532
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 17,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
The Public Deposits—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
in its conduct, sacred in its object, the Texan re-
volt has illustrated the Anglo-Saxon character,
and given it new titles to the respect and admira-
tion of the world. It shows that liberty, justice,
valor—moral, physical, and intellectual power—
discriminate that race wherever it goes. Let our
America rejoice, let old England rejoice, that the
Brazos and Colorado, new and strange names,
streams far beyond the western bank of the Father
of Floods, have felt the impress and witnessed
the exploits of a people sprung from their loins,
and carrying their language, laws, and customs,
their ¿Magna Charla and all its glorious privileges,
into new regions and far distant climes.
Of the individuals who have purchased lasting ■
renown in this young war it would be impossi-
ble in this place to speak in detail, and invidious
to discriminate; but there is one among them '
whose position forms an exception, and whose I
early association with myself justifies and claims
the tribute of a particular notice.   I speak of him
whose romantic victory has given to the Jacinto*
that immortality in grave and serious history
which the diskos of Apollo had given to it in the i
fabulous pages of the heathen mythology.   Gen- ,
eral Houston was born in the State of Virginia,
county of Rockbridge; he was appointed an en-
sign in the Army of the United States during the
late war with Great Britain, and served in the
Creek campaign under the banners of Jackson.
I was the lieutenant colonel of the regiment to
which he belonged, and the first field officer to '
whom he reported.    I then marked in him the
same soldierly and gentlemanly qualities which
have since distinguished his eventful career; frank,
generous, brave, ready to do or to suffer what-
ever the obligations of civil or military duty im-
Í)0sed; and always prompt to answer the call of
lonor, patriotism, and friendship.   Sincerely do
I rejoice in his victory.   It is a victory without
alloy, and without parallel, except at New Or-
leans.    It is a victory which the civilization of
the age, and the honor of the human race, re-
quired him to gain; for the nineteenth century is
not the age in which a repetition of the Goliad
Matins could be endured.   Nobly has he an-
swered the requisition; fresh and luxuriant are
the laurels which adorn his brow.
It is not within the scope of my present pur-
pose to speak of military events, and to celebrate
the exploits of that vanguard of the Anglo-Saxons
who are now on the confines of the ancientempire
of Montezuma; but that combat of the San Jacinto!
it must forever remain in the catalogue of military
miracles. Seven hundred and fifty citizens, mis-
cellaneously armed with rifles, muskets, belt pis-
tols, and knives, under a leader who had never
seen service except as a subaltern, march to
attack near double their numbers—march in open
day across a clear prairie, to attack upwards of
twelve hundred veterans, the élite of an invading
army of seven thousand, posted in a wood, their
flanks secured, front intrenched, and commanded
by a general trained in civil wars, victorious in
numberless battles, and chief of an empire of
which no man becomes chief except as conqueror.
In twenty minutes the position is forced; the
combat becomes a carnage; the flowery prairie
is stained with blood; the hyacinth is no longer
blue, but scarlet; six hundred Mexicans are
dead ; six hundred more are prisoners, half
wounded; the President General himself is a
prisoner; the camp and baggage all taken; and
the Joss to the victors, six killed and twenty
wounded. Such are the results, and which no
European can believe but those who saw Jackson
at New Orleans, Houston is the pupil of Jack-
son; and he is the first self-made general since the
time of Mark Antony, and the King Antigonus,
who has taken the general of the army and the
head of the Government captive in battle. Dif-
ferent from Antony, he has spared the life of his
captive, though forfeited by every law, human
and divine.
I voted in 1821 to acknowledge the absolute
independence of Mexico: I vote now to recognize
the contingent and expected independence of
Texas. In both cases the vote is given upon the
same principle—upon the principle of disjunction
* Hyacinth; hyaeiuihus ¡ Imakinüivs; w^ej: flowsr.
where conjunction is impossible or disastrous.
The union of Mexico and Spain had become im-
possible: that of Mexico and Texas is no longer
desirable or possible. A more fatal present could
not be made than that of the future incorporation
of the Texas of La Salle with the ancient empire
of Montezuma. They could not live together,
and extermination is not the genius of the age;
and, besides, is more easily talked of than done.
Bloodshed only could be the fruit of their con-
junction; and every drop of that blood would be
the dragon's teeth sown upon the earth. No wise
Mexican should wish to have this Trojan horse
shut up within their walls
THE PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
REMARKS OF HON. J. BUCHANAN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In Senate, June 17, 1836,
On the passage of the trill to regulate the deposits of the
Public Money.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had risen for the
purpose of stating, as briefly as he could, some of
the reasons which had induced him to vote for the
engrossment of this bill, and which should govern
his vote upon its final passage. He wished to
place them distinctly before his constituents, so
that they might decide upon the propriety of his
conduct. He should have given a silent vote upon
the question; but the unexpected debate which
had arisen to-day upon the final passage of the
bill rendered some explanation upon his part ne-
cessary.
What, sir, (said Mr. B.,) is the true nature of
this question in the form which it now presents
itself to the Senate? To state it correctly is at
once to answer all the arguments which have
been urged against the bill. If we were to infer
what the question was from the remarks of my
friend" from Mississippi, [Mr. Walker,] we
might be induced to believe that this bill proposes
a donation, not only of the present, but of every
future surplus in the Treasury to the several
States; to use his own language, that we are now
about dividing the spoils among the people. Can
anything be more remote from a correct statement
of the case ? This bill provides merely for a de-
posit of the public money with the States; not for
a donation of it to them. In its terms and in its
spirit, it proposes nothing more than to make the
State treasuries the depositories of a portion of
the public money, instead of the deposit banks.
If the States should derive incidental advantages
from the use of this money, without interest, the
deposit banks have heretofore used it, and under
the provisions of this bill, will continue to use it,
upon the very same terms, to the extent of one
fourth of their capitals. Surely no Senator upon
this floor can complain of the benefits which may
be conferred upon the States by the adoption of
this measure.
In discussing this subject I shall imitate the
example of my friend from New York, [Mr.
Wright,] and present to the Senate a concise
history of the progress of that portion of the bill
which relates to the deposit of the public money
with the States. Its features have been very
much changed, and in my opinion it has been
greatly improved since the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Calhoun] presented his original
proposition. That gentleman had proposed to
deposit the annual accruing surplus in the Treas-
ury, until the year 1842, with the several States,
without making any provision that they should
issue certificates for these deposits, to be placed
in the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Before this money, or any portion of it, could be
recalled, his amendment required that a special
act of Congress should be passed for that pur-
pose; and that six months notice must be given
to the States prior to the payment of any install-
ment. This would have been, in effect, a sys-
tem to distribute the surplus revenue in the
Treasury among the States for a period of six
years. I need not again state my objections to
this proposition, having urged them at some
length upon a former occasion, before the ap-
pointment of the select committee. It is sufficient
now to say that, to my own mind, they were
conclusive.
Next came the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster.] In one import-
ant particular it had removed the objections to
which that of the Senator from South Carolina
was exposed. It proposed but a single operation
and was confined to the money which might be
in the Treasury at the end of the present year.
Under it, however, the States were not required
to issue certificates of deposit, nor could the
money deposited with them be applied by the
Secretary of the Treasury to the payment of our
current appropriations, without a previous act of
Congress for that purpose. In these particulars
it was essentially the same with the proposition
of the Senator from South Carolina. Those fea-
tures were still wanting which could alone fairly
give to the transaction the character of a deposit.
The sums thus deposited could not have been
used as ready money, always at hand, whenever
they might be required by the wants of the
Treasury. Without some provision to remove
this objection I could not have voted even for the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts,
although in one respect it received my cordial
approbation. The overflowing condition of the
Treasury presents an extraordinary spectacle,
not only in our own history, but in that of all
other countries. The present bill is the medi-
cine, and ought not to be converted into the daily
bread of the Constitution. It ought to be con-
fined, as the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts had proposed, to the existing evil,
and ought not to extend to future years. It was
one of those cases in which futurity ought to be
left to provide for itself.
In this state of the question the whole subject
was referred to the select committee. They had
advanced one step further towards making the
bill purely one of deposit. After deciding against
the system of continuing to deposit the surplus
with the States until the year 1842, and in favor
of restricting it to the money in the Treasury at
the conclusion of the present year, they reported
to the Senate a provision requiring the States
which might receive the money to issue certifi-
cates of deposit, to be placed in the hands of the
Secretary of the Treasury. A previous act of
Congress, however, still remained necessary be-
fore these certificates could be used.
As a member of tne select committee I endeav-
ored to obviate this objection. Before that com-
mittee I made an unsuccessful motion of a char-
acter similar to that which has been since adopted
by the Senate, on the motion of my friend from
New York, [Mr. Tallmadge.] A necessity no
longer exists for a special act of Congress, before
these certificates of deposit can be used by the
Secretary of the Treasury for the purpose of
discharging the appropriations made by Con-
gress.
What, then, is the true nature of the measure
now before the Senate? It is a deposit with the
States in form, and a deposit in effect. It is no
distribution—no gift of the public money. The
bill requires the States receiving the money to
deliver to the Secretary of the Treasury certifi-
cates of deposit for such amounts, and in such
form as he may prescribe, payable to the United
States or their assigns; and without any direction
from Congress, he is authorized to sell and assign
these certificates ratably, in proportion to the sums
received, and thus convert them into money when-
ever it shall become necessary for the payment of
any of the appropriations made by Congress.
These certificates, which, after their assignment,
will bear an interest of five per cent, per annum,
are to all intents and purposes so much money in
theTrcasury. They are asgood—nay,they are far
better, because they are much more secure than
the best bank notes in the country. Within the
period of a single day, they will always command
gold and silver, if that be required, in any of our
targe commercial cities. Do not assignable cer-
tificates of deposit in solvent banks circulate from
hand to hand as money throughout the commer-
cial world ? And when the faith of the sovereign
States of this Union is solemnly pledged upon
their very face for the redemption of these cer-
tificates, are we still to be told that this is a mere
