534
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
21th Cong....1st Sess.
The Expunging Resolution—Mr. Porter.
Senate.
THE E\Pr\GI\G RESOLUTION.
SPEECH OF HON. A.PORTER,
OF LOUISIANA,
In Senate, Match 22, 1836.
ThePemte Iminiiinilircon-id rmon,-va the unfinished
bu<=ine«=, the resolution «nbiuittiri h\ Mr Benton to ex
punge i cemin resolution liom the Journal—
Mr. PORTER said.
Mi. Prlsident. I have some diffidence in ad-
drc-sinj the Sui uo on tlus question.    The hon-
orable Senator from Missoui i has, with his usual
industry, pronounced an elaborate argument in
support of the resolution Iip has offeied to the
Senate.  I suppose it to be the result of long med-
itation and much preparation.    Neither the time
allotted me since this discussion commenced, nor
the state of my health, has enabled me to give to
the question the attention it merits, indeed, such
is my indisposition, that were it not for the pledge
I ir some sou contiacted yesterday with the
Senate, I should  decline addressing it to-day.
But unless I ha\e lost all perception of truth, and
am utterh mistaken as to its effect when pie-
sented to the mind of others, I cannot be deceived
in believing that no want of strength on my part
canpre\entme irom exposing the utter feebleness
of the position which the Senator has assumed.
It is not surprising that great pains should be
taken -wheieaheavy lesponsibihty is incuned.
I say a heavy responsibility.   The attempt is
to deface and destroy the public records of the
country, to alter and render obscure the jour-
nals of a former Congress, which are now the
public propeity, and with which we  have  no
constitutional concern, except as keepers and
preservers.    It is more than this—it is an at-
tempt to obliterate the truth.   Yes, sn, to oblit-
erate it.   For whether the vote of the Senate was
or was not correct on the occasion to which the
Senator desires to apply his expunging process—
whether it was the solemn expression of wise
opinion extoi ted from Senators under the high
obligations of duty—or, as he will have it, the
effusion of heated and blind party spiut, still the
fact is undoubted that such a \ote was given, and
the object of the Senator is to have the record of
that vote destroyed—that is, to erase the tiuth
from your recoid.    Such a proceeding is well
calculated to excite solemn considerations, and
and calls for the exercise of every high quality
which patriotism can expect at out hands.
Mr. President, it did not strike me, while the
honorable Senator was speakmg,as most remark-
able that he should take such vast pains to show
the vote of the Senate was erroneous and uncon-
stitutional, in the instance which he has selected
for this new process of his.   A stranger entering
these Halls at the time he was indulging his zeal,
and practicing his epithets, on the conduct of the
Senate which formed a part of the last Congress,
would, 1 am certain, have imagined that there
was some provision in the Constitution of the
country which required a record to be kept of all
the proceedings of this body which were constitu-
tional, and forbad any record being kept of those
which were m violation of the Constitution    But
that instrument maybe searched in vain, and no
such distinction can be found in it.   The only
portion which relates to our record makes none.
I open it, and what do I see '   The imperative
mandate " that each Hou^e shall keep a record of
its pieceedings."    Well, if its votes and its reso-
lutions are unconstitutional, are they not still its
proceedings? and is the obligation less solemn
and less binding on us to preserve them'  Before,
therefore, so much time and  so much energy
were exhibited in a critical analysis of the natuie
of these acts, it behooved the Senator to show
some authority for expunging proceedings of the
character he supposes these to be.   Until he did
this, all examination into then constitutionality
was unnecessary and fruitless.
The Constitution, it is clear, cannot be satis-
fied by the distinction the gentleman has made.
Its language is directly, palpably opposed to it;
so, also, is its spirit. It is giving the enlightened
framers of that instrument credit, indeed, for little
wisdom to suppose that they contemplated making
any difference.   The objects sought to be attained
by  this  constitutional   injunction were  many.
They will readily suggest themselves to Sena-
tois, and it is unnecessaiy to enumeiate them
Among the most important was the pieservation
of the evidence of the gieat public concerns and
valuable pi i vate interests which depend on the
action of Congress.    Another scarcely less im-
portant object was to secure to the people a record
of their sei vants'acts and votes, so that a correct
judgment might be formed of their conduct, and
justice dealt to them when their term of service
expired.    The illustrious men by whom the in-
estimable chartci of our Union wasformed knew
well that history, which professes to teach, and
does teach, by the lights which experience fur-
nishes, would be a false and treacherous guide if
it recorded only the good deeds of men.    They
knewitwas of equal importance it should enregis-
terthen errors and their vices,and they intended,
therefore, that the record which they made pro-
vision for should be a beacon to warn as well as
a light to allure.    What useful knowledge could
any man acquire by the perusal of ancient story
if it presented to mm no examples but those which
were exhibited by the virtues of antiquity—if it
did not show to him the errors and vices and fac-
tions by which nations lost their freedom, as well
as the simplicity and patriotism by which they
established it'   None, sir,none.   Nor here would
oui journals be of any value if they did not pre-
serve the evidence of our faults and our follies as
faithfully as they do that of our wisdom and our
virtues     There is nothing, therefoie, in the spirit
of our Constitution, anymore than there is in its
letter, which can be tortured into the slightest
support of the alarming and dangerous proposi-
tion which the Senator proposes for our adoption.
I might, therefore, well spare myself the task of
following the honorable Senator from Missouri
through the labored examination which he has
made of the vote of the Senate in the year 1834,
m relation to the removal of the deposits by the
President, or of noticing the heated and exag-
gerated picture he has diawn of the motives of
those by whom it was given.    Such discussion
can haje no profilable effect on the naked ques-
tion as to the power of the Senate to alter and
deface the public recoid     It may, it is true, in-
crease party spirit, and flush it to the perpetration
of an act which, in my conscience, and on my
honoi, I believe will hereafter (when reason re-
sumes its sway) be a source of deep mortification
to all who now participate in it; but it can do
nothing more.   However, some of the assertions
and reasonings of the honorable Senator in this
part of his speech to the Senate ought not to pass
entirely unnoticed, and I may, perhaps, speak a
little to a few of them before I sit down. My pres-
ent purpose, however, is with the merits of the
question, and leaving to the honorable Senator,
for a time, the banks, and the panic, and the panic
makers, and President Jackson, and his glory
and the old Federalists—who, by the way, if they
have joined the present Administration, are all
transmuted into pwe Democrats of the old school—
I shall proceed to discuss the subject upon these
considerations, and these alone, by which, in my
view of the matter, a couect conclusion can be
obtained
And, proceeding to do so I find it written in the
fifth section of the first article of the Constitution,
that each House shall keep a journal of its proceed-
ings, and from time to time publish the same, ex-
cepting such parts as niay,in their judgment, require
screcy." Now, the first question which suggests
itself ir, the inquiry ,s, what is meant by the
woids "keep a journal of its proceeding* V? To
hat question I know of but one answer that can
be given; and it is that which instantly suggests
itself o every one, learned and unlearned, who
reads them, namely, that each House should record
its proceedings, and preserve the records so made. If
this be not the true meaning, 1 know not what
answer can be giver. No other will satisfy the
ob|ect contemplated by the Constitution. For
wi hout recording, there would be no journal, and
without preserving, the journoi would not be kept.
The honorable Senator has not furnished us with
hia\reading of this clause. He has, to be su re,
talked, and talked correctly, of a variety of mean-
ings which belong to the word keep, but viewed
in any other light than as a handsome exercise
of ingenuity, I could not see what practical result
was to be attained from the disquisition, for, after
all, he failed to tell us what meaning he precisely
attached to the expiession keep a journal In
this he did wisely They have one,and one only
meaning, in the common sense of all mankind
They have never had any other in England or
in Scotland, or in Ireland, nor in any of'the
twenty-four sovereignties which compose this
Union. The understanding of them has been
uniform, whether applied to courts of justice or
legislative bodies. The House shall keep a journal
the Clerk shall keep a record, in all times, and ni
all countries where the language prevails, have
been understood to write down what is done, and
to preserve what is wntten. The expression, it
is true, is idiomatic, but for that very reason'is
the sense unembarrassed and perfect. It never
was questioned nor denied until the honorable
Senator, in this rash attempt, found it necessary
to perplex and mystify what, until now, every
one considered clear and intelligible.
If, then, Mr. President, the plain meaning of
the woids keep a journal of its proceedings be
that the Senate shall cause a record of its pro-
ceedings to be made, and preserve them, is there
an impartial man who can doubt or deny that the
resolution offered by the Senator is a manifest
violation of the Constitution ' I think there is
not, tor the effect of that resolution will not be
to preserve, but to destroy. Does it make any
difference that only a part of these proceedings,
not the whole, is to be blotted, or obscured, or de-
faced ' It makes none. The injunction is, that
you shall keep a journal of your proceedings;
and if you deface the smallest portion of them,
what remains is not a journal of the proceedings,
but of apart of them, and this, I contend, is nota
compliance with the Constitution. Under such
construction of it, if you strike out nine hundred
and ninety-nine parts out of one thousand, you
might just as truly say you were keeping a journal
of the proceedings
If this reasoning be unsound, I trust gentlemen
who follow in the debate will prove it to be so.
I am sure there is ingenuity enough here to do it,
if it can be done. I hope they will show us how
a ;>art of a journal is the whole; and when they
have done so, I will suggest to them that they
will then have to explain to the public mind, and
satisfy it, how destroying a record is obeying a
mandate which requires you to preserve it. This,
sir, I am aware, they will find no easy task.
Until it is done, permit me, in the belief that what
I have advanced is true, to follow this measure
I out to its legitimate, I might add its inevitable,
consequences. Upon the principle, then, involved
in the resolution offered by the honorable Senator,
I affirm the whole journal of the proceedings of
the Legislature is completely placed at the mercy
of a majoi ity in either House of Congress. The
solem and authentic record of the great public
measures which may occupy its deliberations—
the equally sacred register on which private rights
depend, may be struck out in an instant by
the fury of triumphant faction, the promptings
of sordid cupidity, or the fears of conscience-
stricken profligacy. And let us not flatter our-
selves that the time will not come when these
things will be done. He knows little of the
causes of decay and dissolution which exist at
the creation of everything which our imperfect
nature produces, and which expand and gather
force with age, who can doubt it. I hope the
day is distant, but we do but accelerate it when
we cut ourselves adrift from the Constitution.
But, says the honorable Senator, all this is
special pleading. The word keep has thirty-six
meanings in the Dictionary, and you have no
right to take one of these meanings alone. We
have just as much right to select our meaning
for the word from any of its various significa-
tions. This is rather a new, and certainly « very
independent way of interpreting a constitutional
or legal provision. But let that pass for a mo-
ment, and permit me to say that, by the term
special pleading, the Senator means reining, hair-
splitting, there never was anything more gratui-
tous said here. On the contrary, we rely on the
plain common sense meaning of the expression;
