1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
24th Cong...1st Sess.
The Expunging Resolution—Mr, Porter.
Senate.
upon that sense in which the words are under-
stood by every one the most slightly educated
through the whole Rt. public. We contend for the
signification which the terms have everywhere
and in all times recuved. It vve left them for the
netr meanings, to suit t-jri/aoiiiiiiun/ occasions, as
the honorable Senator is doing, we would be open
to the reproach, as he justly is. I charge it upon
him, and I chalí make the chaige good. Helias
dt parted from the usual signification, and substi-
tuted niceties ind refinements tor the general and
popular use of the words, and m doing so, has
violated a rule of construction as universal as it
is sound, and  hu h it would be a reproach to the
Senator if he was not familiar with before he was
three months in the office where he received his
legal education
Rt cm ring, then, to the word keep, and its thirty -
six meanings, I have to say that nothing can be
more true th tn that the verb has a variety ot senses,
but does that prove that it has not one known
unquestionable signification when um-i1 as it is in
the Constitution of the United States >   Certainly
not.    Sir, let the gentleman apply any one of the
various meanings of this word to be found in the
books of philology, save that which we contend
for, to the terms keep a journal, and I will venture
to say the utter absurdity in which the process
must end will convince even him how vain and
futile and dangerous it is to depart from the pop-
ular understanding of the natter     jNo doubt, as
the honorab'e Senator says, keeping a door, keep-
ing house, and keeping a store, do not mean the
same thing.  The meaning varies with the object
to w hich the verb is applied.   But, in these cases,
the idiomatic sense supplies the necessity of all
reference to Dicuonanes, it is perfectly compre-
hended by every one, and suoposes that which
is done, or necessary to be done, in keeping a
doer, keeping house, or keeping a store.    It would
be a waste of time for me to explain them; they
explain themselves more forcibly than I could by
any other words     Verbs and ad)ecti\es, in all
languages, vary in their meaning by the objects
to which they are applied, the latter sometimes
by their position in relation to the noun.    For
example, the appellation envoy extraordinary has
a clear and specific signification; transpose the
words, however, and say, an extraordinary envoy,
and they present quite another idea     Well, sir,
what would you say to any one who would rise
here or elsewhere, and contend that, as the Dic-
tionaries of our language declared that the adjec-
tive extraordinary signified remarkable, wonderful,
the expression «ncoy extraordinary conveyed the
idea that a wonderful envoy had been sent to our
country'   Kot less extravagant, I contend, is it
to depart from the common sense meaning which
is given to the verb keep in all the varieties in
which it is used
Many as are the uses which are made of it, I
am not aware that it has two meanings in its
application to any one object. The thing to
which it is applied controls and fixes its sense, as
in the terms keep a promise, keep a journal, keep a
horse. All these have popular and known signi-
fications, from which you cannot depart without
falling into conclusions absurd and untrue Let
us take, by way of illustration, the expression
keep a horse. We will suppose the Senator to
have delivered his to a livery stable to be kept.
He calls for him some time after, and the owner
of the stable tells him that the animal has perished
for want of food Reproach instantly follows
this breach of engagement, and it would not be
appeased, I hazard nothing in saying, by the
keeper showing the honorable gentleman that,
according to Webster's or any other Dicttonary,
the verb keep has a variety of senses, and that one
of them perfectly justified him in his notion that
he was not obliged to give the horse food. Sir, I
will venture to aflirm the Senator would consider
this perfect special pleading So if he gave a friend
a bundle of papers to keep, and when he called
for the deposit should be told that, according to
the best philologists, keep, among its thirty-six
significations, meant to supply with the necessaries
of life, and finding the book refuse all sustenance,
he had thrown it away as utterly incorrigible,
would not the honorable Senator consider the
excuse for non-delivery a great refinement 7 So,
too, if, some thirty years since, when the Senator
fi om Missouri and my self first became acquainted I'
on the banks of the Shawnee, (whose beautiful
Indian app< llation is lost in the prosaic one of I
Cumbeiland,) a lock of hair had been bestowed
on him by lady's love, to be kept until they again
met, and, on her calling for the dear pledge, he
had informed her that his promise to keep did
not bind him to preserve, because one of the
mtamngs of the word was to pasture, would she
not have consideied the gentleman moie learned
than tiue — a gay deceiver — and a great ftoir-
splittcr? And so when the Senator contends that
the constitutional injunction to keep a journal
means that you may deitroy a part of it, I say to
lnnv, that he can only reach such a conclusion by
special pleading, by refining, by hair-splitting, or by
abandoning common sense, and trampling the
Constitution under foot.
No human ingenuity can sustain the proposi-
tion the Senator advances I know there is
scarcely anything in favor of which something
plausible may not be advanced, and the gentle-
man, I admit, has made the most of his case.
But no covering he may throw over the Consti-
tution can hide the wound he inflicts on it. The
honorable Senator, under his heated feelings,
may consider his case as made out; I do not say
he does not so consider it. But those who look
calmly at the thing will see nothing but excuses
where he finds reasons They who are anxious
foi the violation (I do not say there are any such
in this body) may be glad to have those excuses
furnished to them But time, and the silent mon-
itor within, will do their work, and they will live
to see the day when the shout of party triumph
will bring no joy; when they will be compelled
to look for consolation in the repentance which
ever follows the conviction of wrong committed
I hope they will have that consolation, sir; God
forbid they should not.
But the honorable Senator has one ready for
them now He says, if I understand his argu-
ment correctly, (and if I did not, I pray to be
set right,) that no practical injury can result from
the act The process by which this consolation
is obtained is somewhat curious The gentleman
tells the Senate that there are one thousand ori-
ginals of the journal, and that the defacing of
that kept by the Secretary leaves all the rest com-
plete Well, sir, admit theposition to be correct;
and what then ' Does that furnish any argument
in favor of disfiguring one of them ' Whether
there be many or few originals, are they not all
equally under the protection of the Constitution '
If so many are to be kept as a record of our pro-
ceedings, is it not indispensable they should all
be true records' Did the Constitution contem-
plate that some of our journals should exhibit a
faithful record of our proceedings, and others
should not' Oi am I'to understand the honor-
able Senator that enough which are true will
remain to correct that which the expunging res-
olution purposes to falsify' If that be the
position, I leave to him and his friends all the
advantage they can derive from the argument.
But I pray leave to enter my utter dissent to
the proposition that we have one thousand origin-
als of our journals We have only one original;
that which is made up by our Secretary, read
over to us, sanctioned by the approval of this
body, and placed among the archives of the Sen-
ate. It is that, and that alone, which forms the
record of our proceedings, and furnishes the ori-
ginal from which transcripts become evidence
elsewhere. The originals of which the Senator
speaks are not^ven copies, they are but the copies
of a copy furnished by our Secretary to the print-
er. I am aware of the decisions of courts, which
the Senator from Missouri has quoted, on the
admissibility of these printed copies as evidence.
It is not my purpose to go into a critical investi-
gation of the soundness of the doctrine by which
such a rule has been established I content my-
self with saying that these cases do not proceed
on the principle that the printed journals are ori-
ginals, they go on the supposition that they are
true copies In giving them even this character,
the tribunals of (ustice have gone very far, and
the cases in which they have been received are
of modern date, and of somewhat doubtful au-
thority They have been, as it weic, extorted
from the couits by the gieat convenience of the
practice, and from a strong, and in general a well
founded belief that they are faithful transcripts.
But at the utmost they are nothing more than
prima facie evidence, and, if contradicted by the
original in writing, of which I have spoken, they
must instantly yield to the higher authenticity
which belongs to it To all acquainted with this
subject it must be apparent that the whole matter
exhibits a great relaxation of the salutary rule,
that the best evidence the nature of the case will
admit of must be produced But be this as it may,
the doctrine gives no sanction to the idea that
these printed journals are originals And admit-
ting it to be sound and correct, it by no means
supports the pioposition that the original is not
to be preserved with caie and fidelity
We have been referred, Mr President, to the
practice of the Parliament of Gieat Britain on
matters of this kind It is stated that that coun-
try has a constitution, as ours has; that our par-
liamentary proceedings were borrowed from, and
have a íeference to, theirs, and that we are in the
daily habit of referring to parliamentary rules and
pai liamentary practice as our guide From these
facts the conclusion is drawn that every power
which they may exercise we can also exercise.
I believe this is a faithful summary of what the
honorable Senator advanced on this branch of the
subject, and I take occasion to say that it all has
my entire assent, save the conclusion which he
has drawn That conclusion, too, would be sound
enough from his premises, but it is incorrect, be-
cause the Senator left out one important and con-
trolling postulate which belongs to the question,
and which I shall immediately notice.
It is the constitutional provision which we h?ve
on the subject that makes all the difference for
which I contend Were it not for it, the rule re-
ferred to by the Senator that the power to expunge
from its journals any offensive matter found in
them was inherent in every legislative body, could
not be contested, but it is obvious that a rule must
be subject to the exception, provided the legislative
body itself has not i ules prescribed foi its government
by a higher authority inconsistent with the exercise of
such a power. That such is the case here I affirm,
and it is this circumstance which takes away all
force from British precedents when applied, in a
case of this kind, to the proceedings of an Amer-
ican Congress
" Great Britain does not possess, as we do, a
written constitution. The great principles of
civil and political freedom are, it is true, found
in Magna Charta, and her bill of rights put for-
ward at the revolution of 1688 But even they
do not form a constitutional charter which places
them beyond the control of acts of Parliament.
And we must look to all these to ascertain what
constitutional provisions exist in England con-
trolling the rules of the two Houses of Parlia-
ment in regard to their own proceedings. I have
looked into all these, and I do not find in any of
them a single provision prescribing rules on this
subject to either House of Parliament The
matter is left entirely to the discretion and control
of each body It follows, therefore, that the inhe-
rent right which exists, I admit, in every legis-
lative assembly to regulate its own proceedings,
flourishes in full force there. To the possession
and exercise of that power nlone is the practice
of expunging to be referred. Wholly unchecked
by constitutional restrictions, they exert it as
they please, without stint and without control.
They aie under no constitutional obligation to
keep any journal; unless as a matter of conve-
nience, I suppose they would not keep any.
With such absolute powei over the whole of the
journal, they are of course complete masters over
every part of it. They may expunge as they
please, or preserve or not preserve as they choose.
But how stands the case with us' Have we a
discretion on this matter' Can we dispense with
keeping a journal' And 'if we cannot dispense
with recording our proceedings, how can we dis-
pense with a portion of them' Let the clause of
the Constitution already cited answer these ques-
tions, and after gentlemen have pondered on it,
let them see what authority they can derive from
the parliamentary practice of England to mstify
the attempt to deface and render obscure the con-
stitutional record of this House,
In connection with this branch of the subject
