1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
24th Ooxg....1st Sess.
The Erpunging Resolution—Mr. Porter.
Senate.
cerem >ny, so royal in its precedent, and so val-
uable in ihe support which the example would
all\.rd to the cause of freedom and legislative in-
dependence.  1 hope he will yet reconsider the
matter, and, if we are to have the process applied
to our journals, give us the pure, unadulterated,
Knglish practice on the subject.                               ¡
But I must leave these pleasant contemplations,
and return to the argument. And I contend that,
even admitting all the reasoning offered in sup-
port of the resolution proposed, still we have no
authority to do the act which Uie Senate is called
on todo, because the journal which it is proposed
to blot and deface is not cur journal, but that cf
a formtr Congress.    I think 1 have conclusively
shown that we have no power over our own jour-
nal after it is made up; and I am not to be under-
stood as in any respect abandoning the ground
assumed in relation to it.    Hut all the reasoning
which established that proposition acquires an
increased force when brought to bear on the pres-
ent question.     Some embarrassment is created
in the mind,on the first view of this matter, from
an idea which commonly prevails, of the Senate
being a permanent body, and that its journals,
from its creation up to this time, belong to it in
that character.   But it is evident this position is
only true when applied to the Senate in its exec-
%ttive capacity.   In discharging its legislative func-
tions it has a limited existence.    It can only act
for two years at a time, and, at the end of that
period which terminates a Congress, its legisla-
tive powers terminate as those of the House of
Representatives do.   When it meets a House of
Representatives whose whole number is newly
elected, it meets that body with the one third of
its members also newly elected, and both form a
new Congress, and are not a continuation of the
preceding one.   The longer term of service of the
Senators does not affect the duration of the Legis-
' lature to which they are deputed, nor destroy its ¡
distinctive character.   They are members of sev- ¡'
eral Congresses, but several Congresses do not
enter into and merge in a continuous Senate.
The Constitution of the United States vests the i
. national legislative powers in a Congress com-
posed of o Senate and House of Representatives,
not in the Senate and House of Representatives.
I contend, therefore, sir, that the Senate of the
United States stands precisely in the same rela-
tion to the legislative journals of a former Con-
gress as the House of Representatives does; and
that, if the present House of Representatives has
no authority to alter or deface the journal of that
branch of the Legislature of the Twenty-Third
Congress, thÍ3 body cannot touch the journal of
the Senate which formed a part of it.    We are
the keepers, sir, not the owners of the volume
which contains the proceedings of that Legisla-
ture.    Is it possible, sir, the extravagant propo-
sition will be maintained that the journals of the
Senate of 1790 belong to the Senate of 1836, and
that they have the power to change or obliterate
what is written in them, or destroy them alto-
gether at their pleasure .'    And yet that proposi-
tion must be maintained to justify the act now I
proposed to be done.    Far from being our prop-
erty, they are that of the people of the United
States; and you have just as much right to order,
by a resolution of the Senate, that one of the na-
tional frigates should be altered or destroyed, or
one of the fortifications of the country dismantled,
as you have to touch the records of a former Sen-
ate.   Did there exist a law of Congress making
it a penal offense to alter or deface the journal of
either House of Congress, and our Secretary, who
might commit this act by your order, should be
indicted for it, I deny that he could successfully
plead the mandate he received from you as a jus-
tification.   If he offered such a plea, and it was
demurred to, I hazard little in saying that, in case
the matter were carried before the Supreme Court
of the United States, they would hold he had no
Talid authority for what he had done.
[Mr. PoitTER having here become exhausted,
a motion was made, and unanimously carried, to
postpone the subject under debate.]
On resuming his remarks on the following day,
Mr. PORTER said: I am quite sensible of and
grateful to the Senate for the indulgence which it
extended to me yesterday, and I feel that the best
return I can make for its kindness is to condense
as much as possible what I have further to say
on the question now under consideration.
In the observations I had tho honor to offer to
the Senate yesterday, I touched on all the argu-
ments offered by the Senator from Missouri which
related to our power to expunge, save that which
he based on n precedent drawn from a former pro-
ceeding of this body. Sir, I am free to confess,
when the gentleman read the resolution which,
by its language, affirms such a power, I never was
more struck with astonishment in my life, and it
was under the influence of an irresistible curios-
ity that I asked the Senator the question I did,
and not from the intention of interrupting the ,
train of his remarks. He rebuked mo for the in-
terruption justly, but gently, and I acquiesced in
it. But when the honorable Senator further told
me to beware resting the matter on so small a
point, "or I might be blown up," I felt prepared
to join issue with him, and to show him that the
point is by no means a small one. On the con-
trary, the inquiry suggested a principle on which
the whole value of the case, as a precedent, de-
pends.
If the Senate, in the instance relied on, had
determined they possessed the power to expunge
from their journal an entry made on it, we should
then have had  the question submitted, whether
any example set by others could authorise us
to surrender our clear and conscientious convic-
tions of constitutional obligation.   But the case
does not impose any such necessity.    What is
its history ?   It is this: On the last day of a ses-
sion of Congress, in the year 1806, a petition,
or meraorial, was presented from certain per-
sons, then under conviction foroffenses committed
against the laws of the United States.   This
memorial reflected strongly on the conduct of the
Chief Magistrate, and its tenor was entered on
the minutes.  How long after the entry was made
we do not know, but not many hours after, and
on the same day in which the petition had been re-
\ ceived, a motion was made and carried to expunge |
it from the journal.   This motion prevailed.   The
confusion and hurry which always attend the
transaction of business on the last night Con-
gress sits, accounts fully for the inaccuracy of
expression used in the resolution, as there was
no journal until the entries made during the day
were read over and sanctioned by the approbation
of the Senate.    Until that approbation is given,
the acts of the Secretary are no more than min-
utes of proceedings, over which the body has
complete control; just as, in the same manner,
the entries of a clerk of a court made during the
day are subject to the revision and correction of
the judge when read the following morning. Had
not the Senate been about to adjourn that night,
the measure was entirely gratuitous, as the cor-
rection could have been  made at the commence-
ment of the next day's sitting, when the minutes
prepared by the Secretary were read over.    It
did not, however, sit; and  it is probable this
method of getting rid of the obnoxious matter
j was preferred, as it was a period when party run
: high, and the step taken by the petitioners well
, calculated to excite the passions which belong to
such times.   Be this, however, as it may, it is
obvious that whatever form the majority chose
to give their resolution, their power over the
matter was undisputed.
I see some gentlemen dissent to this position.
I consider it, however, perfectly sound. It can-
not be, it is not true, that the secretary of a legis-
lature or the clerk of a court has the right to place
any matter he pleases on the minutes of the pro-
ceedings, and that neither the judges, in the one
case, nor the legislative body in the other, have
the power to expunge from them what is im-
properly placed there. It cannot be, it is not
true, that if errors are committed by either they
must remain, and cannot be corrected; all prac-
tice and all reason are opposed to such a doctrine.
But this control over the proceedings, before the
journal of the clerk or secretary is made up and
sanctioned, is totally different from the right
claimed here to change or deface the record after
it is complete. The court, during its term, may
correct any error into which it has fallen. Its
minutes are under its control for the same time.
But was it ever heard that it could, at a succeeding
one, change, erase from, or add to, the record of
its proceedings of a former session? Never, sir.
And so, in reason, and on the true principles of
the Constitution, is the power of this body lim-
ited. Its record, once made, becomes sacred; it
is the property of the people, was intended for
theirprotection, and you have no right to deface
it. The Senator from Missouri was well aware
of this objection to the precedent cited by him,
and he endeavored skillfully to evade it by say-
ing that at all events we could not deny that it
was a complete answer to our argument, which,
assumed the constitutional duty of this House to
record all its proceedings. Here, said he, was it
proceeding, and o proceeding- not recorded. Sir,
this is quite plausible, but, on a close examina-
tion, it offers no real difficulty. The question
presented in the instance referred to was precisely
that we have been debating for nearly two months
or more this session, and that is, the right of this
body to reject a petition. We who were in the
minority on the abolition memorials, and who
contended for their rejection, urged that we had
a right to refuse to consider them, and to deny
them any place on our journals. Had we then
known of this precedent, wc should have quoted
it in support of the position we assumed, for, by
erasing the memorial from the minutes, the then
Senate declared that they were under no consti-
tutional obligation to receive it, nor to permit
any record of it to be preserved.
Well, sir, I think the Senate decided correctly
in the case to which I have alluded; but the hon-
orable Senator and those who voted with him to
receive the petitions will, no doubt, consider the
decision of  the Senate of 1806 erroneous.    If
erroneous, it is no authority.  If, on the contrary,
it was a sound opinion, it establishes what I
assert to be the true doctrine, namely, that the
Senate have a right to refuse a petition, and are
under no obligation to record it.  The case cited,
therefore, does in no   respect conflict with the
principles for which we who oppose this resolu-
tion contend.   All that is decided by it is, that
the rejection of a petition is not such a proceed-
ing as should be placed on the journals.    But,
Mr. President, did it go the whole length for
which the honorable   Senator introduced it, I
could not permit, in a case of this kind, that it
should control my actions.    In  constitutional
questions we are not permitted to surrender our
conscience to authority. It ought to have no guide
but  reason.    The  precedent in itself contains
nothing to challenge approbation.   It was done
i in haste.    We have no evidence there was any—
I we know there could not have been much—debate
I on it the last night of the session.   It was passed
| by a small majority in a very thin Senate.    It
i was a complete party vote, in high party times.
1 To make such a proceeding decisive of a question
of this magnitude would be to place the Consti-
tution of the country at the mercy of every faction
which by turns may get possession of a majority
in Congress.
1 I have already said that I do not consider it
' made the slightest difference in the question be-
fore us, whether the resolution of the Senate,
which it is proposed to expunge, was constitu-
tional or otherwise. In my judgment the obliga-
tion imposed on us to keep a record of it is pre-
cisely the same,be its character what itmay. The
Constitution makes no distinction; and where it
does not distinguish, we cannot. But as I do not
' agree with the Senator from Missouri that the
Senate, in the instance alluded to, either did in-
justice to the President, or improperly exercised
the powers vested in it, I beg leave to make a few
observations on the leading proposition by which
this charge of injustice and assumption of power
was supposed to be established. We exercised,
it is said, on the occasion complained of, judicial,
not legislative power, and we condemned the Pres-
ident of the United States when he was not ac-
cused, and we did so without even hearing his
defense.
If all this be true, " the head and front of our
offending" is certainly very considerable; but I
apprehend it requires no very great ability to
show that it has no foundation whatever. We
did not, on the occasion alluded to, exercise ju-
dicial power, and therefore we neither tried nor
condemned the President.
-J
