542
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Failure of Fortification Bill—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
FAILUEE OF FORTIFICATION BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. GEORGE EVANS,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
January 23,1836,
In relation to the failure of the bill making appropriations
for fortifications at the last session of Congress.
The House resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, offered by Mr. Adams on
Friday last:
RcsoteeJ, That so much of the message of the President
of the united States to Congress, at the commencement of
tnc present session, as relates to the failure, at the last
session of Congress, of the bill containing the ordinary
appropriation for fortifications, be referred to a select com-
mittee, with instructions to inquire into, and report to the
House the cause and circumstances of the failure of this
bill.
Mr. EVANS addressed the House. He was
very glad, (he said,) after several unsuccessful
efforts, at length to have been recognized by the
Speaker. It would have been much more agree-
able to him to have said several days ago what
he now proposed to say upon the subject under
discussion; but all his attempts to obtain the door
had been fruitless. Indeed, he had begun to fear
that he should fail altogether, for he had perceived
evident indications that this debate was not much
longer to be permitted. He warned his friends
who had a wish to be heard that the time allotted
them was short; and he apprised the majority of
the House, such at least as did not already know
it, that they would soon be called upon to wield
that convenient instrument for suppressing freedom
of debate, now so frequently resorted to—the
previous question—to arrest the further discussion
of the topics involved in the resolution. He availed
himself, therefore, while he could, of the oppor-
tunity to submit a few remarks upon them; though
to do so, and to say what he was about to say,
was painful to him in a high degree.
The subject which has already engrossed the
attention of the House for several days, (said
Mr. E.,) whatever range it may take, or what- ;
ever space fill, had an exceedingly humble origin. [
It sprung, ostensibly at least, from an inconsider- i
able paragraph in oae of the newspapers of the I
city, which an   honorable member from  New
York [Mr. Cambreleng] deemed of sufficient !
consequence, as it related to himself personally,
to bring to the notice of the House. The charge
which he conceived to be made against himself
was by no means a new one, and the repetition
of it at this time would scarcely have attracted
any additional notice, if the honorable member
had not deemed it suitable to invest it with some
importance, and to found upon it the novel meas-
ure proposed by the honorable mover of this
resolution.   The important measures for the in-
terest and welfare of the whole country, which
are required at our hands, must stand still; the
embargo which we have been so frequently told
hangs over the great commercial city which he
represents, must continue yet longer; public and
private business both must give place, in order
that the honorable member, upon whose Atlan-
tean shoulders the Government seems to rest,
might have the opportunity of attempting to free
himself from charges neither new in themselves
nor supported by new evidence, and now put
forth in a paper which he affects to hold in great
contempt.     The gentleman has  been indulged
with the opportunity which he sought; and with
what success he has met it the House have wit-
nessed.    Such was apparently the origin of the
weighty matters we are considering.    1 was one
of those who voted with the majority, thereby
separating from most of those with whom I usually
act, in giving permission to the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] to intro-
duce this resolution.    I did so with the distinct
perception that the resolution had been previously
prepared and was offered in close connection with,
and founded upon, the remarks of the member
from New York; and I thought I could not be mis-
taken in the belief that it was a matter arranged
and concerted between the honorable gentlemen.
I could not, therefore, be in doubt as to the object
of the gentleman, nor as to the character of the
report which might emanate from the select com-
mittee contemplated in the resolution, should one
be appointed. I knew it was an object I could
not approve, and that it would be a report which
would not have my concurrence. Nevertheless,
1 voted to admit the gentleman's proposition—
useless though it was, extraordinary though it was.
1 did so, simply because I would not be seen
shrinking, or in a position which might be repre-
sented as shrinking, from such a discussion or
investigation as I perceived to be challenged.
Gentlemen may have it, so far as my consent'
goes, just so long as they desire it. Let me not
be understood, however, for a moment, as inti-
mating that the minority on that occasion, who
voted against the introduction of this resolution,
are to be supposed, in the smallest degree, or
under any circumstances, capable of shrinking
from any discussion or inquiry suitable to be en-
tertained. I doubt not, sir, their motives were
far higher, and will commend themselves much
more to the approbation of the country, than
will the purposes had in viewby those who have
sought this discussion. Sincerely desirous of
promoting the public business, and seeing the
utter uselessness, and worse than uselessness, of
such a proceeding, they were ready to do their
duty to the country, regardless of all imputations
which might be cast upon them, and every mis-
representation of their motives. Such sentiments
were highly honorable to my friends, and I feel
the force of them fully. But, at the same time,
sir, I could not but perceive the position in which |
we were placed; and,at a time when upright mo- '
tives are little appreciated, I knew how easily
we might be made to bear the responsibility or
the odium of "thwarting and suppressing investi-
gation for political and party purposes. For one,
I was, though not desirous, yet willing to meet
this matter, here or elsewhere.
The fortification bill of the last session failed; '
everybody knows it.   How it failed is of exceed-
ingly little consequence; but as everybody does
not know it, I have no desire to keep back that
information, let the effect of it be what it may.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Cambre-
leng] endeavors to avoid the question presented
upon this resolution, and to turn the debate in a
new direction.   He says, " the true issue is, not i
who defeated the ordinary fortification bill last
session, but who defeated the appropriation of I
$3,000,000," which was inserted in it by a vote j
of the House.   This is the question which he has I
chiefly spoken to; and all the precedents which '
he cities are only for the purpose of showing that !
the form in which the $3,000,000 were appro-
priated was not justly liable to the objections
made to it.    Is the gentleman conscious that the
charge against the Senate, of having defeated the
bill, cannot be maintained? And is he, therefore, |
solicitous of raising a new question—of presenting I
a new issue?   Is it a question anywhere mooted,
who defeated the grant of $3,000,000 ?   Certainly |
not.    Do not the Senate now claim it as a merit?
Does anybody deny it?   Does not everybody
know that the House was readi, far too ready, to
vote the money ?   Sir, it  is  no question who
defeated the $3,000,000, and the gentleman has
labored to little purpose in proving what is no-
where denied.    As to whether the Senate ought
or ought not to have voted the money in con-
currence with the House, I sshall have very little,
if anything, to say in the course of my remarks;
, nor shall I enter at all into a discussion of our
relations with France.   When the proper period
arrives to speak our sentiments on that interesting
topic, I may be inclined to do so; but at present
my business lies with  the honorable member
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] with the res-
olution he has offered, and with the speech he
has made; and I propose «' to join conclusions"
with  him upon several of the matters he has
brought into the discussion.   Sir, almost every-
thing connected with this subject is novel and
extraordinary.    It is true, a bill of ffreat import-
ance failed to become a law at the last session of
Congress; that is not an unusual occurrence.   It
happens at the close of every Congress that bills
fail of being finally passed.   It happened at the
last Congress in relation to several, which, if not
of eqxial importance with the fortification bill
were yet of very great consequence to the coun-
try.    It would have happened to others also, if
that making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic service had not been converted into
an omnibus, to take up all the wayfirring and the
tardy. And yet, often as this has occurred it
has never before been thought a fit occasion for
Executive interference, nor for investigation by a
subsequent Congress. The movement in relation
to it is altogether unprecedented, and the purposes
to be gained do not lie very deeply concealed.
Where it originated I know not, but the occasion
seems to be seized upon as a very fitting one to
throw an additional responsibility upon one
branch of the Government, in relation to which
the feelings of the President have not, I believe
been much disguised.
It is, in my judgment, very extraordinary that
the President should have regarded it his duty to
introduce this subject into his message in the
terms he has used. His duty lies with such bills
as Congress send to him for approval, and with
those only. He can have no jusf interference with
the legislation of Congress; and upon what ground
does it stand that he can inspect the journals of
the House, examine the unfinished business, and
undertake to arraign before the country, or before
their successors, either or both Houses for neg-
lect of duty? What proper object, connected
with the administration of the Government, is to
be promoted by it ? What purpose is to be gained ?
Was it to bring the weight of the Executive arm
to bear upon the independence of that branch of
the Legislature which it is known he does not
regard with very especial favor? Whether such an
object be a fit one for the Chief Magistrate of the
nation to pursue, I leave for others'considera-
tion. And if the reference to this subject in the
message was strange and extraordinary, the intro-
duction of it to the House is no less so. An in-
quiry into the doings or the omissions of a pre-
ceding Legislature ! For what purpose? To what
end ? If we may do so in regard to one Congress,
why may we not as to all which have preceded us?
If we may vindicate the reputation on the one
hand, or impugn the motives on the other, of the
last legislative body which assembled here, and
it be an object worthy to engage our attention,
where will our labors of that description proba-
bly terminate ? Far better for the country will it
be that we now perform our own duties, than to
employ ourselves in the vain inquiry why our
Eredecessors did not perform theirs. The mem-
er from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] manifested
unusual indignation in reference to the message
sent by the Senate on the last night of the ses-
sion, reminding the House of the report of con-
ferees upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses respecting the fortification bill; he found
no precedent for such a proceeding. He had ex-
amined the journals of Congress from the organ-
ization of the Federal Government, and of the
British Parliament for I know not how many cen-
turies; and he called upon the Speaker, all the
members of the House, old and young, to say
whether they had ever heard of such an indignity
offered by one branch of a legislative body to the
other ? Allow me, sir, to inquire of the honora-
ble member if, in the course of his very profitable
and interesting researches, he discovered a prece-
dent for such a resolution as he has now offered ?
If not, I presume, upon reflection, he will not con-
sider the want of a precedent merely so entirely ob-
jectionable as he seemed to regard it. His reso-
lution, like the message he reprobates, will stand
alone—unprecedented in the past, and, I trust,
unsupported by anything in the future.
But, sir, most extraordinary of all, most un-
expected, were the speech of the honorable mem-
ber and the objects avowed to be sought by the
proposed inquiry. " To restore harmony between
the Houses!" Such was the declared purpose.
What an adaptation of means to ends ! To re-
store harmony, to promote a good understanding
by charging, in the bitterest terms, gross derelic-
tion of duty upon the Senate, and individual mem-
bers of it with little short of treason. Such were
the pacific means which the honorable member
deemed suitable to employ " to restore harmony.'
Early in his remarks the gentleman found himself
transgressing a rule well understood, and hitherto
generally observed; a rule whose purpose is to
preserve harmony—which interdicts any allusion
in one branch to what has been said or done in
