1836]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
545
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Failure of Fortification Bill—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
wh.tt he had said before; but at least he explained |
and modified. As to the policy of the Senate,
"the do-nothing policy," what did he say?
Having requested permission to explain, and
having stated the circumstances under winch he
had charged the Senate with dodging the ques-
tion, lie proceeded:
"Tlia" otpliuatiou he now wished to make, publicly,
disclaiming ill ritenti m of anythmi di-rc-pcctiul to the
Senate, lie disclaimed it in the neKt explicit milliner; and
had the debate proeerded. it had been Ins intention, ulti-
tn.ue.i'.ta i tt'jfiifrtcii ' t'iat thes imc course shoiddbe tjken by
I',.- JÍJ:<f. He should have rcconiiiiendcd t > the House to
•¡'n!;e lite yue-fuii' tor the proem, in the e\i*tmg state of
our inforination. He thought the Senate hr.d acted ai was
their tiutu to do : and the conclusion to irhich thn/ had unan-
imous'>j arrived \v.vs t!ie conclusion which he c-tiould have
been deMroiis that the llou.-e should adopt. But tile Senate
A.iti acta!; they li.it! not gouc to sleep on the state of our
relations with Franco."
So much, sir, for that part of the gentleman's
remarks which goes to assign motives for the
proceedings of the Senate, founded upon their
reprehensible policy; and further I deem it un-
necessary to reply.
The srentlemsn had spoken of " the imminent
danger of war" which impended overthe country
at the close of the last session, and which he
thinks justified and required contingent prepara-
tions for defense. " Imminent danger of war!"
Was that indeed the condition of our affairs ?
Was it so understood? Did the gentleman him-
self consider it in that light? The only real dan-
ger of war which I perceived grew out of this
very appropriation of three millions. If the power
which this grant of money would have vested in
the President had been conferred, I am by no
means sure that we should not, at this very-
moment, have been in the midst of a war. But,
sir, what did we think at that time upon this
subject? Let me refer again to the remarks of
the honorable gentleman, on the 14th February:
'• But, ii conclusion, Mr. A. wished to give notice (if
such a notice could be necessary) to all merchants of the
United States, that there was noi the slightest danger; that
anything which might, by possibility, lead to war, should
preved from that House, or from the other branch of the
Len-lature. He now said, upon his responsibility to the
nation, that there was no danger of anything being done by
either House which might, by possibility, lead to war with
France."
Now, sir, in such a state of things one would
hardly suppose that the danger of war was very
imminent. How was it at a still later period?
The third resolution moved by the gentleman on
the 27th of February doubtless expressed his own
opinion at thai time, which was, " that no legis-
lative measure of a hostile character or tendency
towards the Frciuhnation is necessary or expedient
at this time.
I have already said that the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs was made the same
day. It became immediately a question what
disposition should be made of the third resolution,
which had in view " contingent preparations for
defense?" The particular means of providing
"contingent preparations," which the committee
had in contemplation, we shall discover by re-
ferring to their report.    It is in these words:
"The bill now before the House authorizing the sale of
our stock in the Bank of the United States, would, if
adopted, afford all the revenue necessary. The committee
is of opinion that the whole or a part of the fund to be
derived from this source should be appropriated for the
purpose of arming our fortifications, and for making other
military and naval preparations for the defense of the
country, in case such expenditures should become neces-
sary before the next meeting of Congress."
A strong solicitude was manifested, and an
effort made on the part of certain gentlemen, to
adopt that third resolution forthwith; so that the
bill for the sale of the bank stock might immedi-
ately be passed, it being the last day on which
bills could be sent from one House to the other.
The friends of " contingent preparations" and
warlike measures urged speedy action. The effort
on the other hand was to discuss that resolution
in a Committee of the Whole House, where we
knew latitude of debate could be secured, and
where the previous question could not be applied.
The gentleman from Massachusetts was with us
on that occasion. Headvocated themotion made
by a highly distinguished member from Virginia,
[Mr. Archer,] to commit the resolution to the
Committee of the Whole. He said " it was the
only constitutional course." "The resolution pro-
posed to spend the money of the nation; but its
No. 35
reference to the Committee of the Whole on the l|
state of the Union was objected to, because if it ¡!
went there, the House could not be bound to pass
it by the previous question. It was, in effect, a
proposition to tax the people; to take seven mil-
lions of their money and appropriate it to certain
purposes." "He now discovered that war with
France was to be connected with the war upon
the bank The two wars were to be united, each
supporting tha other." "Is this a proceeding
touching an appropriation of money, or not? It
was certainly a proceeding by which seven mil-
lions of the public money was to be taken and
expended in a windmill war against France, in
favor of which, he thanked God, there had yet
been no expression of opinion on the part of this
House." " It was now for the first time disclosed
that these two wars were to be blended together—
the war with France and the war with the bank;
one was to carry the other, if either was too
heavy to sustain itself." Yes, sir, the war with
the bank found favor in the House; it was popu-
lar. It was to carry the heavy load of the war
with France. So thought the member at that
time. Other gentlemen spoke also. The then
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Aleans
[Mr. Polk] said, "The third resolution of the
committee should be acted on forthwith, to the
end that the bill to sell the stock should be acted
on to-day. He suggested the propriety of acting
on the resolution forthwith. To commit the subject
teas to bury it." Certainly it was. That was pre-
cisely what he desired to do. The gentleman
from Massachusetts was with us. He desired no
preparations for "a windmill war;" a Cluixotic
expedition to be sure it was, in which at one time
we had strong fears that the member from Mas-
sachusetts was to act the subordinate part. Well,
sir, we succeeded. The resolution was buried.
The war was defeated, as well that against the
bank as that against France. In all the debate,
the honorable gentleman made no allusion to any
other means of defense or preparation. His object
was directed not to the particular mode of sup-
plying the means then recommended, but it went
to the whole matter of hostile measures. The
tear itself was held up to ridicule, and justly held
up. And yet, sir, it is now said we were then in
" itnrmneni danger." On the following day (28th
February) the gentleman again spoke to the ques-
tions growing out of our French relations. He
expressed his regret that orders had been given
Mr. Livingston to leave Paris, in the event of the
rejection of the bill of indemnity by the French
Chambers. Such a course, "according to the
usage of nations, might be construed into an act
of hostility."
Mr. ADAMS. That was a sufficient reason,
then, for the appropriation of three millions.
Mr. EVANS. Unfortunately, sir, no such
reason was then assigned or thought of. But
that is not what I am considering. I am show-
ing, sir, that the honorable member did not, from
any cause, at the close of the last session consider
the danger so imminent as to require preparations
for defense; for, immediately following the ex-
Eression of his disapprobation of the recall of Mr.
livingston, he proceeds:
"We should therefore be left defenseless all over the
ocean for many months—at least until Congress could be
convened, and take measures for the defense uf the coun-
try."
Now, sir, although the gentleman spoke with
much earnestness, and at some length, disapprov-
ing this step of the President, and expressing his
opinion that, by possibility, it might lead to hos-
tilities, he nowhere gave the slightest indication
of a wish that Congress should provide for such
j an  emergency;  on the contrary, he distinctly
| avowed the opinion that nothing would be done
"until Congress could be convened."     Three days
i only before the termination of that session, when
[' the whole subject of our French affairs was be-
1   fore us, was discussed, and was understood in
¡ all its aspects, did the honorable member antici-
pate any necessity for such an appropriation as
!   was subsequently made?    Did he recommend it,
or advise it?   No, sir.    I submit, then, whether
!   the danger was so imminent, the emergency so
I   pressing, the   necessity so overshadowing   and
! t irresistible, as to have required that appropriation
II  in the objectionable form it was proposed ? But,
sir, it has been said that the constitutional objec-
tions of the Senate finally " melted down to a
mere question of dollars and cents"—whether the
appropriation should be three millions or eight
hundred thousand dollars. Is it posñble that the
honorable member does not perceive the true
ground upon which these objections stood? Has
the intellectual acumen for which he has been
distinguished become so utterly blunted under
the influence of feelings and passions which he
seems to cherish? Nothing is plainer to the most
obtuse understanding than the difference between
the appropriation of three millions as it passed
the House and the proposition agreed upon by
the conferees to reduce it to eight hundred thou-
sand dollars, which, doubtless, would have re-
ceived the sanction of the Senate. It is not in tho
amount, but in the form of the appropriation. In
the one case it was indefinite, loose, limited to no
specific objects, undefined as to purpose. This
was the objection. In the other case it was a
proposition for a precise, defined, limited appropri-
ation, in the usual form, and for ordinary pur-
poses—"three hundred thousand dolíais for
arming the fortifications of the country; five hundred
thousand dollars for the repair and equipment of
ships-of-war. " The purpose is clearly expressed—
the object declared. Now, sir, does not the gen-
tleman perceive the wide difference between these
forms of appropriation ? I? he so blind as not to
see that the constitutional objections which lay
in the one case did not apply to the other? And
will he then say that it all " melted down to a
question of dollars and cents?" Sir, I put it to
his candor, I put it to his sense of justice, to
answer.
Much indignation has been expressed by the
honorable member [Mr. Adams] at the charge he
supposes to have been made by the "personified
sentiment," in the columns of the National Intel-
ligencer, against the last House of Representa-
tives, of " man-worship" and subserviency to Ex-
ecutive dictation. Whether such a charge be well
or ill founded, I shall not discuss. I wish only
to produce some authority upon which it may be
maintained—an authority having weight in cer-
tain quarters, and possibly which may be of some
consideration with the gentleman himself—it is
the authority of his own assertions and opinions.
In the debate I have already referred to, (of the
27th February,) the gentleman expressed himself
in these terms:
" In the first place.it was evident the question was tobe
managed on path/ grounds. The supporters of the Admin-
istration were alone to be heard on the subject, and what
' they proposed was to be carried. The minority ivas to hare
no right to say anything but' yea' or ' nay' to the proposi-
tions of the leaders of the majority." " The bugle horn of
the party will be sounded, and its friends will be told that
they ra -t pass the bill ui oriier to support the administra-
tion. When all the liege men of the Jldministration have
answered to their names, as they ought, according to the
politics and morals of the party, the question will be put,
and the bill passed."
Now, sir, these are not charges, in so many
words, of " m<m-icors/iip," but they are so in sub-
stance and spirit. They are precisely that same
subserviency which has been elsewhere denomin-
ated "man worship;" and, for anything I know,
that same charge which he reprobates so severely
was founded on his own description of a portion
of the last House. It may suit the purposes of
the gentleman now to profess a high respect, as
he has done, for those he then denominated " liege
men"—rallying at the blast of the bugle—follow-
ing submissively the dictation of party leaders,
' and doing as they were bid, " in order to support
the Jldministration. If " man-worship" can go fur-
: ther than this description, I am at a loss to know
how to define it.
Mr. Speaker, I have said I would not discuss
the question whether the Senate ought or ought
not to have concurred in the appropriation of
three millions. A word or two only is all I de-
sign to say. I voted against it in the House,
and I have no wish to retract the vote; not be-
cause I was unwilling then, or am unwilling now,
to appropriate money largely, amply, to put the
country in a state of entire defense; I desire it
of all things; but because I perceived, as I thought,
something beside the defense of the country lurk-
ing under that plausible pretext; means of aggres-
sion, opportunities of exciting collision, and of
kindling up in the public mind warlike disposi-
