546
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Failure of Fortificatinn Bill—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
lions, were feared to be enveloped within it.   Sir,
I desire as much as any man to defend the coun-
try.   Since I have filled a seat here I have voted,
I hazard little in saying, unifoimly voted, for the
largest suras which ha\e been pioposed for the
military and naval service.    I well recollect the
efforts of a distinguished member from   South
Carolina, [Mr. Drayton,] foimerly at the head
of the Commiitee on Military Affairs, to increase
the annual expend'tures foi fortifications; I voted
with him fiom year to year, in common with my
friends who aie now charged with  having left
the country defenseless.    We thought it sound
policy, in a time of peace, to prepare for those
emergencies which every nation may at some
day or other rersonably anticipate.    Peace is a
blessing which no country can assure to itself
for a long period of years to come.    By whom,
sir, was that prudent forecast thwarted and de-
feated '   By the party which now claims the exclu-
sive merit of putting the country in a posture of
defense, by a midnight vote of three millions on
the eve of hostilities!    Sir, we did not believe in
the potency of midnight appropriations for next
day's security.    The watchwords of the paity
were " economy," " retrenchment," " saving of
the public money;" and we saw the extraordi-
nary spectacle of a Government boasting not how
much it had done, but how little for the benefit
of the country; not how much it had expended for
the public good, buthownnuch it had hoarded up
in the coffers of the Treasury.    It pointed to no
impregnable muniments of defense; to no works
of wide-spread and lasting improvement, as tes-
timony of its watchfulness and protection of
national interests and welfare, but to a miserable
array of figures annually displayed for the grati-
fication and laudation of all the faithful, showing
only with what a miserly grasp it could hold on   |
to the public treasure, and all the while, amid h
the loudest boast of íetrenchment, the  annual ,'
expenditures were largely increasing.   Sir, I am   (
glad to see, at last, something proposed in the
way of defense—glad to see something doing
among others for the State to which I belong.
Some two or three years ago I moved in this
matter, and endeavored to call the attention of the
War Department to us exposed and defenseless
condition. I received no encouragement or coun-
tenance, and I have never seen the time when I
could have proposed, under favorable auspices, I
any measure of defense for that exposed frontier.
Now, sir, as to the propriety of large and unusual
appropriations at this time for naval and military
service—appropriations which  would   not  be
thought expedient but for the aspect of our foi-
eign relations—we are placed in an attitude by
no means free fiom embarrassment.    If there be
really a danger of war; if hostilities are, in any
degree, probable, and likely to ensue, I will go
as far as the foremost in providing the means of
defense and security. But if, as we are repeatedly
assured, the prospect of a speedy and pacific ad-
justment of our difficulties grows brighter daily,
for one I am not disposed to nurse and feed a
warlike passion; to encourage, what I gieatly
fear needs to be restrained, a desire elsewhere to
terminate by an appeal to arms these needless ]
differences.    Sufficient, however, to meet these
questions when the period for their consideration
arrives.
I come now, Mr. Speaker, to the question pre-
sented in the resolution—" the cause and circum-
stances" of the failure, at the last session, of the
bill making the ordinary appropriations for forti-
fications. How did it happen? By whose means'
In what way ' These are questions gravely put,
and must be as gravely answered. The bill, we
all know, passed the House containing only the
*' ordinary appropriations," and in the usual course
of business was sent to the Senate. It passed that
body also, in due season, with a considerable in-
crease of ordinary appropriations, made, it is un-
derstood, upon estimates furnished by the proper
Executive Departments, and was returned to the
House a week before the close of the session. So
far, surely, the Senate cannot be justly charged
"with a disposition to defeat the bill. All its con-
trol over it had ceased, as I have already said in
another connection. Its fate was in the hands of
the House. Did it pass this branch of the Con-
gress?   How did it pass?   With the three million
appropriation, already so often adverted to, sud-
denly, not to say rashly inserted—objectionable
in point of form—uncalled for and unwanted, so
far as we had any information by the Executive.
Does anybody doubt that, but for this amend-
ment, the bill would have passed and become a
law'   Tins was the fatal blow, of which it lin-
gered, and at last died.    The bill was returned to
the Senate, embiacing this new and, till then, un-
heard-of provision.  The Senate, under the views
which it took of us constitutional power, could
not agree to it, and the bill came back to the
House without a concurrence in the amendment.
It was in the power of the House to have waived
its amendment, and to have passed the bill.    It
chose not to do so.    The gentleman himself has
given the tiue cause of its failure.    lie voted to
recede, he  says, because he was aware if the
House pertinaciously adhered the bill would be
lost.    It did adhere, and the bill teas lost.    It
is unquestionably tiue, if the Senate  had voted
the three millions, the bill would  have passed;
and it is no less tiue, if the House had waived it,
it would have passed also.    It failed, therefore,
from a disagreement.    Pausing at this stage of
the history, I cannot but inquire, looking at the
safety of the bill merely, what was the  most rea-
sonable course to be pursued'    Which branch
could most rationally be expected,/or the success of
the bill, to recede from its position'    It will be
recollected this was a bill making ordinary ap-
propriations; the House incumbered it with an
extraordinary one.   It ran against constitutional ob-
jections—the very last to be surrendered. Could
it reasonably be expected or required of the Sen-
ate, in violation, as they believed, of their duty,
and the plain injunctions of the Constitution, to
adopt that provision '   Was it unreasonable to
expect and to lequire  of the House that the bill
in its ordinary form should be permitted to go along
unobsti ucted 1    In some considerable portions of
the bill both branches concurred.   Whynotagree,
then, and, so far as they did agree, pass the bill^
The House, and the House alone, refused to do
it.    It said to the Senate, We agree with you
that the 01 dmary fortification bill ought to pass—
the country requires it; but we will not pass it
unless you will agree to an extraordinaiy appro-
priation, which you hold to be unconstitutional
and inexpedient, and, if you refuse it, you will
be responsible for our failure to pass the oidinary
bill.    It seems to me, sir, there can hardly be two
opinions upon such a proposition      The Senate
would not agree to so unreasonable a demand.
But whit did it do'   It agreed, for the purpose
of securing the passage of the bill, to meet the
House upon some middle ground.    A compro-
mise was effected by conferees appointed by each
body.   The Senate waited and waited, as we have
seen, to adopt and carry this compromise into
effect.    The House neglected or refused to do so,
and thereby the bill wa* lost.   Can there be a doubt
in which branch it failed, and by whose means it
was lost'
But it is contended that before this arrangement
was effected, the House was dissolved—its con-
stitutional functions ceased—and, for that reason,
it could not adopt the compromise recommended
by the confeiees. Suppose it had been so; are
the Senate therefore responsible for the failure of
the bill' But it was not so. I agree entirely in
my recollections with the honorable member from
Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,] who has just spoken,
and with my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Reed.] There was time, after the report had been
agreed upon, and before twelve o'clock, to have
made it to the House, and procured Us adoption.
The conferees did return, as the gentleman says,
before the Cumbeiland road bill was put upon its
passage; and it is agreed, on all hands, that the
midnight hour arrived while the yeas and nays
were being called on that bill. In this I am con-
fident I cannot be mistaken. Why, then, it may
be inquired, was not the report made' Why did
not the bill pass' I cannot pretend to answer.
But this I will say: that I discovered, early in'
the stages of disagieement, as I thought, a willing-
ness to permit the bill to be lost; I do not say with
a view to throw the responsibility of it upon the
Senate; but with a distinct avowal that its loss
would be justly chargeable to that quarter. As
early as nine or ten o'clock in the evening, when
the first notice was received from the Senate of its
disagreement to the appropriation, on a motion
to recede, the member from New Yoik [Mr. Cam-
breleng] said, " he hoped the House tcouM not
recede. If the Senate had talen the 1 esponsibility of
defeating the appropriation, it might remain with
them. He would take no partof it " Tlnswas
the fist intimation that the responsibility must be
cast upon the Senate. Others took the same view,
and spoke with warmth, to say the least of it.
The House did not recede; and the bill again went
its oft-traveled path to the Senate. In a short
period, between ten and eleven o'clock, accord-
ing to my recollection, it came back, with a mes-
sage that the Senate adhered to its disagreement
to our appropriation. What occurred then, sir?
A very strong and decided disposition was ex-
pressed by leading gentlemen that the House
should adhere also, and thereby cut off all oppor-
tunity of passing the bill, and every means of
compromise. The only other alternative was,
by asking a conference; and by that mode the
bill might even then be saved. The member from
New York [Mr. Cambreleng] moved "/o<uZ/iere;"
in other words, to destroy thebill beyond the power
of revival. An honorable memberfrom Virginia
[Mr. Mercer] moved " to recede;" thereby pre-
serving the power to pass the bill. An honora-
ble member from Tennessee, the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Polk,]
said " the motion to adheie hadpriouty to the other;"
undoubtedly signifying thereby his desire that the
motion should prevail—that the bill should be
lost. An honorable member from Ohio, [Mr.
Lytle,] who had no hesitation to speak freely
and fearlessly on all occasions, as he did elo-
quently, his opinions, addressed the House in
these words: "He objected entirely to any con-
ciliatory proposition. The House had gone as far
as prudence and patnotism would justify them
in going to conciliate the Senate. The only ques-
tion was, Where the responsibility of the loss of the
bill should lodge ? Let the other body take the
íesponsibility of defeating it"—the appropriation
of three millions. He conjured the House not
to depart from the stand it had assumed; declared
it would be pusillanimous to do so; and urgently
and eloquently rallied his fuends to stand film
upon that question.
Now, sir, I can readily perceive in these pro-
ceedings a strong solicitude, and determination
too, to hold the Senate responsible for the loss of
the bill; but I look in vain for evidence of any
anxiety to save the ordinary appropriations for
fortifications. They weie, appaiently, very read-
ily given up, for the other object, which was pos-
sibly regarded a much greater one, of prostrating
the Senate. The majority of the House, how-
ever, did not sustain the motion to adhere, but
adopted the wiser course of requesting a confer-
ence. It was seen that the majority which passed
the appropriation was giving way. It passed at
first by a majority of thiity-two. It was insist-
ed on, in the next vote, by a majority reduced
to twenty-three; a third vote reduced it to nine-
teen; and if another vote had been allowed to be
taken I doubt not the whole amendment would
have been abandoned rather than the bill should
fail. Another vote upon it was not permitted
from that hour to the present. The conferees
were appointed, and, I have already said, re-
turned to this Hall in season to have reported
before twelve o'clock. The compromise which
they had agreed to recommend was immediately
known to the members, and privately discussed.
There was but one voice, so far as I heard, in
the House, and that was in favor of its adoption.
We were anxiously waiting, from moment to
moment, for the report to be made; when, sud-
denly, as by an electric shock, a thrill was sent
through this House, agitating and moving the
countenances and voices of members; little squads
were collected here and there, and all at once we
heard it echoed and reechoed on all sides that the
report could not be made; the bill must fail, and
the responsibility would rest upon the Senate.
From what quarter this came, by whose agency
brought about, I do not pretend to say; I do not
know. But it was familiarly spoken of at the
time, that a certain high personage, in accord-
ance with whose views, it now appeals, the thiee
millions were voted, upon being apprised of the
