1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
54th Cong....1st Sess.
Failure of Fortification Bill—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
result of the conference, manifested exceeding '
irdigr.ation that his fjit hi til commons should sue- .
r;i.i',:> in anv degiee to "the factious Senate."
K.r.lu r would he lose the bill altogether, and they
\\"u!d be held responsible for it. This, orsome-
tbnii \><!\- like it, was soon known in this Hall:
ami i: \ws also known that the President had
closed, or «as about to close, his official relations
with Congress; as constitutional functions, in
his judgment, having ceased. Certain it 's, that
the report of the conferees was net offered by the
chairman, [Mr. Cambrelkxu,] and, when called
upon for it, he declined to produce it, upon the
ground that the existence of the House had
ceased, and, also, that «quorum was not present.
The report was then o tie red by another member
of the committee, [Mr. Lewis,] the third [Mr.
Hibbard] having very suddenly disappeared
from the House, although he had previously ex-
pressed considerable anxiety for the passage of
the bill.
1 shall not discuss  the question whether the
powers of Congress terminate or not at twelve
o'clock at night on the 3d day of March, in every
alternate   year.    I   thought  otherwise,   and   re-
mained, and  was willing to remain,  after that
hour, to transact the business of the nation.    It
is true, we  found  it difficult, very difficult, to
obtain a quorum within the bar of the House.
Sull we did so, whenever one was wanted by
certain leading gentlemen.    Just before the ad-
journment, and long after the  "conscientious
scruples"ofgentlemen began to operate,a motion
was  made  by a  member  from Virginia   [Mr.
Masok] to take up the resolution making com-
pensation to Mr. Letcher, a member of the House.
A quorum was present, and the motion prevailed.
A motion was made to strike out the preamble.
A quorum was present, and that also prevailed.
The precise question  then  pending was upon
an amendment providing compensation also to
Thomas P. Moore, who had contested, unsuc-
cessfully, Mr. Letcher's seat. The previous ques-
tion was moved, and carried—a quorum present
and voting—one hundred and thirty-four in all.
The amendment was thus cut off, and the resolu-
tion was likelv to pass without providing com-
pensation to Mr. Moore.    Instantly the quorum
was broken up; twenty-one vanished, as in the
twinkling of an eye, and but one hundred and
thirteen were found voting.  A much larger num-
ber were about these walls, and  lobbies, and
avenues; but they could not be had when a vote
was to  be taken.    Who the individuals were,
thus appearing  and  disappearing, as  occasion
might require, I have made no examination of
the Journal to discover.    I seek not to know.
This, however, I will say, they were not of that
minority  which  resisted   the  appropriation  of
$3,000,000; who we reanxious to pass theordinary
fortification bill; who desired  rather to defend
the country than to heap responsibility upon the J
Senate.    Undoubtedly there were some who en- !
tertained sincere and deep-founded convictions
that the constitutional powers of Congress termin-
ated at midnight.    Not more, I think, however,
than four or five assigned that reason for not
voting.     It was a perfectly satisfactory and an
honorable reason for those who sincerely held
that opinion.    An honorable and valuable mem-
ber from Georgia, [Mr. Gilmer,] of as upright
intentions, as pure a heart, and as brilliant an
intellect, as any man who sits within these walls,
entertained that conviction.    And what did he
do?   Departed, says the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, at that door, through which he never
again returned.    He did so; and honorable was
it to him that he did so.    Enjoying and acting
upon his own constitutional opinions, in which
no man was more sincere, though I often differed
with him, he left others to enjoy and act upon
theirs, and to perform their constitutional duties
according to their own judgments.   Did he remain
within these walls to offer vexatious motions; to
defeat business; to create confusion; to make and
unmake a quorum, as occasion, and for purposes
I will not name, should require?    By no means.
And if nil who declined to vote upon the ground
of constitutional scruples had followed his ex-
ample, there would have been higher reasons for
holding their opinions in respect.    Sir, if a quo-
rum ol that House could have been formed for hve
minutes only, after the report of conferees was
made, it would instantly have been adopted. The
bill would have passed the House, and the Senate
also; and if it then failed to become a law, the
responsibility would have rested else where—upon
one who professes never to shun responsibility.
It was well understood that the President had
left the Capitol, declaring (I will not say with an
oath) that he would hold no further communica-
tion with that Congress. The disorder and con-
fusion which I have described prevailed; and,
whether designed for that end or not, did defeat
the bill. The honorable Speaker, [Mr. Bell,]
who presided with so much dignity, firmness,
and impartiality during the period he filled the
chair, did what human means could do, in pre-
serving order and promoting the despatch of
business on that trying night. He deserves high
credit for the ability he displayed in that station.
Various motions to adjourn were made by those
who seemed willing to defeat the bill, and who
possibly feared that it would pass if the House
continued longer in session. That the bill was
defeated here, and by these means, was openly
charged upon this floor at the time by many
members. A motion having been made " that a
message be sent to the Senate to notify that body
that this House, having completed the business before
it, is now ready to close the present session by
adjournment," the honorable member from New
Jersey, [Mr. Parker,] near me, who is a friend to
the Administration, but who was not, therefore,
quite ready to abandon the bill, inquired, " Did
the gentlemen who formed the committee of con-
ference on the part of the House mean to report
or not?"    Again:
'• How can ire pretend to say that we have completed the
business before us ? And bow can we adjourn without pass-
ing the fortification lull ? This House had passed the bill.
The Senate made a largo addition. The House had milled
another appropriation. The Senate disagreed ton. A com-
mittee of conference had been appointed, and that com
rnittcc had refused to report to this House. Shall ire go
away and leave this bill at a time when there is an appre-
hension of war?"
This is a summary, and a true one, of the
whole matter. The gentleman was entirely right.
Have tee completed the business? cantee adjourn
without passing the bill ? can we go away and
leave the bill? were all pertinent questions, and
pregnant questions, founded in facts before us,
and to which we could notclose our senses. The
honorable member, however, was mistaken in
one respect—that the committee had refused to re-
port. The cluúrman, it is true, had refused; an-
other member was among the missing; and the
report was made by the third member, [Mr.
Lewis,] and was so stated by the Chair imme-
diately after the gentleman had closed his remarks.
My honorable friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Reed,] anxious for the passage of that bill, also
addressed the House in these words:
" The committee of conference had agreed upon a report,
and, as a Quorum vas undoubtedly present, it ought to be
acted upon. He was opposed to the adjournment, because
the House had not yet done its duty. The pro losed amend-
ment declared what is not fact. There is a quorum pres-
ent."
And how was he answered, sir? By loud calls
of " order!"" order I"" order!" vociferated frofn
all quarters of the room, and by those who had
been foremost in the scenes of disorder and up-
roar which defeated, if they were not designed to
defeat, the fortifications. The fact that a quorum
was present was no otherwise controverted than
by clamorous demands for " order." We then
designed to put that question to a test, and to
ascertain whether or not a quorom was present,
and, if not, to compel the attendance of members.
Accordingly, a motion was made for n call of the
House. Who resisted it ? Who gave the signal
and the watchword to the party which was de-
termined to destroy the bill?   I read from the
! reported proceedings:
i " Mr. Cambreleko. J protest againtt the right to call
the House. What member will answer to his name.' [1
will! I will! exclaimed many members.] I am as much in
favor of the fortification bill as the gentleman from New
Jersey ; but I say the responsibility of its failure rests upon
the Senate, and not upon us. The bill was defeated by the
Senate." [No, no; not so, was exclaimed by many voices.]
I After such a direct warning from such a quar-
ter, is it to be wondered at that a quorum could
I not be found?  An honorable member from North
I Carolina, [Mr. Bawungek,] faithful to rus duty,
and observant of all that occurred here, had no
hesitation in expressly charging the loss of the
bill to an intrigue carried on in the House, and
he offered the names of the individuals concerned
in it. If we may have any access to the ear of
the select committee who may lie appointed to
investigate this grave affair, I pray the honorable
member from Massachusetts to call upon this
gentleman to testify.    Mr. Barringer said:
" The bill vas defeated by an intrigue here—in this House.
If gentlemen desired namei, he would give them. But if
this was declined, he would say that there were members
who now sat m their seats and would not ansu-er to their
names—who did so in consummation of the intrigue."
Names were not demanded! They might have
been had. Amid these scenes of disorder and
confusion, which we of the minority vainly strove
to repress, passed the last night of the last session
of the last Congress; and, for the honor of the
country and its institutions, I hope such another
may never be witnessed. And, in the midst of
these scenes, the fortification bill drew its last
breath, and heaved its expiring throes. That it
was destroyed in the House, and for purposes
known to those who had an agency in the pro-
ceedings of that night, it seems to me no rational
mind can doubt. Examine as we will, investi-
gate as we will, vituperate as we will, these plain
facts stand out; and no sophistry can elude, no
ingenuity pervert them. Sir, I have done upon
this matter.    I have but another topic to touch.
The honorable member, with a precision of
aim which leaves nothing of doubt as to whom
his shafts were sped, and whom he describes as
" the Achilles" of the Senate, essays to bring
down from his high standing one representing
his own Commonwealth with unsurpassed abil-
ity in the other branch of the Legislature. The
attack was little to have been expected from that
quarter. A scene of disgraceful disorder, such
as the Speaker says he had never witnessed in
ten years' experience here, doubtless gratified
the cherished feelings of the member into the
delusive fancy of a triumph worthy his achieve-
ment. Sir, I shall not attempt encomiums upon
that distinguished statesman. It is unnecessary
for me—it cannot be required of any man—to
come forward in his defense. His character, hia
services, his actions, his opinions, the efforts of
his transcendent powers, are before the world.
They speak out for him in a voice that cannot bo
silenced. They stand forth in full view, and no
man can obscure or blot them from the history
[ of this country. It has been exceedingly painful
to me to take a part, and especially the parti
have taken, in this debate. Recollections of the
past are thronging in my mind, and weigh me
down in sadness, almost in silence. Gladly
would I have been spared this day. But, sir,
when those whom I hold in honor and respect—
whom the country holds high in its estimation—
are made the objects of attack such as we have
witnessed, I should miserably fail in my own
sense of duty were I to sit in silence. The day
has not long gone by since I saw those who now
give sanction to this attack, and the party to
which they belong, gladly, ay, anxiously, seek-
ing the aid of the powerful arm of that great
champion and defender of the Constitution—since
I saw this Administration, reeling and tottering
as it did under the tremendous blows of men of
| giant strength from the chivalric region of the
South, beseeching the unfailing support of that
same undaunted hand. I refer to no preceding
Administrations which leaned, and leaned with
confidence upon him, as upon a pillar of immov-
able strength; but I wish to tell the honorable
! memberfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] that
not one of the friends who now rally round the
object of his attack will falter in his course. Not
one will be shaken in hia confidence and attach-
ment. We shall stand by him let who will de-
sert, let who will vituperate.
But, after all, sir, how little is there, upon
merely personal considerations and preferences,
! to justify the feelings of anxiety which we can-
I not repress, for the advancement of any man,
1 however able, however estimable.    We are ad-
monished of the frailty of human attachmenta
and human hopes.    How wise is it that the fu-
ture is hid from our view; that we cannot lift the
veil which shuts out from our observation the
