548
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Navy Appropriations—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
end of our own best and wisest exertions ' Much
__how  mu'h'—of our ardor might be abated,
how might our aims be paialvzod, if we could
look bevond the pnsent houi,and behold the
fulfilment vv Inch the lu'ure holds m stoit ' If,
&u,Icould i ise this impendíanle ci rtun, and
¡ook loiwuid to the futuie as I can 1 ok back
u(ion the past, aie'ciiuy as I dtsne, ior the good
ot oiu common cnuntiy and tor his own fame,
and much as I uoulu now do to piomote tin
elevation of that distinguished statesman to the
highest places of powei, evciy desne might fail,
every effort cease. \cs, sn, if I should see him
descending fiom that lofty eminence, soured, dis-
appointed, vindictive—foigetful of his own char-
acter, and of the fuends who had stood by him
in the hour of need, it I should see the infirmities
of our nature—the lower and bastr passions—
mastering and expelling all the noble and gen-
erous pioperties which I know belong to his
heait; if 1 should see him betraying and aban-
doning the cause which he now upholds, making
his fuends to hang their heads in veiy shame and
confusion, I do not say, sir, that I would piay
Heaven to blast all our efforts in the cause ot our
country, but rather would I see his sun go down
now, even from its high noon, so that it leave us
a glorious light to cheer,and animate, and guide,
and to which we could turn out eyes with high
and heait-sturing pride; rather would I see this,
than to behold him putting off the mighty armor
of Achilles, which no man can wear, to act At?
perjured part who by fraud leveled the proud
walls of Troy to the dust, rather this, far rather,
than to see him lingering on the stage of polit-
ical action, behind his time—" the derision of his
enemies, the melancholy pity of his friends."
NAVY APPROPRIATIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. GEORGE EVANS,
OP MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
March 15, 1836.
The bill making appropriations for the naval service being
under consideration in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, the Chairman stated that the question
then pending wa- upon the motion of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr Bell,] to reduce the amount proposed m
the bill for improvement and necessary repairs of the navy-
jard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, from $67,000 to
$33,503.
Mr. EVANS said he was aware that the imme-
diate question under discussion was that which
had just been propounded by the Chair; and if
that had been the only question spoken to in this
debate, he should not have troubled the commit-
tee with any remarks upon it. Occasion, how-
ever, had been taken to go somewhat at large into
the general subject of disbursements of public
money for national objects, and opinions had
been expressed as to the operation and tendency
of the revenue laws of the country, which, though
stated with great force and ability, and enter-
tained, he doubted not, with perfect sincerity,
were, nevertheless, in his judgment, entirely erro-
neous, and which, therefore, he thought deserving
some reply. I do not (said Mr. E.) complain of
the latitude of debate which has been indulged
in; because, upon great and interesting topics of
public policy, freedom of discussion ought by no
means to be restrained. I may, however, be
allowed to remark, that I do not regard the pres-
ent occasion the most suitable, under all circum-
stances, which was likely to occur for so wide
and general a debate, however important the sub-
jects which have been drawn into it; inasmuch
as bills of appropriation for larger sums and much
greater objects are soon to be brought to our
notice.
This is a bill of indispensable necessity and
urgency. It provides for the payment of the
officers and seamen of the Navy, of superintend-
ents, naval constructors, and laborers at the sev-
eral yards; for supplying provisions, medical and
hospital stores, clothing, fuel, &c, to those em-
ployed in the public service, and to whom we are
under the obligations of contract to make pay-
ment and furnish supplies in the manner pro-
posed by the bill.   It further provides " for im-
'' proiement and necessary repairs" at the various
na\y-ya,ids,foi the security,ptotoction, and pics-
ervation of the valuable piopeity which is theie
deposite 1.    It contain'?, also, appropi íations for
othei  ol>)i ets com ( cled with the naval se  vice,
deemed ot CoSi anal impoi tance, and to winch  1
do not know that objections e xist in the mind of
any one      It is, therifou, es I think, one of the
list bills which ouzht tobe delayed by an extended
discussion upon genera! subjects ot avenue end
expenditure, of nulitaiy and maritime dofinse,
and of other topics incidentally connected with
them     Eich pellicular item, undoubtedly, ought
to be we II considere d and sciutimzed, and so i ir,
certainly,  tiee and full discussion ought to be
allowed and encouiaged.   Nevutheless,as I have
said, 1 do not complain of the latitude which has
been taken, nnd shall be obliged myself to go
somewhat wide of the immediate question which
has been stated     Befoie, however, proceeding to
the main ptupose for which I have risen, I will
submit a bnef lemark oi two in refcience to some
of the items of the bill upon which gentle men have
spoken     In the main, unless I derive new inform-
ation upon the subject, I shall give my support
to the pioposed appropuations.    I do not, how-
evei, fall in nt all with sentiments, rathci thtovvn
out thin sriiously advanced, m the earlier sta¿es
of the discussion, that estimates from the execu-
tive depaitments are to be taken and adopted, and
nppiopuations made in accordance with them,
unless then fallacy can be shown by those who
object to the expenditure
Estimates from competent sources are guides,
and valuable guides, in forming our opinions,
and sometimes may be the only guides we pos-
sess; but we have committees to whose careful
and ngid scrutiny these estimates are submitted,
i and who ought to satisfy themselves, and gen-
' orally do, fiom all the sources of information
I vathin their reach, of the accuiacy of the esti-
j mate, as well as of the expediency of the measure
proposed     Every member will give to the esti-
mates submitted to us just so much credit, and
I no more, as he thinks they respectively deserve;
it is, neverthless, his unquestionable right, nay,
his imperious duty, to be fully satisfied of the
wisdom and expediency of the measuie rccom-
¡ mended, before he assents to the appropriation
of the money for its execution. It was, therefoie,
,i I hold.no unreasonable call upon the Committee
on Naval Affairs, some time ago, for minute in-
formation of the specific improvements and re-
pairs, and the necessity for them, designed to be
accomplished at the navy-yard in Portsmouth
How far that call has been satisfactorily answered,
by reference to the estimates of the Navy com-
missioners, gentlemen will, of course, determine I
for themselves.    My honoiable  colleague, the
chairman of the committee, [Mr. Jirvis,] 1 doubt
not, is prepared with the minutest infoimation
that may be desired. For myself, Mr. Chairman,
I may say that I repose as much confidence, nay,
more, in the recommendations and estimates from
that source than from any other branch of the
public service.   The Navy furnishes as much of
liberal, disinterested, and patriotic devotion to the
interests of the country, unswayed by other and
selfish consideiations, as any class of the com-
munity whatever.   The nature of the profession
itself tends to expand the mind to an enlarged
view of national policy as affected by a naval  l
establishment; and its distinguished officers   I
am sure, are above all local or selfish considera-
tions.   They are not apt to swerve from their
own conceptions of public duty, to gratify any
controlling power; nor are they seeking prefer-
ment and emolument in civil life, fawning round  ,
the doors of Executive patronage, and adopting !
such opinions as may suit the interest of others
to impose upon them.   Recommendations and  I
estimates from this source come to me, therefore,
with strong claims to my confidence; and I can
perceive nothing in the present instance to shake
that confidence.
Something was said by an honorable friend '
over the way [Mr Everett] of the expediency
of abandoning, altogether, the navy-yard now
existing at Portsmouth; and, therefore, of with-
holding any appropriation for its improvement
and repair. Others have spoken of the propriety
of reducing the number of the navy-yards by
this,
abandoning  not  only
Upon   this question   I
opinion    Many con^idoiat
its deep iiTtpoitmce foihids
tion
ence;
3
in
.  but several others,
ave  luidlv foimed an'
ions peitiii to u, and
a hasty dct"rmnn-
Mueh will be due to tin  icults of expeu-
to the judgment of nav il and  sn^m fic
men, and of those most skilled m mat'eis of this
diseupt.on.     Some gentle nun   hive  supposed
that two yai ds of eonsti in tion v\ ou'd be sufficii nt
foi all our wints      Evidently thcie oiHit not to
be so (lw that, in case of wai, anj naval forro
that the ocean beats up could effectually blockade
the whole, and that the d( struction of a single
one would be attendee! with gieit and di^a^trous
consequences.    But, sir, we aie to take thins
as we find them.    The ntvy-yanls ai° now ~
existence, established by law, and holding large
amounts of public propeity.    If there  be too
many, oi if any of them be located nt an improper
place, abolish those which are unnecessary, by
all means; but do it by a law foi that particular
purpose.  So long as they are in existence, must
we  not  pieseive   them,  impio\e  them,  repair
them'   Shvll the timber and other materials on
hand be suffered to decay, and the woiks fall m
i uins,for the want of adequate protection, because
doubts may exist in some minds whether we have
not more yaids than are necessaiy'    If it were
so in truth, the remedy is not to break down or
wear them out, by the indirect mode of with-
holding appropuations; but by a law, duly con-
sidered, having the concurrence of all branches
of Government, to reduce the number, and at the
same time to provide for the security and pres-
ervation of the property placed within them.
Inasmuch as the existing yards were established
upon mature deliberation, by those competent to
judge,  and  who   had  been   invested  with  the
power, they ought not, in my judgment, to be
abandoned but upon mature deliberation also,
and a clear conviction that they are not essential
to the interest of the country.    I would   not,
however, make laige and peimanent improve-
ments at any one, so long as a serious and well-
founded intention existed of attempting its aban-
donment, and while it might  be regarded an
unsettled question whether it should be continued
or not.  These aie some of the general principles
which seem to me proper to be regarded in coming
to a conclusion upon the vanous items of the bill
under consideration.
An objection was made in some quarter of the
House, a few days ago, to the continuance of the
navy-yard at Poitsmouth, founded on its vicinity
to that established at Charlestown, it being sup-
posed that both are not necessary within the short
space of sixty miles. If it were so, the ques-
tion would then arise, which of them ought to
be abandoned > My honorable colleague [Mr.
Smith] repelled this objection by referring to the
long extent of coast eastward of Portsmouth,
which was almost wholly without defense, and
which he thought ought to be taken into account
in computing the proper distances for naval sta-
tions. This proceeds upon the idea that a navy-
yard is a work of defense and protection—which
most clearly it is not It is lather a means of
weakness; in other words, it invites attack—it
requues to be defended, instead of furnishing de-
fense; and I imagine it will be found that appro-
priations for fortifications have been much greater
at points where navy-yards exist, from that very
circumstance, than would otherwise have been
made. A member from New Hampshire [Mr.
Cüshman] spoke the other day upon the import-
ance of retaining the present establishment at
Portsmouth, because it was a safe harbor, free
from ice in the coldest seasons, and always ac-
cessible; and he supposed a case of a national
ship returning fiom abroad in midwinter, chased
by a superior force, which might be captured or
destroyed unless it could enter a port accessible
at that inclement period. In the case put, I see
no particular reason why the vessel might notas
well seek shelter in Portsmouth harbor, were no
navy-yard there, as if there was one. No abso-
lute necessity requires a ship-of-war to enter a
port where a navy-yard is located, particularly if
the purpose be to seek protection. It may be of
convenience to do so; but the argument, carried
out, would go the length of main taming that there
should be many more navy-yards than now exist,
