1S36.1
¿4th Cong....1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Navy Appropriations—Mr. Evans.
549
Ho. of Reps.
if we are to provide for every supposable case '
of contingency or convenience. The waters of
Portsmouth harbor will be as deep and unob-
structed in winter without the yard as with it,
and will furnish as safe a retreat. I notice these
arguments, which I deem untenable, not because
I am opposed to the continuance of the navy-
yard at Portsmouth, but for the reason that I
shall hereafter have occasion to submit some ob-
servations upon what I consider the true and only
principle which ought to prevail in determining
the location of public works designed for the ben-
efit and protection of the whole country, and be-
cause, also, arguments similar to these have been
used in regard to other places, which I may also
notice before I close. A navy-yard of construc-
tion, where ships-of-war of various classes are
built and repaired, is one thing; and a naval depot,
where they may be fitted out, and perhaps slightly
repaired also, where they may enter for protection
or other purposes, is another thing. Probably
more establishments of the latter, ami fewer of the
former kind, may be found expedient; but upon
these topics I hold myself uncommitted until some
definite proposition is offered, when it will become
my duty, as well as that of others, to be pos-
sessed of all the information essential to a just
decision of it.
Mr. Chairman, dismissing,with these remarks,
the particular subjects presented in the bill under
consideration, I come to the chief purpose for
which I have risen; and that is, to notice some
of the arguments used by my honorable and elo-
quent friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Thomp-
son*,] against the system of disbursements gen-
erally, and which, in his judgment, justifies the
withholding further appropriations, until a rad-
ical change be effected in the policy hitherto
observed. I shall speak of the general scope and
spirit of his argument, rather than follow the
minute details upon which it is founded; because,
even if his calculations of past and proposed ex-
penditures be correct, they do not, in my opinion,
furnish just ground for the course he indicates,
nor a firm basis for our future policy. The hon-
orable gentleman contends, if I do not entirely
misconceive him, that the whole past policy of
the Government in regard to its disbursements,
Tías been unequal, unjust, and oppressive; draw-
ing almost its entire revenue from one section of
the Union, thereby impoverishing and exhausting
it, and pouring down its fertilizing showers upon
another, which is daily growing richer and more
verdant under its benign influences. The Gov-
ernment, he saya, visits one region only as a tax-
gatherer, levying reluctant contributions with
unrelaxing severity; while to another it goes as
a beneficent dispenser of benefits and favors.
This is an injustice which he contends no free
people ought to submit to, and which, when the
facts are understood as they will be understood,
he says they will not submit to. It is no Gov-
ernment for them; slaves to such oppression they
will not be; liberty is the greatest object of their
desire; and liberty they will have even at the
hazard of the Union. S r, I had indulged the
hojie that the period for discussion and sentiments
like uiese liad passed away, never to return; that
the clouds wilich once lowered upon us had been
dispersed, and in the " bosom of the ocean
buried " Nothing, surely, is more to be depre-
cated than discussions of a geographical and
local character. They lead to no good, they
engender much of evil feeling, and I cannot but
think we should better serve the cause of our
country by efforts to allay popular excitement,
than by fanning up the flames of discord; by >
striving to increase the confidence and the affec- '
tionof the people towards our institution of gov-
ernment, and pointing them to the blessings it
confers, than by furnishing motives and incen-
tives to disunion and disaffection, and weaken-
ing the hold which they have upon the perpe-
tuity of the Union. I presume not, however, to
judge for others. My honorable friend, I have
not the slightest doubt, entertains the opinions he
has expressed, with the most undoubting convic-
tion or their truth, and in all sincerity; certainly
he lias stated them with great fairness and ability.
Dut the mure sincerely they are cherished, and
the more ably vindicated, so much the more
dangerous do they become, and the more import-
ant is it to examine them, and to refule them, if
it may be done in the same spirit of candor and
sincerity.
The first position which has been taken is, that
the South pays a very larje proportion of all the
revenues of the country. This is founded on the
assumed fact that it produces almost the entire
amount of the exports which go in exchange for
the imported articles upon which customs are
levied. The doctrine is not new upon this floor,
although it is somewhat new to the world. It is
the discovery of our times, called out by peculiar
emergencies for a particular crisis of affairs, and,
having answered its end, had passed away, I
supposed, not to be again revived. I have heard
it maintained with transcendent ability in this
Hall, but never without being refuted. Practical
statesmen, financiers, writers on political econ-
omy, of any reputation, nowhere within my
knowledge adopt the theory which forms the basis
of the assumption. The doctrine I had thought
to be well established, that the consumer pays
the duty; that it incorporates itself with, and
forms a part of, the cost of the article upon
which it is levied. The argument upon the other
side is, that the producer—the grower of that
which goes abroad to purchase a foreign com-
modity—whether he send it or not, or whether
he receives its return or not, in reality pays the
duty upon importations. It is said that he re-
ceives for his productions just so much less by
the amount of duty than he would receive if no
duty were imposed upon the foreign importation.
It is very true, sir, that all we receive from abroad
we must pay for in productions of our own—the
fruits of our own labor upon the land or the
ocean, in the forest or the field. If my honorable
friend is the grower of a hundred dollars' worth
of cotton, which be exports to procure his sup-
plies, and I am the grower, so to speak, of a
hundred dollars' worth of money, which I send
for the same purpose, or which I pay him for an
equal amount of cotton, are we both not taxed
alike upon the return of our adventure? Has he
paid the duties upon my goods as well as upon
his own? When Government has levied its con-
tributions, have I more left than he has ? Dut it
has been said, his cotton would be worth more
abroad, would bring him larger returns, but for
the duty. Would not my money also ? We both
want articles of foreign growth, which we im-
port, and both must pay Government for the
privilege of importation. In what way we pay
the foreigner who raised or manufactured them
is not material to the question, unless it can be
shown that his productions, and not mine, are
depreciated in value abroad, by reason of the duty
payable here. Now, sir, the value abroad of the
productions of the South is not, as it seems clear
to me, affected by the revenue laws of this coun-
try. Value depends upon demand and supply;
upon the state of the market at home and abroad;
upon foreign competition. Is the cotton in the
warehouse at Charleston worth any less because
it is destined for Europe, than it would be if des-
tined for the factories of New England ? Is it
worth any less in Liverpool or Havre, because
we impose duties upon English and French fab-
rics, than similar cotton from Egypt or South
America, where no duties, or much less duties,
may be required ?
1 do not design, sir, to go into the argument of
this complicated question, which is large enough
and broad enough of itself for more time than I
intend to occupy. The honorable gentleman did
not himself argue it, although he reiterated it
many times, and in various forms of expression.
All I wish to be understood to say is, that just so
often, and with just so much of sincerity and con-
fidence as he repeated it, and in just so many
forms and modes, I deny it. It is a doctrine
which has not been, and, in my judgment, cannot
be, maintained. As to the argument, that, even
if the Northern sections, as consumers, do pay
their just proportion of the revenue derived from
customs, it is compensated and made up to ihem
in the profits derived from the protection given to
their manufactures, and that the unjust and un-
equal operation is thus continued, I have to say,
that this opens the whole question of the effect
and operation of protective laws, which is another
and a distinct question, and depends upon other
considerations. I do not understand that the gen-
tleman, or anybody dse, proposes to modify the
law regulating the tiiiiff of duties. should that
become a matter of'discussion, I think it may be
demonstrated, as it has been before, that the oper-
ation is not such as is supposed, nor to the extent
that has been attributed to it; and that the South
has no just grounds of complaint that especial
favor has been shown to the North. But I forbear
also to tread upon that ground. The occasion
does not require it. The honorable gentleman
has spoken of the public lands as a source of
revenue; and he declares that this is "a revenue
derived exclusively from the South and West;"
that it is a perpetual drain upon their resources,
exhausting and impoverishing in its effects; that
i they cannot endure this " eternal depletion," and
do not deserve to be free if they do.    Sir, I con-
' fess myself not a little surprised at this statement,
and no less so at the argument which is founded
upon it, and the remedy proposed for evils im-
agined to exist. Is it true, sir, that the South and
West are thus drained and exhausted ? Do they
furnish all the money which goes into the Treas-
ury from the sales of the public lands? Where
do they get it ? The domain, I am aware, is sit-
uated in the South and West; but do the pur-
chasers therefore belong to these regions ? Are
not the land offices open to all the citizens of the
United States? The truth undoubtedly is, that
active emigration is, and for a long time has been,
going on from the old and settled States to the
new. They furnish not only the money to buy
the land, but the men to cultivate it, and are
themselves drained, so far as this goes, in both
ways. So far from its being the fact that the
West is drained of its money, it is constantly
receiving large, very large, accessions of capital
and wealth from the older regions. Property is
continually going in search ot new investments—
is transferred every day from the cities, from the
middle and northern States, to the West, to be
there used and employed. Of the extensive pur-
chases, too, made by speculators, a share—and
I believe a considerable share—of the means is
furnished by other sections of the country. Un-
doubtedly, emigration takes place from the older
planting States of the South to newer and more
fertile lands in that section, and probably carries
away both men and money; but what then? Is
Government thereby draining and exhausting the
State? Individuals, seeking to improve their con-
dition, do and will go, and ought to go, where
their interest dictates; where they can better pro-
mote their happiness. Large fortunes have been
accumulated in the productive lands of Alabama,
Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida; and proba-
bly by emigrants from the Carolinas and Georgia.
They have purchased at a very low rate, and far
below its real value, some of the richest land the
sun shines upon. Has Government, by thus
parting with its domain, impoverished anybody?
has it been unjust or oppressive? has it inflicted
any evil, for which it ought to make restitution?
And what is the remedy contemplated for the
supposed injury? Nothing less,indeed, than that
Government shall restore the money to the re-
gions from which it has been drawn, by disburse-
ments and expenditures, to counteract the ex-
haustion said to be experienced by this process
of acquiring valuable domain for an inadequate
price. The proposition seems to be to give to
the States, in some shape, where the territory
lies, all which they have paid in procuring a
property worth much more than they pay for it.
i Indeed, sir, that is a mode of distribution I shall
I hardly be willing to agree to. Emigration is
'| going on, and will go on; capital and property
j are constantly passing and repassing; and we
have not the means, and ought not to have the
desire, to restrain its freedom.
The people ought to be left free to seek their
own comforts and welfare. If they purchase and
settle our lands, they receive a liberal sum for
the money they pay; their condition is improved,
and their wealth increased. It is a strange doc-
trine that while individuals are enriched, towns
are growing up, rivers and channels of commu-
nication are being opened, and population out'
running all calculation, the country itself ii
drained and impoverished.    No, sir, the tide of
, wealth is setting the other way.   The aspirim ,
