550
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
enterprising, and ambitious are bending their
steps westward, carrying with them property |
and skill and industry and the means of accumu-
lating wealth. But, if it were true, as the gen-
tleman contends, that the chief, almost the total
amount of the receipts into the Treasury is
derived from the South, or the South and the
West together—what then ? Whose is it ? Is it
not a common Treasury? Is it not the money
of the whole country ? Must it not be disbursed
for the common defense, the general welfare, the
public interests? The mode of raising it may be
wrong, and if so, correct it; but, having been
raised, is it not the money of the whole nation ?
Surely it is. How is it to be expended? how
used? The honorable gentleman has laid down
a principle, to which he seems to attach great
value, and which would obviate, in a considerable
degree, the oppression now experienced. It is,
that the disbursements of the public money should
be equal in the various sections of the Union.
The middle and northern States he regards as a
"favored region," wherein by far the largest
disbursements are made; while the South has had
comparatively few returns from the vast amount
it has contributed. How is this idea of equality
of disbursements to be carried out? By what
rule? According to geographical extent of"coun-
try, which at one time seemed to be uppermost
in the mind of my eloquent friend, or according
to population, to Federal numbers, or to the
amount paid by each into the Treasury? Sir,
there is but a single rule to be adopted upon this
subject. It is to make the expenditures precisely
there, and nowhere else, where the public exi-
gencies, the public interests, the public security
require them to be made. If a fortification is
wanted, it must be built where it is wanted, where
the national defense requires it to be; and not
where the rule of equality of distribution would
locate it. So of a navy-yard, a harbor, or any
other work of national importance. As to the
precise point where they should be, even upon
these principles, undoubtedly opinions would
vary; but, like all other subjects of legislation, it
must be decided by those to whom the decision
is intrusted. The duty imposed upon us by the
Constitution is to provide for the defense of the
whole country; and it can only be discharged by
securing those points where defense is required.
Are we quite sure this can be done, if we are
trammeled by the rule of equal distribution?
The gentleman seems to me to reverse the relative
order of means and objects. He regards the dis-
bursement of the money as the object to be gained,
and the construction of works of defense as only
the means of its accomplishment; whereas the
true and sole object is to provide for the defense
and welfare of the country, the expenditure of
the money being merely incidental and auxiliary.
To what extent is this rule of equality of distribu-
tion to be carried? Will you refuse to erect a
fort or to establish a navy-yard in one section,
however loudly demanded by the public interests,
unless you also make a corresponding disburse-
ment in another, where no public exigency re-
quires it? No one will contend for this. Equality
or inequality of disbursements has, in my mind,
exceedingly little weight; and, indeed, I doubt
■whether it ought to be considered at all. Show
me in what spot the public interests, the national
welfare, require an expenditure, and I stop not
to add up how much has already been expended
in that section. If enough has not been expended
to accomplish the permanent objects of national
security and welfare, more must be granted. On
the other hand, although you cannot demonstrate
that another section has received little or nothing,
yet, unless you also demonstrate that a work of
public importance is demanded by a regard to
public interest, I move not an inch to accomplish
it.
I desire, sir, as much as anybody,a system of
equal defenses, of general and common protec-
tion; but that by no means involves equality of
expenditure. Some portions of the country,
larger, and it may be more valuable also, may
possibly be protected with much smaller disburse-
ments than others of far less consequence. Shall
pot the less important be secured, because they
would thereby receive a disproportionate expend-
iture?   It is by all means desirafale to. provide a
general and comprehensive system of defense, as
well on the sea-board as on the frontier; but the
only consideration fit to be weighed is that of
public exigency. Equality of disbursements will
form no part of the motive with me. I look upon
the country as one, as a whole, and I wish to
preserve and protect it as a whole, leaving no part
exposed, and making no unnecessary defenses
merely to preserve a relative proportion in ex-
penditures of public money. With these prin-
ciples in view, I will proceed to examine some
other sentiments of the honorable member, to
ascertain how far his grounds of complaint are
tenable. He has prepared with great industry
(and I doubt not its correctness) a schedule of
the expenditures now proposed to be made in the
different sections of the country; and he objects
to them, and will retain his hold upon the Treas-
ury with a miser's grasp, because the contem-
plated disbursements do not conform to the stand-
ard of equality of disbursements. Much the
larger proportion, he says, is to be expended
North. It may be so. I have not taken the
trouble to go over the various estimates and bills
to ascertain whether it be so or not, for the plain
reason that, in my view, it is wholly immaterial.
Will the honorable gentleman point me to any
one object proposed to be accomplished at the
North, which is unnecessary—which is not de-
manded by a just regard to the public interests?
If so, I go with him against it. Will he show me
one object not provided for at the South justly
deserving attention ? I will bear him company
in support of it. But the honorable member does
not attempt this. I have heard no objections to
the works proposed in "the favored region,"
other than the inequality of disbursements. If,
then, they be unobjectionable in themselves, why
not make them? As to the objects which he
enumerates as fit to be accomplished at the South,
I must remark that the leading inducement seems
still to be equality of expenditure. Let me ex-
amine this principle a little further. A navy-
yard at Pensacola is an object which the gentle-
man urged with more zeal than any other; he
said it would require about three million dollars
to place it upon the same footing with that of
Massachusetts. Ought it, therefore, to be done?
Ought the three millions to be expended? Such
seemed to be the conclusion. Well, sir, we have
had, and may have again, vessels of war on the
lakes, and probably navy-yards also, to some
extent. Will the honorable member vote to ex-
pend three millions for a dry-dock and a navy-
yard on the shores of Lake Erie ? It will equalize
disbursements. Will he vote for it? Surely not.
I ask him, why not? His answer I can very
readily anticipate; because we shall never have
occasion for such an establishment there; no
public exigency requires it. The answer would
be perfectly satisfactory. But, sir, if we must
expend money at Pensacola because we have
done so at Charlestown, why not on Lake Erie
because we have done so at Pensacola?
Mr. THOMPSON said he regretted to see the
gentleman spending his powers upon arguments
he had not used. He argued upon the utility of
the establishment at Pensacola. He contended
for an equality of disbursments only where it was
practicable.
Mr. EVANS. I am aware the gentleman urged
the utility of the establishment at Pensacola, and
if that had been his only argument, I should not
have noticed it. I yield to it. My own impres-
sionsare strongly in favor of the Pensacola navy-
yard to some extent, but I am not entirely satis-
fied as to what extent. The subject is one of
deep importance, and ought to be well considered
But the honorable gentleman certainly laid great
stress on the other consideration; and I must say
I thought it the leading and preponderating idea
in his whole speech. He says now he contends for
equality of distribution, " so far as practicable!"
I think, sir, that surrenders the whole question
The limitation, if I comprehend it, destroys the
rule. How is it practicable to regard it in any
case ? If all the honorable member means is, that
we ought to erect a work here, which the public
exigency demands, because we have erected one
there, which it equally demanded, I agree with
him, but not for the reason assigned.3 I would
erect it because the public exigency demands it
and not because we had disbursed money for a
similar object elsewhere. If he simply means
that he would provide a general, liberal, equal
system of defense, according to the public wants
and upon the principles I have stated,and in doing
so would equalize disbursements as far as practi-
cable, I am very much inclined to believe his rule
would have no effect whatever. The system
would regulate itself, and the disbursements
would of necessity be unequal, I apprehend.
The honorable member spoke of the various
works already existing at the North, for which no
corresponding establishments had been placed at
theSouth. Did he show, or attempt to show, that
the public exigency requires them there? But
sir, I do not think the distribution quite so un-
equal as he seemed to suppose. There are two
armories, one in Massachusetts and the other in
Virginia—one north and the other south. Are
they improperly located ? Do they subserve the
interests of the country? Nothing is said upon
these topics; they are not objected to at all; but
the gentleman says three more ought to be estab-
lished—one in the West, one on the line between
North and South Carolina, and one in Georgia.
I ask, why three more should be established?
Are not the arms wanted for public service sup-
plied rapidly enough ? Are the present estab-
lishments insufficient to meet the wants of the
country? If so, may it not be better to enlarge
them than to erect n&w ones ? These questions
have not been considered at all, and no answer
has been-given to them. Again: is it not worth
an inquiry whether the southern points which
have been designated are favorable for such a
manufacture? Do private establishments exist
there already? I hear nothing on these topics.
Favorable positions for any particular manufac-
ture are generally first sought out by private en-
terprise. Government can hardly be expected to
carry on a manufacture, either of ships or arms,
or anything else, economically and conveniently,
where private efforts have either failed or found
no inducement to make the experiment. Is it
quite clear, then, that the interest of the country—
1 lay out of view sectional and local interests—
would be promoted, in any degree, by an attempt
to establish manufactories, either of ships or mu-
nitions of war, where the sharp-sighted sagacity
of individual interest has never yet discovered the
means of prosecuting them successfully.
The honorable member further complains of
favoritism shown to the northern section, in the
distribution of the existing arsenals thoughout
the country. He has, however, fallen into error in
supposing that there are twelve upon the north
Atlantic,and but one on the south. Arsenals have
been established at various places, which I will
name: one in each of the States of Maine, Ver-
mont, "and Massachusetts; two in New York,
and two in Pennsylvania; and these are all that
can be justly chargeable to the North. Indeed,
one of those in Pennsylvania, at Pittsburg, is a
western location, and for the benefit of the West.
Only six, therefore, are located on the north At-
lantic. There is also an arsenal in each of the
States of Maryland, Virginia, Georgia, Alabama,
and Louisiana, in the District of Columbia, and
in Florida; and a depot of arms at Charleston,
South Carolina. The remaining arsenals are in
Kentucky, Missouri, and Michigan. In running
the eye over the map of the country, and consid-
ering the purposes for which arsenals are estab-
lished as mere places of deposit of arms, can it
be said that the public interests have been in-
juriously neglected, or that sectional preferences
have been shown ? Arms, when wanted, will or
course be wanted at or near the frontiers, where
an invasion will be most likely to occur. An
interior State, scarcely approachable by an enemy
from any quarter, can, in the nature of the case,
have very little occasion for a large military depot.
But, without pursuing the subject further, can it
be shown that any unnecessary establishments
exist, or that important ones have been omitted?
Until this be done the charges of favoritism to-
wards the North seem to me to have very little
foundation to rest upon. The gentleman has
referred to various other objects on which the
public money has been expended; and has ex-
hibited schedules, showing how large a propor-
tion goes to the same section. Among others, he
