552
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 15
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
JSavy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Evans.
Ho. of Reps.
South, embracing the Gulf, will be $9,88/,IGo;
and at the North but $4,027,364.
The fortifications of the northern section have
been postponed until thos- at the Sou'.h should
be completed. The gentleman says he will do
no more until we have a general system projected
upon principles of equality. The present system
was adopted many years ago, (in 1818,1 believe,)
upon full survey by a board of competent engi-
neers and military men.
The fortifications deemed necessary were di-
vided into three classes: those to be completed
immediately; those at a later period; and the
third class at a remoter period still. The first
have been finished, and are chiefly at the South;
those in my own State fell into the third class;
and now, when this general system has been
carried into execution, so far as the South was
concerned, and we are approaching the period
■when our defenses are to be commenced, the gen-
tleman calls out for a new plan, a new survey, a
new distribution. We have postponed our claims
for defenses in submission to yours; and are we
to be thrown out of them altogether? This ex-
plains, sir, why the estimates are now so much
larger for the northern section than for the south-
ern. Until their works were completed, we heard
of no new plan.
If more defenses are required at the South—
where? at what point? All admit the import-
ance of defending the Gulf of Mexico and the
mouth of the Mississippi. If it has not already
been done, do it by all means, and you shall have
my humble aid at any moment. So of the South,
or of the western frontiers.
It is well known, sir, that to a distinguished
statesman of South Carolina the nation is chiefly >
indebted for this very system of defense now
proposed to be carried on and completed.    New
England, however it may  have  differed with   ,
him since on other topics, certainly gave him its i|
support; not, I trust, from sectional motives, but !
upon liberal principles of public policy.    He I
maintained a high, scarcely a second rank in the
estimation of its people; and they have never
ceased to approve that policy which he created
and fostered by the energy of his lofty powers
and patriotic efforts.    New England certainly
looked to him with high hopes for the future, and
has regretted deeply and profoundly that these ,
hopes have been blighted.    I will not say how.
From what quarter did the opposition to his plan
of defense and to his general scope of policy
come?   Who  was  the chief  opponent of his
measures?   Who were the leaders, and who the
followers, of the great radical party?    Whose
efforts were unceasing to reduce and retrench the
disbursements, and especially those for fortifica-
tions?    The gentleman must recollect, I think,
that it was chiefly southern opposition; and that
the distinguished citizen of South Carolina, who
has done much for his country—very much—
leaned upon New England for support under the
heavy  load  of  responsibility attempted  to  be
thrown upon-him.    If he has lived to see the
measures of his own creation adopted by those
who formerly resisted them—if the wreath has
been torn from his brow to grace another's, has
New England been accessory to it?   No, sir.   If
southern interests had been neglected, if liberal
appropriations have not been made in past times,
it has not been owing to northern hostility.
Mr. Chairman, there are other objects of dis-
bursement in which, I am aware, the South has
very little participated—I mean internal improve-
ments. If it has not, however, is it to be charged
to an unjust and sectional policy prevailing in
other quarters ? The true reason is, that the
South has uniformly opposed the system; has
presented no objects to bo accomplished by this
beneficent exercise of power; has, indeed,utterly
refused to ask or receive any aid for these pur-
poses. Its policy, I admit, was dictated by high
and stern convictions of constitutional duty, but
are other portions of the Confederacy responsible
for that? Were they to deprive themselves of the
benefits which they regarded not only within the
power, but tlie duty nlso, of the Government to
confer, because different opinions prevailed else-
where í Are all the leading measures—is the
vital policy of the country—to be controlled by
constitutional scrpples, however honestly enter?
tamed, of minorities' lam not questioning, nor
intending, in the smallest degree, to impeach the
wisdom or the soundness of the principle which
the South adopted upon this subject, because that
is a matter for themselves alone to consider; but
when it is insisted that other and larger sections
are to surrender their own opinions, and to be de-
prived of many of the advantages which they
fondly had in view in establishing the Govern-
ment, doctrines are advanced at war with the very
genius of our institutions.
I do not know that it would have been a wiser
and better course if the South, yielding its con-
victions—as all must, at some period or other,
yield even their firmest opinions—to the long-
continued policy pursued under various Adminis-
trations, and sanctioned repeatedly by expres-
sions of popular will, had regarded this as a set-
tled question, as some of its ablest statesmen did
regard it. It is altogether probable, however,
that, in such event, a portion, and possibly a
large portion, of the disbursements which have
been made for internal improvements would have
been distributed within their own borders. If
they have shut themselves out from these bene-
fits, is it just to charge a sectional policy upon
other States?
I might appeal to the journals, and to every one
conversant with  the proceedings of Congress,
whether the most liberal support of all public
measures has not come from that quarter now de-
nominated the favored region—whether the great
objects of improvement and defense, in the West
and South, have not generally been carried by
the aid of northern votes—whether the votes of
New England, particularly, have not been gov-
erned by an enlarged, liberal, comprehensive view
of the national interests?   I speak of what has
been—of the past; and I am sure, so far as ap-
propriations and disbursements are concerned, no
ground exists for charging upon that portion of
the Union a selfish, local, sectional policy.    I
claim for it the credit of having been liberal and
generous.    The disbursements for revolutionary
pensions have been also instanced as favors to the
North.    If it be true that much of the amount
thus paid goes to that section, is it an evil?  Does
it demand a remedy ? Are the laws providing this
inadequate and tardy justice to the decrepit and
tottering soldier, who laid the foundation of our
country's independence and happiness, with toils
and sufferings, to be meted out and administered
according to the narrow limits of State lines?   If
a large proportion of the money is dispensed at
the North, is it not because a larger number of
the.survivors of that conflict remain there ?  This
was to have been expected.    That region, we all
know, being the most populous and the most
wealthy, furnished a larger proportion of the men
and the money which achieved our independence.
I make no invidious comparisons.   Carolina and
Virginia, and the South generally, did what could
be done within their means.    But if its gallant
soldiers have paid the debtof nature; if fewer re-
main to share their country's honor and grati-
tude, is it a reason why their companions, who
are yet among us, should be forgotten and neg-
lected—that, because they are not equally distrib-
i uted, they should not be rewarded ?   Or is it con-
| tended that, because of the inequality, we should
| seek out some other objects of expenditure at the
J South, for the purpose of equalizing disburse-
I ments ?
Sir, there are already objects of expenditure at
I the South in which the North does not partici-
: pate.   The Indian war now raging in Florida,
and which has been estimated to cost from four
to six million dollars, is one of them.    I do not
complain of the amount; it is necessary to be in-
curred for the defense and protection of the coun-
try, and must be expended precisely where the
emergency requires.    It will be expended in the
South.    What would be thought of withholding
these appropriations, unless we also contrive to
raise a similar occasion for expenditures else-
where ?   And yet, how does the principle differ
from that which would stop disbursements for
defense at the North, where the public security
■ demands them, unless at the same time others
I are placed at the South where they are not wanted.
; Besides this, we are annually paying large sums
I to the Indian tribes at the South and" West.  Our
Indian relations are kept up at great cost. The
money which is thus expended soon gets abroad,
and circulates at the South and in the West, and
is as truly a fructifying shower there, as is the
payment of the officers and men at the northern
navy-yards. I might also notice the expenditures
for mints, authorized last year, and various other
items of southern expenditure, all showing that
our disbursements are, and must of necessity be,
made where the public service requires them to
be, and not upon any vain attempt to equalize
the amount among different sections.
The honorable gentleman seemed to complain
that at the present moment northern counsels
prevailed in the Government; and I thought he
attributed some portion of the neglect of southern
interests to this circumstance. Not one of the
three Departments, he said, which are most con-
nected with our fiscal operations, is filled by a
southern man. Sir, a defense of this Adminis-
tration, coming from me, would be a strange and
unwonted sound to most ears. It certainly has
as little of my confidence or approbation as of
the honorable member himself. There is enough,
and more than enough, of error to be combated,
to use the mildest term, both in principles and
practices, to give full exercise to all the powers
of resistance we both can bring to the contest.
If the interests of the South have been neglected,
under whose auspices has it been done? What
counsels have prevailed? Does the gentleman
recollect how large a proportion of the time our
Government has been in operation it has been
administered by southern hands—how very large
a share of directing and shaping the measures
which have prevailed has fallen to the same
quarter ? If the present Administration has
neglected the South, is the North responsible? It
came into power by no agency of mine; can the
gentleman say as much ? New England had
none; but South Carolina had much, very much.
No State contributed more effectual aid. If she has
been disappointed and deceived—if the promised
fruits have been withheld—are those who resisted,
or those who favored, the change of Administra-
tion, responsible?
The South, however, is not alone in its disap-
pointment. The assistance rendered by the North
—howhasit been compensated? What has Penn-
sylvania received ? Has not every leading meas-
ure to which it had been devoted for years, all its
most firmly established and warmest cherished
policy,been broken down and sacrificed ? It has,
indeed, had the empty honor of receiving some
four of five executive appointments, chiefly be-
stowed upon leading gentlemen of old Federal
principles, for the purpose, probably, of keeping
up the usages and ascendency of the Democratic
party. What leading measure of Pennsylvania
interests—I speak not of the measure of sustain-
ing a party—but what single object of national
Eolicy and concern to which that State was wedded
as not been trodden in the dust? And even at
this moment, is not the contest going on which
is to determine whether its State Legislature—its
State institutions, its State policy, its State pride,
everything over which State sovereignty spreads
its protecting wings, is not to be bound captive
to the victorious chariot wheels, to swell the tri-
umphal procession in its unhalting progress? The
States which labored most, and accomplished
most, in building up the present dynasty, must
abide, as best they may, the policy it has pur-
sued: so must the individuals, persecuted and pro-
scribed as they are, to whose vigorous efforts it
owes its existence. " Sic vos non vobis mellificatis
apes."
The first victim, I remind my friend, to the tor-
tures of the brazen bull of Phalaris was the in-
ventor himself. It was but a just retribution to
the folly of inflaming the lust of power and the
passion for vengeance in the breast of the cruelest
of tyrants. They who have been followed with
unsparing severity as the only reward of faithful
services and attachment, should have considered
well the perils of the undertaking.
I do not forget the danger that the money which
we appropriate may be used for party objects
and purposes. But what then? We cannot
change the Government, nor the hands to whom
the people have committed power. It is their
province to do that; and soon may they do it.
