1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
553
24th Cong...1st Sess.
Failure of Fortification Bill—Mr. Reed.
Ho. of Reps.
But shall we therefore abandon the country'
Shall we postpone its. difinse and pi election'
Shvll we ne^kct oui duty because other adults,
v\e l\ai, may be unfaithful in thens' No, sir, I
hope w ith the gentleman, that better times and
pmer principios m\y once nioie pievail, that the
good of the country, and not the good of a party,
■will n^\ni be the pai amount object of e\tiy man's
ambition but until that period «hill aru\e,the
Go\t rnment must be admim*teied by those to
whom the people ha\e confidtd it, and the lequi-
site meins must be put at their disposal, even by
tho-ü- who have little confidence in their fitness
The hononble gentleman setmi to apprehend
ewl const quenei s of no small magnitude fiom
li >eml disburse m nts by Government, in its ellect
of building up and org tinging a class of day-laboi-
crs,   ho will not sutft i di->bandm> nt when then
1 ibor is no longer w intuí, but who will m ike
tluir p >wer te't in "lawless instruction, or by
t'ie equally ttmble ptoi-tss of the bull >t-bo\."
L\eii % It i\e ruently oci urud among the 1 tbou rs
Of •• >'Ue of t le CHUS C IKtlllt   dtogivt   WllghttO
t'u-. i inside rition Combin itions hi\e bet n
formed, and the power of tlie mob has been ai-
ra; id to control the price and duration of labor.
\ p>rcene, with Jup regret, the spirit of du-
afT ction abroad in the land, to which the honor-
ab'e member refers, a spirit of subversion of our
liii'ituiton , and of die salutary restraints of law ,
a spirit of agrarian waifire against the wealth
and  enterprise  of the   country,  against whole
climes of the  community, against  everything
fiim and stable in society.    Useful and valuable
institutions are broken down because they are
*' monopolies;" and property, for whose protec-
tion Government was in part instituted, is aristo-
cratic    A spirit of general leveling seems to per-
vade the land.   Sentiments like these, instead of
being checked, have been promoted and fostered
by those in power.    The profligate and the idle,
foreign paupers and malcontents, are gaining in
numbers and in power in the cities, and, there is
too much  reason to fear, exercise a controhng
voice  in  political affairs.    From  such   there is
always dan<:ei      But  with  these are not to be
included thegreat mass of the industrious, sober,
'peaceable,  laboring classes of the community,
who have a stake in the public improvement and
prosperity, and in the just administration of the
laws.  They will, neither by violence nor by the
ballot-box, impede the good order of society.  A
rise of wages, produced by natural causes, is no
fearful omen—is not at all to be deprecated.  The
value of labor, like that of every other commodity,
depends upon the demand for it, and the supply
to meet that demand; and it is always regarded
among the strongest proofs of a prosperous and
flourishing condition that wages are high.    It
denotes energy, enterprise, activity, and a gen-
eral spirit of exertion and improvement.    In a
stationary or decaying country, there will   be
little occasion for labor, and wages will conse-
quently be low.   It is, therefore, in my judgment,
no undesirable thing that wages should be high.
I cannot assent, however, to the idea that the
addition of some ten or twelve millions of dollars
to the business of the country, in disbursements
of public money upon public objects, will pro-
duce any sensible effect upon the price of labor.
It bears too small a proportion to the vv bole mass
of money in circulation, of business transacted,
and  of labor performed.    Double  the amount
proposed to be disbursed by all the bills of appro-
priation * as struck out of existence lately in New-
York in a single night; and, however severe has
been individual loss and suffering, the business
of the country has hardly felt the slightest shock
from the blow.    But, sir, if some evils are to be
apprehended from the cause suggested by the
gentleman, they are evils which must be encoun-
terfd     Shall we stop all public works, hoard up
all the money in the Treasury, do nothing for
public improvement and  public  protection, for
fear of piomoting a spirit of agrarian cupidity
and disaffection'    If such evils exist, they are
beyond our control, and  inseparable  fiom the
cond tion of human affans
I am aware, sir, of the overflowing condition
of the Treasuiy, and of the difficulty of answer-
ing the question, what shall be done w th it'
Without going into the subject at any length, I
| will only remark, that the time seems favorable
for devising a judicious and libeial scheme of
national impiovement and defense. Our means
are abundant for huge appropnations, looking
foivvaid to seveial yeais. Let ten millions annu-
ally be appiopuated for ten years foi the Navy
and foi tifie ations—distubute the proceeds of the
public lands among the States, as pioposid in
a bill which foi merly passed the Senate—and
we shall still have enough lemaining for all our
wants The Tieasuiy might bear this, I think,
until 1842 at least, when duties aie to be so
lugtly reduced. The Secntaiy does not seem
to think our means will be so abundant ns I have
supposed, but estimates fiom that souice, of
piobable receipts have recently not proved un-
en ing guides. With the large amount now ac-
cumulated, and the constantly uicieasuig receipts
into the Tieasury, 1 have little doubt that, after
the distribution of the proceeds of the public
land*!, enougn will remain to make liberal appro-
pi mtions eveiy year (peihips not so laige as I
hive mined) for national defense, and to carry
on all the opt rations of Government Why
should it not be done ' Why should it be hoarded
up to pamper favoied institutions, and to reward
paity adheients ' That some liberal plan can be
formed, and that it is required by the interests of
the country, seems hardly doubtful.
The honorable gentleman, sir, spoke with elo-
quent fervor of the deep and abiding attachment
of the South to the blessed Union of these States.
I am not about to call in question the sincerity of
his declaration.   When the blessings, vast, num-
berless, unexampled, which, by the providence
of God, that Union has confened upon the peo-
ple of our country, are for one moment consid-
ered, no mind, not utterly blinded to our best and
dearest interests—no heart, not utterly dead to
the happiness of the human race, and the hopes
of civil liberty itself—can be indifferent as to its
preservation.    What has it not done for human
happiness and human advancement'   From the
lowest condition of anarchy, disorder, and weak-
ness, of poverty and national degradation, it has
raised us to an eminence of high and enviable
prosperity and strength, of respect in the eyes of
all nations, of regular government, and has estab-
lished and built up all the institutions of social
and civil life, for which I know not what history
of the world furnishes a parallel.    When did the
light of heaven ever shine down upon more glo-
rious and indubitable pioofs of the efficiency and
wisdom of human government tlian the condition
of our country now displays'   To all these the
South cannot be insensible, cannot but indulge
patriotic pude, and feel attachments to the Union
not to be sundered for hghtand temporary causes,
for imaginary grievances, for doubtful and con-
tested theories of political economy.    It will not
calmly see this Union rent in twain, to be followed
by what no human sagacity can foresee.    But,
much as the South is attached to the Union, it is
attached to liberty more.   Liberty is the first ob-
ject of all its efforts and aspirations.   Is the hon-
orable gentleman quite sanguine that liberty, even
at the South, will long survive the dissolution of
the Union ' Does he hold the bond of fate'  Can
he cast its horoscope ' I am not disposed to enter
into invidious comparisons, nor to question the
resources, the capacity, the ability of the South
to maintain a separate Government, and to occupy
a high position among the nations of the world.
| It is not unbecoming, however, to suggest to those
who are most ardent in their faith to weigh well
all the considerations, to calculate all the vicissi-
tudes pertaining to a subject so awfully moment-
ous.    If that disastrous event should occur, and
an independent Government be established at the
South, are all the rivalries, the passions, the am-
bition, the interests, which agitate the bosoms of
men, and  shake societies and communities as
with an earthquake, to be smotheied and annihi-
lated '    Are the hidden fires which heave empires
fiom their deep foundations to be extinguished '
Will no sources of discoid  remain—no clouds
float in the clear vault over their heads '   lie has
read the annals of our race, and studied the hu-
man character to little purpose, who indulges in
I  reveries like these.    How is it even now'    Is
'  there entire unanimity of principle or purpose at
il the South'  Do contiguous States, sepaiated only
by a narrow stream, enti rely harmonize ' In view
of these things, what assui anee can the gentleman
have that, whatcvei befall the Union, liberty will
still fix her chosen abode at the South' Is there
anything so peculiar in its institutions, its prin-
ciples, us policy, as to induce the fond belief that
her last footsteps on earth will be found there?
In after ages, if some zealous votary, groping
among the fallen ruins and scattered fragments
of hei temples, to íescue some monument of her
existence fiom the remorseless hand of time,
shall explore the vestiges she has left, will he
exclaim of the South exclusively, in the language
of the Roman poet, " hie ilhus arma—lac cart us
fuit >"
Sir, what sort of union is it to which the South
is so devoted'—a union and a Government which,
under the impulses of popular caprice, or fancied
wrongs, or temporary excitements, a single State
may arrest and destioy—whose arm may be par-
alyzed, and all its powers subverted, whenever
it may suit the purposes of a single State to do
so—a union so ill-compacted and bound together,
that on every occasion of a difference of opinion
as to its constitutional powers, or on measures
of policy, it may be forthwith severed. Is dis-
union the only íemedy for errors of administra-
tion—for arbitrary exercise of power'
In all Governments, except the most absolute
despotisms, and in ours more than in any other,
questions of power and of constitutional author-
ity will arise; and upon them the minds of men
will differ. What then ' Shall we have no Gov-
ernment- -no Constitution' Shall we break away
from our moorings, to embark again upon the
great ocean of untried experiment' What tran-
quil haven invites us to its shelter' " Better to
bear the ills we have,'" than to seek a remedy in
the dark chaos of disunion. All history admon-
ishes us of its deplorable results. Faction, com-
motion, discord, civil war—how have they not
written awful lessons, as inscriptions upon the
tombstones of nations' Does it not become us,
then, the South as well as the North, the East
no less than the West, to start back from this
yawningand fathomless abyss of disunion, whose
depths no humrn eye can reach, and from which
the groans of buried empires send back fearful
warning' God grant that we may not blindly,
madly, rashly, plunge in, to explore for our-
selves the dark recesses of its dreary caverns!
FAILURE OF FORTIFICATION BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN REED,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
January 27, 1836,
On the causes of the loas of the Fortification Bill of the last
session.
Mr. REED said: I feel embarrassed in rising
to address the House on the present occasion.
The subject is painful, but I am allowed no choice,
and I proceed, without introduction, to state such
facts as I deem important and relevant, concisely
and plainly.  The President of the United States,
at the commencement of the present session of
Congress, alludes to the loss of the fortification
bill in the following words:
" Much loss and inconvenience have been experienced
in consequence of the failure of the bill containing the ordi-
nary appropnations for fortifications, which passed one
branch of the National Legislature at the last session, but
was lost in the other. This failure was the more regretted,
not only because it necessarily interrupted and delayed the
progress of a system of national defense, projected immedi-
ately after the last war, and since steadily pursued, hut
also because it contained a contingent appropriation, in-
serted in accordance with the views of the Executive, in
aid of this important object, and other branches of the
national defense, some portions of which might have been
most usefully applied during the past season "
The complaint is somewhat indefinite, as the
bill referred to passed both Houses of Congress,
but not in concurrence. I piesume it was intended
to make the charge against the Senate. Though
respectful in foim, it is a giave and we'ghty
charge Appiopnations were not made. We did
some things we ought nor to have done, and left
i undone many things which we ought to have
done.    I hold the President himself deeply ím-
