554
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Failure of Fortification Bill—Mr. Reed.
Ho. of Reps.
plicated, and will not, therefore, ansv/er to his
chaise. Bat I will suppose the chaige comes
froirTthe people of the United States, and then I
hold myself bound to render an account of my
stovvaidship to my constituents and country. I
will consider the charge as made against the
Government—the President, Senate, and House
of RepresentaUv es I plead not guilty, and mean
to exculpate myself. I intend to do moie—to
criminate others, and fix upon them the guilt, so
far as guilt there may be, of defeating the passage
of the fortification bill I charge the defeat of
that bill to the Piesident, 01 a majority of the
House of Representatives of the last Congress,
being Administration men.
In examining this painful subject, I determine
to bear testimony to the truth—to state what I
saw and heard, and know. I intend to express
my opinion upon the subject frankly, firmly, and
temperately. The President in his message at
the opening of Congress, in December, 1834,
sounded the war trumpet, and it did not give an
uncertain sound.    The following are his xvoids:
" It is mv conviction that the United States ought to in-
sist on a prompt execution of the treatj, and, m case it be
refused or longer delayed, take redress into their own hands
After the delay, on the part of France, of a quarter of a
centurv, in acknowledging these claims by treaty, it is not
to be tolerated that another quarter of a century is to be
wasted in negomtins about the payment    The laws of
nation* provide a remedy for such occasions.   It is a well-
settled principle ot the international code, that where one
nation owe  another a liquidated debt, which it refuses or
neglect  to paj,the aggrieved party may seize on the prop
ert) belong ng lo the other, it  citizen , or «uhjeet«, "uffi
eient to pay the debt, without giving ju^t cau^e of war
This remedy has been repeatedly resorted to, and recently
by France herself towards Portugal, under circumstances
le^s unquestionable "
The President's advice and recommendation,
if not war direct, could not fail to result in war
with Fiance. What man believes we could have
made reprisal, or seized upon a single ship of
France, without producing war ? A powerful na-
tion may seize upon the propeity of a feeble and
timid one, by way of reprisal, without resistance;
but not so as to France. The message was a war
message, and notified us to make the necessary
preparation. But I desire to thank God our voices
■were not for war. This message was referred to
the appropriate committees. What action was
had upon the subject? What preparations and
what appropriations did the committees propose
for fortifications and for defense? I hold the bill
called the fortification bill of the House of Rep-
resentatives in my hand. It proposed to appro-
priate for fortifications in all, the sum of $439,000.
The Journal of the House says:
"Mr Edward Everett moved to amend the bill by
striking out the words, ' For the preservation of Castle
Island and repair  of Fort Independence, in addition to
the balance of fnrm r appropriations, $8,000;' and, in lieu
thereof, insert the following
"' For the preservation of Ca=tle Wand,and for repairing
the fortifications on Castle Island, in Boston harbor, accord-
ing to the plan adopted by the Board of Engineers on the
24th of M ireh, 1834, in addition to the balancp ol former
appropriations, $75.000 ' "
That all the forces of the House of Represent-
atives might be rallied, we had a " call of the
House," and then the -vote was taken by yeas
and nays. For the amendment, 87, against it,
120. These yeas and nays are in the Journal of
the House of Repiescntatives, page 225 Tew
Administration men can be found among the yeas.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Polk,] and the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs himself, who fig-
ured so much in the three million amendment, are
among the nays. They and others would not
consent, notwithstanding the threatening aspect
of war, to appropriate $75,000 for the defense and
protection of the harbor of Boston, and Boston
itself, and the immense public property at the
navy-yard at Charlestown. We of Massachu-
setts, and those who acted with us, were accused
of extravagance and profusion, for pursuing a
course that would increase the expenditures, and
render the Administration unpopulai. Thcie was
no predisposition to the three million appropria-
tion at that time, or the money was intended for
a very different object ftom that of the defense of
Massachusetts and Maiyland, <SLc
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McKim]
moved to amend the bill by adding, " for the íe-
pair of Foit McHenry,at Baltimore, and putting
the same in a proper state of defense, §50,000."
The yeas and nays upon this amendment were—
yeas G6, nays 129, and gentlemen voted as on the
former amendment. The mover, though a good
Admimstiation man in the piesent case, fared no
better than others. Impaitial injustice was dealt
out to all propositions for amendments.
A^ain, Mr. Thompson moved an amendment:
"$44,000 for the piotection of St. Augustine."
For the amendment—yeas 67, nays 115. This
happened on the 15th of January, about forty-
five days before the memorable 3d of March,
when $800,000 (m addition to the amendments
of the Senate, doubling the appropriation of the
House) was pronounced by the Secretary of
State, Mr. Forsyth, to be a "a pitiful sum."
Another motion was made by Mr. Parker, on
the 19th of January, to strike out "for a fort
on Throg's Neck, East river, New York, in
addition to a balance of former appropriations,
$30,000 " The yeas and nays were—yeas 86,
nays 113. The bill passed precisely as repoited
by the Committee of Ways and Means. We in
the minority were not allowed to increase the
amount a single dollar. The bill, having passed
the House of Representatives, was sent to the
Senate. How did the Senate treat the bill? Did
they attempt to reduce the amount proposed by
the House? No. And yet one not informed
upon the subject might well be led to think so,
from the complaints fiom various quarters that
the Senate defeated the ordinary appropriations
for fortifications. On the contrary, the Senate
considered the bill of the House of Representa-
tives as wholly inadequate and deficient, in not
providing for the defense of the most important
and defenseless parts of the country. Their
amendments to the bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives were essential to the defense of the
country—so all-impoitant that I name them par-
ticularly:
For Fort Delaware, instead of $70,000, $ 150,000, being an
addition ot ................................«80,000
For Foi t Mifflin, &c.........................     75,000
For Castle Island, &c..........................    7ó,0llü
For deteose oí Maryl ind.....................   100,000
For armament of fortifications .................   100,000
Amounting to...............................$430,000
The bill was returned from the Senate with the
above amendments, and being so amended and
retuined to this House, it was absolutely within
the power and contiol of this House. We had
only to adopt the amendments, and the bill would
have become a law with the signature of the
Piesident. In that event we should have added
'o our appropriation of $439,000 the further sum
of $430,000, amounting to $869,000—all for forti-
fications, except $100,000 foi aimament for forti-
fications. By the Senate's amendment several
States were to be protected and fortified But
this House neglected and refused to pass the bill,
and were therefore guilty of defeating the ordinary
appropriation bill for fortifications, and ought
honestly to acknowledge it and justify themselves
as far as they may be able. The House of Rep-
resentatives of the last Congress must be respons-
ible foi the consequence1!. I speak of the ordi-
raiy appiopnations The extiaordinary—the
thiee millions—I will consider by-and-by. The
Pn sident very justly makes the distinction in his
charge; and I intend to make it and keep it dis-
tinctly in view, though the resolution we are
considering proposes to inquire as to the cause
of the failure of the ordinary appropriations only.
Although this bill was perfectly familiar to this
House—our own child—we could not adopt it
with the Senate's amendments. We took time
to consider, in a session of ninety-three days,
when there was no time to be lost. The bill was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
that every dollar of appiopnation should be
scanned and scrutinized; that not a brick or stone
should be laid upon our fortifications unless it
were absolutely íequired and the cost counted
But the committee could not consent to appropri-
ate for Massachusetts, Maryland, Pennsylvania,
Delaware, Ac. They reported amendments to
the Senate's amendments, and the bill was re-
poited to the House, with the amendments, on
the 3d day of March; but the House finally
agreed to the amendments of the Senate.   What
next? At eight o'clock on the 3d of Maich, the
last night of the session, still holding and detain-
ing the fortification bill in our possession, an
amendment was proposed of an entire new sec-
tion. It deserves not the name of amendment.
It was a proposition, at that late hour, entirely
to change a bill we had been examining for
months.    It was in the following words:
" And be it enacted, Sfc , That the sum ofthiee millions cf
dollars he, and the same i> hereby appropriated, out ot any
money in the Treasuiy not othervvi-p appiopnaticl to bu
expended, in whole or in part, under the anection ot the
Pie«ulent of the Unittd Mate1*, for the military and i aval
service, including formications and oidnance,and increase
of the Navy Provided, Such expenditure '•liould be ren-
dered necessary for the defense ot the country prior to the
next meeting of Congress."
This amendment was proposed by the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs The
appropriate Committees on Military Allans and
Naval Affairs, and even Ways and Means, were
all superseded. The three million amendment
came upon us sudden as a thunder-bolt, without
repoit or estimate, or explanation. We were
called upon to vote. There was no time for de-
bate, and all we could do was to call the yeas and
nays, and record our names upon the Journal.
Well might we be astonished; and our astonish-
ment was not a little increased to see the very
men, chairman and all, who would not consent
to add $175,000 to defend two of the principal
cities in the Union in an exposed and defenseless
state, ready in a moment to vote three millions.
But so it was. And we, Representatives, not
intrusted with Executive secrets, were left to
wonder what could have produced so sudden and
extraordinary a change. The tables were turned.
Profusion and extiavagance took the place of
parsimony, and precipitation that of tardy delay.
I repeat, without stopping to deliberate, for we
had no time, we voted and adopted the three mil-
lion section, and called it an amendment to the
bill. It passed—yeas 109, nays 77. We then
sent the bill so amended to the Senate for their
appioval. And here give me leave to say, it is
all impoitant to the coirect undeistanding of this
contioveisy to inqune at what hour we sent it to
the Senate. We sent the bill to the Senate at,
eight o'clock p. m.,four hours before the close of
the session, according to the professed opinions
of a number of the members of the House of
Representatives. Well might the Senate be as-
tonished. But we are told that " the Senate did
not receive it in good temper."
The gentleman from New Yoik, \\\r. Cam-
breleng,] whojust closed his speech, has ter-
dered what he calls the true issue, and it is
this- " Who defeated the three million appropiia-
tion?" intended, as he says, to provide for a con-
tingent war I must remind the gentleman that
he has wholly forgotten the resolution we are
discussing. The resolution pioposes to inqune
into the causes of the failure of the ordinary ap-
propriation for foitifications. Surely the three
millions was not ordinary, but most extraordi-
nary. I will examine that subject befoie I sit
down.
The Piesident secretly and impropeily inter-
fered, to induce the House of Representatives to
act " in accoidance with the will of the Execu-
tive." We have just learned in this debate that
the chanman of the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr Polk] was an agent to that effect,
and enjoined secrecy upon some, at least, of those
he informed that the President wished to obtain
the three million appropriation The then chair-
man (now Speaker) being called upon, has stated
it from his chair publicly, and it has been pub-
licly confirmed by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Lea.] The President, in so doing, greatly
erred. There can be no justification for such
secret interference and influence in this House.
I saw we weie swiftly swept along against the
apparent current by a strange under-tow, the
cause unseen and unknown. Those who would
not vote for $50,000, or $75,000, in addition to
the $439,000, were now ready for three millions;
and íeady to denounce any man as regardless ot
his countiy's danger and his country's honor,
who would refuse to vote for that sum.
The proposition to annex a section to the ap-
propi union bill for fortifications of three millions
was most extiaordinary.    The President had
