1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
\24tii Cong.... 1st Sess.
Failure of Fortification Bill~-Mr. Reed.
Ho. of Reps.
G 'oiei is the stinding vv ltness of honest scruples
'•txcrptio prpttat re^alam " Where were the
other Mi Gilmers, 01 those who trod in his
steps' The jrt mlt man from Xow Yoi k [Mr
C_ tMBRti l\c] « is so prtssed with conscientious
scui ih*, thu lie lotused to repoit and act upon
the t írutuatioii bil1, but his conscience was less
■cm mliuis as to other matters, and he stayed to
vote and act, and did vote and act, upon other
subnets before the House, Ion  after he refused
to act upon the fortification bill Let him rt con-
c.le such inconsistency The House was reduced
in a short time, by si tuples, from one hundred
and sevnitv-tour to one hundred and tit ven, and
tins apneais on the veas and nays; and, by look-
insrat the nanus on the veas and nays at the two
different periods, those " noisy dead men" my
colleague speaks of may be known as absentees,
though prest nt.
I most solemnly aver to my constituents and
country that i was in favor of the fortification bill;
that 1 thought the original bill insufficient, and
tried to increase it. that 1 voted against the three
million amendment, with pain, because I wished
a liberal specific appropriation, but I believed the
three million section a violation of the spmt of
our free Government, and of dangerous tendency
I well remember a conversation on that night
with a worthy member, not now here. He asked
me why I did not vote for the three millions' I
replied, that three millions was a sreat sum, the
use to be made of it was not specified, A.c. He
answered, General Jackson will not spend a dol-
lar of it, etc. I then rejoined, if that be so, it
ought not tobe voted, you have confidence in the
President, which I have not; but if three millions
may be so voted without specification, twenty
milhons may be so voted: or words to that effect.
It may not be safe, even in your opinion, here-
after to trust it with other Presidents. It is a
dangerous and unsafe precedent, and ought not to
pass.
I had been educated to believe that the Presi-
dent of the United States had not too much
power I had heard much said of the dangeious
tendency of presidenlni power, and of the in-
crease of that power; but I never witnessed so
much evidence of the tiuth of that democratic
apprehension as on the night of the 3d of March,
1*35. I declare most solemnly that, in my opin-
ion, (and I saw those who were counted and who
were not,) there was a quorum until we ad-
journed. I believe I had the honor to make some
of the last remarks upon a motion to call the
House. I then stated that there was a quorum
present; and it was well known to all that when
gentlemen chose to be counted they weie present,
and when thev chose not to be counted they re-
treated or refused to vote; that the most import-
ant business of the session yet remained un-
done
Much has been said by my colleague and others
in regard to a vote of the Senate to adhere against
the amendment proposing the three millions. It
is said that that vote of adherence was contrary
to all parliamentary usage, and was the cause of
all the evils we experienced on the 3d of March,
and the loss of the bill itself. The gentleman who
has just sat down [Mr. Cambreleng] has made
the same complaint.
As gentlemen speak with confidence, I will
refer them to a case in point, and precisely the
reverse of what they suppose the parliamentary
usage, and I trust the authority will not be ques-
tioned by my colleague or the gentleman from
New York. The case I refer to is found in the
Journal of the Senate, Nineteenth Congress, first
session, pages 306 and 307. [Here Mr. R. read
the case.]
Mr. ADAMS called aloud to know the book
and page
Mr. REED. The House of Representatives
and Senate disagreed as to a judiciary bill, and
"Mr. Van Buren, chanman of the Judiciary
Committee, drew up a report, which concludes
with resolving, not to insist, but adhere, and but
twelve dissented; and the report states it is ex-
pressly within the rules, and best to prevent
unprofitable formality of a conference at this
advanced period of a session." Mark, sir, this
happened fourteen days before the close of the
session.   In the case of the fortification bill, the
Senate had determined not to agree to the three ']
million section, and a few hours only must close
the session.
Mr. Címbrflevg then moved that the House
insist on said amendment; which motion was
agreed to The Senate then voted to adheie as
to the thiee millions. Amotion was again made in
the House of Reniesentatives to recede, and ¡*ive
up the three millions. We voted nearly as before,
mycolleaeue, [Mr. Adams,] and other colleagues,
and myself, voting to recede—yeas 88, nays 107
A conleionce with the Senate was then proposed
and passed, and conferees appointed The con-
ferees of the House and Senate agieed upon a
compromise. The bill was to pass with all
amendments, and instead of $3,000,000 in gross,
it was agreed to add $800,000, and make it
specific, viz: #300,000 for arming the fortifica-
tions, and $500,000 for repairs and equipment of
ships of war. And my colleague finds fault even
with this compromise, and says:
u The appropn Hion wis made poMtnc, instead of bping
contingent up>a a necessity not certain to come, and it
\i is totiliiicd to two objects ot penmm lit ordinarv ippro
pn uio i, -.tilt lea\itig Itn possible contingent daugn unpro
vuUd lor   '
I conftss I am wholly at a loss to know what
my colleague did desne I can see one thing veiy
dibiinctl}—that lie dots not disue to ague with
tin  ¡senate
The appropriation bill, aa agreed upon by the
committee of conference, might havepas¡>< dbefoie
or aftci the houi of tvvcht o'clock I have no
doubt the confeices rtturned btfore half past
eleven I hive eveiy reason to believe it. It
nii^ht have parsed after tvvc Ivt oMork, but for
tlu nnpiopei interposition of a few membeis of
this House, the fuend  of tin Executive.
The bill was then letuintd to the House, and
" a motion was made by Mi Gholsov that the
House recede from its amendment, proposing to
inseit an additional section, as the second sec-
tion of the bill, containing an appropriation of
$3,000,000 On this question theie were—yeas
87, nays 110 All my colleagues, including Mr.
Ad\ms, voted to lecede, and strike out the thiee
millions, upon the success of which one might
suppose some men thought the salvation of the
coiuuiy di pt ndtd
The 11 poi t of the committees of confeience was
delayed by the chairman. Aftei much delay (the
precise period I cannot state) Mr. Lewis, another
member of the committee, made the report, but
objections weie made that there was no quorum,
and theiefore it could not be adopted. The busi-
ness was intentionally delayed, and the little time
we had, wasted. Tclleis weie appointed—Mi.
Cvmbrelevg and Mr. Lewis, on counting, it
was found theie was not a quorum—not that a
quorum was not present, but a sufficient number
took care to be out of the vv ay to defeat the count.
And my colleague says wc had not the power
of Joshua of old, who commanded the sun and
moon to stand still, Wc wanted not such power,
but the power to move in the discharge of duty.
I have overlooked one fact of some importance,
it is this: Mr. Jarvis moved the following reso-
lution
" Resolved, That, the flour having arrived when the term
for v. hicli tin  House was elected has expired, we do now
adjourn
" The said resolution was read, when the Speaker de-
cided that it was not in order to offer it at this time, un-
less by unanimous consent or a suspension of the rules,
1 hut sussested that the object aimed to be attained by the
resolution could be accomplished  by a  motion that the
House do adjourn    Mr Jones, of Georgia, then, for the
i purpose of trying the question and ascertaining whether
the House thinks itself authorized to continue 10 session,
and to transact business after twelve o'clock at night on
I the 3d day of March, moved that the House do adjourn
I And the question being put, it was decided in the nega-
tive "
This negative is a negative pregnant, affirming
that we did think ourselves authorised to do busi-
ness after twelve o'clock; thereby setting the seal
of our deliberate vote to our own condemnation.
But remember, the memorable report of the com-
mittee of conference had not then been made,
though it should have been done, and there was
a press of business that many members were de-
sirous of transacting. The main pressure of con-
stitutional scruples was upon the fortification bill
without the three million amendment.
Mr. Speaker, the fortification bill wasreported
to the House of Representatives January 2d, and
passed the House January 21st, fifty-two days
from the commencement of the session. We
took fifty-two days outof the ninety-three to pre-
paie the bill It was then sent to the Senate, and
íeturned Tebiuary 24th, after thuty-four days,
and seven days befoie the close of the session
Our bill, as it passed the House of Represent-
atives, contained appropiiations for fottifications
of $439,000, and tlu Senate's amendments, as fi-
nallyagreedto,$430,000— making$869,000 Had
wc agieed to those amendments without adding
a section of three millions, it would have passed
without dispute By the conference it was fur-
ther agreed to add $300,000 for arming the forti-
fications, and #500,000 for repairs and equip-
ment of ships-of-wai, making; $800,000. In all,
$1,669,000, a respectable sum—very respectable
compaied with $439,000, and one would think,
of all otheis a majority of the House of Repre-
sentatives ought not to complain.
Mi Speaker, I perceived, before the hour of
twelve o'clock on the 3d of March, a determina-
tion not to pass the bill The repoit of the con-
ference was held back. The hill was delayed.
The chairman would not report, but voted and
spoke and acted upon other business. Mi. Lewis
at last icported the bill, and then constitutional
scruples were interposed as to the hour and min-
ute, and g( ntlemen would not answer when called.
I believe the bill (the motives that influenced gen-
tlemen I leave to themselves) was defeated in-
tentionally by those who were known and called
Admimstiation men Why did they undervan-
011s pretences detain and defeat the whole bill?
No change had taken place in our relations with
France. There was no cause for change in ap-
propriations, unless the secret will of the Exec-
utive produced that change. The House of
Representatives acted a most singular and incon-
sistent part They could not be induced to add
a dollar to then bill appropiiatmg J439,000, until
March 3d in the evening, and then they insisted
upon adding three millions, and it must be that
or nothing. My colleagues and myself voted
for all amendments and all increase, except the
three millions, and would gladly have added the
$800,000 But it must be three millions in addi-
tion, or the whole bill must be destioyed. It was
destroyed I could not vote for thiee millions.
It was large in amount, indefinite in its object,
for military and naval service, generally, under
the direction of the President. The President's
message was a war message. Ho had frequently,
as far as I know, with everybody spoken of the
desire for reprisal and war"; and he knows how-
to accomplish his purposes better than any other
man I feared the consequences of putting the
money in his hand
I deeply lamented the failure of the fortification
bill. Though 1 have long been a member of the
House of Representatives, I never witnessed there
such strange proceedings as on the 3d of March
in legard to the fortification bill If the President
believed the public good actually required an ap-
propriation of three millions, which he informs
I us in his message "was inserted in accordance
with the views of the Executive," he ought to
have so informed us, not privately, to a few, but
publicly, and to have presented the reasons-of
his views, that we might judge and act as respons-
ible, free, and independent representatives of a
I free people. But three millions was " msprted in
accordance With the views of the Executive;" a
11 less sum was not in accordance with his views.
And when a less sum was agreed upon by the
committee ef conferencie, and the chairman [Mr.
Cambreleng] had returned to this House to make
report of the result, (as he has just informed us
in his speech,) he met in this House Mr For-
syth, Secretary of State, who inquired whether
the committee of conference had agreed; and
when informed that a compromise had taken
place, and that #600,000 had been agreed tipon
instead of the three millions, Mr Forsyth pro-
nounced it a pitiful sum. It will be understood
that the President and his Cabinet sit in a room
appropriated for the purpose in the Capitol du-
ring the last night of the session, to facilitate the
business. The Secretary of State sits at the right
hand of the Presidentas an adviser. He had just
left the room, and might well be presumed to
