1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
563
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Ohio and Michigan—Mr. Everett.
Ho. of Reps.
the   territory  north of the  States of Ohio  and
Mi
In that case I should not be willing to
extern! Michigan beyond the peninsula.
111. The olyetions arising under its constitu-
tion on which I oppose it, are to the manner in
which it has been foiuied and to one of its pro-
visions.
1.  It was formed on the votes of aliens.
0.  It naturalizes aliens.
The Revolution did not commence in anarchy
in which all who were inhabitants of the country
would derive equal rights from its success. It
was the secession of organized States, in which,
during its whole progress, the disabilities of alien-
age were recognized. As between the colonies
and the mother country, the principle was anom-
alous; but as to persons foreign to both, the dis-
ability was fully recognized. Under the Confed-
eration the power of removing the disability by
naturalization belonged exclusively to the States.
On th'1 cession of territory to the United States,
Congress had the same power in relation to the
Terntories of the United States that was pos-
sessed bv the States within their territories, and
under that power a question arises whether Con-
gress authorized foreigners to vote in territorial
elections.
The ordinance of 1784 authorized the States
formed under it to adopt the constitution of any
of the old States, which, when adopted, would
have given the power of naturalization prescribed
in it.
On the 10th May, 1736, a committee of Con-
press (consisting of Messrs. Munroc, Johnson,-
Pinkney, King, McKean, and Henry) reported
an ordinance for the temporary government of
the new States, in which was the following pro-
vision relating to the qualification of electors:
'• Provided, alto. That a freehold or life estate in fifty
acres of land, if a citizen of any of the United States, and
one year's residence it a foreigner, shall be necessary to
qualify a m in as an elector for said Representative," (in the
General Assembly.)
September 19, 1786, the same was again re-
ported by Messrs. Johnson, Pinkney, Smith,
Dane, and Henry. This was considered from
time to time, and was assigned for a third read-
ing for May 10, 1787, and the above provision
amended by striking out "one" and inserting
" two;" so as to read " and two years' residence
if a foreigner." On the 9th July, 1787, this report
was referred to Messrs. Carrington, Dane, Lee,
McKean, and Smith, who reported the ordinance
of 1787. In the ordinance of July 13, 1787, the
proviso was altered so as to read—
" Provided, also. That a freehold of fifty acres of land
in the district, having been a citizen of one of the States,
and bein  resident in the district, or the like freehold, and
two years'residence in the district, shall be necessary to
qualify a man as an elector ot a Representative."
It will be asked, why was this alteration made ?
Why was the word "foreigner" stricken out,
and general words inserted, unless it was to ex-
clude foreigners from voting? And, on the other
side, it may be asked, what persons can be in-
tended by those general words, if foreigners are
not? Without expressing any opinion on this
question, I shall, for the sake of the argument,
take it for granted that the ordinance did not
authorize foreigners to vote.
This part of the ordinance was not a part of the
Congress, and was therefore liable to be modified
or repealed by Congress, and therefore conferred
no absolute right of citizenship. Though, under
the Confederation the citizens of one State were
entitled to the privileges of citizens in the other
States, yet it carried with it but little political
importance. The vote of an elector could not
have any effect on the political power on any
State other than that in which it was given. It
was therefore left to each State to adopt its own
rules of naturalization. When, however, a form
of government was about to be adopted, in which
the rote of an elector in one State might affect the
political power of every State in the Union; when
his vote might consequentially elect a President
of the United States, it became of the first im-
portance that the rule of naturalization should be
uniform. There was also the highest reason for
its uniformity, from the adoption of the principle
that citizens of one State should be entitled to the
privileges of citizens in the other States.    On
these grounds the fourth clause of the eighth sec-
tion of the first article was adopted, giving Con-
gress power " to establish a uniform rule of
naturalization." On the adoption of the Consti-
tution, all who were citizens of any of the United
States became citizens of the United States, en-
titled to equal political rights. But, when Con-
gress executed the power, and established a
uniform rule of naturalization, no foreigner could
claim in any State political rights without being
naturalized according to that rule. The princi-
ple, however, has not been considered as extend-
ing to the Territories. Political rights granted
to persons in Territories confer no rights of
citizenship which thev can claim in a State; and
the votes given in a Territory, so long as they
refer only to the local legislation of the Territory,
cannot affect the political power of any State.
The privilege of extending to foreigners the
right of voting for representatives to the territorial
legislature has been extended to the election of
delegates of the conventions for forming State
constitutions.
In the act of 1802 for the formation of the con-"
stitution of Ohio, the persons entitled to vote
were, " all male citizens of the United States, of
full age, resident within the Territory for one
year, having paid a territorial or county tax, and
all persons having in other respects the legal qual-
ifications to vote for representatives in the Gen-
eral Assembly of the Territory." The latter
clause must refer to the provisions in the ordi-
nance of 1787, before stated.
Tbeactof3d March, 1811, and 20th May,.1812,
extend the right of suffrage in Indiana and Illi-
nois to every free white male person  of the age
of twenty-one, who shall have paid county or ter-
ritorial tax, and resided one year in the Territory.
The acts of 19th April, 1816,and 18th April, 1818,
authorizing the elections of conventions to form
constitutions in those States, authorize every free
white male citizen of the United States, &c, <fcc,
and nil persons having in other respects the legal
qualifications to vote for representative, to vote
for delegates of the convention.  Thus aliens have
been permitted to vote for delegates to the con-
ventions for forming the constitutions of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois.    But would Congress, in
the case of Michigan, have allowed aliens to vote?
The act of 1805, establishing the Territory of
Michigan, secured  to the inhabitants the same
rights (of voting) that were granted by the ordi-
nance of 1787.    The act of 16th February, 1819,
authorizing that Territory to send a Delegate to
Congress, conferred the right of suffrage to free
whiTe male citizens of the Territory, who had
resided one year therein next preceding the elec-
tion, and had paid a county or territorial tax.
The act of 3d March, 1823, which virtually re-
pealed all prior acts relating to the rights of suf-
frage, provides " that all citizens of the United
States having the qualifications presented by the
act" of 16th February, 1819, " shall be entitled
to vote at any public election in said Territory,
and shall be eligible to any office therein," virtu-
ally repealing all former acts.   Thus, at the time
of calling the convention for the formation of the
constitution of Michigan, it was the fundamental
law of that Territory that none but citizens of
1 the United States, who had resided in the Terri-
tory one year next preceding the  election, and
had paid a county or territorial tax, should be
, entitled to vote.
1 There were several reasons for this law as ap-
plied to Michigan, which did not apply to either
of the th ree States. The Territory of M ichigan,
on its whole settled frontier, was contiguous to
a foreign, thickly-settled country, and where that
was not the case with either of the other States;
and it was necessary to change the law so as to
prevent such foreign population, usually trans-
ported across the line, from voting at our elec-
tions. Yet, in the face of this law of the land,
the Territorial Legislature has authorized for-
eigners to vote, and who had resided in the Ter-
ritory only twenty-two days previous to the
passage of the act. The act was passed on the
26th day of January, 1835. In the second section
the qualification of voters is prescribed:
"Sec. 2. That the free white male inhabitants of the said
Territory, above the age of twenty-one years, who shall
reside therein three months immediately preceding Satur-
day, the 4th day of April np.\t, in the year 1835, be, and
they are hereby, au(liori7."d to choose delegate* to form a
convention, who shall be elected m the several districts as
lollows, to wit."
Would Congress have passed an act of this
description ? If not, will they sanction it ? The
act is a fraud on the rights of the citizens of the
United States in that Territory. Why was the
4th of January fixed as the last day? I shall not
answer the question.
The constitution then, is the result of foreign
votes, and accounts for that objectionable clause
in it which naturalizes those foreigners who thus
secured the victory.
The constitution of Michigan was signed on
the 24th June, 1835, and contains the following
article;
"Art. II.— Elector*.—1. In all elections, every white
male citizen above the age of twenty-one years, having re-
sided in the State six month  next preceding any election,
shall be entitled to vote at such election ; and every white
male inhabitant of the aire aforesaid, who may be a resident
of this Siate at the time of the signing of this constitution,
shall have the right of voting as «foresaid."
Thus, every foreigner of the age of twenty-one,
who resided in the Territory on the 24th day of
December, is naturalized by this article of the
constitution, and clothed in express terms with
the highest political privilege of a citizen of the
United States.
Under a constitution thus formed, and contain-
ing this unconstitutional article, I cannot consent
to admit Michigan into the Union.
IV. Objection to the bill.
1st. The next position is, that it is not compe-
tent for the convention, as proposed to be called,
to ratify the boundaries named in the bill.
1.   It supposes the constitution, under author-
ity of which it is to be called, to be valid. For-
eigners will be entitled to vote for members of the
convention, and they will naturalize themselves
even in an additional section of territory.
2.   It calls on a portion of territory which is to
be excluded from the State to vote on a funda-
mental law of the State, not only in excluding
themselves from the State, but also in including
others; they may have a casting vote.
3.   It permits a convention, called by a defined
territory, to make a constitution for a territory
! not represented in the convention that formed it.
Should all the territory west of Michigan Lake
[that is proposed to be added] vote against being
added, still the major vote of the peninsula may
carry the question, and force them to become part
of a State, and under a constitution in the forma-
tion of which they have no vote.
2d. The last position is, that Congress cannot,
by an act of legislation, admit Senators and Rep-
resentatives to seats in Congress. It belongs to
each House separately to determine questions
concerning the elections of its members; and in
the present case the Representative was not
elected under any law. He derives his election
from the ratification of the constitution, under
the authority of this bill.
What is to be gained by this precipitate admis-
sion of Michigan ? If the act passes, it cannot
be represented during the present session. There
is ample time to pass an act for forming a Consti-
tution, and authorizing an election of a Repre-
sentative under it—for forming a constitution and
electing Senators and a Representative in season
to take a seat at an early day next session.
APPENDIX.
Extracts from the files and minutes of the Continental Con-
press, relating to the cessions of New York, Virginia, and
Connecticut.
Report of Mr. Boudinot, Mr. Varnum, Mr. Jenifer, Mr.
T. Smith, Mr. Livermore, on report of committee to whom
1 were referred the cessions of western lands to the United
1 States by Virginia, Connecticut, kc, and on memorial of
Illinois and Wabash Companies ; read November J, 1.81.
¡     April 10,1782.—Monday, April 15, 1782, assigned for the
consideration of thus report.
Entered on the Journal May 1. Cession of New York
accepted October 29,1782.                           „-„ ..„„„,
The committee to whom was referred a report of a com-
mittee on cessions of western lands to the United states,
&.C., submit the following report: That having had a meet-
ing with the agents on the part of New York, Connecticut,
and Virginia. * * * * That Congress do, in bebalt of
he United States, accept the cession made by the State of
New York, as contained in the instrument ot writing exe-
cuted for that purpose by the agents of New York, dated
the — day of-----last past, and now upon the hies ot con-
gress, and that the President do take the proper measures
