564
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
The Surplus Revenue—Mr. White.
Senate.
to have the «ame leg-ill) authenticated and registered in the
public records ot tin State ot New York
The reasons that induced jour committee to recommend
the acceptance ot tin- ci-~ion art —
l t It appeared to the coninntue tint ill the land  be-
loiviiv to tilt ímx Nation-, or their tributaries, have be< n,
indu iorji, put under thi protection ot Engl nid hj the said
¡m\ \atn i-, a- app ml i it to tht latt government ot Ntw
\ork so nr a~ n -)i it-jurisdiction onlj (\ uit Minuti s
ot Council ot \cw lorlv, lobo to 17b0, and paper annexed,
No  J )
21 ilnt tlit citizens of tht s-ud colonv of New York
ha\i bori i tin hu dm, bull is to bliotl md tri i-ttri, of
protictnu i"d siippc.ting tin said ím\ N won- and their
trihulJiii - lor upwards o a hutidrtd vears last past as the
otptmltiits and allies oi the said ¿ iveiumeut, tint the
Cicnvn ot n ml mil In- il« i\s con-id red and tioittd the
countrv ot tin sTid ¡mx Nitions md tlit ir trilmtaiu s mil ib
itints, as tar as the 4V ot noith latitude, appendant to the
government ot New \ork
3d Tint the neiffhbormg colonies of Massachusetts,
Connecticut, Pennsylvania, Maryland, and \ lrgima, have
 l«o trom time to time, by their public acts, rccoimized and
admitted the «aid ¡six Nations and thtir tributaries to be
appendant to the government of New York
4th That by Congress accepting this cession, the juris-
diction of the whole western territory belonging to the Six
Nations and their tributaries will b  vested in the United
fctates, greath to the advantage of the Union
Resohed, That Congrts  do earnestly recommend to the
States ot ¡Massachusetts and Connecticut that thev do,
without delav, rtkase to the United ¡Mates in Congrí ss
assembled, their claims and pretensions ot claims, to the
said western territory, without any conditions or restnt
Uons whatever
Resolicd, That Congress cannot, consistent with the
interest oi the United state-, the duty they owe to their
constituents, or the rights necessanlv vesttd in them as
the sovereign power of the United ¡states, accept ot the
cession proposed to be made by the State of Virginia, or
guaranty the tract of country clauntd by them in thtir
act ot cession referred to your committee.
REASONS
1    It appeared to your committee, from the vouchers laid
before them, that all the lands ceded, or pretended to be
ceded, to the United States by the State of Virginia, are
within the claims of the States of Massachusetts, Connec-
ticut, and New York, being part of the lands belonging to
the said Six Nations ot Indians and their tributaries
2    It appeared that a great part ot the lands claimed by
the State of \ írginia, and requested to be guarantied to them
by Congress, i- also within the claim ot tht State ot New
York, being also a part ot the country of the said Six Na
tions and their tributaries
3   It also appeared that a large part of the lands first
aforesaid, are to the we-tward ot the western boundary
line of the late colony of Virginia, established by the King
of Great Britain in council, previous to the present Revo
Iution
4.  Itappeared that a large tract of the said landshath been
legally and equitably sold and conveyed away under the
Government of Great Britain before the Declaration ol In-
dependence, by persons claiming the absolute property
thereof
5.  It appeared that in the year 176—, a very large part
thereof wa  separated and appointed for a distinct govern
ment and colony by the King of Great Britain, with the
knowledge and approbation of the government of V irgmii
6  The conditions annexed to the said cession areincom
patible with the honor, interests, and peace of tht United
States, and therefore, in the opinion of your committee,
altogether inadmissible
Resolved, That it be earnestly recommended to the State
of Virginia, as they value the peace, welfare, and increase
of the United States, that they reconsider their said att of
cession, and by a proper act for that purpose, cede to the
United States all claims and pretensions of claims to the
lands and country beyond a reasonable western boundary,
consistent with their former acts, while a colony under the
power of Great Britain, and agreeably to their just rights of
soil and jurisdiction at the commencement of the present
war, and that free from any conditions and restrictions
whatever.
DISTRICT BANKS.
REMARKS OF HON. JOSEPH KENT,
OP MARYLAND,
In Senate, June 3,1836,
On the bill to Recharter the Banks in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. KENT said:
Mr. President: I wish to make a few remarks
in relation to the bill under discussion before tho
question upon its passage shall be decided.
That the Senator from Missouri entertained
opinions upon the subject of banking peculiar to
himself I was aware; and that he would urge them
with his usual ability 1 never doubted; but I was
not prepared to hear him denounce institutions
en masse that so little deserved it as, 1 behve, the
banks within this District do. It is well known
to the Senate that all the banks in this District
were rechartered in one bill in 1817, and that
their charters will expire, and that abruptly, on
the 1st day of October next, unless they should
be renewed again during the present session.
The Committee for the District, after the most
careful and rigid investigation into the conduct of
the banks, and the condition of the curiency
issued by their, unanimously determined to re-
port the bill btfore you, with the íepott and
documents tint accompanied it, which fully jus-
tify the committee in framing such a bill, and if
I was suipnsi d at the Sen itoi 's denunciations of
tho&t banks, I was still more so at his attempting
to found his opinions upon what these documents
contained Sir, after the most careful scrutiny
into the condition of these institutions, I have
no hesitation in stating that they will bear a
favoiable comparison with any of the banks that
can be found in the States.
Let us look at the return made by the Secre-
tary of the Tieasury on the 7th January, 1836;
let us see then their condition; and it has been
improved since. I will take them in the older in
which they are presented in that report. On that
day there were in the—
Notes m circulation  Specie funds.
Aiechimcs'Bank,Georgetown.   $73,070 00      ¡fc6>,(J.84b
Union Bank ot Georgetown    ....91,970 00       102,'">71 40
Bank of the Metropolis    ..          . 33i 000 00       297 Í04 10
Bank of Washington        ..  .          69,993 00         6o 3% 97
Patriotic Bank ot Washington ..129 Soi 86 150 090 28
nrmtrs' Bank of Alexandria.... 113 242 jü 59,90728
Bank of Potomac, Alexandria   . lol,Ci9 54         86,283 98
All I have to ask of the Senate, Mr. President,
is, that they will examine carefully the documents
I have referred to, and the report made by the
committee,and I shall feel no appiohension about
what their decision will be, they will come to the
same conclusion that the committee have, espe-
cially when they recollect that within a few
months past the Bank of the United States has
closed its branch here.
Let the Senator take the deposit banks,—and
they cannot make a better exhibit than the Sec-
retaiy of the Treasury lias íeturncd to us of the
banks of this District,—and Ido not mean to dis-
paiage the deposit banks, for I believe that they,
as well as the banks generally throughout the
countiy, are in a good condition, with some few
exceptions, and that the deposit banks will be
able to pay over to the Government the amount
of public money deposited with them in a reason-
able time.
Why do I say that the banks generally are in
a sound condition ' Sir, I found my opinions
upon an official document communicated by the
Secretary of the Treasury, relating to State banks
and banking companies, dated January 5, 1836.
In this communication, he informs us that the
whole number of banks in the States and Terri-
tories was five hundred and fifty-eight, having a
capital of $231,250,337, with a circulation of
$103,692,495, susiained by specie in their vaults
amounting to $43,937,625. Sir, the amount of
specie possessed by the banks in proportion to
their circulation was never greater, that 1 recol-
lect. In 1830, when the condition of the banks
and the currency was as sound as it ever had been,
and eveiybody satisfied with it, the banks liad a
circulation of §61,313,898, sustained by a specie
basis of $22,114,917. Thus, sir, this official ex-
hibit makes the condition of the banks better at
this time than they have ever been before, and if
the currency is not as good, it proceeds from some
other cause than the want of specie to meet their
cash liabilities. It may be from a want of con-
fidence, produced by various causes, which I shall
not now detain the Senate to enumerate, and which
must be obvious to them.
The banks in the State of Maryland, from their
last general returns, are very strong; they were
never in a sounder condition, and the public de-
posits, I presume, could be paid at any moment;
and in this District, the amount of public money
is not greater than the demands of the Govern-
ment would absorb in the course of the year.
The heavy deposits of the public money are else-
where.
The Senator from Missouri has stated that no
exertion was made by the District banks to resist
the pressure that existed in April, 1834. The doc-
uments before the Senate exhibit conclusive evi-
dence that every effort was made which a sudden
and unexpected call admitted of. By referring to
the documents before me, 1 find that one of them,
with a capital of about $125,000, paid out, in cash
and cash means,$190,000 in twenty days preceding
the 17th April. But the Senator complains that
one of the office) s of those banks invited a meet-
ing of a committee from ill the banks, foi the
purpose of deciding on what was to be done to
meet the severe and unexpected pressuit with
which they weie beset. Why, sir, there was
nothing novel in this, we have high authority
for it
In New York, where the piessure was very
great, and strong apprehensions w i re entertained
that the banks could not resist the pressure, a
committee was appointed, consisting of twenty-
four individuals of high standing in the city, at
the head of which was Albert Gallatin, a host in
himself on such an occasion, who, in their íeport,
state.that the eighteen banks in the city, from
which they had complete returns, were liable,
exclusive of what was due to banks out of the
city, for $15,500,000, and the aggregate amount
of specie in their vaults was $1,652,000. This
the committee state was all-sufficient in ordinary
times. At this time these eighteen batiks have
nearly five times that amount of specie. This
committee appealed to the Bank of the United
States, and made strong representations for the
purpose of obtaining fi om the bank positive assur-
ances that no diminution, at least of their dis-
counts, or in the purchase of bills of exchange,
should take place in the city of New York, and
that the bank should also forbear to call for bal-
ances due from the city hanks, to all of which
the Bank of the United States acceded, and this
arrangement was wisely backed by an act of the
Legislature, providing a heavy loan to the banks,
and no portion of which was ever accepted.
The forbearance of the Bank of the United
States, and the act of the Legislature, restored
confidence; credit was reinstated; the business
men were relieved; and the relief given to New
York, the great center of commerce and of mon-
eyed transactions in our country, soon extended
itself over the United States, and the pressure
ceased. It is confidence alone which sustains
banks; none of them that has any circulation can
suddenly meettheirengagementsshould the whole
of then debts be demanded at once.
A very little aid to the District banks would
have relieved them; a fourth part of what was
given to other places by the Secretary of the
Treasury, almost without solicitation,would have
saved those from the mortification of suspending
specie payments that were obliged to do so.
I have stated, Mr. President, that the commit-
tee were unanimously of the opinion that the con-
dition of the banks in this District was good; that
the currency was as sound as that to be found in
any section of the country; and all I ask of the
Senate is to examine the documents laid before
them, and act towards the people of this District
as they would towards their own constituents.
The charter of every bank expires on the first
Monday in October next, and Congress alone
can secure them, and continue to the District its
circulating medium. But recently the branch of
the United States Bank here has been withdrawn
from them, leaving a heavy debt to be collected,
which, together with the sudden winding up of
all their banks, must overwhelm them.
THE SURPLUS REVENUE.
SPEECH OF HON. HUGH L. WHITE,
OF TENNESSEE,
In Senate, January 27, 1836,
On Mr. Benton's resolutions relative to the distribution of
the Surplus Revenue.
Mr. WHITE addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President: The first of the resolutions
submitted by the honorable Senator from Missouri
is the only one which, as yet, has been the sub-
ject of any remarks. In its original shape it was
not very definite, and since it has been modified,
on the suggestion of my colleague, it is less so.
It now proposes " that so much of the surplus
revenue, and the dividends of stock receivable
from the Bank of the United States as may be
necessary for the purpose, ought to be set apart
and applied to the general defense and permanent
security of the country."
This pledge will be indefinite, illusory,and de 
