566
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
bei of the Senate, except my colleague, who
joined me in the lobby behind the colonade after
our last vote He was kind enough to speak
favorably of my humble e Toit, and express his
regietthat I had not made my aigument before
the fiist vote: but neither he nor anv other mem-
ber of either House ever intimated that the Pies-
ldent wished such an appropriation.
I sincerely believed he did not, but in that it
seems I was mistaken, and the first notice I had
of my mistake was in his answer to a company
of gentlemen in New York, who, after the rise
of Congress, made him a tender of their services
to deftnd the country. Whether I would have
\oted for the amendmentin this loose shape, if I
had known it componed with the views of the
President, I do not pretend to say. I think I
ought not, but am willing to state, because such
is the truth, that if, upon reviewing my whole
votes since honored with a seat in this Chambei,
any votes could be found which I would wish
had not been given, the error is more attributable
to my unbounded confidence in the Executive,
and anxious desire to maintain him as far as I
conscientiously could, than to any other cause
whatever
But it has been urged by the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hubbard] that on
the 28th February the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations of the House had given
notice that when this bill should be taken up,
he would move an amendment appropnating
$1,000,000 for fortifications, and $2,000,000 for
the Navy, and that this accorded with the views
of the Executive; and the gentleman adds, the
members of the House no doubt made this the
subject of conversation, and that Senators would
probably secure the information; and also that
in the Globe newspaper of the 2d March this
notice is published, and has passed into the his-
tory of the country. To all this I answer I did
not hear of this notice. If any members with
whom I associated heard this notice, they never
mentioned it in my presence. So fai fiom it, one
of my colleagues of the other House, probably as
attentive as any member there, assures me he did
not hear any such notice; and when the amend-
ment was under consideration, he had a curiosity
to know whether the President desired the appro-
priation ornot, that he conversed with acolleague
sitting near him, and, neither of them knowing,
he asked another of his colleagues, then chanman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, who told
him the President did wish it, and added that he
must say nothing about it. He did say nothing
about it till since this discussion commenced
dunng the present session. With the motives
for this request to conceal I am not acquainted,
therefore can say nothing.
The other souice of information (the Globe) I
did not apply to; I never lead it till since I heaid
the gentleman's argument If I had wished to
read the newspaper for mfoimation, I had no
leisure; my place was here, my duty here, and
I had quite as much a<  I could attend to, without
reading the Globe. If I had wished information
to guide my judgment, and kit bound to look
into newspapcis for facts, the Globe is the last
place upon earth I should look into foi the tiuth
Again: If I had seen this notice, I am yet to
learn that the Picsident has any membei of this
House to act as his substitute, and to give that I
information to the Senate which we have a right, i1
by the Constitution, to receive from the Chief
Magistrate himself.
Lastly.   If I had seen that notice, I would not '
have supposed this section was intended by it.
The notice was specific—one million for ioitifica-
tions, and two millions for the Navy. The amend-
ment is for everything relating to either sea or
land, in a general mass, for the Executive to di-  ,
vide out, as well as he could, according to his I
discretion.    If the amendment had pursued the   '
notice, it would have been well expressed; but in
the shape presented in the bill, I doubt whether  j
the combined talents of the members of both ||
Houses can fíame a section on such sublets more
loose, more general, and moie indefinite than it
 s.
it has been insisted by the Senator from New
Hampshire that this sectioji did make a specific
appropriation of this three million dolleus, and
The Surplus Revenue—Mr. White.
was |ustified by precedents in the days of Gen-
eral Washington, Piesident Jefferson, and Pres-
ident Madison. By the term specific appropria-
tion, I understand that we mean the direction of
the law to apply a given sum of money to the
accomplishment of a particular object, in exclu-
sion of all others. If this idea be correct, this
section has no claims whatever to the appellation
of specific. The object of it was to place eveiy-
thing at the discretion of the Executive. 1st
Whether the money should be used at all. 2d.
If used, to apply it to any object he pleased con-
nected with the land or naval service, or d< fense.
The precedents refened to do not bear out the
arguments. The first is an appropnation of
$116,000, to pay the civil list. Heie the sum
must all be applied to the dischaige of the civil
list, and nothing else. The next is ¿,70,500 for
fortifications. Although it is not said what sum
should be applied to this or that foi tification, yet
the whole must be applied to fortifications, and to
no other object. The thud and last precedent
rests on the same principles. In the case now
undei consideration, eveiythmgis vague, indefi-
nite, and left to Executive discietion, and all this
without any communication fiom the President,
oi any estimate whatever. I venture another re-
maik, founded on what I heard said by a gentle-
man of much experience, not now among us, that
during the period of a popular Administration
was the very time we must expect bad precedents
to be set. These precedents, incautiously set
when we have unbounded confidence in the Ex-
ecutive, aie sure to be relied on in after times by
those who may wish to use power without regard
to the public welfare. Thi<< section, if adopted,
would in after times have furnished a precedent
by which any grant of the public money might
be made, to be used at Executive discretion.
I I now put it to gentlemen with whom, on
| former occasions, I had generally acted, to say
I whether, if such a grant had been proposed du-
| ring the late Administiation, a single man of
them would have voted for it' No. It would
have been said this money would be diawn and
used, not for the public interest, but in jobs, to
control and regulate public opinion. Upon this
matter, for one, I am perfectly satisfied that I,
and those who voted with me, were light in not
agieeing to this amendment; but the matter did
not end with the vote of the Senate; the bill did
not necessarily fall theieby. Let us pursue the
subject, and see when, how, and where the bill
was finally lost
The Senate íeturned the bill to the House, ac-
companied by a message, informing them that the
Senate adhei ed to then disagreement to the amend-
ment as to these three millions. Upon receiving
this message, it was competent to the House to
have receded fiom then amendment, and then
the bill would have passed, appropnating the
$869,000 pioposed by the Senate; but, instead of
that, they took a vote, and detei mined they would
notrecede (HouseJournal,page518.) Afterthis
(page 519) a motion was made that the House do
ask a conference on the disagreeing votes. This
motion was agieed to, and a committee of three
appointed, and a message sent to the Senate, ask-
ing it to appoint a committee to confer on the
subject. (This message is found in the Senate
Journal, page 236 ) As boon as it was received,
the Senate agreed to the conference,and appointed
a committee on their part. (Page 237.) In the
couise of a shoit time, the committee on the part
of the Senate returned, and reported that the con-
ferees had agreed to íecommend to their respective
Houses, as a substitute foi the three millions, an
appiopuation of $300,000 for arming the fortifica-
tions, and an additional appropnation of $500,000
for the repair and equipment of ships of war.
(Senate Journal, page 237.)
If each House had agreed to this leport, then
there would have been the appropriation of
$869,000 contained in the bill as sent from the
Senate, and an addition of $800,000, making, in
all, instead of $439,000, which the Executive had
asked, $1,669,000. Here the question recuis,
whose fault is it that this was not done? Un-
questionably not that of the Senate, Its conferees
had acted promptly, and promptly made their re-
port. The Senate could go no fm thti, it could take
no yote, as the bill and other papers had been
Senate.
carried to the House by the conferees on the part
oftheHouse. This was entuely wrong. When
the confeience ended, it was the duty of the con-
ferees on the part of the House to have dt hveied
the bill and papers to the conferees on the part
of the Senate, who would have presented them
when they made their report; the Senate could
then have sanctioned the report by a vote which
I have no doubt would have been unanimous
immediately sent the bill to the House, which
could have given its sanction, and the bill become
a law. Instead of this, the House confei ees kept
the bill and papers, and, by so doing, defeated the
whole bill.
The rule upon this subject is so perfectly plain
it cannot be mistaken. It is this in all cases
where a conference is asked before a vote of dis-
agreement, the conferees of the House asking the
conference, when it is over, must take the papers
back with thorn, because their House is entitled
to the next vote; but in eveiy case where a con-
ference is asked after a voteof disagieement, then,
when the conference is over, the conferees of the
House asking the conference must deliver over
the bill and papers to the conferees of the other
House, because that other House is entitled to the
next vote. In this case the Senate had voted to
adhere to their disagreement to the amendment.
The House had, after this, voted that they would
not recede, and then proposed the conference;
therefore, as the House had given the last vote,
the Senate was entitled to the next, and to enable
them to give it, it was tne duty of the conferees
of the House to have given the papers to the
conferees of the Senate, and, if they would not
receive them, they might have been left in the
committee room. This doctrine, so reasonable
in itself, is laid down in Jefferson's Manual at
187, title Conference, in language too plain to be
misunderstood, and it has been practiced on by
Congressin thecaseswith which I am acquaintedi.
(See the case of the bill for the relief of Mr. Mon-
roe, in Senate Journal, page 374, of the session
1825-26, and House Journal of the same session,
pages 616 and 628.)
Let it not be supposed that the conferees of the
two Houses were equally to blame for permitting
the papers to remain with the conferees not en-
titled to them after the conference ended, because
the conferees of the Senate did not know, and had
no means of knowing, that the House had voted
not to recede after the Senate had voted to adheie.
Stiange as the fact may seem, the tiuth is, that
the House, in its message to the Senate propos-
ing the confeience, omitted to state the fact that
a vote not to recede had been taken after the
House last received the bill. (See the message,
Senate Journal, page 236 ) Hie conferees on
the part of the House knew the fact, because
their Journal shows they were present and voted.
(See the House Journal, pages 518, 519 ) The
conferees of the House having improperly taken
the bill and papéis, and thereby put it out of the
power of the Senate to take any step whatever,
aie answeiable for all the consequences.
I do not state this omission in the message by
way of censure on the Clerk for any intentional
wiong. All these matters relative to this bill took
place in the night, in the confusion which occurred
at the end of the session; and it is very seldom
that the most temperate and prudent are as well
qualified to do business, or have their wits as well
about them aftei a comfortable dinner as they
have in the early part of the day.
Mr. President, let us now see what the con-
ferees of the House did with these papers after
taking them from the conference room. They
returned to the House, and the chairman made
no report whatever, the Senate waited from one
to two hours, and, being able to hear nothing,
sent a message respectfully calling the attention
of the House to this subject. (See the House
Journal, p. 530.) Then the chairman stated that
the committiee had returned at the time a vote was
taken on a resolution pr >viding for the payment
of Mr. Letcher, by which it was ascertained
there was not a quorum, and that the constitu-
tional term had expired,and thatfor these reasons
he had declined making a report. Mr. Lewis,
' another member of the committee, then took the
i papéis and made the repoit, which was never
I acted on, and thus the matter ended.
