568
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
The Surplus Revenue—Mr. Ewing.
Senate.
the information which I propose to call for, let
us make use of such as is already furnished, and
Bee to what conclusion the facts and reasoning
\thich we find in the Executive communications
on file will lead us.
The appropriations for fortifications have, for
the last seven years, averaged about eight hun-
dred thousand dollars, more or less. That of
1834 was about nine hundred and fifty thousand
dollars; and that of 1835, it is well known, en-
tirely failed. Now let us see from the Depart-
ments themselves, how they succeeded in apply-
ing and expending to advantage the ordinary
appropriations such as we have found them; from
which we can infer their ability to expend to ad-
vantage ten or twelve millions a year of an excess
over the ordinary appropriations.
The first difficulty which I propose to suggest,
in my inquiry as to those very large appropria-
tions, is the want of competent engineers to pro-
ject and prepare the plans for our works, and
superintend them. This requires men of science
and men of experience—have we got them' Can
we procure them ready to our hand, furnished to
order, whenever we may be disposed to vote money
for fortifications ? Let us harken to the President
on this subject. I refer to the documents accom-
panying his message to the two Houses of Con-
gress, of the 2d December, 1834, (document No.
2, pages 112,113.) It is from the report of the
Chief Engineer, General Gratiot, and refers as
well to appropriations for roads, rivers, and har-
bors, as for fortifications. Listen to his plain,
explicit, and intelligent exposition of this subject.
" Ninety-one different appropriations, amounting to more
than two millions of dollars, have been referred to this
Department for application within one fiscal year; and to
accomplish this, and to meet all the responsibility which
it involves, the Department is provided with only twenty-
seven officers, whose services can with certainty dp com-
manded, and of these about one third have had no expe-
rience The consequence is, that works of the utmost
importance, with large sums of money, are committed to
the hands of agents unknown to the Department, with no
certainty whatever that the one will be properly managed,
or the other faithfully applied and accounted for Beside ,
these agents are very numerous; their compensation is
drawn from the appropriations under which they are em-
ployed. Citizens acting in the responsible capacity of con-
structing engineers and disbursing agents, must be well
paid; and hence large amounts of many of the apppropn-
ations are diverted from their proper objects, and applied
to the payment of salaries. But it this was the extent of
the evil, it would be comparatively unimportant. Large
sums aie lost for want of sufficient agents qualified to pro
tect and execute plans for the improvements ordered by
Congress. A reference to the numerous reports on the
failure of work , particularly to my last annual report, will
abundantly show that this, remark is not induced by any
hypothetical case; it is unfortunately the suggestion of ex-
perience , so that, besides being executed badlv as to dura
bility, and as regards neatness and appearance, in a manner
little calculated to do us any credit, many of our public works
coat on an average at least fifty per cent more than they
would under a different arrangement There is certainly
no economy in this. Enough money has been wasted within
the last few years to have supported a corps of professional
engineers sufficient for the proper management of all the
national improvements in the countiy.
So much with regard to engineers. We have
but twenty-seven; and of these General Gratiot
tells us one third part is without experience, and,
as a matter of course, cannot be intrusted with a
work which requires—and that no one can doubt
is the case with all our fortresses—science and
experience. Both are essential to their success.
No one can found, and plan, and erect, strong
and durable fortresses, without both these qual-
ities. How, then, are we to expend, in the present
year, ten or twelve millions upon fortifications,
when we could not, in 1833-34, expend one tenth
part of that sum for the same objects? Our engi-
neer corps has not since been increased, or ren-
dered more efficacious. It is true there is a bill
pending before Congress to increase it; but,
though we may pass a law very quickly, and very
easily, to that effect, yet we do not so quickly
make for ourselves a more numerous and effective
engineer corps. It requires time—the study and
experience of years—to make an engineer that
can be relied on. So, do what we will, years
must elapse before we can have a corps of engi-
neers much more effective than we have at present.
And if we appropriate $10,000,000 this year for
fortifications, it must either be wasted and mis-
applied, or $8,000,000 out of the $10,000,000
must remain on hand an unexpended balance.
But this is not all.   Mechanics and laborers,
it seems, cannot be procured in sufficent numbers
to enable us to apply all the money that we now
appropriate, much less such sums as we are
called upon to appropriate to these objects On
this subject 1 have looked to the Executive mes-
sage at the commencement of the present session,
and, considering all the circumstances, I confess I
was surprised to find the state of facts to be as it
really is.
By the act of June, 1834, there was appropriated
to certain foitifications near New York, $150,000;
that is to say: to Fort Columbus and Castle Wil-
liam, on Governor's Island, $50,000; and to Fort
Schuyler,on Throg'sNeck,$100,000 Itappears
by the same report of the Chief Engineer, (Doc.
No. 2, p. 100,) that good progiess was made in
these works in 1834, especially the prepaiatory
paitofit.    He says:
"The most ample preparations have been made; a per-
manent wharf will be in readiness by the time it is required;
the necessary boats and machinery have been provided, an
ample qinrryol good stone prepared, and indeed everything
that imv tend to expedite the work when commenced will
be found in waiting "
Now, we all know that there was no appropri-
ation to any of these objects in 1835, so that
nothing remained to be done that year but to ap-
ply the unexpended balance of 1834 to those and
other like works, all in a state of forwardness.
And was this done' Could it be done ' Let the
Chief Engineei answer. I read fioni the docu-
ments accompanying the President's message of
the 8th December, 1835, (Doc. No. 1, p. 101:)
" Fort Schuyler, Throg's Neck, East IIiver, New
York —It was hoped, from the ample preparations made
last year, and the funds available for their application, that
the construction of this fort would have been prosecuted
the present year with much vigor But though materials
and facilities of every description have been in wailing, it
has been impossible to procure a sufficient force to carrj on
the work with the progress that was desired No exertion
has been spared to facilitate the operation, either by letting
parts on contract or by hired labor, and unavailing efforts
have been made to collect the necessirj force lirBo^ton,
Newport, Connecticut, and the western part ot New
York  
So that the balance of the appropriation of
about $950,000, made for fortifications in 1834,
could not be expended in 1835 for want of me-
chanics and laborers. I would ask gentlemen
here what they would have done with the regular
appropriations last year for those objects, if the
bill had passed' Could they have applied it; or
would it lather have added another large item to
the account of unexpended balances' And more
particularly, what would have been done with the
item of three millions if it had been accepted by
the Senate, and the bill had become a law' I
know of no satisfactory answer to these inquiries,
therefore I expect none. Of one thing, however,
I am perfectly satisfied now, and it was a matter
of very difficult solution to me heretofore. This
state of things in the Departments accounts fully
for the unwillingness of the friends of the Admin-
istration to appropriate the sums to these objects
which we of the Opposition have heretofore
thought necessary. There was danger of causing
animadversions upon the Executive Departments,
for failing to apply to the defense of the country
funds which the two Houses had appropnated to
that object.
But let us, in passing, take a single glance at
the Navy appropiiations, and see whether they
have been as large as could be advantageously
applied to their particular specified objects. We
have it in a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
of February 3d, 1836, (Doc. No. 96.) By this
it appears that the whole amount applicable to
the naval service for the year 1835 was $7,314,277.
The amount expended was $3,600,243. Leaving
a balance on December 31st, 1835, of $3,714,034;
which the Executive did not cause to be expended
in the year 1835, for the reason, doubtless, that
it could not be expended with advantage to the
service. What, then, would be done with the
prodigious appropriations which it is now pro-
posed to make for these objects' Why, surely,
remain on hand year after year as unexpended
balances.
In the view that I take of this subject, I go dis-
tinctly upon the hypothesis that there is no dan-
ger whatever of a war with France. Indeed, the
supposition that there ever was the slightest rea-
son to apprehend it,unless, indeed,it were brought
on by some secret order, on one side or the other,
of which the country could know nothing until
too deeply involved to recede; that there evei lirs
been any probability of war,m the usual lcgitima'e
course of things, has always seemed to me an id'e
supposition. The only thing that p\er looked like
it was the proposition in the President's message
to order letters of marque and íeprisal. This
however, met with no response in either branch
of Congress; it therefore fell to thegiound. How
then, stood the question' Fiance was offended
with the message of the Piesident, but she asks
no explanation, except as a condition to the pay-
ment of the money. Fiance says the Amencan
President has insulted her King in his message to
the American Congress; ard, although we owe
you a sum of money, wc will not pay it until
the offensive language is explained. Ridiculous
enough, in all conscience; much more of the ri-
diculous than of the arrogant. There is no threat
on their pait to attack us, this fleet of observation
is like the storm-ship of the Tappaan Zea—itap-
pears only in a hurricane; indeed, the ground on
which they have rested the matter forbids them
at once from ever assuming a belligerent attitude
for this until we make the first advances. Then
as to ouiselves; it is too late for us to make war
for the original injury—the taking and condemn-
ing our ships and cargoes in violation of the law
of nations. This thing might once have been
done, had we been able to make them feel our
resentment when the injury was recent. But that
time has gone by, and he who inflicted the wrong—
that mighty man who, for the first fifteen years
of the present centuiy, was himself France—is
long since beyond the reach of our resentment,
be we now ever so mighty.
" After life's fitful fever he sleeps well "
And we cannot declare war for the original injury,
because our own spirit has slumbered too long to
be provoked at this day by the voice of honor
speaking fiom the tombs of by-gone years; and,
still more, we have treated on this subject. The
present King of France has confessed the wrong,
agreed with us as to the extent of the injury, and
promised reparation. It has, therefore, become
a liquidated debt; by mutual consent it is so, and
the original trespass is merged in the subsequent
accord.
But Louis Philippe now refuses payment be-
cause there were doubts entertained here by some
of our public functionaries whether he really in-
tended to pay or not. Now, this refusal does not,
I confess, appear to me the wisest mode that could
possibly be adopted for removing those doubts;
and even if expressions were made use of by our
President which gave just offense to the honest
pride of France, it is not, I incline to think, the
most efficacious mode of vindicating national
honor, to refuse to pay a national debt. But still
there is nothing to occasion war, unless we wish
it for its own sake. Now, as to the apology.
Not being one of the President's confidential ad-
visers, or at least not being called upon by him
for counsel in this matter, in the only way in
which I am one of his advisers, I have not here-
tofore thought it necessary to say anything on
the subject, for 1 have never supposed that the
opinions of gentlemen on this side of the House
would have much weight in his councils, even if
they were offered. But as the Senator from Ten-
nessee has come out openly and candidly, and
told us, with his usual precision, " what he 18
for," I have no objection to give him my opinion
also.
Then I say, that I most heartily disapproved
of the message which involved the country in this
unprofitable contest. I thought, and still think,
that the President was not warranted, by the
state of the facts, to intimate suspicions against
the honor of the French King; nor did I think
that the negotiation would be forwarded by a
threat of resorting to reprisals. I thought it all
ill-timed and ill-judged; but this is not yet to the
point—the question of apology.
The authorities of France seem to have mis-
taken the nature of their own Government as well
as ours. It never struck me that it was consist
ent with the true dignity of that nation that the
Executive head should, in his diplomacy with a
foreign Power, speak of the popular branch of
their Government, and make the difficulty of
