í>72
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 9,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
upon the ocean is yet to be fought. I hope we
may nevei be called to the awful contest, but the
same pissions and lusts, from whence come wars
and fightings, still hold a place in the human
bieast, and we can have no security against war.
In the awful event of a tremendous conflict, this
country must be defended by "wooden icalls "
It is the duty of Government, in time of peace,
to prepare, to a certain extent, for war, for defense,
and to make preparations more especially for
such objects as requiie time. War is not ordi-
nanly declared -without some calculations as to
the power of the assailants, as well as the means
and ability of their enemy to sustain and defend
themselves against aggiession An adequate
prepaiation foi defense may, therefore, and often
does, pi event the occurrence of war. Such defense,
resulting in the preservation of peace, of all others,
would be most desirable to me. The burden and
expense of a preparation and defense which
should prevent wai, would seem light indeed,
and be most cheerfully borne by those who delight
in peace.
Our physical and moral capacity to build and
maintain a navy is unquestionable The history
of our naval enterprises, from the commencement
of the revolutionary wai, and long before that
period, even as far back as the old wars with
Fiance, to the present time, has afforded the
most conclusive evidence of skill and intrepidity.
" The achievements of our Navy have stamped
its chaiacter with the countiy and the world.
The simple iccital of its exploits is the highest
eulogium which can be pronounced upon it."
Intel est and duty present the strongest obliga-
tions for sustaining and improving a defense so
effective and so essential to our protection. In
recounting oui achievements upon the ocean, it
becomes us, as wise men and legislatois, to search |l
deeply and thoroughly into the true causes of our I
success, that we may not fail in futuie to sustain
the high rank we have assumed
I would cheerfully accord to our naval com-
manders all the praise which has been so justly
bestowed, still we must view the subject as phi-
losophers, who would trace effects to their tiue
and final causes. I am quite sure we have been
very much indebted for past success to a partic-
ular claims of seamen, more skillful, more intrepid,
more everything efficient and useful, in peace or
war, than can be found elsewhere upon the globe.
The best officeis and the best ships, with all prep-
aration, can afford no assurance of future success
but by the aid of these seamen Our officers of
the Navy are now libera'ly paid, and their suc-
cessful enterprises are sure to receive the most
valued reward—the high commendation of their
country. But the seamen, who are justly enti-
tled to a large shaie of applause, are not suffi-
ciently regarded or rewarded. Justice has not
been done them     We are deeply in their debt.
From the early settlement of the Pilgrims at
Plymouth we have been a maritime people; com-
merce and the fisheries succeeded and prospeied
at an eaily period in our history Whatever
other interest has desponded or sunk in compe-
tition with European nations, our navigation and
fisheries have maintained an ascendency. They
have maintained a successful competition under
disadvantageous and unequal terms. Our whale
fisheries have received but a small share of the
favors and protection which England, Fiance,
and Holland, have bestowed upon theirs. Men i
educated in the whale fishery, partneis in the
voyage, and directly interested in its success,
inured to cold and heat and danger, stimulated
to exeit their utmost energies, acquue a knowl-
edge, enterprise, and power upon the ocean pos-
sessed by no othei men. Success undti ordinary
(and I would say under unfavoiable) encum-
stanccs would attend the efforts of a ship well
commanded, and manned with such a crew.
We cannot dispense with the skill, seamanship, i
and intrepidity of our fishermen Without the
aid of seamen educated in the whale fishery and |
in our othei fishenes, I fear neither good ships
noi good officeis could avail us Raw and un- i
tutoied men may soon be instructed and disci-
plined in our Ai my, and rendered efficient soldiers.
Not so with the naval service Seamanship and
the íequisite qualifications for the Navy íequire
expetience. and  the  habits, knowledge, skill, I
Exploring the Pacific—Mr. Reed.
and intrepidity learned alone by long service on
board ships and vessels, and best learned by those
who are employed in the fisheries. To such men
legitimate wai fare has no terrors, and victory is
no theme of boasting. They speak not of their
own triumphs, or fight their battles over again.
A neighbor of mine, by the name of Taylor,
during the last war with Great Britain, who had
been master of a ship, enlisted in some humble
office, for one year, in the Navy His service was
on the lakes, under Commodore Perry. In knowl-
edge of navigation and personal bravery he was
little inferior to that gallant and distinguished
officer. He served faithfully the full term of hi3
enlistment, and rendered, by his skill and cour-
age in manuvering one of the vessels, the most
valuable aid in Perry's memorable victory. His
discharge was unjustly withheld, and he left the
service without receiving a cent for his wages
On a sick bed, he sent for me to visit him, and
stated his services and claim for pay. I asked
with surprise, were you in " Perry's victory>"
He answered, he was. Why, I rejoined, has it
not been known to your neighbors' Why have
you delayed ten years to demand your wages'
He replied that he had done no more than his
duty; that he rejoiced at the victory; that, being
compelled to leave the ship without a discharge,
although he had served longer than his enlist-
ment, by the usages of the Navy, be supposed he
was marked run on the rolls; that he considered
that mark a badge of dishonoi, and the thought
of meeting it, ho we ver unjust and unmerited, had
hitherto deterred him, but that now, being sick
and in need, he felt compelled to ask for it. His
story was true. I obtained his pay, and handed
it to him a few days before he died, and assured
him if there had been a foul blot on the rolls of
his ship against his name, there was none on his
fair fame and character. I need not tell the result.
Ex uno disce omnes. It is the character of seamen.
Sufficient pains has not been taken to learn, duly
estimate, and publish their characters. It is no
pait of the character of a seaman to speak of
their own services. By inquiry, I have ascer-
tained that there was not a battle fought during
the last war on the ocean, on the lakes, rivers, or
sea-boajrd, from Maine to New Orleans, in which
the citizens of the district I have the honor to
represent did not participate, and in no case did
they take pai t, in which then skill, cnterpnse,
and couiage, was notconspicuous I insist upon
it, the value of such men, though justly estimated
by officers and a portion of the people, is not well
undei stood by the public. I heard a Butish naval
officer remark that American seamen united the
activity of the French with the strength of the
English, and manuvered a vessel better, and
fired four times while a British vessel fired tlnee
times. Good officers, with good ships, well pre-
pared, manned with such men, can do anything
and everything But take away the men, give
them oidinaiy seamen, and faiewell to all just
hopes of extiaordinary success
These facts are well understood by those nations
who contend for power and the mastery upon the
ocean   In their encouiagement of commeice and
the fisheries, and especially the latter, they have
ulteuor views. They look to then marine   They
regaid  it as the most  effective preparation for
naval warfare.    It has long been a maxim, that
the fishenes are a nursery for seamen     It con-
tains tiuth; but more might be added, equally
true, that the fisheries are a nursery for the best
and most efficient seamen     In the event of war i
these thousands of men now on board your fish- I
ing vessels would immediately return to defend
their country.    Piepaied to render the most effi-
cient service, they would at once man your Navy  1
They are better disciplined, and better qualified ,
by their employment than they would be if kept I
and paid on boaid your navy, and they are thus
qualified without expense to their country.     I I
repeat, their employment necessarily ends when 1
war begins, so that they are suie to be in readi- i
ness.    They stand as minute men always, and
volunteers in the defense of their country, seeking
posts of trial, skill, and danger.    Such men aie
the bulwaik and defense of the nation     Shall
they petition us in vain for aid and assistance in
a case where it can be so easily afforded, and
where at the same time so great general and com-'
Ho. of Reps.
mercial benefits are promised > Shall we refuse
to protect those who protect us> Shall we i efus 
a small appropriation to save those who regard
no sacrifice too great in defense of their country >
There are at the present time a number (it is
not known how many) of our citizens exiles, and
slaves to the mostwretched barbarians. Wrecked
and cast away upon those inhospitable islands,
they are at once captives and in bondage, and no
courage or enterprise can hold out to them the
hope of escape by their own effoits They must
look to the aid of friends far, far from them, nor
can they inform those friends of their situation
and sufferings Their condition can be better
imagined than described Their wives and chil-
dren, and parents and friends, feel and suffer as
friends must suffer, and would regard no sacri-
fice too great, could they afford relief. For them
I have often applied to the Secretaries of our
Navy, hoping to obtain relief. Aid has not been
refused in terms,but promised, when ships could
be spared, or when the islands could be visited
in some return voyage, without departing too far
from the direct course. Even these light promises
reach not the ears of the unhappy exiles, for they
have no communion with country or fnends; but
they have excited hope in the bosom of their
friends, but it has been hope deferied; it has
made the heart sick.
Our commerce and fishery in the Pacific demand
Í)rotection. The commerce and fisheries of Eng-
and and France are very differently situated.
They receive protection. Our navy (and more
ships aie wanted in those oceans) should visit
those islands, and give the most conclusive evi-
dence of our power, which would make those
savages afiaid to perpetrate cruelty and murder,
and they should also, by kindness and regard to
those savages, teach them the just principles of
civilization and religion, and thereby improve
their condition and our own.
Our Navy has saved us the dishonor of paying
tribute to the barbatians of the Mediterranean:
let it protect the lives and property of our fellow
men in the I acifiCj and íescue unfoi túnate men
from distressing captivity.
Our Navy is intended to protect our countiy,
the citizens of the country, and property of the
people, our citizens and property in the Pacific
need its support and protection, and have a just
claim upon us for it
All the naval assistance needed miy, in my
opinion, be afforded in a shoit time, without in-
convenience or much expense, or turning aside
fiom the main objectof the expedition. It would
be most salutary and useful to discipline, instruct,
and impiove the officeis of the Navy Nothing
could be better calculated to piepaie them for the
most important service, nothing so bad as letve
of absence, waiting ordeis. It will be found diffi-
cult for your young men to endure such tempta-
tion and maintain then characters. I fear want
of employ will often end in dishonor and ruin
Let us, then, furnish them useful and profes-
sional employment, that they may protect and
honor themselves and their country
Mr. Chan man, I ftel the force of that part of
the íepoit of the committee of the Senate which
recognizes and admits that, as a nation, we are
bound to contribute something to the stock of
geneial knowledge of geography, and the descrip-
tion of those paits of the globe yet unknown to
mankind. We have explored no sea, but we
have received, and used, and piofited by the
information and charts of all other maritime
nations If we aie not bound by the laws oT
nations to render a quid pro quo, we are bound
by a higher law, the law of eternal justice, having
abundant means, to pay for benefits thus leceived.
Other nations have moie or less explored oceans
and marked and published the rocks and shoals
of danger, and pointed out harbors of refuge and
safety, and for our benefit as well as their own.
We hold the information as an invaluable treasure.
Oceans and seas ai e common highways of nations,
and their productions are common property. VVe
enjoy our full shaie of their occupation and ben-
efits shall we refuse to discharge the obligations
we are under to other nations as tenants in com-
mon with us' Shall we refu&e to prosecute these
explorations and surveys, and give to the world
i charts not heretofore furnished, pointing to dan-
