1836-1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
•24th Cong....1st Sess.
Indian Annuities—Mr. Everett.
Ho. of Reps.
the Seminóles were a separate band, and as such
were unit, d with the Crieks. The treaty of
Fame's Landing contemplated a reunion—notan
amalgamation Bv the treaty concluded with the
('•teks west, on the 14th lVbiuarv, 1833, and
the sunplemt ntal Seminole tretty ot 23'h March,
lc'13, the Seminole^ were to be ¡ocated bv them-
selves, and a tract of land was designan d for their
locttion The rights to anv location depended
ctirelv on tlie assent of the Cieek nation. The
Cre< K"s west assented for themsehes only; but
in relation to this the Creeks east were neither
consulted nor informed The fact of this treaty
of the Cieeks west was concealed fiom them.
Pernaps the term concealed is too stronsr; it was
not, however,communicated to them. These, as
inferences, are drawn from a document which I
w ill now ask the Clerk to read. It is a lettei from
Gtn-'ial Caton to the Secietary of War, of the
8th March, 1835, to a portion of which 1 will ask
the -mention of the committee:
'■ There is another dihVultv in the minds of the e people
a separate trai t, out ot the Creek I mils. Ins been set apart
tor tin ir homes. There is a rat.ned treaty... yourothce,
ru<ide bv Ct n ml ^pike , LH-worth, and Schermerhom,
\v ti the Crick-, «hull .un'iori/e- the loetlinn K'/iilc
nr;viii unwell the Indian  I- t t/crr at \\ o-hi niton, I un-
der-to h1 tlie t reek  ttiscotered tin  act, and had -ent word
la the Seminole bind-that, while thev were willing to re-
te \e Uit m in i'ieu limits i  a portion ot their nation, thiy
w -hi d n t-'íi tin .ii to en1 n atn  t piran allotment ot
feir ml Tin . too h i  intimidated them, and l- I dare
sav, the <--ential cause oí their reluctance to go oil ''
Yis, s.r, in the winter of 1834 they tííscot erf tí
thiswtsttrn Creek treaty mining the sepílate
locador they r y cted r, they had a light so to
do. Tin y si'nt word to the Seminóles that they
would ot ngice t "> it, and th.s, G^ neral Etton
savs, w is, ri his opinion, the essential cause of
t'n ir ref isal tojo off. But how was tins mate-
nil"- What objection could the Seminóles have
to an amalgamation w 'th the Creek nation' I ask
the at'  ntior of the committee to the grounds of
their objection.
B/ tl e Crct k tn atv of 1821,befoie mentioned,
it wis a;iuil that the sum of *,250,000 of the
mom y to bo paid to the Cieeks lor the cession
of their lands should be paid to citizens of Geor-
gia,  foi   proo'ntv   taken   or   destroyed   by   the
Cieeks (then including the Seminóles) pi tor to
the passive of tlie intercourse act of 1^02, and
whn h w \s accordingly reserved and subsequently
paid.    The spoliation  provided  for must have
taken place nineteen years before this treaty; and
during these nineteen years individuals claimed
and possessed the property ouginally taken fiom
the citiztns of Georgia.    The tieaty on the part
of the Creeks could never have been intended to
disturb the rights of individuals of the tribes, or
any of its btnds      Betwftn the date  of that
treaty and that of the Seminole treaty of 1832,
no such claim was set up.    In the mean time
ln'ermarnagrs had taken place between the Sem-
lnoh s and their slaves.   The first wi heai of any
ch'm was prior to the ratifiont.on of the treaty
of Payne's Landing    General Thompson, in his
report of the 1st of January, 1834, to Governor
Duval, and by him inclosed to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs on the 20th, says:
"The principal cau-e  «Inch operate to cheri-h thi 
feeling hostile to emigration are first, tlie fe u ti.it their re-
union with theOeeks, which will subject them to the gov-
ernment and control of the Creeks' National Council, will
be a surrender ot a large negro property to the Creeks as
antagonist claimant' " " The Creek ' claim to the negroes
row in pos e—ioii of the Seminole  grow  out of the treaty
of 1821 " " They have an agent now in the Seminole
countrv urging the claim ot the Creeks to negroes or their
descendants, winch formed a part ot the con ideration for
which the Creeks consented to pay the $230,001) to the
Georgia claimant- "
It will be seen that the claim thus brought for-
ward in 1834 referred to transactions of thiity-
two \ears' standing, and was for negroes taken,
and their descendants—for the wives and children
of the Seminóles.
General Thompson, in his letter to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs of the 15th July, 1834,
again refers to this claim in connection with the
suhji ct of amalgamation:
' If, a* a d.stinct bod), under the protection and control
of their own ihief , Incited on the territory as-ignedto them
adjoining the Cieek , the Seminole  would be afraid that
a general council of the two tribes would deprive ttiem ot
¿he slave,- in question, it seems to me that their fears coma
not fail to be greatly increased l.y a promiscuous introduction
of them among the Creeks, which would reduce their chiefs
to privates, and -ubjeet them and their «laves more cer-
tainh to the entire control of the Creek  "
Thus it appeals their objection to amalgama-
tion was founded on substantial reasons. Nor
were they bound by the tteaty to amalgamate '
with the Creeks; nor were the Cieeks east"bound
by the act of the Citeks west, assigning them a
stpaiatt location. The country west was ceded
to the whole Cieik nation, no pait of it could be
ceded to the Sumiiolis, without the assent of the
Cieik nation; neither the fust ten Creek enu-
i*iants nor the fust bundled, nor the fiist two
thousand foui hundred and fifty-nine, had the
light to cede the whole or any part of the terri-
toi v.
Thus it appears, in point of fact, that the dele-
gation signed the supplementary treaty at Fort
Gibson, surrounded by our commissioners and
people, without consulting their tribe, that they
never consulted the Creeks east; that no location
was made that was authorized by the Creek na-
tion , and that this was known to the commission-
eis at the time the supplemental treaty was signed.
In addition to this, that the Creeks east insisted
on then amalgamation, the Creeks west had
agretd only to a reunion; that the Seminóles, for
substantial reasons, íefused to amalgamate, and
that all this was known to our Government be-
fore the ratification of the tieaty. The act, then,
of the delegation, howevei formal, was an act
done without authority, and, in its operation, in
fraud of the rights of the Seminóles. Can, then,
the United States honestly or decently avail them-
selves of this act as evidence of the fulfillment of
the condition piecedent' It should be borne in
mind that the question íaised is between the par-
ties to the treaty, and not between one of the
parties and us aniens, or between the executive
and legislative power.
The next objection to the validity of the treaty
is, that it was not ratified on our part, and an ap-
propriation made to carry it into effect, until two
years had elapsed; during which period it was,
by its teims, to have been in the course of exe-
cution.
The treaty was concluded on the 9th of May,
1832, and was íeceived on the 29th; and duung
the session of Congress which adiourned on the
16th of July ,ptoviston was made for commission-
ers on our pait to meet the Seminole delegation
at Foit Gibson, in Octobei, 1833.    At what time
either arrived there, or foi what reason the sup-
plemental treaty, or that with the Creeks west,
was delayed, does not appear.    The tieaty with
the Creeks was signed at Fort Gibson on the 14th
of February, 1833, and the supplemental Seminole
treaty on the 28th of March following, and re-
ceived at Washington on the 28th of October of
the same year.    The Seminole treaties were rat-
ified on the 8th and 12th of April, 1834.    From
this statement of facts, it will be seen that the
treaty of 1832 might have been ratified in 1832,
and tin appropnation been made provisionally for
its execution in 1833     The condition precedent
I was to be fulfilled by an act on the part of the
I Seminóles, and required no subsequent assent on
! our part.   On these facts I submit, as an opening
\ argument against the validity of the treaty, an ex-
1 tract from the letter of General Eaton, of the 8th
of March, 1835, which has been read:
" I have received your Utter, with its inclosures, rela-
tive to removing the Seminole Indians, under the provisions
ot the treaty of 1832, but which was not ratified until 1834. I
pray you, does not this circumstance rai-e a doubt whether,
bv bUiit rule, the treaty can be con-idered valid and bind
in '   Our Indian compacts mu-t be construed and con
trolled b> the rules which civilized people practice, because,
in all our actir-is with them, wc have put the treaty making
machinery in operation, precisely in the same way, and to
the same extent, that it is employed with the civilized Pow-
er  of Europe    The rule practiced upon by us has been,
and is, that the ratification shall take place either within
an agreed time, or in a reasonable time.   When Florida
was ceded, in 1819, the Cortes tailed to exchange ratifica
tions within the prescribed time, and afterward , at a sub
sequent session, it was assented to by the Spanish Cortes.
The sen«e of tins Government was, that the first ratifica-
tion made by the Senate was inoperative, and again the sub
ject was submitted by Mr Monroe for the action and np
nroval of the Senate   This appears to me to be a precedent
1 ¡hat runs parallel with this Indian compact    It says, one
I third shall remove the first vear, viz ■ as early as practicable
in 1833; and one third in the next, and the next, ISJ4-JO
I Now, until 1834, when the ratification took place, the treatv
, was ,i dead letter    It is in their power now to plead, and
say, we were ready in 1833-34; and, hearing nothing ot
I jour determination, we had a right to suppose you did not
mean to stand hy the treaty, and accordingly our minds have
changed With civilized nations, I think the plea would
be available, and, if so, the Indian should have the benefit
of it "
In consequence of this letter, the subject was
referred to the Attorney General, whose opinion
I  now present to the committee:
Attorney Genfuil's Office, March 26,1835
Sir- In jour letter of the 21st instant, alter inclo-wg to
me a communication of Governor Eaton, in which he sug-
gests doubts concerning the validity of the treaty with the
Seminole Indians, concluded on the 9th ol May, 1832, and
ratified on the 9th of April, 1834, in con-equence ot the
delay which took place in the ratification, you requeued
my opinion upon the validity of the tieaty, and upon the
right ot the United States to remove these Indians in the
ytars 1835,1836, and 1837
There i- certainly great force in the suggestions made by
Governor Eaton ; and as the Government, in its relations
with the Indians, is necessarily obliged to become, tor all
practical purposes, its own interpreter and judge, it is under
the highest obligation to make no claim under the treaty,
and to  et up no construction of its terms, which are not
fairlv authorized by its sense and spirit And if it can be
shown that a material change ot circumstances, connected
with the que-t.on of removal, had actually occurred during
the period which elap-ed between the signing and ratifica-
tion of the maty, then it is plain that the Indians can no
longer be held to it, unless by «ome act since it- ratification
they have recognized and affiimed its validity In the
present ca e, as no time was limited for the ratification of
the treat} , as the supplemental articles ot the 28th March,
1833, treated it a  j et in existence, although not then ratified
by the Tre-ident and Senate; and a  no material change
of circumstances is suggc-ted, I think it must be deemed a
valid and subsisting treaty.
It the treatv be vilid, the particular intent to remove m
1833,1834, and 1833, mu-t yield to tlie general engagement
to remove m three veais from the ratification, and the
same provision mu-t be made for theunloreseen case which
has now arisen, winch «as expressly made for the case
anticipated It was evidently the understanding and the
dn-ign of the parties that the removal should comnnnce
with the vear following the ratification, and that the tribes'
should remove in about equal proportions during that and
the two tollowing years; consequently, they are now to be
removed in the veara 1835,1836, and 1837
B  F BUTLER.
I take it for granted that the Attoi ney General
has made the best of his case; and, with great
deference, I will now proceed to examine the
reasons on which it is founded.
1st " As no time was limited for the ratifica-
tion of the treaty." But the time for the com-
mencement of its execution was fixed. The Sem-
inóles aie to commence their removal in 1833.
This could not be obligatory on the Seminóles,
unless the tieaty was also obligatory on the
United States—unless the treaty was ratified. It
was undoubtedly contemplated, at the time of its
being signed, that it would have been ratified in
1832 It was proper that it should have been
so done. The stipulations on both sides were
settled. AH that remained to be done was to be
done by the separate act of the Seminóles; it re-
quired no assent on our part. Why should they
be asked to do that act before we had said that,
when done, it should be final> But, before the
ratification, the act of the Seminóles conferred no
obligation onus to ratify the tteaty. Had it been
immediately ratified, the Seminole delegation
must, if they wished to hold us to the treaty, have
done the act required in season to have com-
menced the removal in 1833. If it was their fault
that the act was not performed in time to com-
mence before 1835, they could not hold us to the
treaty, but on condition that they all removed in
! that year. They could not avail themselves of
their own delay. The Attorney General seems
wholly to oveilook the consideration, that we
I might and ought, immediately, during the session
of Congress, when the treaty was returned, to
have ratified it.    But the delay of 1834 is solely
II  imputable to our own neglect. The supplemental
treaty was received in September, 1833, and no
appropriation was made to carry it into effect
during 1834. The principle of the Attorney Gen-
eral has no limit. If two years of the period of
the execution might elapse, why not the three,
or ten years'
2d. " As the supplemental articles of the ¿Kin
of March, 1833, treated it as yet in existence,
although not then ratified by the President and
Senate." Is it probable that the Seminole dele-
gation knew whether it was ratified or not, or
the effect of treating it as an existing treaty ' If
they considered it had been ratified, then they
musthave considered that the supplemental treaty
made tt binding; but would their considenng one
way or the other impose an obligation on the
