578
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 25,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
North Carolina Contested Election—Mr. Hard.
Ho. of Reps.
the tomahawk in despair." It may be a war to
them of extermination, and to us of great peril.
What are your present relations with the Chero-
fcees—a tribe which, since your first treaty with
them, has never taken the scalp of a white man—
a inbe which has borne and forborne ? But, sir,
have you done anything of late calculated to pro-
Jong that forbearance? Sir, I learn from a publi-
cation m the Globe, that we have lately made a
treaty with them, by which we have fulfilled our
longing desires of acquiring a cession of all their
lands. I learn, also, from other sources, that
this treaty has been made with one tenth of the
tribe, against the remonstrance of the remainder.
What state of feeling will grow out of this, it is
impossible to say. 1 hope, sir, they will acqui-
esce in the treaty, if not in its justice, fully be-
lieving that, as circumstanced, their happiness
will be promoted by their removal. But, sir, they
will judge for themselves. The force of the In-
dians east of the Mississippi is competent to do
much mischief. In a war, which may become a
war of extermination, is it wise to provoke new
enemies to " raise the tomahawk in despair?"
You may probably rate the force of the Semi-
nóles at one thousand five hundred; the Creeks at
three thousand five hundred; the Cherokees at
three thousand; the Choctaws and Chickasaws,
and others that are vagrant remnants of tribes, at
two thousand more—a force often thousand war-
riors. The modern Indian wars of the South are
not of the character of those of Ohio, Kentucky,
and Tennessee, of former days. Then, on the
attack, the settlers flew to the rescue: now, sir,
the flight is in any other direction. Causes over
which individuals, perhaps, have no control, have
given an entire different character to our defense.
And is there no danger that an Indian war may
connect itself with a war of another character?
Sir, those who are the most interested will judge
in what scale to place these apprehensions. I
trust in God they may never become realities.
But what is proposed to be done with the In-
dians? To remove them with all their hostile
feelings—to remove whipped Indians to the west
of the Missouri and Arkansas, and plant them
there ! What have you gained, but to change
the scene, and increase your danger? You place
them there to excite the surrounding tribes to
war on your whole western frontier—tribes who
can bring into the battle thirty thousand warriors,
and sustain them, too. They can choose their
point of attack and retreat at pleasure, where you
cannot follow, to return to the attack in some
other quarter—tribes, too, which can be supplied
with arms by a neighboring nation, which is not,
perhaps, now in the best state of feelings towards
you. Grant, that these are mere possible dangers;
yet, should we not be put on our guard even
against remote contingencies ? Why should we
add further cause for increasing the hostilities
which now exist? Why continue even these
hostilities, if they can be avoided? Must we con-
tinue the Seminole war for another campaign?
What new laurels are to be won? It is asked, is
it practicable to end the war without further
slaughter? Sir on this subject I rely entirely on
the opinions of those better acquainted with the
character of the southern Indians than myself;
and, from the opinions of those entitled to con-
fidence, I am satisfied that it is practicable, and
that while our army is in summer quarter?, the
war might be ended. The experiment is worth
the attempt; if we fail, nothing is lost.
I cannot but recur to the period when the sys-
tem of removal commenced; when the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] introduced the bill
of 1830. Predictions were then made, which
were treated as impossibilities; but, sir, they will
soon be a part of our recorded history.
APPENDIX.
TallaHassfe, March 8, 1835.
Sir: I have received your letter, with its inclosures,
relative to removing the Seminole Indians, under the pro-
visions of the treaty of J 832, but which was not ratified
until 1834. I pray, you, does not this! circumstance raise
a doubt whether, by strict rule, the treaty can be considered
valid and binding? Our Indian compacts must he construed
and be controlled by the rules which civilized people prac-
tice; because, in all our actions with them, we have put
the treaty-making machinery in operation precisely in the
a*me way, and to the same extent, that it is employed with
the civilized Powers of Europe. The rule practiced upon
by us has been, and is, that the ratification shall take place
within either an agreed time or in a reasonable time.
When riorida was ceded, in 1819, the Cartes tailed to
exchange ratifications witlim the prescribed time, and
afterwards, at a subsequent session, it was assented to by
the Spanish Cortes. The sense of this Government was,
that the first ratification made by the Senate was inop-
erative ; and anaiii the subject was submitted, by Mr. Mon-
roe, for theaetion andappioval of the Senate. Thisappears
to meto he a precedent which inns parallel with this Indian
compact. It says, one thud shall remove the first year,
viz: as early as practicable in 1833, and one third in the
next and the next, 1834, and '3o. Now, until 1S34, when
the ratification took place, the treaty was a dead letter. It
is in their power now to plead, and to say we were ready
in 1833 and '34, and, hearing nothing of your determination,
we had a right to suppose that jou did not mean to stand
by the treaty, and accordingly our minds have changed.
With civilized nations, I think the plea would be available;
and if so, the Indian should have the benefit of it.
Were these people willing voluntarily to remove, (though
such seems not to be the case,) the whole difficulty would
be cured, and no evil could arise. But as military force is
about to be resorted to, it is material that the Government,
before making such appeal, be satisfied that right and justice
are on their side; and that they are not engaged in the exe-
cution ot a treaty which, if void, is no part of the law of the
land. I feel so strongly the force of these objections, and
am so desirous that General Jackson t-hall avoid everything
of supposed error, that I shall to-day, unauthorized as lam,
write to General Clinch, and request him not to act with
force, until he shall hear again trom you. This he may
probably do ; and hence the propriety of your considering
my suggestion, and advising him as early as possible.
Should jou at Washington, who have books to resort to
to solve the doubt I have mentioned, come to the conclii
sion that it is tenable, why then the subject of the removal,
and the manner of it, are unnecessary tobeexamined. An
attempt must then be made to go into some new negotiation.
If there be nothing in the proffered objections, then the
best mode of starting them away recurs.
The employing a military force will be an act of war, and
the Indians will embody and fight in their defense. In this
event, you will want such an imposing force as shall over-
awe resistance. The few companies jou have ordered will
not produce this result. They will serve but to begin the
fight, and to awaken angry feeling*; so that, in the sequel,
the milmawill have to be called, which will end in the
butchery of these miserable people. Send a strong impos-
ing regular foice, which can be commanded, and prevented
from doing more than actually is needful to be done ; and
then that loice, judiciously acting and forbearing, may do
much. But send only a handful of men, and difficulties
will come upon you.
The next thing will be to have suitable transports of seven
or eight feet draught, lying at Tampa Bay, well provisioned
to receive them ; for sure as you seek a passage over lind,
they will desert into swamps and elude your pursuits. They
are afraid to go by land Bad men will raise up false ac-
counts ; arrest and throw them in jail, whereby to enforce
payment. The fate of then chief (Blunt) last year at New
Orleans, they fear will be theirs. Taking them by water to
the Mississippi river, and there placing them in boats, with
positive orders not to land or stop at any town oi city, will
prevent this disturbance to them. In three or four days the
voyage can be made from Tampa Bay to the Ballzp, at a
much reduced cost to whata land travel northwardly would
amount to.
There is another difficulty in the minds of these people,
and it is this: a separate tract out of the Creek lands has
been set apart for their homes. There is a ratified treaty
in jour office, made by Generals Stokes, Ellsworth, and
Hchermerhorn, with the Creeks, which authorizes the Sem-
inole location. While negotiating with the Indians last
year, at Washington, I understood the Creeks discovered
tins act, and had sent word to the Seminole bands that,
while ihey were willing to receive them in their limits as a
portion <>t their nation, they would not sutler tliem to enjoy
any separate allotment of their soil. This, too, has intimi-
dated them, and I dare say is the essential cause of their
reluctance to go off. To cure this, cither the Creeks west
should be gotten to say that the allotment made shall be for
the exclusive separate use of the Florida Indians; or the
latter should be prevailed upon, for some adequate compen-
sation, to agree to go and amalgamate with the Creeks.
Another mode of prevailing on these people to remove,
would he, to give ordprs to the troops to prevent them
from raising corn this year. This is almost as severe a
remedy as employing your bayonets. But the effect will be
that towards autumn their necessities will compel them to
depart.   To go or starve would then be the question.
General Thompson was here a few days since, and found
a letter for him from the Department. He should not be
addressed here, but at the Seminole agency, distant from
tins place, I believe, one hundred and fifty miles.
This Indian question of removal is one that should be
managed with great caution and care, that the enemies in
Congress, ever ready to find fault, may have no just and
tenable ground on which to rest their rumors. Tread cau-
tiously, then. The people here want the lands on which
they reside, and they will urge a removal, fas aut nefat;
and the Big Swamp, which in the treaty is declared to be
the first of their country to be vacated, is of high repute, and
it is that on which the eyes of speculators are fixed. But
whether they shall have it this year or the next, or the next
thereafter, is of less importance to the country than that
anything shall be done calculated to impair |he character
of the Government for justice, and for equitable and fair
dealing. Whence the necessity of any speedy removal?
Presently, if left alone, these Indians will go of their own
accord; because they cannot avoid it. To stay is to starve ;
and nature and its demands will soon tell them more and
better, and more convincing things on this subject, than you
and the President can write. Then they will go, and go
without any interruption to the quiet and harmony of the
country. Now, with all jour efforts, and the Army to aid
you, they could not be earned off and gotten to then west-
. em homes before June or July. Then no ciop could be
raised, and ior two jears they will be without provisions.
The picferrcd and prclerable course, I think, v\ ill be to send
amongst tliein active and intelligent men, to comt Hiera try
what is right, in the hope that.during the year, their minds
may be so prepared as to be induced to depart during No-
vember; at least that tliey may reach their homes in time
to rai-e coin the succeeding jear. On the whole, to con-
clude a tiresome letter, I oiler this advice: avoid the exer-
cise ot farce as long as possible, and let it be the only, the
last sad alternative; and then let not, by any means, the
militia be applied to—they will breed inischief.
With great respect,                              J. H. EATON.
Lewis Cass, Secretary of War.
Tallahassee, March 8.1835.
Sir : I have received from the Secretary ot War a letteT
asking me to suggest to him any views I might entertain as
to the removal ot the Seminole Indians. Inclosed in his
communication was a copy of a letter addressed by jou to
the Adjutant General, dated 92d January, 1835; a reply to
it by the Secretary, of the 16th February ; with a talk from
the President, also dated 16th February. In reply I have
offered my opinions freely and frankly ; and, amongst other
things, suggested whether the treaty of 1833 be not void for
want of timely ratification. If this be so, it will be unfor-
tunate that the military force of the country be actively
employed.
In my letter I have said: " Bv the next mail (unauthor-
ized) I shall write to General Clinch, and suggest to lum
not to employ force towards the removal until he shall
again hear from jou. He may. perhaps, under all the cir-
cumstances, accord to my request; and hence the neces-
sity of your speedily informing him of the course he shall
pursue." If, under the orders given, you shall think you
can practice forbearance until the Secretarjis again heard
from, I shall be glad; because mv opinion is there is greater
safety in the course. Bui of this you alone are to judge,
under the responsibility of the oidcrs which have been lor-
warded to you.
Very respectfully,                                 J. H. EATON.
To General D. L. Clinch:.
NORTH CAROLINA CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. GIDEON HARD,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
March 25, 1836.
The question being on a motion submitted by him to
commit the whole case to a Committee ot the Whole
House, with instruction to amend the report of the com-
mittee, by adding new evidence and resolutions adopted in
committee, which have not been reported—
Mr. HARD said the motion he had just sub-
mitted ho hoped would be adopted by the unan-
imous assent of the House. He could not but
believe thatevery gentleman who desired a speedy
legal decision of this contested election would,
when he understood the design of the mowon,
yield it his cordial support. It is intended to
bring directly before the House, and for its  im-
mediate action, the whole case—not only the ad-
ditional testimony on our tables, but the several
legal points and propositions which were decided
in committee, but which do not appear in the
majority report.
Hitherto the House has been exclusively en-
gaged in fruitless debates upon preliminary ques-
tions, without advancing one step towards a final
decision. The greatest portion of the time, since
the report was made, has been consumed in the
extraordinary and unusual attempt, by the peti-
tioner's friends, to introduce counsel on this floor.
By the kindness of the majority in this House we
have had three days allowed us, by special ap-
pointment, to examine and settle all the import-
ant and constitutional questions involved in this
contest, and one of these has already been con-
sumed in the thus far unsuccessful appeal to the
liberality and justice of the House for the adop-
tion, upon their legal merits, of the new deposi-
tions before us. From what has occurred during
the debate yesterday, and from what may be
gathered from the signs of events that are passing,
there appears no probability that the appeal will
be sustained. The sitting member must prepare
himself to rest his defense upon the evidence
already reported, and leave the justice of the
denial to the decision of the people of the district,
unless the House can be prevailed on to adopt
the course recommended in this motion. To the
rights of the sitting member our time is precious,
if we may credit report—report, too, emanating
from the highest political authority in this House
—authority which we dare not question.    The
