1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
24th Cong....1st Sess.
North Carolina Contested Election—Mr. Hard.
Ho. of Reps.
day of debato on this question, this important
aiul interestins; subject, is about to be closed.
Yes, sir, to-morrow evening, we are informed,
the previous question will be spruns upon us.
The threat has been made by some of the most
influential personages in this Hall—gentlemen
whoeontrol the destinies of legislation here—that
to-uiorrow ovonim; will have completed the last
dan of pace in this matter; that then this debate
must and shall be concluded. I do not allude to
this menace with an intent to complain, or to
enter my protest. It would ill become me, humble
as my influence is here, to act the censor over
the movements or policy of the majority. They
have the power in their own hands; the rules of
this House have placed it there; they have the
ri ht to use it at discretion, and they must bear
the responsibility of its abuse. The previous
question was designed to arrest debate only when
an abuse of its rights and privileges was threat-
ened. It never was intended to prohibit its liberal
and reasonable exercise. The freedom of debate
is a sacred constitutional prerogative, guarantied
to every member upon this floor, and cannot be
abridged by a wanton execution of the rules and
orders of this House. I have alluded to these
threats by way of admonition to the minority,
and to urge the necessity of redeeming time that
is our* by grace, in bringing this matter imme-
diately before the House in the manner proposed
by the motion, in order to take its sense upon
every distinct proposition separately, that we
may know, and the people of North Carolina may
know, upon what principle this case has been
decided.
What is the question before us? It is not one
whose decision is confined to the interests of one
or two individuals. It is not one that is circum-
scribed in its operation by the sole interests of
the two individuals who are the unfortunate in-
struments of this controversy. If it were, then
the error that might result from haste and pre-
cipitate action, though it might inflict personal
injustice, would be far less pernicious in its con-
sequences than is now apprehended. It is not a
question of ordinary moment; it regards the elec-
tive franchise of the sovereign State of North
Carolina. Its decision will touch the rights and
immunities of the whole American people. It
will affect not only the rights and honor of a seat
on this floor, but the constitutional rights and
powers of a sovereign State, and the constitu-
tional rights and powers of Congress itself.
While sitting in judgment upon the qualifica-
tions and election of one of our peers, each indi-
vidual occupies a high and fearfully responsible
station; and when deciding the question, we are
acting in  the capacity  of the   highest judicial
tribunal known to the Constitution,and in settling
all such disputes we are required to give con-
struction   to  the constitution and laws of the
State   immediately interested, the  Constitution
and laws of the United States, and the duties and
powers of the body to which we belong.    How
important, then, fearfully important, does it be-
come, that every decision we make should be
stamped with caution, candor, and patient delib-
eration.   I have been at a loss to comprehend the
meaning of some honorable gentlemen who have
denounced, with seeming triumph, all legal forms
and legal rules; 1 have been shocked, too, with
the hasteand precipitation with which some have
endeavored to force this case through.    If there
are any questions which are referred to us. which
require more care and more thorough and cau-
tious examination than others, they are those
which call in question the validity of elections;
if there are any questions which require distinct-
iveness and certainty in our decisions, they are
those which arise on an appeal from the people's
decision in the election of their Representatives.
A proper regard to the records of our own body,
and a laudable desire to bestow clearness and in-
telligence on our proceedings, and a duty we owe
to those who may succeed us in giving enlight-
ened authority to our decisions, should prompt
all of us to aim at judicial order and system. To
those who esteem so lightly legal forms, 1 would
cite the views of one of the ablest jurists and
constitutional lawyers of this or any other age;
one who, I am proud to say, presided, with dis-
tinguished credit to himself and honor to the
nation, over the highest judicial department of |
the proud State I have the honor in part to repre- !'
sent.    I allude to that distinguished personage,
James Kent, late Chancellor of the State of New
York.
In his elementary discourse upon the consti-
tutional privileges and powers of the two Houses
of Congress, on that part which relates to the
power which each House possesses over the
election return and qualifications of its own mem-
bers, he says:
" It is requisite to preserve a pure anil genuine represent-
ation, ami to control the evils of irregular, corrupt, and
tumultuous elections ; and ns each House acts in these
eases in a judicial diameter, its decision* like the decisions
in any other court of justice, ought to be regulated by
known principles of law, and strictly adhered to, for the
i.ake of uniformity anil certainty."
This is, indeed, high authority clearly ex-
pressed. But, sir, we needed no higher authority
than the experience of the past, to admonish us,
by the most solemn regard to our constitutional
duties, to act dispassionately and decide intelli-
gibly on all questions whose decisions will form
precedents and become laws for those that may
succeed us.
The question before us, then, is one of a judi-
cial character. It is an appeal, taken from the
decision of the people of the twelfth congressional
district of North Carolina. By that decision, in
August last, they declared, through their legal-
ized board of canvassers, selected for their intel-
ligence and integrity, and sworn to fidelity and
fairness in collecting the suffrages and declaring
the result, that James Graham, the sitting mem-
ber, was duly elected to a seat in the House of
Representatives of the Congress of the United
States. They have furnished him with the highest
legal and constitutional evidence of such election.
They have been duly presented to you, sir, and
you have approved of them, and admitted him to
a seat on this floor.
From this decision the petitioner has appealed,
alleging that he is entitled to the seat, as having
received a majority of the legal votes in the dis-
trict. To establish this, he charges that injustice
has been done him, first, by allowing illegal votes
to be given to the sitting member; and, second,
by rejecting legal votes given, and intended for
him. The sitting member denies his right, and
contends that a greater number of illegal votes
has been given for the petitioner than for him.
This is the issue before us.
To sustain his complaint, the petitioner has
furnished evidence, in the form of depositions,
of three irregularities, as is alleged, in conduct-
ing the elections: 1st. Illegal votes given the sit-
ting member; 2d. Legal votes rejected, which
were tendered for the petitioner; and 3d. Votes
given for him, illegally stricken from the polls;
making, in all, as the majority of the committee
has said, twenty-eight votes, which should be
deducted from the sitting member's polls.
On the contrary, the sitting member answers
these objections, as he thinks, by denying the
illegality of these votes, or most of them, and
alleges that the petitioner has received illegal votes
greater in  number than himself, and that the
judges, at one of the precincts, allowed five votes
to the petitioner that were given to a candidate
for the State Legislature, and comes to this result
—that thirty-three illegal votes were given to the
petitioner, which, if deducted, would leave him a
majority increased above that declared by the
board of canvassers.   In receiving this evidence,
and deciding the several legal points which neces-
sarily arise from this issue, frequent reference
must be had to the constitution and election laws
of North Carolina and the Constitution of the
United States.   And here, sir, I ask, what are the
powers of this House over this subject?   Thefifth
section of the first article of the Constitution of
the United States declares  " that each House
shall be the judge of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its own members."    In the case
! before us, there is no allegation of the want of
constitutional qualification in the sitting member,
! nor is the legality of the return questioned.   It is
the regularity of the ejection that is brought in
| question, and in this character the case addresses
¡! itself to the moie delicate and important, while
I  it is the more doubtful branch of our constitu-
I i tional powers. Had the qualification of the sitting
cl
member been put in issue, or the validity of his
return questioned, they might have presented a
question which we could have disposed of with-
out interfering with the immediate acts of the
electors, or disturbing- the freedom or quiet of the
elective franchise.    But when we dispute the elec-
tion of the incumbent, we enter upon a fearful
task; we take issue with the people themselves;
and when we declare void the election, then do
we reverse the decision of freemen acting under
high constitutional guarantees; and unless our
decisions are based upon sound and known prin-
ciples of la w, we act in defiance of their expressed
will, and in violation of our constitutional guides.
The second section of the first article of the
same Constitution further  provides, "that the
ualification of electors for a Representative in
'ongress shall be the same as is required for the
electors of amemberof the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature." What shall constitute,
therefore, the specific qualifications for electors
for a member of Congress in North Carolina, it
is left to the constitution and laws of that State
to regulate.    By the eighth section of the consti-
tution of the State of North Carolina, it is pro-
vided " that all freemen of twenty-one years of
age, who have been inhabitants of any one county
within the State twelve months immediately pre-
ceding the day of election, and shall have paid
public taxes, shall be entitled to vote for a mem-
ber of the House of Commons in the county where
he resides," the House of Commons being the
most numerous branch of the State Legislature.
In this section will be found enumerated all the
qualifications necessary to constitute a legal voter
in that State, viz: 1st. Residence in the county at
the time of voting; 2d. Residence in the State
twelve months preceding the election;  3d. He
must be twenty-one years of age; and 4th. He
must have paid public taxes.     A difference of
opinion exists among gentlemen of the delegation
from North Carolina, on this floor, in regard to
the constitutional import of that clause requiring
a residence in any county in the State twelve months
immediately preceding the day of election.  Some
contend that it requires the voter to have resided
in the Stare and in the county where he votes,
twelve months prior to the day of election, while
others hold him a legal voter if he has resided in
any county in the State, though he may not have
, resided in the county where he tenders his vote
but one day.  This last construction was assumed
by the committee, and I have no doubt correctly.
The phraseology is, to say the most of it, equiv-
ocal, and is open  to judicial construction; and
it is a well settled and salutary rule, in the con-
struction of laws touching the elective franchise,
that, where two constructions may be applied,
the one in restriction and the other in extension of
the right of suffrage, the latter shall prevail. This,
undoubtedly, furnishes a case in  point.    But
whichever of the constructions  be adopted,  it
makes a difference in regard to the evidence be-
fore us, in the actual majority, otherwise com-
puted, of but two votes, so that the result would
not be changed.    In order to prepare this issue
for a speedy, clear,and just decision—a decision
that would be warranted by the law and the facts,
and to aid the House in its deliberation and facil-
itate its action, you have sent out your committee
—the Committee of Elections—to inquire of the
truth of the facts in the case, and to settle the
various questions of law that might arise, and
you have required of them to report, in as clear
! and intelligible form as may be, a true and faith-
'I ful history of their deliberations, and the various
I legal points connected with the case, together
i with a final result of their labors.   The committee
! did take the case under advisement at an early
period of the session.    They had all the law and
the facts before they came to a result, and a ma-
jority of the committee have found the issue in
favor of the petitioner.    A large minority of the
committee have, however, come to a different re-
sult from the same facts, and have found the
issue for the sitting member.
Now, sir, every gentleman is aware that a ma-
jority of members of this House are disposed to
receive the regular report of a committee, made
by a majority, as primafacie evidence of the truth
of the facts stated in them, and are ready to adopt,
without much investigation, the conclusion or res-.
