1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Arkansas—Mr. Hard.
Ho. of Reps.
the power, of Congress are concerned,it will be, j
like the laws of the Medes and Persians, irrev- '
ocably confirmed and established. Is there any
cncuinslance connected with the business of the
House to justit'j for a moment such rashness in
legislation - For one, 1 am not prepared to admit
the State of Arkansas on an equal fooling with
other Slates, without an effort at least to restrict
her to a form of go\ eminent that shall harmonize
with the principles of the Constitution*. I cannot
consent to be driven to sustain a measure fraught
with ^ch infinite peril to the cause of personal
liberty, without one effort to resist it. 1 had
nason to expect that the committee would have
rxerc sed rs courtesy in allowing us one day for
deliberation. Dut as it has just refused to rise,
and has more than intimated its determination,
by frtquetit vociferations of " Question ' ques-
tion'" to push the bill toa passage at this sitting,
or at least to place it where they can stop débale
by the pre\ious question, I trust I shall be par-
doned for detaining it a few moments with a
statement of some of the reasons that shall dic-
tate my vote on the bill.
In touching the subject of slavery or the right
claimed by any State to sustain it, I feel all the
delicacy and embarrassment anyone can feel, who
labois.as I do, under a solemn conviction that they
are subjects connected with the highest interest,
and I may add domestic safety of the citizens of
the south and southwestern States of this Union.
And I feel the more painful embairassmcnt from
the fresh  íecollection of the  fearful excitement
that per\ aded all sections of the country, and the
consternation it spread among the slaveholding
community, at a period  immediately preceding
this present session of Congress.   I would rather
hue remained silent than provoked anew those
discordant feelings, which, at the early period of
our deliberations, had  maired the harmony of
legislation, and which, though half smothered,
«till smoulders within these walls.   I would have
refrained from adding one woid, but fiom the im- '
pulse of a strong sense of paramount duty which
I owe to my station, my constituents, and the
cause of humanity.    Happy would it have been
for the country if these subjects could have been
dtferred until   the recent excitement was fully
allayed, an excitement which not only threatened
a revolution and a separation of the Union, but
was ftarfully portentous of a servile war,  that
must have deluged  the fairest portion  of this
country in the blood of our brethren and kindred
—a wai that would have proved more relentless
and implacable to the cries of defenseless mno-
cf nee than the most terrific wars of the tomahawk
and scalpmg-knife.
la submitting my brief remarks, I beg to assure
gentlemen of the slaveholding States that, while
I am opposed  to this  bill, I hold  as sacred and
inviolable as any one in this House the rights
secured to all those States who were parties to the
original compact.    I would as readily engage in
a crusade against the Union itself as touch one
word, or obliti rate one letter, of that dear-bought
compromise which gave them their rights over
their slive property.    The views which I enter-
tain of the propriety and constitutional authority
of perpetuating human slavery in the new States
and Tirntones   belonging to  this Government
have not the slighest application to the original
States of the Confederacy.  The Thirteen United
States formed so many parties to the compact,
each of whom were left free to adopt or reject it,
ad libitum.    While the compact was n progress
of formation each had an undoubted right to pro-
pose articles of stipulation, which, when adopted,
formed part and parcel of the whole.    The in-
strument, when legalized, was obligatory in all
its parts or in none of them.    It bound all the
parties, or none, and whatever may be the disad-
vantages arising to either or any of the parties,
there is no remedy save through the mode pre-
scribed in the instrument itself.  However deeply
we may deplore the existence of slavery at the
South, as the compact has left them fiee to sus-
tain it or not, we aie bound to acquiesce in it
Congrrss has no power to mterfeie with it with-
out tlir consent of th" States inteicst. d    But, sir,
the  !fasonswln..h impel us to acq'nesce m the
right to hold human beings in slavery among the
original States, does by no means authorize Con-
gress to perpetuate it in the new one. There is
no compact existing between the General Gov-
ernment and any of the new States or the Terri-
toiy of Arkansas, whereby it has conceded to
them the right to baiter in human flesh; and I
am determined, while I have the honor of a seat
on this floor, never to give my vote for a meas-
ure that will sanction or permit such a gloomy
practice. I shall, therefore, vote very readily and
cheerfully against the passage of this bill; and I
shall do so under a conscientious bebef that Con-
gress has no power to admit a State into the
Union with a constitutional government which
authorizes and sustains human slavery.
All will concede that Congiess acts under con-
stitutional grants, and that it can take nothing
by naked implication; that where the terms of
the grant are clear and determinate, the exercise
of the power derived under it should conform to
the letter of the grant. But where the terms are
rendered vague by their generality, or want of
clearness, such construction should be given
them as best comports with the spirit of the Con-
stitution.
Congress derives Us power to admit new States
from the third section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States, which declares ,
that " new States may be admitted by Congress
into this Union."    Here the terms of the grant '
are general, and, unconnected with the fourth (
section of the same article, would literally imply
a power to admit a State without regard to its J
form of government; and yet I presume that, j
even under this general grant, no gentleman will
contend  that Congress would be authorized to
admit to Federal union and political association
a State under the sovereignty of a despot.  Should
such a State apply for admission, and claim its
right under this general grant, Congress would
appeal to construction, and urge these grounds
as a reason for denying the application, that such
admission would be contrary to the spirit of the
Constitution,  as  it  would  destroy  the  unity,
impair the harmony, and change the character
of our national Government.
But the fourth section of the fourth article of
the Constitution comes in aid of that power, and
renders clear and determinate what was before,
fiom a too great generality of the terms, left
doubtful. By that section it is declared that
" the United States shall guarantee to every State
in this Union a republican form of government,
and shall protect each of them from invasion." By
taking these two sections in connection, as they
cleaily should be, the power of Congress over
these subjects would be rendered clear, determ-
inate, and consistent with every other grant. The
two clauses, taken together, confer a power that
is entnt, unique, and indivisible, which is ex-
pressed thus: " Congress may admit new States
into this Union, and the United States shall
guaranty a republican form of government, and
protect them from invasion." If Congress, then,
in admitting a new State, is bound to guaranty
a republican form of government, a duty is cre-
ated which laises a corresponding right to in-
quire into the terms of the government, founded
by the State to be admitted, and a light to dictate
the foim of its fundamental code or constitution,
with a view of íendeiing it consistent with such
a form of government, and this it has a light to
do as a fundamental condition of its admission.
In pursuance of this right, and in the exeicise
of the power, it is the imperious duty of Con-
gress to examine carefully the constitution of
Arkansas now before it, and before that State be
admitted into the Union Congress should be sat-
isfied that the constitution under which it intends
to organize will secure to the citizens of that
State a republican form of government. This,
sir, may be a startling pioposition to such as are
bred in the school of strict construction, and who
claim for the States all power, and leave to the
General Government none. It may seem to them
to sovor of the heiesy of consolidation. But as
oJious as it may appeal to the modern St>Ue-
nghts school men, if it be sustained by the Con-
sitution in letter or spirit, it will lose nothing by
denunciations lion that quaiter. I disclaim all
devotioa to the doctune ot consolidation, as de-
fined by the cant srubblers of the day.    While
I would be proud to  acknowledge myself the
humble and loyal subject of Tedeidl sumemary,
I would still claim to be the faithiul and feailess
advocate of the rights, the unabi.dged rights, of
State sovereignty ; but I can never be so far foi-
getlul of the duty I owe to the one, nor so íashlv
commit myself to the inteiests of the other, as
to sunender the power the Constitution has con-
fened on me as a Representative of the people,
of defending the cause of constitutional liberty
wheiever it may be assailed in t'ic peison of any
citizen, let him beaiesidentof what State he will.
What, let me ask gentlemen, were the motive
and end of our Fedeial Union?  If we may credit
the recorded testimony of the pati tots who formed
it, as avowed in the preamble to the Constitution,
it was designed  " to  establish justice,  insure
domestic tianquilhty, provide for the common
defense, promote the general welfare, and secure
the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our pos-
terity."    These, sir, were among the great and
noble motives that induced the brave and the
wise of former days to propose and establish a
National Union.    These were the punciples, to
secuie which they incurred all the hoirois of a
domestic war, and pledged their lives, their for-
tunes, and their sacred honors; and these aie the
principles which we, as legislatois, aie requited
to maintain and defend, not to transgress, either
directly, by open acts of violation, or indiiectly,
bv conniving at the introduction or perpetuation
of slavery within the boundanes of any of the
i Territories of this Union.
On examining the ordinance adopted by the
convention of Aikansas, I find, as a whole, it
exhibits the most singulai lnconguuty of parts.
While it professes to piotect liberty, it establishes
the most degrading species of slavery, and dig-
nifies it with a place in the fundamental charter
of the Government. It contains many provisions
worthy of a free and enlightened people, and
such as would excite the admiration of the patriot
and philanthropist, while it embraces others that
I  create disgust. It commences, in the language
| of the convention, with high professions of attach-
II  ment to the noble maxims of free government,
I   and adopts, almost verbatim, the language of the
II  Declaration of Independence. It promises to
I sustain the personal libeity of the citizen, and
I lecommends as essential to the preservation of a
1 free Government a diffusion of knowledge and
I intellectual improvement among the people. In
]  the main, this ordinance asserts and adopts the
elementary principles of a republican government,
I and weie it not for the insertion of that odious
section in relation to human slavery, that dis-
coidant note in the music of its pans, it would
' have commanded my most cordial approbation.
By the fust section of the second clause of the
ninth aiticle of this oidinance it is declared " that
the Geneial Assembly shall have no powei to
i pass laws for the emancipation of slaves without
the consent of the owner, they shall have no
power to prevent emigiants to this State fiom
bringing with tlum such peisons as are deemed
slaves by the laws of any one of the United
States, they shall have powei to pass laws to
permit the owneis of slaves to emancipate them,
saving the lights of the creditois, and preventing
themíiom Incoming a public chaige; they shall
have power to pievent slavesfiom being biought
to this State as machandise, and oblige owners of
slaves to treat them with humanity " These
are placed alongside of those lofty and ndmnable
provisions to which 1 have just alluded, and
which, were it not for them, would reflect honor
and credit upon the people of Arkansas. With
these extraordinary and heretical punciples
avowed and adopted into their constitution, ought
we, have wc the power, to admit that Teiruory
into the Union " on an equal footmg with the
other States'" Were I to vote for its admission,
I should feel I had done criminal violence to the
oath ( had taken " to support the Constitution of
the United States," J should feel guilty of having
nep-lected an impoi taut duty I owe to my country
as°one of its Repiesentatives—that of " taking
caie that the Republic receive no harm." 1 can-
not vote foi the adm..ssto'i of that Territory as
lon°- as that section is ill her constitution.    That
