588
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
24th Cong.... I st Sess.
the absence of constitutional provisions, we have
been turned by gentlemen to the Articles of Con-
federation as the true interpreter of the grants by
the States. The search is, if possible, still more
unprofitable there. Why should it not be so?
Thatinstrument,as wellasits successor, (theCon- (
stitution,) was the offspring of a representation
considerably wider than that of the people from
whom the lands were derived. To have permit-
ted itto control the grants themselves, which upon
well established principles can, if they please,
alone regulate what they cede, would be illegal
and unjust. The objects of the trust must be
looked for only in the language and spirit of the
•rants, and in the fitness and propriety of things.
Besides it would be difficult to conceive how an
earlier could be the corollary of a later instru-
ment; how a confederation formed on the 9th of
July, 1778, could be designed as the commentary
upon a series of cessions to which it was long
anterior; the first of them not having taken place
until the 1st of March, 1781, and the last until
the 24th of April, 1802. As must inevitably be
the case, there is not a word in the Articles of
Confederation which bears upon the question, or
can be tortured into an exponent of the several
grants.
If there be no excuse in positive prohibition;
in implied or express devotion to other objects,
or in necessary uses for the money elsewhere,
(any one of which would be clearly paramount,)
■what reason can be offered for withholding from
the people their obvious and acknowledged right?
Who can justify a postponement that would thus
become unnatural? With these sources of pros-
perity at hand, the nation may advance, in the
short space of months, to a situation which, under
other circumstances, in centuries it might not
reach; yet the bright prospect is to be destroyed,;
and the long-cherished hope of the nation is to be
Btill deferred, while the desired object is almost
within its tantalized grasp, and all for the employ- j
ment of a subtile scruple, or the indulgence of an i
idle fear.                                                                  |
As it is admitted that the distribution so ardently
desired has thus far been postponed to the actual
wants of the Government, it is conceded now that !
these,so far as they are reasonable, shall be first
supplied.    Look to the fixed objects of appro- '
priation.   Throw in the contingencies, ordinary j
and extraordinary.    Let them neither be exag- ¡
gerated nor stinted.    Before you come to the work
of expenditure, agree to a division of the surplus !
that shall remain; and we will cordially unite with
you in liberal expenditures, if they are not posi-
tively extravagant and unjust.
The appropriation bill for fortifications is a lib-
eral one. It was reported at a time when I am
sure there was the strongest disposition to make
it so. Speaking as a member of the committee
which reported it, I believe there was scarcely
anything within the compass of a richly endowed
treasury, which would consist with other equally
important arrangements, that would not cheer-
fully have been devoted to the necessary defense,
and even warlike preparations of the country. If
a proposal to inquire into the expediency of in-
creasing the Navy was not equally acceptable, it
was because it did not embrace a more compre-
hensive and vigorous plan of general protection;
because, by far the larger part of the Navy, al-
though in one sense already existing, was yet to
be made available before increase could be prop-
erly or usefully applied to it; and because all
other defenses were fearfully and shamefully de-
fective. The bill now before us was reported on
the 29th of December, at a moment when the pa-
cific relations of the country were suspended by
a single thread. The supplemental message of
the President appeared on the 18th of January,
bearing date the 15th of the month, recommending
a prohibition of French products, and of the entry
of French vessels into our ports. On the 23d of
January a bill, precisely such as seemed desira-
ble, was reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs. Its object was not to increase theNavy
to the extent of a single plank. Such a proposi-
tion would have been, during a moment of serious
exigency, both useless and impracticable. It pro-
posed merely the appropriation of a sufficient
sum (in blank) to complete the vessels building,
to prepare and equip for sea those in ordinary,
Fortification Bill—Mr. Ingersoll.
and to procure materials for rebuilding those for
which partial appropriations had before been
made. All these objects were attainable. The
mediation of Great Britain did not reach us until
the 8th of February, about a fortnight afterwards.
Under such circumstances, and with a pressure
so extreme, it might naturally be supposed that
the call was at least as large then as it ought to
be now. It contemplates, in its original shape,
expenditures for its especial objects, amounting to
something less than $2,000,000. A corresponding
bill, which was passed on the 30th of June, 1834,
called for only $870,594. A single amendment
has been offered, asking for $700,000 more. The
original bill and this amendment combined do not
bear any great disproportion to the call in 1834;
as it will be borne in mind that, for causes to
which personally I am a stranger, there was no
appropriation to these objects in 1835. Although,
for reasons not exactly similar to those which ex-
isted at the end of the year, I would not be indis-
posed toadopttheitemsof the bill, and the amend-
ment too, if they can be usefully expended dur-
ing the current year. They will at least relieve
the plethoric Treasury of a portion of its load. I
am not at liberty to applaud the skill in strategy
which the amendment would have indicated, but
for the declaration of the mover of it that he dis-
believes in the existence of a redundant revenue.
For the Navy I would go much further. Few
can doubt that when this nation disregards its
maritime interests it will forget its truest friend
in peace, its most efficient champion in war, its
proudest ornament at all times. It will turn aside
from the high behests of Heaven, which has
committed to it the protection of a coast, the vast
extent of which proclaims the guardianship it
requires; and a population whose daring qual-
ities fit them especially for the perils of the sea,
and whose intense activity never can be satisfied
except with the opportunity of penetrating into
every corner of the globe. Navy-yards, docks,
and convenient harbors are objects of primary
importance, as they are the positions in which
this favorite limb of our gigantic system can
occasionally repose. It is a limb which cannot
be touched amiss without making every nerve in
the great body itself to thrill, every artery to
swell, every pulse to beat in redoubled quickness.
The number and positions of these navy stations
as they now exist, (except, of course, that of
Pensacola,) and the absence of them where they
do not, are points of policy much earlier in their
origin than that of the present Administration.
At a period which, in these degenerate and dis-
tracted times, we are in the habit of looking back
to, historically, as the golden age of the Repub-
lic, all of them were selected. Even that-period
of comparative brightness had its cloudy days;
and what period of individual or national exist-
ence is without them? During the very month
when this measure was adopted, the boldest, and
for a time the most unpopular, act of the first
Administration was taken—that of sending Mr.
Jay as Envoy to England ; and thus preserving,
as an efficient navy will be the means of preserv-
ing, the happy neutrality of the country.
These events occurred in the time of General
Washington, who, though himself a Virginian, ■ -.
and like every other child of that magna mater  !
virum, justly proud of his maternity, was as little ¡I
likely to be influenced by sectional feelings as
| any of his countrymen.    He certainly had no
; especial predilections for the North, or any dis-
position to disparage or postpone the southern  [
portion of his country.  Under his auspices, and  i
by his personal direction, as communicated by
the Secretary of War, long before a Navy De-
! partment existed, the selection was made. After
careful reexamination, the selections thus made
were confirmed by a succeeding Administration;
and the positions have been practically approved
by every Administration which followed, to the
presenttime,including a period of more than forty
years. Thus, after deliberate selection and re-
peated approval, after receiving the sanction of
; well-tried experience and protracted time, it re- j
quires little argument to prove that a change
ought not to be made without great deliberation
and satisfactory cause.   In sustaining them, we
are not to be considered as supporting the policy
I of this Administration, or the especial policy of
Ho. of Reps.
any individual, but that system which is to be
regarded as the settled policy of the Republic.
All the institutions of the country, resting upon
i a basis broader and deeper still, might as well be
identified with the peculiar policy of a particular
Administration, if its mere and necessary, and
it may be reluctant adoption of them should make
them in any respect its own. We do not embrace
the principles or sustain the policy of the Admin-
istration. If it has adopted and is sustaining
ours in any particulars, it is no reason for our
abandoning that which long before the existence
of the present Administration became our own.
In the selection of positions for any of the
works of national utility, or of protection from
the wars of the elements or man, no preference
can or ought to be given to one portion of the
coast or country, unless that preference is already
pointed out by nature, and circumstances that are
beyond control. To submit to the awards of
Providence is not to make a preference. It is
scarcely to create an equality. You avail yourself
of local advantages, or supply local wants, where
it is practicable to do so, without interfering with
the Constitution, or the just and equal distribu-
tion of public benefits wherever they can be be-
stowed. In a well regulated system, funds are
disbursed where they are required, and where
they can be made available; and no proper judg-
ment can expect that, because they have been
expended where they are required, they should
be thrown away where they are not. If Phila-
delphia happens to be placed not far from the
head of tide-waters of a long and difficult navi-
gation, at the entrance of which into the broad
ocean aclimate is found, under the auspices of
which the aneients would have said the cave of
iEolus was dug, more than a million is expended
upon a breakwater. Yet you still leave the har-
bor inferior to those of the accessible cities of the
North, or of the more genial clime of the South.
Upon these nothing would be expended for simi-
lar works, in order to create a mere equality in
theory where there is no practical preference or
postponement. Fortifications and other like
measures of defense, to prevent and repel en-
croachments from the ocean or territorial neigh-
bors, are resorted to on the sea-girt or land-encir-
cled borders of the country. A happy exemption
from similar perils obviates the call for such pro-
visions for the rising capitals of the interior.
Lig'ht-houses, and piers, and harbors, and even
Indian agencies, and ail the muniments of war,
and appliances of peaceful preparation, are pro-
vided where congruity and the fitness of things
require them; but they would be idle and unprofit-
able expenditures elsewhere.'
Several gentlemen, in the course of recent dis-
cussions, have placed (I think deservedly) at the
head of the list of objects of merited expenditure
and regard, our imperfectly constituted Navy.
Is it not worthy of protection ? I am not pro-
claiming its eulogium. Let its own unvarnished
history speak, and interest alone, without bor-
rowing for it a single ray of well-earned glory,
will confirm the policy. When the first few ships
sailed which still bear their flag with honor into
every sea, the beneficial effect upon the commerce
of the country, and consequently upon its gen-
eral prosperity, was immediate and unquestion-
able. Insurance, at that time extravagantly high,
fell at once one half on voyages to China and the
East Indies, and to other places in proportion.
A committee of this House, reporting on the 17th
of January, 1799, on that part of the President's
message which relates to a naval establishment,
estimate the saving on different objects at seven
and a half per cent., and the effect is wonderful.
They estimate the exports and imports for one
year at..........................$100,000,000
Vessels employed in foreign trade..    27,126,400
Coasters and fishermen...........       7,178,760
$134,305,160
Of which, seven and a half per cent, saved on
the first two items, and one per cent, on the last,
amount to......................$9,578,517 60
And the annual expense of the ex-
isting Navy was...............2,434,261  10
Making a pecuniary gain of......$7,144,256 50
" Timely disbursements to provide for danger,
