590
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Juno 23,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Relief of District Cities—Mr. Washington.
Ho. of Reps.
proclaims the miended invasion, which is an-
nounced only by the vvnr whoop that accompa-
nies it Tin deith denims? tomahawk is substi-
tuted tor the her lid's spear. The manifesto that
pioclnims the titaloeue of vv rongs which are
about to be avenged is wntten only on the tablets
of bleeding human hearts.
These disasters have come upon ourboiders
without being met by competent preparation and
successful resistance.   Still, in a conflict between
F lacing disbursements in the hands of those whom
did not contribute to elevate to high places, on
the one hand, and seeing the country suffer trom
the want of them on the othei, I cannot hesitate.
Patronage may be abused for a season, and we
may mourn over the abuse of it, but the energies
of patriotism will rise above the most untoward
temporary influences These are, it is hoped, but
domestic vapors, which the next sun's rays may
dissolve or dissipate; while a stain upon the
honor or interests of the country may be indel-
ible. In the preparations that are made for con-
tinuing peace or contingent war—in all that is
hoped for, and all that is feared—the lessons of
true wisdom and universal experience teach us
that we be true to ourselves. Whatever is neces-
sary to protect the citizen, to defend the country—
whether the foe prowl in the forest or move upon
the deep—must be provided, cost what it may.
The fairest claims on foreign Powers, the sound-
est arguments that can sustain them, are dis-
regarded among nations unless they are backed
by strength. " There can be no greater error,"
says General Washington, " than to expect or
calculate upon real favors from nation to nation.
'Tis an illusion which experience must cure,
which a just pride ought to discard." It is the
happy and sagacious thought of a writer on
the military policy of Gieat Britain, who thinks
scarcely less like a statesman than a soldier, that
whatever might have been the case in the golden
age, Astraea has never since been acknowledged
upon earth when she has forgotten to bring along
with her her sword.
RELIEF OF DISTRICT CITIES.
SPEECH OF HON. G. C. WASHINGTON,
OF MARYLAND,
In the House of Representatives,
June 25, 1836,
In Committee of the Whole House, on the bill for the
relief of the District Cities.
Mr. WASHINGTON said:
Mr. Chairman: The friends of the bill under
consideration have abstained from entering into a
discussion of its merits, in the hope that it would
be reported to the House without exciting much
debate, and that we might be enabled to pass on
other measures in committee of high interest to
the District. It was our intention to sustain the
bill before the House if serious opposition was
made to its passage. But, sir, from this protracted
debate, we have cause to fear that the short but
valuable time allotted to District business is to be
absorbed by this single measure. It is, therefore,
with unfeigned reluctance that lam forced,at this
late hour, to depart from the rule I had prescribed
for myself, and for a brief space to solicit the at-
tention of the committee.
Sir, I should be apostate to the cause of truth
and justice, and the highest obligations of duty
and feeling, could I patiently and in silence on my
part permit the gross misstatements which have
been made in relation to the District of Columbia
and the Chesapeake and Ohio canal to pass un-
noticed. I mean not to impugn the motives of
gentlemen, or to impute willful misrepresentation;
but they have not given this subject that full in-
vestigation which its importance merits, nor have
they arrived at the true statement of facts which
documents on our tables, and others entirely ac-
cessible, would have furnished.
What, let me ask, are the claims of the District
of Columbia on this Government; and with what
justice and propriety does she now present her
prayer for relief? Whilst under the fostering
care of the States of Maryland and Virginia, her
cities then in existence flourished, and enjoyed a
large foreign and domestic trade with prospects
of increasing prosperity. This spot having been
stltcted as the stat of a gieat national city, the
territory of ten miles squate was ceded to the
United States, and placed under the special pro-
tection of the General Government But did the
District come to your aims poor and pennikss,
a tax on your Tieasury, and a burden to the na-
tion > No, sn , she hi ought you a rich dowiy in
lands nnd money, more than ten thousand lots in
this city, for which you paid not one cent, the
sales of which have already amounted to between
seven and eight hundred thousand dolíais, and
been placed in your Treasuiy. You have made
donations to literary and charitable institutions of
lots to the value of $70,000, and have lots lemain-
mg unsold valued at upvvaids of $100,000 Your
public squares and reservations of five hundred and
forty acres, now valued at more than $1,000,000,
cost but $36,000, and were paid for by the sale of
lots which had been given to you. The State of
Virginia at the same time made you a donation
of $120,000, and the State of Maryland $70,000
Let it be boine in mind, too, that you have de-
rived all the advantage of the i ise of property in
this city from the enterprise and at the cost of
individual property holders, without having con-
tributed anything toward it, for you have paid
no taxes; and had your lots been taxed pro rata
with those of individuals, the sum would probably
have amounted to nearly the present debt of the
city.
Now, sir, in what consists this very unreason-
able request on the part of the Distnct cities'
Why, that you will assume for them, from your
redundant Treasury, a sum short of what you
have realized by the connection with them, to re-
lieve their embarrassments, which are crushing
them to the earth, and from which they have no
other mode of escape; for.this, and the interest
and losses on their foreign loan, they offer you
all the security in their power,and which I will
presently show to be most ample.
It has been asserted that the embarrassments
of these corporations have resulted from their ex-
travagance and improvidence. To make asser-
tions on mere impressions or rumor is no difficult
task; but to prove their correctness in the face
of facts, is not so easy. I challenge gentlemen
to point out the acts of extravagance to which
these corporations are amenable. The chief source
of embarrassment has grown out of the subscrip-
tion of these cities to the Chesapeake and Ohio
canal, and the interest and losses consequent on
the Holland loan, which was negotiated to fulfill
their engagements on account of the subscription
to the canal stock. I shall be able to show that
they were justified at the time in making that
subscription, and that they were in fact, induced
to it by the acts of the Government. The charge
of improvidence from that quaiter would, indeed,
come with bad grace. Washington, it is true,
was most unfoi túnate in the lottery grant, which
added about $200,000 to her debts; but this loss
cannot be attributed either to her extravagance
or improvidence But, sir, in the magnificent
plan of your city, and the length and width of
its avenues and streets, exceeding those of any
city in Europe, or perhaps in the world, opened
and improved at the expense of a small popula-
tion, may be found an additional and obvious
source ot embarrassment. This plan was for the
accommodation of the Government, and to gratify
the pride of the nation, in which the citizens had
no voice, and for which they are in no respect
responsible.
The considerations which induced the District
cities to incur responsibilities by their large sub-
scription to the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, de-
mands the serious attention and reflection of
members, and, in my humble judgment, imposes
a moral obligation on the Government to grant
the fullest measure of relief. But for the hopes
held out by the Government in becoming a part-
ner to the amount of $1,000,000, and their faith
in her continued patronage and countenance to
the canal, thereby insuring its early completion
to Cumberland, these cities never would have
incurred responsibilities so far exceeding their
means. The original plan, before the United
States became a partner, contemplated a canal
from tide-water to terminate at Cumberland, thir-
ty feet in width ajid three feet deep, the cost of
which was estimated at $1,578,054 This vvoik
was evidently within the means of the names
inttiested, mi?ht have been firn hrd some \eais
since, and the local interests it vvns intended to
piomote would, at this day, have been in the full
fruition of the benefits which were anticipated by
itsfiiends But the Government soon took an
inteicst in this impiovement, when, from a mere
local, it assumed the chaiacter of a national work.
The President of the United States recommended
it in the strongest terms to the favoiable consid-
eration and pationagc of Congress, as piesentin"
the lushest claims on the public means to insure
its success It was represented to be a work ot
the gieitest national impoitance, affording the
nearest and most practicable connection of the
westein waters with the Atlantic, and, in its po-
litical consequences, as drawing more closely tha
bonds of union. Congress responded to the rec-
ommendation of the President, and granted a
charter, which required the company to enlarga
the capacity of the canal, so as to answer all the
purposes of the nation, and to admit of its ex-
tension to other points besides the District of
Columbia.
In place of terminating at Cumberland, as ori-
ginally designed by its projectors, and under tha
national aspect it now assumed, Pittsburg was
designated as the western terminus. The Gov-
ernment directed its engineeis, with General Ber-
nard at their head, to make the survey and esti-
mate of cost. That estimate made the cost to
Cumberland to exceed $8,000,000, and yet, in
the full knowledge of these facts, the Government
subscribed $1,000,000.
Is it, then, under these circumstances, a matter
of surprise that the District cities, confiding in
the further aid of the Government to a work in
which it had become so largely interested, and
relying on its early completion, should have
ventured to embark their fortunes in the same
concern ? Their hopes were buoyant, and they
believed that, under such auspices, a speedy com-
pletion of the woik was secured. They looked
forward with confidence then, as they do now,
to the incalculable benefits and boundless sources
of wealth in which they must participate when
this great work is finished to Cumberland. But
a change came over their hones. Other counsels
prevailed, and a different policy was adopted by
the Government, and left them to deplore their
own credulity, and mourn over their broken for-
tunes.
Mr. Chairman, it has been contended in another
branch of the Government, and by the reports of
the Committees for the District of Columbia of
both Houses, that the faith of the nation is impli-
cated in the foreign debt of these cities. It is
evident that such is the impression of the Messrs.
Cormmehns, with whom the loan was negotiated
in Holland, and who, in their correspondence
with Mr. Rush, remark, that " the public faith
of the United States is so mixed up with tha
matter, that we should not readily permit our-
selves to doubt that it presents all reasonable
grounds of security." By an act of Congress,
these cities were authorized to effect a loan, and
to mortgage the property of the citizens resident
and non-resident, to secure the payment of tha
principal and Interest. The Treasury of tha
nation was made the repository for these pay-
ments, and the President of the United States
required to see to the faithful performance of the
contract on the part of the cities; and in the event
of failure to comply, he is to cause the property
within their limits to ie sold at auction, to raise
an amount sufficient to liquidate the debt. A
former Secretary of the Treasury interested him-
self in the negotiation of the loan, by addressing
letters to foreign capitalists, expressing the deep
interest which the Government took in the matter
Now I leave it for the House to judge how far
the act of Congress, and the connection of thesa
high functionaries of the nation with the trans-
action, were calculated to influence foreign capi-
talists in lending their money, under the belief
that the faith and honor of the nation was pledged
for their ultimate security.
These cities have strained every nerve to sus-
tain themselves, but can no longer struggle against
destiny. They have failed to comply in the pay-
ments to their foreign creditors, and the President
