1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
24th Cono.... 1st Sess.
Contingent Appropriations—Mr. Shepperd.
Ho.
OF
Reps.
has been required bv the fluent of those creditors   '
to enfoiee the contru t    This unvveltome duty he
must perform, and has already appointed a com-
mission* r to attend to ltsexicution    May Heaven
avert tin's disgrace fiom our countiv '
It ha-! been said  by an honoiable gentleman
from Kentucky, that the security offered by these
ride", of their stork in the Chtsapeake and Ohio
Cnnal Company, is far from buns; adequate, and,
in fact, is worth but foity cents in the hundred.
Where the gentleman has obtained his informa-
tion as to the value of that stock, I cannot con-
jecture.    I have  heard of none in the  market,
with the exception of the stock of a few delin-
quent subscribers, and am not aware that even
that has brought less than fifty cents in the dol-
lar    The siock of that company is held chiefly
bv Governments and corporations, and the indi-
vidual stockholders, w ith the few exceptions I
have mentioned, will continue to hold their stock
in the firm belief of its being the most profitable
investment they can have, when the canal is com-
pleted to Cumberland.  The gentleman calculates
the indemnity to the Government at what he esti-
mates to be the present value of the stock.    But
the bill does not contemplate the immediate sale
and consequent sacrifice of the stock, but, on the
contrary, provides that the District cities may
redeem it within ten years, by refunding to the
Treasury the amount of principal and  interest
which may be paid for them    I hazard the asser-
tion, with the most sincere and thorough convic-
tion of its being realized, that long, long before
the term of redemption limited by this bill, the
stock of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Com-
pany to be given in pledge to the United States
will be an ample fund to repay to the last cent
the obligations you may assume for the District.
If this magnificent work, far surpassing in its
dimensions and construcuon any other in this
country, as many gentlemen on this floor, who
have recently visited it as far as Harper's Ferry,
can testify, should fail to realize the expectations  |
of its friends, it will be a solitary exception in  j
the history of canals, either in this country or
Europe.    This may more especially be said of
canals leading to a mineral region, which have,
without a solitary exception, proved to be the
most profitable of any kind of investments. Take,
for example, the Schuylkill canal, the chief trans-
portation on which is coal.    Five or six years
ago its stock of fifty dollars a share, being the
par, would command only about twenty-four dol-
lars a share.    It now sells, as was stated by the
gentleman from Virginia, at upwards of one hun-
dred and sixty dollars a share, an advance of more
than two hundred per cent.
The New York canal, which had, in its progress,
to encounter all the prejudices and difficulties
which have been thrown in the way of the Ches-
apeake and Ohio canal, and cost about $8,000,000,
after having reduced the tolls one third, is now
yielding to the State a revenue of more than one
million and a half of dollars annually, and this,
too, without the advantage of having iron or
coal for transportation.
These simple facta, which cannot be contro-
verted, are entitled to more consideration than all
the assertions or prophecies of gentlemen whose
prejudices or want of correct information may
have misled their judgments.
Why should not the stock of the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal become a fruitful source of rev-
enue to all concerned' It passes through aregion
of country equal in agricultural products to any
in the middle States. Its tributaries, the Shenan-
doah, the Cacapon, South Branch, Antietam,
Conecocheague, and Monocacy rivers, already
navigable and susceptible of improvement for
several hundred miles, all water extensive and
fertile valleys in the highest state of cultivation.
Independent of agricultural productions, look to
the other sources of revenue from coal, iron,
lime, lumber, the valuable fisheries of the Poto-
mac, and many other articles of transportation,
too various to enumerate. To these may be
added the immense trade of the West which can
be transported on the national road to Cumber-
land, and by the canal and railroad to the District
cities and Baltimore, at a cheaper rate and by a
nearer route than any other communication can
offer    The return trade, in merchandise, &c, to
the westtrn States must also add krgely to the
revenue of the canil The watei po\v< i mated
by the canal is ot unlimited extent, anil will in-
vite the interpuse and cipitil of manufactuieis
The entiie co'umn of water of the Potomac may
be tun ed into the canal within the Distnrt, and
with a canal to the niti nor, transporting the law
materials loi manufacture, and easy access to the
ocean, where is theie a position ofluing greater
inducements'
The coal and iron of Alleghany are inexhausti-
ble, and the coal, after eaieful analysis, is pto-
nounced to be one third better in quality than any
bituminous coal in this countiy This mineral
can be delivered (when the canal is completed to
Cumberland) in the eastern cities at one third less
in price than they now pay for similar coal, and
is one third better in quality The inevitable con-
sequence then is, that the demand will not be
confined to the valley of the Potomac and the
cities of the District and Baltimore However
large its consumption may be, it will constituie
buta small item of the transportation of the canal.
No, sir, where an article indispensable to human
comfort can be had cheapest, there will be the de-
mand and the market,and the íesult is apparent,
that the Potomac coal will enter into the consump-
tion of every family, manufactoiy, and steamboat
of the eastern States and elsewhere
What, then, is to limit the trade and revenue
of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, but its capacity
to transport the articles which will float on its
bosom? And what is that capacity' Why, it can
transport three millions five bundled thousand
tons pei annum, which, averaging the vauous
articles of trade and distances navigated, will pio-
duce more than one dollar per ton. None can,
therefore, question the capacity of the canal to
accomplish all the purposes of its constiuction
Of the correctness of these views 1 am tully per-
suaded, and reiterate the assertion that the stock
held by the District cities affords ample secuuty
to the Government for any obligations she may
assume on their account. It is notfiom choice
that they propose to surrender their stock, but
from dire necissity, found the pressure of their
embarrassments, and having no other security to
offer you
We look forward with confident hope to the
completion of the canal in about two years, when
all the sources of its future revenue will be fully
developed and brought into active operation
The State of Maryland, perceiving the strug-
gle making by her sister States to secure the rich
trade of the West to her exclusion, has resolved
no longer to rely on foreign aid for the accom-
plishment of a work so vitally important to all
her interests. She was an original subscriber to
a large amount, and has since 1 aned the company
$2,000,000; this will complete about one hundied
and forty miles by the next spring, leaving only
between forty and fifty miles to be constructed.
the same enlightened policy which induced her
to proceed thus far will stimulate hei, by prompt
action, to insure the earliest completion of the
work, by which it will become to her a fruitful
source of revenue, and reimburse all she may
advance in its construction
The decisive action of Maryland in providing
for the final completion of the canal to Cumbei-
I land, will have an immediate influence on the
value of the stock, and probably laise it to its
par value Indeed such is the confidence of the
holders of that stock that I question if one hun-
dred shares could be purchased in the market
That public attention and vast capital are di-
rected to the coal region of Alleghany, in con-
templation of the completion of the canal, is now
a matter of record. The Legislature of Maiy-
land, at its last session, incorporated railroad,
canal, manufacturing, and banking companies
with capitals to the amount of ten or eleven mil-
lion dollars, all in the mineral region of Alle-
ghany, and accessory to the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal.
Foreign capital to an immense amount is thus
introduced into our State, for many of the capital-
ists of New York and Boston are concerned in
these corporations
Mr. Chairman, the debate on this bill has as-
sumed a most extraordinary character. Gentle-
men , not con ten t with expressing their disapproba-
tion of the measure, have gone so far as to attempt
to main it t pai ty question, and hive endeavon d
to rally aid to the Opposition by appeals lo pai ty
feeling and piejudiccs The District ot Colum-
bia, having every claim on voui kindness ind
piotection, is treated as an outcast, and v íewcd as
an intruder It would appear that, although a
poition of thcAmcncan familv,shc is unwoithy
of joui countenanci, and that she has neithci
wants nor interests to be protected, or even feel
ings to be respected Sir, I will boldly v enlute
the assertion that no civilized nation on the globe
has done so little to chensh and piomote the
growth and prospeuty of Us metropolis as has
the United States
A ge ntleman has said that he could not dare to
meet his constituents vveie he to vote for this
measuie Sir, I have constituents, too, of whom
I am justly proud—intelligent, pati lotic, and gen-
erous, whom J should be ashamed to meet were
I to vote against this measure, and have to tell
them that my vote hat1 consigned the metropolis
of then country to the hammer of the auctioneer,
and that I had left it in the hands of foreign bro-
keis and stock-|obbers The recital would rouse
the indignant blush of shame on eveiy cheek. I
feel confident that the measure of relief proposed
to the Distnct cities will meet the cordial appro-
bation of the people, whom I have never yet
known to disappiove an act of justice or gener-
osity, and those who assert to the contrary must
libel them.
Pass this bill, and you give new life, hope, and
animation to this community You invite popu-
lation, enterpnse, and capital, you disperse the
clouds which have lowered over their fortunes,
and gladden their heaits with leturningbeams of
prospeuty But íeverse the picture, and you
leave them to the mercy of foreign «editors,
pooi, desponding, bankiupt, your metropolis
sold, youi country disgraced
CONTINGENT APPROPRIATIONS
REMARKS OF HON. A  H SHEPPERD,
OF ^RTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
Apil 15, 1836,
In Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, upon
a motion to «tnkc from the bill making appropriations for
the Civil and Diplomatic expenses of Government for
the vear 1836, the Hems of " $31,000 for contingent ex-
pense> ol foreign mtcrcouise, ' and "$30,000 for con-
tingent expenses of all the missions abroad , ' and, also,
to reduce the appropriation for the expenses of Inter-
cour-evuth the B-irhary Powers,from §17 400to $10,000.
Mr A.H SHEPPERD rose and said, that in
the observations he was about to submit upon the
pending propositions to amend, he wished to be
understood as doing so, not merely as an indi-
vidual member of this body, but as in obedience,
in some degree, to the direction of the committee
charged with the duty of examining into the ac-
counts of the State Department.
I know (said Mr S.) that by this effort we
may seem to seek a consequence, and give to
out selves an importance which, perhaps, was not
intended, nor desired, in the arrangement of the
committees of this House, but, much as others
may have undervalued or slighted the duties pecu-
liar to this committee, I hope we shall be pardoned
foi attempting to show that there is, at least, a
propriety, if not necessity, in instituting and
prosecuting the various inquiries which rightfully
fall within the scope of th. authority delegated
to us by the rules of this House; yet I come not
charged with a long and formal íetrenchment re-
port, nor am I expected in any way to point to
or discuss the peculiar political opinions of those
who have been concerned in any of the Govern-
ment transactions to which I may advert, our
labors have, I hope, been prosecuted with a pur-
pose that rises far above that miserable, petty
party spirit which has, unfortunately, too often
become prevalent in our attempts to reform and
correct the abuses of Government, of which a
lamentable illustration is affoided in the famous
retienchment reports that were made duung the
session of 1827-28. Not content with noticing
practices in the then Administration, which evt-
