592
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 15,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Contingent Appropriations—Mr. Shepperd.
Ho. of Reps.
dently deserved the public censure, and pointed to
the necessity of legislative correction, the excess
of party zeal destroyed, in a great degree, the
usefulucss of the laborious efforts of that day, by
attaching grave importance to circumstances too
trivial to deserve a moment's serious consider-
ation. We have not only sobered down from the
excitement of that period, but really seem to be
fast falling into an opposite extreme.
In 1828 it was matter of grave charge against
the then Secretary of State, that out of the con-
tingent fund intended for the use of his Depart-
ment, he had, amongst other things, been guilty
of the extravagance of purchasing for his office a
print of the President of the United States, at the
price of thirteen dollars! But what have we now,
sir? Instead of a disposition to question the
character or extent of contingent disbursements,
I was unable to carry a majority the other day
upon a proposition to reduce the contingent ap-
propriation for the Department of State from
twenty-five to seventeen thousand dollars; and
that, too, without waiting to scan so nicely, as
in days gone by, the propriety and extent of
every petty disbursement that the Secretary of
State may have authorized; but by a statement
of facts and figures, clearly showing that this re-
trenchment might be made, without any embar-
rassment to this branch of the public service.
There is, therefore, now not only a disposition
to give what is necessary, but even to bestow
more than can be fairly estimated for; and so far
are we going upon this extreme of confidence
and indulgence, that the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. C.Johnson] has clearly intimated that,
as we cannot foresee precisely what amount may
be needed under any contingent head of appropri-
ation, we have only to adopt his amendment,
(requiring an annual publication of the expendi-
tures,) and we may then free ourselves from the
trouble of trying to ascertain how little of the
people's money will probably do; our only care
will then be to be sure and give enough! This
principle will very greatly diminish and simplify
the labor of legislation; indeed, we shall then
have very little to do other than to place the sur-
plus revenue of the country at the discretionary
disposition of the President and the heads of
Departments. And here wc are again forcibly
reminded of the striking contrast, or rather incon-
sistency, to which the extremes of party are con-
tinually exposed. To-day a gentleman from
Tennessee thinks it unimportant to look to the
amounts of contingent appropriation; yet, in
1828, a member from the same State, (Mr. Blair,)
and, like the present gentleman, opposed to the
then Administration, in a report touching this
very department of the Government, recommends
not merely to diminish the contingencies appli-
cable to " missions abroad," but that no appro-
priation whatever be made for that object. In
my estimate of public men, and in my pursuit
of public measures, I have ever labored to guard
against that political excitement under the influ-
ence of which we are too apt to condemn that to-
day which a change of party views may lead us
to approve to-morrow; and, although in this way
I have acquired the unenviable distinction of not
being thorough in my devotion to party, I have
an abiding consciousness that it is the only course
of conduct that can meet my self-approval, or
that would tend to promote the permanent inter-
ests of those whom I have the honor to repre-
sent.
Pardon, sir, this momentary digression from
the mere matter of business for which I mainly
rise to address you. Before entering, however,
upon a notice of any particular items of expend-
iture, upon which I feel myself called to remark,
I must here pause to express my surprise that
the Secretary of State should have sent in an esti-
mate, and that the Committee of Ways and
Means should have reported the bill now under
consideration, with a clause giving $30,000 for the
"contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,"
and a like sum for " contingent expenses of all
the missions abroad."
Perceiving from the books of the Treasury
and the detailed disbursement furnished the com-
mittee to which I belong that neither of these
heads of expenditure usually exceed $20,000 an-
nually, and that, for the last yew, that " for misj-
I sions abroad" was only $16,221 37, I was ready
to object, and did intend, even under this view
of the subject, to propose to reduce the appropri-
ations to something like the expenditure; but
what was my surprise when, by reference to the
balances in the office of the Register of the Treas-
ury, I ascertained the fact that at the close of the
last year there was on hand $30,000, applicable
to the service of the present year, under the
head of " contingencies of foreign intercourse;"
and the sum of $40,508 belonging to that of" all
the missions abroad." Thus we see that under
two heads of appropriation, usually covering an
annual expenditure of not quite $40,000, there is
already at the service of the present year the sum
of $70,508; and yet the Secretary of State requires
a further appropriation of $60,000.
It is true, sir, that the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Cambreleng,]
seconded by the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Mason,] noto moves to
strike this sum of $60,000 from the bill; and I
should probably have contented myself, on this
part of the case, with merely voting for the
amendment had not a very strange attempt been
made by the latter gentleman [Mr. Mason] to
show that the Secretary of State could not, at the
time of his estimate for the year 1836, (which
was made about the first of October, 1835,) know
that any very considerable halance would remain
at the end of the year 1835, or that the addition
of $30,000, under each of these heads, would not
be requisite. We have already seen that if there
had been nothing on hand, the sums proposed in
the bill, and asked by the Secretary, would have
been abundantly large, and, indeed, more than
sufficient. But what disposition can the Secre-
tary or his friend make of this enormous sum
; of upwards of seventy thousand dollars ? For
I if it be said he could not know in October how
j the balance would be at the close of December,
1835, certainly there could have been no difficulty
in ascertaining how it stood at the end of the
1 year 1834. By reference to the same undoubted
source of information, and by a mere moment's
inspection, we are informed that, under the head
of " contingencies of missions abroad," the sum
on hand on the 31st of December, 1834, was
$26,729; and for " contingencies of foreign inter-
course," there was $20,000; yet for 1835 there
was also appropriated $30,000 to each of these
objects,giving, for 1835,an entire sum of $106,720.
Suppose, then, that no other or later data of cal-
culation were attainable by the Secretary than
; those to which I have just referred; does not
everybody see that, unless by direction of the
President, he had greatly augmented the disburse-
ments during the year 1835,'enough, an abundant
balance must have remained for the present year
without any additional appropriation? But at
the very time of asking these additional sums for
1836,  viz: the 1st of October, 1835, the unex-
pended balance, under the head of contingencies
for foreign intercourse, was, in truth, $30,603,
and for missions abroad, $46,683 87.
Thus the first three quarters of the year had
been met, and more than met, without trenching
on the appropriation of 1835; surely, then, one
short quarter of the year was not likely to do
much in diminishing this amount; but really very
little, unusually little, was at that time loft to
conjecture or estimate; for, by reference to the
warrant book of the Treasury, it will be seen
that as early as the 4th of May the agent of the
Department of State had, upon the requisition of
the Secretary, drawn from the Treasury the sum
of $20,000 on t.ccount of contingent expenses of
foreign intercourse, which embraced the whole
expenditure of the year with the exception of
$1,436 66, which remained of the amount drawn
out of the Treasury in 1834.
It has not been usual for the agent to be pos-
sessed, at so early a day, of the whole sum likely
i to be disbursed during the entire year; but, I pre-
! sume, it was so done in this instance for the
i reason that more than the usual amount of the
! annual expenditure was about being incurred at
an early period, and within the first quarter of
the year; of this I may speak hereafter.   There
was, then, in October last, nothing left to conjec-
ture and estimate under the head of contingencies
of foreign intercourse; and, by reference to the
! expenses of missions abroad, we find that only
! $5,375 89 was required during the last quarter
of the year 1835. This sum, then, turns out to
be the only basis upon which it is now contended
that, notwithstanding the balances I have shown
to be on hand at the beginning of 1835, and at the
close of the third quarter of that year, the Secre-
tary could not have known that the sum of $60,000
would not be necessary, in addition thereto, for
the year 1836! It has, indeed, been intimated by
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mason] that,
in order to make a safe estimate, the Secretary of
State must wait until all the various items, or ac-
counts of disbursement, have been presented and
audited at the Treasury; but, instead of this view
being correct in principle, or tending to justify
the course of the Secretary, it will, if admitted,
show a still larger balance, especially of the funds
applicable to contingent expenses of missions
abroad; for even now, sir, the whole amount
transmitted for settlement, and passed by the
Fifth Auditor, does not exceed $5,000. Yet the
expense incurred under this head, for the year
1835, is set down at $16,221 37; that being the
sum actually paid out of the Treasury upon indi-
vidual account, or by funds placed in the hands
of foreign bankers or other agents of the Govern-
ment, to be disbursed in the payment of the nu-
merous items of account into which such a head
of expenditure necessarily divides itself, but
which cannot in themselves be looked to as the
standard of expenditure under any particular head
of appropriation, and are not so considered at the
Treasury; but, on the other hand, the sums so
drawn from the Treasury, and the funds pur-
chased and placed in the hands of our bankers
I and other agents, are considered and treated as
expended, although it may, and frequently does,
happen that, upon the ultimate and detailed set-
tlement of all the accounts involved, balances
may be found unexpended in the hands of these
agents, but which are considered as so entirely
out of the Treasury that a warrant is drawn for
their repayment or restoration to the head of ap-
propriation from which they were taken.
Thus you see the actual disbursement under
any particular head of appropriation may prove
to be less, but cannot well turn out to be more,
than the sums so advanced by the Government.
It is, therefore, not only idle, but really the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Mason] does both
himself and the Secretary of State great injustice,
when he contends that the estimates for the De-
partment are regulated by the actual state of the
individual accounts, as settled at the Treasury;
for, I repeat, were this the case, it would make
the matter still worse, by showing that the pres-
ent estimate of $60,000 for contingencies of foreign
intercourse and missions abroad had been made
with a much larger balance on hand than even that
for which I have contended; and, instead of jus-
tifying the appropriation of $17,400 asked for the
present year's expense of our intercourse with the
Barbary Powers, would show that the Depart-
ment was yet unauthorized to ask any amount
whatever for this service,as no disbursements of
the last year's appropriations have been forwarded
by our consuls, and settled at the Treasury.
But the truth is, as I have asserted, and as
the books of the Treasury show, the year's ex-.
penditure is considered as regulated by the sums
drawn out for disbursement; these amounts can
he seen at a moment's glance. The Secretary oí
State had only to ask, and the information would
have been afforded. But it seems that even this
little trouble has not been submitted to; the only
inquiries have probably been, How much was
voted last year? Was that enough ? How much
I more than enough, is a matter that has not trou-
bled the head of the Department until quite re-
cently.
You will bear in mind, sir, that I am not now
indulging in any objection to the amounts annu-
ally expended under these heads of appropriation
of which I am speaking; but I have purposely
contrasted the smallness of these disbursements
with the continued repetition of annual demands
for extravagant and useless appropriations. Cer-
tainly it is no good reason to urge, in favor of
such a course of legislation, that the money is
not wasted, and that we should reward the econ-
omy of those who have charge of the pub'io
