594
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 37,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Appropriations—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
The presents so to be given may be necessary
to attain the object in view, and the object may
itself be worth 'the monev. I will not now wait
to question the one or the other; but however
commendable may have been this expenditure, I
would greatly have preferred that it should have
been intrusted to some one who had not shown
a manifest inattention to the law regulating his
duties, or that, at least, before giving this addi-
tional evidence of confidence in our consul at
Tangiers, he had been required by the President
of the United States to adjust the sum already
outstanding against him on the books of the
Treasury; for, sir, however able this gentleman,
with others, may ultimately prove to account for
all their disbursements, a neglect to do so for
years, in violation of the plainest provision of
law, is an example that ought not to be favored
or indulged. Nor is this my only objection, con-
nected with the class of expenditures to which I
am now referring; for in them I think we have a
forcible illustration of the great impropriety of
permitting surplus amounts to accumulate, under
any contingent head of disbursement, by not
attending to the state of the appropriation at the
close of each successive year, or at any time
when it may be proposed to make an additional
appropriation. Thus at the end of the year 1334,
there wis on hand, under the head of " inter-
course with the Harbary Powers," the sum of
$18,607, more than enough to meet the usual an-
nual expenditure, yet, for 1S35, we have the old
appropriation of $17,400, giving an available
amount for that year of ¿36,000. Out of this has
been taken this extraordinary expenditure of
near $20,000 for presents to the Emperor of Mo-
rocco.
But I would inquire who, in votingfor the usual
appropriation of the last year, imagined he was
giving an extra fund to be employed m this or any j
other extraordinary way, and to the fitness or
propriety of which his attention was in no way
directed? The money might have been granted,
but 1 insist that that could only be fairly and
properly known by making the direct request,
and asking a specific appropriation for this par-
ticular object; thereby affording the Representa-
tives of the people the important privilege of
looking into and discussing, in advance of legis-
lation, all the questions of expediency, of princi-
ple, or of national policy, that this or any other
unusual disbursement may be supposed to involve;
and not leaving to them the almost useless task of
merely criticising the expenditure, after it shall
have been made from a fund created without any
intimation from any quarter of an intention to
apply it to such a purpose. When an event occurs
that is really contingent and urgent in its charac-
ter, such as could not have been especially looked
to and provided for by Congress, then the Presi-
dent would be clearly justified in meeting any
expense that may accrue, out of the common
standing contingent appropriations; but'it cannot
be said that the determination to institute negoti-
ations with the Emperor of Japan, the Sultan of
Muscat, or King of Siam, or to apply for a re-
newal of the treaty with the Emperor of Morocco,
partakes at all of this character; these were objects
presenting time for deliberation, and were cer-
tainly of sufficient importance, even from the large
expenditure to which they have given rise, to have
• been presented directly to the consideration of
Congress.
But the principle for which I contend is sus-
tained by the previous example of our Govern-
ment, in relation to this very treaty with Morocco:
for when, in 1791, it was proposed to make pres-
ents to the then new Emperor, in order to obtain
his recognition of the treaty which it is now in-
tended to renew, the money was not taken by the
President from the contingent fund, or ordinary
appropriation for intercourse with that Power,
but a specific appropriation was made in a law
passed for that particular purpose.
This is an example worthy of all imitation,
and which \ sincerely wish had been followed in
the instances to which I am now advening. But,
instead of this safe and truly republican doctrine
of specific appropriations gaining favor at this
day, I can but perceive the manifestation of a
disposition to lose^ sight of this powerful safe-
guard against an improvident and unauthorized
expenditure of the treasure of the nation. Say, ¡|
if you please, that all is yet well, and that we
have, at present, a sufficient security for the faith-
ful application of the public money, not in the
cautious specific provisions of our laws appro-
priating it, but in the sound and prudent discre-
tion of those to whom we intrust it—would it, I
ask, be wise to rely upon the continuance of such
a security?
Yes, sir, all may now be well, and yet that as-
surance should not induce us, as legislators, to
look the less anxiously to the means of future
safety. Those msy hereafter possess the Exec-
utive rule in our Government, whose ambitious
propensities, or whose sordid love of money, may
lead them to construe not only liberally, but most
mischievously,their powerover such portions of
the public treasure as may be placed in their
hands, without strict legal limitations as to the
objects of its application; let us not, therefore,
set an example of blind and implicit confidence,
which may tend hereafter to endanger or destroy
the liberties of our country.
MILITARY APPROPRIATIONS.
SPEECH  OF  HON. JOHN  BELL,
OF TENNESSEE,
In the House of Representatives,
Jpril 27, 1836,
Upon the Military Appropriation Bill, in the Committee of
Hid Whole.
Mr. BELL said he did not rise to enter into
the wide range of debate indulged in by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cambreleng.] I
have too recently (said Mr. B.) occupied the
attention of the committee in a similar course of
remarks myself, to authorize me to claim the at-
tention of the committee again, until other gen-
tlemen who desire to be heard shall have had an
opportunity of delivering their sentiments. I
only desire, at this time, to reply to some of the
remarks of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cambreleng,] which appeared tome to be rather
personal towards myself.
The gentleman from New York, aTter quoting
frpm my remarks, made upon a late occasion,
what I had said as to the time when the regular
1 appropriation bills for the support and improve-
ment of the military defenses of the country had
been reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means at the present session, and further as to
the time they were suffered to remain upon the
table unacted on, proceeded to contrast the action
of the Committee of Ways and Means of the
present Congress, in this respect, with what had
been done by the same committee at former ses-
sions of Congress, and concluded by declaring
that my charge against him was unfounded. I
desire to know if the gentleman means to say
that the facts stated by me in the speech to which
he alluded were not founded in truth ?
Mr. CAMBRELENG said that he meant to
say that the charge of neglect made against the
Committee of Ways and Means by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, in not reporting the bills
referred to before the close of the month of Decem-
ber, was not well founded, and he had referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means of former
Congresses to show that those bills had not usu-
ally been reported at so early a day as they had
been reported at the present session.
Mr. BELL. Neither in my speech delivered
in this House, nor in my printed report of that
speech, did I make, or authorize to bemade.anf
charge of the description alluded to by the gen-
tleman. My statement was simply that those
bills for the support and improvement of the
military defenses of the country had not been
reponed until nearly a month after the meeting
of Congress, and that, after they were reported,
they were suffered to sleep upon the table more
than a month before they were seriously moved
in the House; and I inferred, from this fact, that
the gentleman from New York, and his political
associates, could not have had any serious appre-
hensions of a war with France. It was only
under the peculiar public exigency alleged by the
gentlemen themselves to exist at the commence-
ment of the session, that any blame could attach
to the committee for not reporting and acting
upon those bills at an earlier day. I could not
believe that gentlemen were sincere in their pro-
fessions as to their fears of a war with France
when they were well apprised of the defenseless
condition of the countiy, and yet delayed to
report those bills until the close of the month of
December, and failed to move their consideration
in the House until the 9th of February following!
I yet believe that the gentlemen had no fears of
war, as their conduct would have been very dif-
ferent in regard to those bills.
But the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cam-
breleng] has thought proper to review my course
upon the naval appropriation bill, and to insinuate
motives different from those which I avowed,
and widely different from those which actually
governed me. lie has also thought proper to im-
pute to the minority the cause of the delay which
occurred in passing thatbill. He has also alluded
to that delay as extraordinary, and the whole
tenor of his remarks is calculated to give support
and corroboration to the misrepresentations which
have found their way into the public journals on
this subject.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he wished the gen-
tleman from Tennessee not to understand him as
insinuating more than he stated; he had imputed
no motives; he had only stated the part taken by
that gentleman on the naval appropriation bill,
and he considered it extraordinary.
Mr. BELL. I am aware that the course and
manners of the gentleman arc perfectly parlia-
mentary; he imputes no motives, but he makes
such a statement of facts and circumstances from
which the only rational deduction would be that
my course had been founded upon most im-
proper and unworthy motives. In replying to the
gentleman from New York, I felt myself called
upon, and fully justified in noticing the statements
of the official journal, printed in this city, (the
Globe,) upon this subject. They are of the same
character with the inference which must be drawn
from the statements of the gentleman, if they are
not corrected. If this were the case of ordinary
newspaper statements, I would not feel myself
called upon to notice them. Under other circum-
stances, I would permit them to pass unnoticed
by me, perfectly willing to abide their effect upon
an intelligent people; but, sir, the papertowhich
I allude is the regular organ and channel through
which the views of the Executive and of the party
in power in this country are declared and pro-
claimed to the country. It is supported and sus-
tained by the patronage of every department of
the Government, and it also receives the patron-
age of this House. The publishers and editors
of this paper are the officers of this House; they
are the printers of this House, chosen by a large
majority of its members. The representations of
the proceedings of this House, found in the col-
umns of this paper, bear upon their face, in some
sense, the stamp of official authority. The Exec-
utive and this branch of the National Legislature,
in the general and public estimation, stand pledged
for their accuracy. But what is of still more im-
portance to those whose course in this House is
misrepresented by this journal, hundreds and
thousands of its numbers, containing the grossest
misrepresentations and slanders against me and
other members of this House, are franked by the
President himself, and distributed over the conn-
try. Scarcely a day passes in which I do not re-
ceive information, by letters, of the circulation of
this journal among the people of my own State,
and among my own constituents, under the frank
of the President. It is also worthy of notice, that
this paper is daily laid upon the desks of a large
portion of the members of this House, and it is
also circulated extensively under their frank. I
know, sir, that neither the President, nor honor-
able members of this House, intend to guaranty
the truth of all the statements to be found in the
columns of this paper, nor do I consider that they
ought to be held responsible for theiraccuracy; but,
sir, the effect is the same upon those who are as-
sailed by falsehood and misrepresentation. The
people cannot well comprehend that gentlemen
high in official rank, as well as in popular favor,
should so industriously circulate, under the sanc-
tion of their individual signatures and frank, the
