596
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 27,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Military Appropriations—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
lately passed the House, was more than double |
the amount appropriated in former years. It is i
true, as stated by the gentleman from New Vork, >
[Mr. Cambreleng,] that my motion proposed a
saving of §31)0,000 only; but if we were likely to
have Immediate war, it appeared to me that our
true policy was not to expend a dollar more than
wa« actually necessary upon any object which
could not be made effective and available in such
a crisis. At all events, I thought that the appro-
priation for the navy-yards ought,undersuch cir-
cumstances, to be restricted to the usual amount;
and this was the view of the question which I
presented to the committee when I submitted my
first motion. I entered into no elaborate argu-
ment; I stated my object in the most perfect
candor, and I asked the committee to vote in-
stantly upon my motion; I deprecated delay. I
entreated the committee not to rise that day until
the question I had raised was taken; and I de-
clined to debate it on my part. I was open and
explicit at the same time, in stating that my ob-
ject was to bring gentlemen to the only test in
my power to offer, of their real views in relation
to a war; and I called upon gentlemen to show
us by their votes whether they regarded war as
a probable event. Instead of being met in the
same spirit of candor in which I had made the
proposition, the very distinguished, enlightened,
liberal, and able gentleman at the head of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Jarvis,] as
well as other gentlemen, including the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cambreleng,] thought
proper wholly to evade the question 1 had pre-
sented; and to enable them to do so more effect-
ually, they would have it that I intended an attack
upon the navy-yard at Portsmouth. The defense
of the navy-yard at that place was entered upon,
and every question except the one I had pre-
sented to the House was seized upon and debated,
not having any connection whatever with the real
question I had raised.
Against my entreaty, (for I really at that time
felt unwilling to be responsible for any great de-
lay in passing the appropriation bill,) the com-
mittee rose, on motion of the gentleman from New
York, in my eye, [Mr. Mann,] at an early hour
in the afternoon of the day on which I submitted
my motion. So much for my disposition to de-
feat the passage of the bill at that stage of it. The
consideration of the bill was so much interrupted
by the pressure of other business, that, in order
to increase the time which might be appropriated
to the con tested election,and other questions which
I foresaw were likely to take precedence of the
Navy bill, on the morning of the 15th of March
I made a proposition that the House should meet
at eleven o'clock in the forenoon of each day,
which was agreed to; and I thus caused one hour
more than usual to be employed in the business
of the House. On that day the Navy bill, after
the lapse of several days, was again taken up,
and was discussed by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Evans.] On the next day it was discussed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cham-
bers,] after whom 1 succeeded in getting the floor,
and occupied about one hour only on that day, in
my remarks upon the motion I then submitted to
strike out the entire amount proposed to be appro-
priated for the improvement of the navy-yard at
Portsmouth; and this hour must pass for one of
the four days I am represented to have consumed
in my remarks upon that motion. Now, as to
the object of that motion, in answer to the charge
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cambre-
leng,] and the equally unfounded representations
made through other channels, I have only to re-
peat what 1 stated openly and distinctly at the
time I made the motion. The situation of affairs
has greatly changed since I made my first motion.
On the 16th of February,information had reached
this country that all prospect of a rupture with
France was at an end. A French war ceased to
be any longer the rallying cry of the dominant
party; but it was still proposed to enter upon a
most expensive and extravagant system of nation-
al defense, both by sea and land. The occasion
appeared to me to be a proper one to reconsider
the policy adopted at a very early day in relation
to the number and location of our navy-yards.
Millions were proposed to be expended on these
objects in the next four years, and I believed the
public interest required that this subject should
undergo a thorough examination. But I stated
expressly,when I made the motion, that,although
I was confident that both the economy and the
efficiency of this branch of the national defense
required that the number of navy-yards shonld
be reduced, and that, at all events, we ought to
make a more suitable selection for some of them,
yet I had no expectation of succeeding in my
motion. I stated the causes which existed to for-
bid such a hope, and, among others, the absence
of Executive favor to the project of reform in this
branch of the service. I felt it my duty to call the
attention of the public to this subject, however
hopeless any effort for immediate reformation
might be. I also took occasion to be entirely can-
did in stating another object in making that mo-
tion to be that I might have an opportunity of
remarking, freely and fully, upon many subjects
connected with the principles and practices of the
party in power. I did not expect to have this
privilege allowed me during the session, unless I
availed myself of that occasion to exercise it.
My reasons for that belief, you, sir, [Mr. Mason,
of Virginia,] must remember I was quite partic-
ular and specific in assigning. When gentlemen,
therefore, taunt me with the entire failure of my
motion, thev must remember that it was a result
I had myself foretold. But the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cambreleng] has reminded me
that I did not vote for my own motion in the
House. It was not the object of my motion to
suffer any of the improvements at Portsmouth to
go to decay, unless it should, upon proper inves-
tigation, be thought advisable to discontinue the
navy-yard at that place; and, therefore, the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Ever-
ett] embraced the whole object I had in view.
The question which was moved in the House,
upon my motion, as it was literally made, I saw
was the result of concert between several mem-
bers of the House; and the vote upon that ques-
tion was intended to be used, as the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cambreleng] has now used
it, and I treated the movement as it deserved.
Such, as I have briefly described, was my course
upon the Navy appropriation bill, which recently
passed this House, and such were the motives
which governed me—motives which I openly and
candidly avowed at the time. I am aware that
the misrepresentations and slanders which have
been heaped upon me in regard to my conduct in
relation to this bill, by the official journal of this
city, and others, have been so often repeated that
many persons at .a distance have been misled by
them; and I am not surprised that many honor-
able members of this House have been misled as
to the time actually consumed in the debate upon
the Navy bill. Indeed I had supposed that from
the repeated and slanderous character of the at-
tacks which had recently been made upon those
members of the House who had ventured to go
into any general political discussion upon the
appropriation bills, we were not like to have
a repetition of such a practice. It required the
courage of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cambreleng] to disregard the odium which is
sure to follow such a course in a certain quarter;
and I must still express my surprise that that
gentleman, with all his courage, has entered upon
so wide afield of debate upon the present occasion.
I must repeat here what I have said at another
time upon this subject. I never will yield my
privilege of going fully and at large into the dis-
cussion of every question connected with the
administration of public affairs, as often as I think
fit, upon the appropriation bills. I know how
unfashionable this practice has become of late;
and I hope it will not be considered disrespectful
if I say that many members of this House appear
to me to consider that our first and chief duty
here is to vote through the appropriation bills. I
beg leave to differ widely from these gentlemen.
A much greater and more important duty is to
watch over and guard the Executive administra-
tion of the country. I know that an opinion is
becoming prevalent that we have nothing to do
with the other branches of the Government. I
deny the position. I affirm that it is our solemn
duty, under the Constitution, to watch, and to be
the overseers, in some sense, of the Executive.
It is a great and mischievous and may become a
fatal error to suppose we have not the power, and
that it is not our right and duty to do so.
As to the effect of the doctrine that nothing
ought to be discussed upon the appropriation
bills except what belongs to the details of the
business before the House, we may profit by re-
curring to the condition of this House on yester-
day or the day before, when a bill was under
consideration and passed through the committee,
appropriating, I believe, (though I have not added
up all the items) more than a million or a million
and a half of money. Many of the items of that
bill depended upon the discretion of the Execu-
tive, and of Congress. Yet, sir, during much the
larger portion of the day, I undertake to say that
not more than thirty members were in their seats.
I might refer to the small attention on this day,
for, sir, the taking up of an appropriation bill
operated as a signal for the dispersion of the
House. Nothing but dry details, after the recent
denunciations of a different course were expected
to be the subjects of discussion.
I, and the few friends with whom I act in this
House, have been repeatedly charged with a dis-
position to delay the business of the House. Sir,
our object has been to compel the action of the
House upon various subjects of importance. I
have never suppressed any motive or objects, so
far as regards anything I have done, which may
have a tendency to forward or retard the business
of the House. For the last two months I have
uniformly said to all with whom I am politically
associated, that the true policy and the best in-
terests of the country required that certain great
and important measures should be acted upon at
the present session of Congress. I have declared
repeatedly that, unless these important subjects
could be interposed and acted upon before all the
appropriation bills were passed, they would not
be acted upon at all. I have often said, (and I
hope the hint will not be neglected,) that the
moment all the regular appropriation bills are
passed, and Michigan and Arkansas shall be ad-
mitted into the Union, we shall find ourselves sud-
denly adjourned without taking a vote upon a
single question besides of importance or interest
to the public. Yes, sir,- unless the minority in
this House can so manage as to keep in reserve
until the last of the session either the bills for the
admission of Michigan and Arkansas, or such
bill as the light-house or harbor bill, in charge
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Suth-
erland,] or the internal improvement bill, either
of which would command a greater attendance
of members than any other measure which can be
brought before the House, we shall have neither
a decision nor discussion of the deposit bank bill,
the bill for the distribution of the surplus revenue,
the Executive patronage bill, nor the joint reso-
lution proposing to amend the Constitution so as
to prevent the election of President and Vice
President from coming into the House of Repre-
sentatives. It is impossible that a mere vote upon
the bill, as reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means, regulating the public deposits, may
be taken, without discussion, as recording the
yeas and nays upon any amendment whatever
under the operation of the previous question, but
that is all that need be expected. Does not the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cambreleng]
give warning that such is the settled decree of
the party, and that the House will not vote upon
the bill for the distribution of the surplus revenue,
by availing himself of the bill under considera-
tion in laying his views upon that subject before
the public? Let those concerned be advised in
season; and rely upon it, that, unless they act
upon this suggestion, and by their united action
compel a different result, they will find my proph-
ecy verified. I do not say, sir, that there are
not individuals of the party in the majority in this
House who do not think differently, nor will I
affirm that there is any settled determination on
the part of the majority to close the session with-
out deciding upon the important measures to
which I have alluded; but, sir, there will be found
to be an influence somewhere sufficiently active
and powerful to accomplish this purpose, unless
it is frustrated by the concert and energy of the
minority. That portion of the party which may
be otherwise inclined will find themselves swept
along by a current which they cannot resist.   It
