1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Bond.
Ho. of Reps.
has been to counteract this course; it has Ijeen, ||
if possible, to force the Hous ■ to do business,
and to act upon every impoitant question before
it, that I have directed myefloits, instead of
seeking to delay or defeat the business of the
House
But, to return to the charge that I wasted the
time of the House by a discussion upon a motion
which was negaiitcd by so large a majority of
tlie   House.     Lt t  us   inqtiiie,  for  a  moment,
whether that discussion  was productive of no
good to the eountiy.    Have geutlemtn forgotten
the extravagant  pioposition  made in the other
end ot the C umol by the leader of the party in
that body"    Have they toigotten that the whole
surplus  levenue was  then  pioposed  to  be ex-
pended, or lather squandered, upon the public
defenses, and chiefly upon fortifications'    Have
gentlemen lost sight of the character of ceitain
bills  reported   by  the  distinguished  gentleman
[Mr. Joiissov] who is at the head of the Com-
mittee of Military AtTaus in this House, foi new
lortifications,  and   the  scheme  of  extravagant
exptndituie   upon   which   they  were  founded'
Keed   1   remind the committee ot   the eminent
position in the party which that gentleman occu-
pies, ind can theie be any leason to doubt that
when those bills vvt re lepnrled, and the proposi-
tion to w Inch I have alluded was made in another
branch of Congress, ihey were in stiictconloimity
with the views and policy of the Administration'
Where, now, are the advocates of the wild and
extravagant   plan  of fortifying  every  exposed
point upon our extensive man time frontier'  Have
von seen the late repoit of the Secretary of War'
Do you know that the Piesident is said to have
approved the doctrines and policy of that report
in relation to tne public dtfenses'    ¡Sir, the long
train of fortifications with which it was proposed
to deck our sea-coast, has been lately and unex-
pectedly battered to the ground.    The Secretary
of War hasdemonstiated the absurdity and want
of utiluy in the whole scheme, by a clearness
and foi ce of reasoning vv Inch is irresistible.  And
what is further worthy of remark is, that this
report of the Secretary, which is said also  to
have the approbation of the Piesident, stiong y
recommends that before we pioceed fuithcr in
the execution of the plan of defense by fortifica-
tions adopted and actt d upon for so many yeais
past, there should be just such an examination
into its nature and defects as I advocated in rela-
tion to the policy of attempting to establish and
improve so great a number of navy-yaids.   And
why not pause and inquire vvhethci  theie may
not be sufficient reason to change our policy in
the one case as well as in the other'    We have
now the lushest professional authoi lty for sav mg
that our system is defective in both those brandies
of the military defenses of the country.   Millions
have been expended in carrying into execution a
system of fortification long since adopted, as wi 11
as upon our numerous navy-yards.    That cir-
cumstance, we  aie   told,  should   constitute  no
objection to the delay and investigation which
are recommendtd in one case, and it should be
none to a sunilai investigatio i in the othei.    I
am not so weak, sir, as lo imagine that I have
contnbu ed in any degree  to bung about that
change in our public ouncils upon this subject,
which has undoubtedly taken place in the last
month or two.    lt is enough that my object is
about to be accomplished by the combined action
of all who have cithei said or written anything
upon this question.    Public sentiment has been
acted upon, and  that has, in turn, acted upon
those in power.    A great change has been pro-
duced for the btttei, so far as regaids the wisdom
and economy of the proposed system of national
defense.    I congratulate the country upon it.    It
is by free and open discussion here,and discussion
alone, that we can hope to effect those changes
upon many of the important subjects which the
public interest and safety so much require.
I shad not pursue this subject further at present.
Before all the bills making appropriations for the
public def. nses shall pass, and after I shall have
had the views of other gentlemen who desire to
take a part in this discussion, I propose to enter
more at large than I have heretofore done, into
many subjects connected with the public welfare
at tins junctuie.
PUBLIC DEPOSITS.
SPEECH OF HON. WM. K. BOND,
OF  OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
•April 23 and 28, 1836,
On the safetv and proj er di-position nf the Public Money
The íesolution moved by Mi. Dromgoole,
being under consideration, proposing to direct
the Secietaiy of the Tieasuiy to communicate
to the House full and conect information of the
mode and minner of si lectmg the deposit banks,
&c ; together with an amendment, moved by
Mi. Wise, proposing to raise a select committee
of the House to investigate the same mattei—
Mr. BOND said:
Mr. Speaker: The subject now under consid-
eration involves an inquiry which the people of
this eountiy cannot view with indifference. Our
situation is novel and peculiar. History may be
challenged to pioduce a parallel. Whilst other
nations aie lnquuing where and how they can
obtain the means of paying their ordinary ex-
pendituies, we are disputing about the most ap-
pioved mode of disposing of our millions that
will remain after all our usual appropnations
shall have been paid. Another striking contrast
is furnished in the tact that other Governments,
generally, aie not only embanassed with debt,
but are constrained to inflict oneious taxation on
their citizens for even curient expenses; whilst
the United States has finally discharged a national
debt of vast amount, besides meeting ordinary
expenditures, and still has an immense residuum,
accumulated undei a system so happily devised
that no exaction has been felt or seen. It is,
pel haps, because we have felt so little of the toil
and anxiety usually incident to the accumulation
of money, and have been equally free fiom the
iron grasp of the tax-gatherer, that we are now,
as I fear, becoming lavish in our expendituies and
careless of our treasure.
In this Hall a capricious rule has been formed,
which devotes neaily our whole time to the con-
sideiation of bills involving expendituies and ap-
piopuat'ons of vast sums; but only an occasional
morning hour can be snatched for the inquiry
whether the money, by which these appropriations ^
are to be met, is m the custody of sate and trust-
worthy agents' Prudence would seem to dictate
that the latter should be the subject of pnmai y
importance. If we are not vigilant—nay,inquis-
itorial—over the public money, we may be left to
the mortifying icflection of having voted millions
without finding the means of paying hundieds'
We should first see where the money is, and be
satisfied that it is safe to let it remain.
Accoidmg to the rt turns to the fiist of the
present month, (Apul,) the public money in
possession of the deposit banks amounted to
(,36,741,276 50. Itis, too, constantly increasing.
This money belongs to the people ot the United
States. The amount is enormous, it is subject
to our supervision as the repiesentatives of the
people, and they íequire of us constant vigilance
ovei our tiust. We did not accumulate this
moiifv, nor did this Administration accumulate
it, it is the ptoduct of a wise and beautiful sys-
tim, devised by those who happily administered
this Government long befoie the piesent dominant
party came into powei. This Admini'trat.on
and this Congiess are but trustees, who have had
cast on them the care of alai ge fund accumulated
by the wisdom and management of other hands;
and it will be well if we are faithful in preserving
the integrity of the trust.
The resolution of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Dromgoole] merely proposes to inquire of
the Secretary of the Treasury for information
which is already in our possession. But Mr.
B. said he wished to go behind the return and
statements made by the deposit banks to the
Treasury Depaitment. He presumed the Sec-
retaiy had already communicated to Congress
all the information which the Department pos-
sessed on the subject of the deposits; and he
thought it unnecessaiy to require a repetition of
it. ft was high time that the verity of these
returns, and especially the solvency of the " pay-
¡i lists" and " other investments" of these banks,
should be tested by a stricter analysis than the
meiely formal inspection of a wutten return.
This would be required and done by any indiv ld-
ual piopnetor of a laige deposit in a bank; and
nothing less will or outrht to satisfy the people.
The true and appropriate test will be attained by
the amendment offered by the gentleman fiom
Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] and, if there is a con-
sciousness that "all is well," and as it should
be, theie ought to be no shunking fiom this in-
vestigation.
Mr. B. said, that although he felt great solici-
tude on this subject, he would not have tioubled
the House with any lemaiks, if, in connection
with his appiehension for the safety of the pub-
lic money, he had not recent cause to fear that
the currency and domestic exchange of the coun-
try, especially in the State of Ohio, which he had
the honor in part to represent, if not already,
were about to be greatly deranged. He regretted
to say that these fears were created by what he
esteemed the improper use made of the people's
money by some of the deposit banks. He began
to suspect that these depositories, being clad " in
a little brief authoiity," were about to play, not
"fantastic tricks," but a despotic game. By
permission, he then read the following circular:
Clintov r>ANK of Colombds, Jlpril 6,1836
Sir* The large amount of paper received from the land
offiet s, an d the difficulty and expense of converting it into
funds leceivable bv the Treasury Department in the east-
ern cities, (whither nearly the whole amount is necessarily
required to lie tran-mitted ) will compel this institution in
firuie to decline receiving, through that channel, the paper
ot all the hanks of the State, other than the deposit banks,
that will not consent to redeem the paper so received by
dnlts on Ni vv Yoik, Philadelphia, or Baltimore, payable
thirty days from date at par
Pennil me to inquire whether it is the wish of your
institution that youi piper shall be received upon these
terms'
Instances occur daily of eistern funds being converted,
at a piofit, into the paper of the local banks, which is paid
into the land offices, and the buideii of convi rtin? the paper
a-rain into eastern lunds is thrown upon the institutions
receiving the public deposit 
You are avvaie that we have heretofore received the
piper of all the hinks of the State, without condition or
discrimination We regret that the rapid saleof the public
domain, and the premium which it coots to convert such
piper into the medium in which our remittances are made,
will not permit us to continue to do so.
r-e plen-.cd to let us hear lrom you in reply as early at
practicable.
In the mean time we have directed the receivers who
deposit here not to receive, after the 20th instant, the paper
of any bink of the State (other than the deposit banks)
unless hereafter instructed to that effect by this institution.
Very respectfully,                                             ,
J. DELAriELD, Jr , Cashier.
t-----------------, Cashier.
Mr. B. proceeded: I ought to inform the House
that three b inks in Ohio have been selected aa
deposit banks, viz: the Fianklin Bank of Cin-
cinnati, the Commeicial Bank of Cincinnati, and
the Clinton Bank of Columbus; fiom the last of
which comes the cncular just reau.
Before I comment on this paper, I must beg
the kind indulgence of the House in calling its
attention to a poruon of the histoiy of this eoun-
tiy, connected with its finances. Whether it be
tiue oi not that " histoi y is philosophy teach-
ing by example," all will admit that many useful
and instructive examples, both for national and
individual use, may be diawn fiom that source.
It is, I piesume, within the recollection of gen-
tlemen, that foi a senes of yeais previous to,
and inclusive of, the year 1833, this country en-
joyed as uniform and sound a cuirency and circu-
lating medium, together with an equally uniform,
l lust, and moderate rate of exchange, both do-
mestic and foreign, as has ever been known any-
where. The notes of all the State banks were
in undisputed credit, and had an extensive circu-
lation. The notes of the Bank of the United
States were curient, at par, for all business pur-
poses, thioughout the whole country, and, in
fact, commanded, as they still do in many of the
States, a premium over gold and silver. A. well
regulated system of exchange enabled all who
wished to do so to transfer funds from point to
point, in every direction, without risk, fiequently
at par, are raiely above the rate of the half of one
per cent. The commerce and intercommunica-
tion among the States greatly improved. The
haidy and industrious citizens of the West, and
of Ohio in particular, though many of them were
destitute of capital, availed themselves of a credit
