598
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Bond.
Ho. op Reps.
r
justly due to their integrity and enterprise, and
ens;a'Ted in pursuits which promised to reward
their labors. The monopoly of the rich usurer
seemed destined to be destroyed, and a prospect
opened giving the poor the means as well as the
right to compete with the rich in every pursuit.
Many of our citizens engaged in the purchase
and sale of cattle, and in that pursuit were en-
abled to visit and make purchases in Indiana, Illi-
nois, and the "far west," without the incum-
brance and risk of carrying specie, and, above
all, without being obliged to submit to the ex-
tortion of the usurer and the broker. I presume
similar advantages were enjoyed throughout the
United States. The whole system of currency
and exchange was so uniform, regular, and well
established, that it was thought to be almost im-
possible to disturb it. In a space of ten years,
from 1820 to 1830, only twelve new banks were
incorporated, and the improvement and value of
property gradually increased. The country was
inclined to profit by the disastrous experience of
the interval between the expiration of the charter
of the first Bank of the United States, in 1811,
and the creation of the second bank by Congress
in 1816. Great losses, public and private, having
been sustained under the exclusive State bank
system, the public money, not long after the
second bank went into operation, was there de-
osited; and, excepting a short interval, which
will presently notice, continued to be so depos-
ited, until the abrupt removal in 1833, when the
whole system was changed ! Mr. B. said he was
necessarily compelled to refer to the Bank of the
United States and the removal of the deposits;
but he did so with no wish to revive what he
conceived would now be a useless discussion,
here or elsewhere, about the charter of the late
or any other Bank of the United States. That ,
subject, for good or for evil, had already been
disposed of, and he was unwilling to revive it.
But he said he was constrained to refer to certain
facts and events connected with the name of that
bank, and necessarily associated with the subject
now under consideration, and the positions he
wished to establish.
The system by which the public finances were
so successfully managed, and the general cur-
rency and exchange so justly and happily regu-
lated, for a series of years, as has been already-
remarked, was suddenly changed in the year
1833. This change was made with full admoni-
tion of the evil consequences resulting from such
a course, in the sad experience of a similar but
far less violent measure—1 mean the refusal to
renew the charter of the first Bank of the United
States in 1811. Then, as in 1833, much was
said about substituting an equally good or better
system; and every assurance was given that no
extraordinary increase of banks or expansion of
paper circulation would follow. What did the
sequel prove ? In the first three years thereafter,
the number of State banks increased from eighty-
eight to two hundred and eighteen, and in capital
from about forty millions to eighty millions of
dollars ! The expansion of bank issues during
the same period was in equal or greater ratio. In
one year, 1815, (specie payments having been
generally suspended during the previous year,) a
further addition of thirty-eight State banks was
made, with about eight millions of capital! A
disordered and unsound currency, and a grossly
irregular exchange, followed. In 1816 the notes
of all the Baltimore banks were at a discount of
about eighteen per cent, in that city; and I have
obtained a table which shows the depreciation
of all the bank notes of the different States to be
equally or nearly as bad, except in Boston, and
perhaps one or two other places, at which specie
payments had not been suspended. I will say
nothing of the individual loss and distress which
followed. The enormous public losses greatly
embarrassed the Treasury, and created general
consternation. This, sir, took place under a
system which was substituted for one now gen-
erally admitted to have been extremely useful,
but which was abandoned, as it now seems,
under the visionary hope of obtaining something
better. The original and true Democratic party
of the United States were then in power in the
general and most of the State administrations—I
mean that party who declared and prosecuted the
war of 1812 against England, and whom,even at
this day, it is considered an unpardonable heresy
to have opposed ! Yet, discovering the error of
the new system, that same party, in the spirit of
candor and patriotism which will always distin-
guish them from the mock Democrats of the
present day, admitted the mistake, and repaired
the breach with every possible prompitude. Un-
der the auspices of the illustrious Madison and
the Democratic Congress of 1816, the late Bank
of the United States was chartered, and the glo-
rious and happy system was instituted, which,
as before observed, was fraught with such signal
advantages to the country.
In addition to its wholesome influence on the
currency and exchanges, it induced a general re-
sumption of specie payments; it assumed and
made good to the public Treasury upwards of
seven millions of uncurrent, if not doubtful paper;
and, at the time of its discontinuance, had col-
lected and disbursed more than two hundred and
fifty millions of public revenue, without the loss
of a single cent to the country. How forcibly
does this result contrast with tne disastrous events
of the substituted system which I have before
alluded to! The private and public losses need
not be recapitulated. One item of public loss is
still continued in the annual report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, amounting to $1,100,000 of
insolvent bank notes. But, in despite of expe-
rience, and regardless of danger, the country has
been forced into a repetition of this experiment.
Mr. B. said he would call the attention of the
House to the grounds assumed and assurances
given by Mr. Secretary Taney at the time of the
removal of the deposits. Was the Secretary cor-
rect? If such was the case, then it is certain,
from the present disordered state of the currency
and exchange, with a strong probability of its
increase, that the deposit banks are not acting in
good faith, or they are not properly regulated.
But if they are acting in good faith, and also
properly regulated, then Mr. Taney was mistaken
and has injured the country by depriving it of
substantial benefits without sufficient reason,
or furnishing any adequate substitute. After
making the change, Mr. Taney, in his report of
December, 1833, says:
"The State banks can, I have no doubt, furnish a gen-
eral circulating medium quite as uniform in value as that
which has been afforded by the Bank of the United States;
probably more so."
Again, he says:
" It became necessary that arrangements should be im-
mediately made with the new depositories of the public
money, which would not only render it safe, but would, at
the time, secure to the Government and to the community
at large the conveniences and facilities that were intended
to be obtained by incorporating the Bank of the United
States."
Again Mr. Taney reports:
"And by agreement among themselves [the deposit
banks] to honor each other's notes and drafts, they are pro-
viding a general currency at h-ast as sound as that of the
Bank of the United States, and will afford facilities to com-
merce and in the business of domestic exchange quite equal
to any which the community have heretofore enjoyed."
And in that same report Mr. Taney says:
" Every object which the chartcrof the Rank of the Uni-
ted States was designed to attain may be as effctually ac-
complished by the State banks."
Mr. B. said it would be seen, by these extracts,
that Mr. Taney assured the country that, by this
system, we should have, not the benefits which
we were actually enjoying under the charter of
the bank, but more, (if all the advantages of the
charter were not enjoyed;) for, he says, this
change will secure to the Government and the
community at large the conveniences and facili-
ties, nay, every object which that charter was de-
signed to attain. Now let us pause, and inquire
whether these assurances of the Secretary have
been, orare likely to be, realized? The system
of deposit banks has been in operation nearly
three years; and what are its practical results?
The notes of the Bank of the United States were
current throughout the country, and constituted
a circulating medium of uniform value, equal to,
and in some instances above, gold and silver. Do
the notes of the deposit banks answer this pur-
pose ? No, far from it; they have a local circu-
lation, and do not command the general confidence
of the community in any greater degree than for-
merly.    Herein, then, is a total failure and dis-
appointment; we have no substitute for the gen-
eral circulating medium furnished by the Bank
of the United States. But not only are the people
thus put to inconvenience, with a certainty of
loss, in the want of uniformity in value of the de-
posit bank notes, but the Government itself is
already under the necessity of incurring risks and
expense in transporting specie to points where
the notes of the Bank of the United States were
formerly current. Such being the experience of
the ne* system, is it not strange that the present
Secretary of the Treasury (Mr. Woodbury)
should tell us, as he does in his last annual report,
" that the general currency of the country has,
in the mean time, greatly improved, instead of
deteriorated ?"
The uniform excellence of the currency at the
time of the change is well known. Is the Sec-
rotary sincere when he says it is improved ? The
truth is, it was scarcely susceptible of improve-
ment; but when he says it is improved instead
of deteriorated, I call for facts, and am not con-
tent with his naked declaration. What does he
mean by the term "general currency?" If he
mean gold and silver, these certainly are no bet-
ter than they were in 1833; and, indeed, the gold
is not quite so fine as it was at that time; for in
the grand conception of the " yellow-boy hum-
bug," it was determined to use less gold and
more alloy, but still call it all gold. But I pre-
sume the Secretary means that the whole cur-
rency of the country, both metallic and paper, is
improved. This, too, I deny; it isnot warranted
by the facts. It must be admitted (for the trans-
actions of the day show it) that at this time none
of the State bank notes command the confidence
of the community, and answer all the purposes
of gold and silver, as did the notes of the Bank
of the United States. If we compare the propor-
tions of gold and silver with the amount of bank
note circulation at this time, there is less cause
for confidence in the latter now than formerly.
And as there has been a greater increase of banks
and banking capital in the United States during
the last five years than was ever before known in
a similar period, accompanied, too, with a cor-
respondent expansion of bank-note issue and
circulation, we must be still more astonished that
Mr. Woodbury should have reported " that the
general currency of the country is improved, in-
stead of deteriorated."
I cannot omit here to invite the particular atten-
tion of gentlemen to the extraordinary increase
of banks since December, 1829, when the first
assault was made on the Bank of the United
States. It should be remembered that this attack
was made, and has been continued, under the
allegation that the banking system is wrong, and
was now to be restrained, if not abolished. I
have before stated that, after the restoration of a
sound and uniform currency, and public confi-
dence was established in the bank of the United
States, as well as in the several State banks which
survived the shock of the dreadful crisis before
alluded to, there were but twelve banks chartered
in the next ten years, terminating in the month of
December, 1829. But mark the extraordinary
change. From January, 1830, to January, 1835,
there were chartered two hundred and thirty-eight
banks, with an aggregate capital of $86,000,000
making, with the others then in operation, five
hundred and fifty-eight banks, with a capital of
more than two hundred and thirty-one million
dollars! And since that time still further and
enormous additions have been made by the crea-
tion of other banks, with very large capitals, in
most of the western and southwestern States.
All this has been principally done by that same
party who professed to be opposed to banks,'and
promised to substitute the " yellow jacket" cur-
rency. The frienls and supporters of Mr. Van
Buren, a prominent candidate for the Presidency,
had a decided majority in the General Assembly
of Ohio during the winter of 1833-34, immedi-
ately^ifter the removal of the deposits; and at
that time they professed to be in favor of a metal-
lic.currency, but chartered a number of banks,
having an aggregate capital of more than five mil-
lion dollars f And in Mr. Van Buren's own State,
(New York,) promising, as he and his friends
did, an abandonment of the paper system, they
have, in the last four or five years, increased the
