1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Bond.
Ho. of Reps.
Philadelphia, and Biltimore, on the same terms I]
that tht'v pay them at home
But there is Mill anotht i objection to this order
—it act* bv surprise on the people, and must sub-
ject them to great loss and inconvenience As
far back as in 1816, a ]omt resolution was passed
by Congress in the following words:
Rrtilie I bu the tenatennd Hiuieof Rejrresentatucs of
tk' Cntted St ifi-s or ,1mm a in Congress assemb'al. That
the MX. rt tarv oi til* l'm-urv lie andlie hertby is, required
auddireet J to ulopt.iu h nn x lire  is Ik mi\ lUunintis
sin t> ui-t.  s Mon i- in n lu ill duties, nxes debts,
or sums 'i iinin, itirunu or b l iiihiu puihh to the
I rutrtl ^tsu'-.to becollei t> land paid m tl e It gil currency
ol the I nited fíales, or Ireasurv unes, or notes ot the
Bank oi tilt Luitul Man  , as In 11  provided uul de
clartd or in lioti-ot bink  «luc'i irt pn\ lble uidpudon
deminil in the * iul legil eumnevot the I nitid Mitos,
and that trom ami arter the -ÍUtli dav of February nevt, no
such duties, taxes, debt*, or sum  oi money, accruing or
tw< omnia uajabletothe Inittd Mitts as atore-ml ought
ti bet dleettd nrmmcil otherw is  than in thi le«il cur
renev ot the I'nited States or Treasury notes "ir notes of
tbe Bunk ot the L mud elites, or m notes ol banks which
are pliable anil paid, on deuiand, in the said Itgil currency
ot the L nited Mates ' —t, \pprovtri 30th Vpril, f-16 )
At this period, the Government had been for
some time in the habit of receiving the notes of
many banks which had suspended specie pay-
ments, but by this resolution it was determined
to do so no longer. There is an implied assur-
ance, however, contained in this resolution, that
the notes of all the banks w hich were payable and
paid in specie should be received. It is now more
than  twenty   years   since   that   resolution   was
Eassed, it is still in force and unrepealed    It has
een the constint practice of the Government to
accept payment accordingly.   And now , without
any notice, and when it is evident that multitudes
hold the notes of the Ohio banks, an abrupt change
of this usage and policy takes place, and the im-
plied faith of the resolution is violated, withput
any occurrence to juatity it    I had hoped that the
days of those petty dealers in discount on the
currency of the country, who fatten on the neces-
sities of men, and improve most when the cur-
rency is most deranged, had passed off never to
return.    Having witnessed as well the gloomy
hour in our deranged finances, when these har-
pies overspread the land, as the violent throes
which followed before they weie shaken off, I
had hoped a repetition of these scenes would be
long diferred.    But the   present  policy of the
Treasury Department must soon bring back that
dreadful state of things     Already is the harvest
opening in Ohio.   The holder of our bank notes,
if designing to buy public land, must relinquish
this purpose if not convenient to the band whose
paper he has, or choose between the alternative
of ajourney to the bank, or the loss of discount
at a bank note shaver's
There is yet another fact contained in this cir-
cular which confirms the suggestio n already Vnade,
that Ohio is to be drained of her specie. We are
told by this circular that nearly the whole amount
of the public money in Ohio is required to be
transmuted to New York, Philadelphia, and Bal-
timore1 Can this be so' If it be, whence tins
necessity • The Government surely cannot wish
to concentrate in those cities the whole amount
of the mighty revenue of the nation I believe
that, for every legitimate purpose, the public
money already in those cities (without regaid to
its current accumulation) greatly exceeds the pub-
he wants at those points. There are, at present,
in New York about eleven million dollars, in
Philadelphia about three millions, and in Balti-
more upwards of a million, exclusive of large de-
posits in Boston, and in many other places east
of the mountains. Why, then, is it necessary to
withdraw the public money from Ohio > If there
be any advantage in possessing it, the. amount
collected there is less in proportion to her popu-
lation than she would be entitled to in any divis-
ion of the surplus, and ought not, therefore, to
be íemoved except for public necessity. But it
seems the laige cities must be pampered; they
are insatiable in then demands New York still
rri(s""ivel give'"and Ohio is bound already
f>r the surrender' But I can tell gentlemen, the
shrewd ,pi oud, and independent yeomanry, farm-
eis.and miclwinics of Ohio aie beginning to sus-
pect that these enoimous sums are íequired to
lie usid foi "other investments," commonly
called "fancy stock," and m the magic work and
luxurious case of a certain moneyed regency
which now controls the politics of the country.
This suspicion will be followed by alarm, and a
determined resistince at the threshold.
I have treated this measure as one emanating
ftom the Secretary of theTieasury. His atten-
tion has been called to it, and it is not revoked.
It must, therefoie, be considered as disclosing
the settled policy of this nation. 1 am also justi-
fied in so treating it, because the Globe, which is
the organ of the Administration, in expressly
sanctioning it, holds the following language on
the 21st of the present month:
" It appears to us tint the bink was iccommoditing,
rithtr than otht rvvi=e Instead ol specie, it t ikes dratts at
thirty dajs' date in pijnitnt tor the notes which it his to
plice \  Lish at tin endit oi the Government It might
«ell hive evicted drifts it sight We believe that the
deposit binks, in place of bavins; acted llliberillv as to the
receipt ol notes ot the banks on account ot the public rev
eiiue, h eve been too accommodating They have received
them too generallv tor the public good We believe, also,
thit the di posit b inks generally ought to limit the receipt
ot ill bink notes still more than the Clinton Bank pro-
poses to do, and we shall not hesitate to lend our aid in
sustaining them in carrying out such a measure, if they will
idopt ltgi ncrallj "
Comment on this is unnecessary. It proves
the design to extend this system of oppression, '■
as I have already intimated would be done. But
as a matter of finance, and also as an interpreta-
tion of the law of contracts, the passages quoted
from the Globe discover gross ignorance. All I
must be aware that neither a bank nor an mdi-
v idual is bound to i edeem notes at any other place
than where they are payable by then terms, and
that the Clinton Bank has no right to demand
payment in drafts at all, much ltss in drafts at
sight, as the Globe alleges. It is equally certain
that, at the present ratos of exchange, no bank
in Ohio can, without loss, redeem its notes by
drafts on the east at par, even at thirty days'
date. And if any of the Ohio banks accept the
terms of this circulai, the concession will be
made to the power and not to the justice of the
demand. This, too, will prove the power of the
detached and independent bank system to monop-
olize and control the circulation and exchange of
the country. I hope that none of the Ohio banks
will submit to this degiadation, but I fear the
event is at hand.
The Government speaks through the Globe,
and the mighty moneyed power which it now
wields, addressed, as it is, to the fears as well as
the cupidity of banks, has all the secret influence
of the "magician's" wand,and, in open warfare,
is more " terrible than an army with banneis "
I cannot leave this part of the subject without
contrasting the policy of the present Secretary of
the Treasury with that of the late Mr. Crawford,
when he had charge of that Department in 1819.
At that time a large amount of debt was due in
the West for public lands; the two United States
Bianch Banks then in Ohio refused to credit the
Government with any of the Ohio bank notes, as
cash, and thus greatly reduced the facilities of
the people in paying for their lands. Mr. Craw-
ford, with a view to their accommodation, and
to increase their facilities, discontinued the public
deposits in the branch banks, and ordered them
to be made in certain State banks, which were
willing to credit,as cash, the paper of such of the
banks (in cnculation in the vicinity of the selected
banks) as paid their notes in specie on demand,
and were otherwise in good credit Among the
banks thus selected, I will particularly name the
Bank of Chilhcothe and the Franklin Bank of
Columbus, whose general history I am somewhat
familiar with Though they discharged their
trust in the stuctest faith, and with great advant-
age to the Government, and have ever since, to
tins day, sustained the highest credit, they are
now to be disci edited by that same Government,
without the shadow of pretext for doing so. And
what renders this proceeding still more harsh
towards the Bank of Chilhcothe, is, that that
institution was found a most useful agent to the
General Government throughout the whole of
the last war, particularly during the gloomiest
period of our financial embarrassments. At that
crisis, sn, the Bank of Chilhcothe made large
advances of money to the country, the interest
1 on part of which has never been discharged to
| this day
Mr. Crawford, for public convenience, con-
tinued this system until the Bank of the United
States agreed to receive on deposit the notes of
the same banks as the State banks did. And
when the connection terminated, early in 1821,
Mr Crawford concludes his letter to the cashier
of the Bank of Chilhcothe in the following terms:
" T aviil myself of tins occasion to express the satisfac-
tion that has been produced by the good futh and accom-
modating disposition manifested by the Bank of Chillicothe
during the continuance of the arrangement "
The present determination of the Treasury De-
partment to curtail lather than increase the facil-
ities of the people of the West to pay for the
public lands, stands in no enviable light when
compared with the transactions of tnat same De-
partment at the period I have alluded to. Can it
be possible that the rapid growth of the West
begins to excite the jealousy or envy of the Sec-
retary ' Is our march to be arrested and checked f
At this moment, when there is a large amount of
public land selling, every facility for payment is
again needed. It is not asked to enlarge, but
merely to continue the facilities as we have here-
tofore had them. Yet this is denied, and the
order to curtail them is announced. This is
done, too, without that notice which all humane
Governments uniformly afford. And the Globe
says, instead of being unjust.it is an indulgence,
as the facilities of payment ought to be still more
encumsenbed'
I have thus far discussed topics connected with
the manner in which the public money has been
used, and will now consider its safety under the
piesent system.
The amount of public money in the deposit
banks on the 1st of Apnl, as already stated, was
nearly #37,000,000, at this time it is no doubt
above that sum. To this we must soon add the
$5,000,000 coming from France and Naples, and
the proceeds of §1,000,000 of bank stock; making
in all, including the continued accumulation oí
revenue, at least $50,000,000 ' At this juncture
is it not proper for us, as the Representatives of
the people, to whom the money belongs, to in-
quire if it be safe> Were it our own money,
this investigation would not be delayed a mo-
ment. It is our imperative duty to be equally
vigilant as the Representatives of the people.
They expect it of us; and if we omit it, be as-
sured, sir, the trust will be rightfully and imme-
diately taken from us, and we shall be told that
we may be no longer stewards! We must test
the safety of these deposit banks, and the verity
of their returns, by every means within our
power. The amount at stake is enormous—the
risk is great. A timely call from a committee of
this House may save millions, but a careless in-
difference will endanger the whole. I am aston-
ished that any resistance is made to this measure
by these banks, or their fuends. It creates and
justifies a suspicion that there is " something
rotten in the State of Denmark'"
When the deposits were changed, Mr. Taney,
in remarking on such an examination, and the
reluctance to submit to it, said:
" In the ordinary concerns of life, among individuals, no
prudent man would continue to place his funds in the hands
of an agent, after he discovered that he was studiously con
ceahn   from him the manner in which they were em-
ployed "
Mr Woodbury, in his first report, recommends,
" as an improvement in the present fiscal system
of employing State banks, to require the fullest
returns to be made by them in relation to the actual
capital paid in, their discounts,circulation, specie,
and other circumstances, throwing light on their
probable safety and intelligent mode of conduct-
ing business;" and adds "this, coupled with
the power, through committees or commissioners,
to verify the correctness of such returns by actual
examination, in cases of suspicion, will prove a
conservative and highly useful measure to both
the public and the banks, as well as the Govern-
ment."
Examinations of this kind led to great improve-
ments in the returns from the Bank of England;
and it is the surest, if not the only way in which
banks can acquire public confidence. Mr Wood-
bury himself says:
" All mystery on the subject of banking should cease It
is unworthy of the age in which we live, and the form of
government which we support, and the real condition of
