193G.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
603
24th Cong...1st Sess.
The Disputed Act of Congress—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
sinuate that the individual in question would lend ¡
himself to such a purpose, I insist that the pub-
lic buildings should not be occupied by any other
than those who are immediately under the control
o( the Department. This relation Mr. Whitney
professes not to maintain.
But leaving that digression: the power and in-
fluence which this agent wields over the deposit
banks is such that, like some of the patent med-
icines of the day, " none are genuine unless in-
dorsed R. M. \V." In order to secure this pan-
acea, a tribute of one per cent, per annum on the
amount of the deposit received by each is paid.
This percent, on $37,000,000, the present amount
of the deposits, is §370,000. Independent, then,
of the great influences thus indirectly arising from
the entire control of this money, here is a large
sum, which may pay the agent handsomely, and,
hy suitable appropriations, accomplish much in
the great political contest now about to ensue, on
the result of which depends the right of the agent
to continue " at the receipt of custom." It is
but a few moments since I heard that one of the
deposit banks in Cincinnati incurred the dis-
pleasure of the agent by refusing to pay the
♦'tribute money," and that there has been a cor-
respondent reduction in the favors since conferred
on the rebel institution.
But, above all, is it right that we should look
on, and, without a strict inquiry, see the people's
money openly committed to the agency and
superintendence of one laboring under the grossest
impeachment of character; and who, though a
native American, resided, during our late war
with England, in Canada, where, if he did not
swear allegiance to the British King, he took an
oath not to assist the country of his birth !
But another, and, as I think, powerful reason
for urging this investigation without delay is,
that the money may be placed beyond the power
of the banks to waste or lose.    If we adjourn i
with out doing so, we may dread the consequences,
and be justly chargeable with a neglect of the '
public interests.    Sir, I am no panic maker, nor
do I believe that it will be very long before many
who now call the first session of the last Congress
the  ''panic session," will be obliged to admit
that the alarm of that day was not affected, but !
real, and for just cause.   I will remind gentlemen
of some of the evils which were then foretold as
being likely to follow the abrupt change in our
system of finance.    Among these  it was said
great individual loss and distress would follow.
The measure complained of was violent and sud-
den, accompanied with an open and avowed hos-
tility to the Bank of the United States, which
obliged it to make ready for the assault.    This
extraordinary interruption of all the usual chan-
nels of trade carried consternation with it, and at
such a time the banks throughout the country
were compelled to act on the defensive, and pre-
pare for the worst.    This unlooked-for shock to
the commerce and currency of the country found
the people unprepared for it, and many, very
many, were reduced from independence to pov-
erty; whilst others, who had the bright prospects
of ample fortune before them, had all their hopes
blighted.   But these disasters, great as they were,
had a limit given to them by the fortunate rise
in the price of the southern staple, cotton, which
always has an important influence on the mon-
etary concerns of this country.    This brought a
great accession to our capital, and ameliorated
and checked the pressure.    The storm subsided;
business resumed its wonted channels; and we
look around, and behold the sea is again calm.
But can we forget the wreck and the struggles of
the innocent sufferers, who, after being tossed
by the angry tempest, were engulfed, and went
down  in  the  mighty  ocean   before  the  storm
abated !    Another of the prophecies of that day
was, that the change of system would, as on a
former occasion, be followed by an  inordinate
increase of State banks, and a dangerous expan-
sion of bank note issues.
It was also said that this last state of things
would be attended by a deranged exchange and
disordered currency, and ultimately terminate in
a general explosion. And now let me appeal to
ge°ntlemen, end ask if all those predictions have
not already been fully realized, except the last—
the explosion?   Tha't drama yet remains to be
enacted; but I fear it is not far removed from us.
It was not said that all these things would follow
in a day, nor in a year, but that they were con-
sequences which it was feared would ensue.          '
Having once witnessed the pouring out of these
sorrows on our country, I dread their repetition
so  much, that I should  decidedly prefer being
found in error to seeing them renewed; but I fear
this explosion must follow, and  cannot now be
averted.  We have seen the State banks increase :
in number, from a little upwards of three hundred
to near six hundred, in five years, with corre-
spondent capital and issues.    Added to these,
we have seen Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Illinois, |
Tennessee, Mississippi, and Louisiana, creating ¡
charter after charter; and the news of the morn- |
ing is, that Maine has just given life to twenty-
six new banks, and that New York, not content
with her present multitude, is about incorporating
others, so as to give her the round number of one
hundred banks !   All this is principally done, too, I
by " the party" who told the people that banks
should be put down, and a gold currency fur- I
nished!    The   currency  is disordered—the ex-
change is deranged—the expansion is increasing !
with a mighty power; and next comes the expío- j
sion !
Before this happens, I wish the public treasure ,
—the people's money—to  be  rescued from its [
present peril.    If gentlemen will not diwde it:
among  the States, as  I  think   it  ought to  be,
whereby it might relieve our people from taxes,
educate their children, or construct roads and
canals for us, at least let it be  preserved from
abuses and prostitutions in elections, and final
loss.
The money is not safe were it now is.    If gold
and silver be the test, the banks are unable to
pay; and we know nothing of the security or
solvency of their other means.    The examina-
, tion,  if   not  demand  of  payment,  should   be
i promptly made.    These banks are scattered over
' the whole country, and, in case of failure, the
Government will not only be the greatest sufferer,
but the last to be paid.    Individual creditors are
on the spot, and vigilant over their interests.
On the first alarm, and before even the breath of
¡ suspicion or news of disaster has reached Wash-
| ingtori, those creditors withdraw their deposits,
! or obtain possession of all the means of the insol-
vent bank.    The public cannot compete with in-
dividual creditors, and we ought, therefore, to be
cautious and circumspeet in advance, " before the
evil day come."    We ought to remember that
more than one million dollars has been already
lost to the nation by a similar neglect.    It is vain
and idle for Mr. Woodbury to attempt to impress
on us the absurd  and  unmeaning  supposition
contained in his report of the 23d instant-, that,
considering the Government as the sole creditor
of those banks, the  means of payment are in
the proportion of four dollars, for one!     The
Government is not the  sole creditor; we have
i, thrown our  money  into  common  stock, with
, others, and the rights of all are equal, but the
\   chances of protection and safety are greatly in
¡  favor of individuals.    We can avoid the neces-
!   sity of contending for '* a plank in a shipwreck,"
1  if this investigation be now made.    A just re-
' gard for the public interest demands it, and we
I   ought not to shrink from it.
THE DISPUTED ACT OF CONGRESS.
REMARKS OP HON. J. R. UNDERWOOD,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
rfpril, 1836,
On directing the Secretary of War lo place Benedict Alford
and Robert Brush on the list of pensioners.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said that the case pre-
sented for consideration by the resolutions was
one novel in its character, and concerning which
1 he was desirous to submit a few remarks. It
seems that the Speaker of this House, and the
Presiding Officer of the Senate, had regularly
affixed their signatures to an enrolled bill or act;
that the same was presented to the President of
the United States, who, on the 30th day of June,
1834, approved and signed it; and that the bill or
act thus authenticated, was filed and recorded in the
office of the Secretary of State.  This act provides
for the payment of pensions to Benedict Alford
and Robert Brush, and hns been duly published
among the acts of the first session of the Twenty-
Third Congress.    But the Secretary of War has
refused to execute it, upon the ground that the
Senate of the United States did not pass the bill.
, The Journal of the Senate states that the bill was
indefinitely postponed.
i     I think, Mr. Speaker, it was the duty of the
Secretary to execute the act.    I think he was
bound to regard it as a part of the laws of the
, land, and, is such, to respect and obey it.    He,
no doubt equally conscientious, (for  certainly
there is here no cause for imputing to him a bad
motive,) believes that he has authority to look
beyond the act as enrolled, signed, appro ved, filed,
| and recorded in the office of State, into the Jour-
j nals of the two Houses, and to decide upon what
I he may there find, that the act in question is null
and void; because those Journals, or one of them,
I satisfies his mind that the act Was never passed
■ according to the requirements of the Constitu-"
tion.
I ask, sir, where does the Secretary of War,
j a mere executive officer, find his authority for
¡ overhauling the Journals of the two Houses, the
I enrolled bill as signed by the presiding officers,
as approved by the President, and as recorded in
! the State Department, and, upon his examination,
i in effect to declare void a statute, published to the
j nation, and sanctioned by all the solemnities pre-
| scribed for manifesting to the people the laws they
' are to obey?    Such authority has not been con-
ferred by any express provision of the Constitu-
tion, or by any statute; and if it exists, it is the
creature of inference, a deduction merely from the
known and admitted principles and provisions of
the Constitution and laws.    From what part of
;   the Constitution, from what statute, will you de-
'   duce such authority for an executive officer ?
The fifth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution requires " each House to keep a Journal
of its proceedings, and from time to time to pub-
lish the same, excepting such parts as may, in
their judgment, require secrecy."   I admit the
obligation on the part of Congress to comply with
this mandate; but suppose it is not done, will it
follow as a consequence from such omission that
executive officers are thereby justified in refusing
to obey the statutes which are promulgated ? Can
they legitimately refuse obedience, because they
do not see all the steps taken by each House in
the passage of the bill set out at length in a pub-
lished Journal?    If it had been the intention of
the convention to make the obligatory force of a
statute depend upon the publication of the. Jour-
nal, and upon exhibiting on the face of the Jour-
nal as published a fulfillment of every constitu-
tional requisite or injunction,such intention, most
certainly, would have been expressed in clear and
explicit language.    The convention  would  not
have left a matter of such importance to rest en-
tirely upon inference.    The fact that there is no
express constitutional provision making the va-
lidity of an act of Congress depend upon  the
Journals of the two Houses and their contents,
is to my mind conclusive, and proves that the
Journals and statutes are not so connected as to
make an examination of the Journals necessary,
in order  to decide upon the obligatory force of
the statute.  This truth is also manifest from the
express language of the Constitution.   The Jour-
nals are to be published " from time to time."
.....---------     - pu
How often, at what intervals ? Here is discretion
granted. Congress may publish them annually,
biennially, or monthly. If the obligation of a
statute depended upon the contents of the Jour-
nals, their publication should precede, or at least
accompany, the promulgation of the slatut", so
that the citizens and officers of Government might
be furnished with means of determining whei her
the statute imposed any obligation. Congress
may suppress the publication of the Journals.
The Constitution expressly confers authority to
do so, in regard to so much as may, in the judg-
ment of Congress, "require secrecy." In the
exercise of their judgment, Congress might think
all their proceedings in reference to this or that
subject required secrecy. They might give to
the nation the result of "their deliberations in the
