604
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Disputed Act of Congress—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
form of a statute, and withhold a knowledge of j
every previous step.    In such a case it would be ¡
preposterous to resist the obligation of the statute,
because the public could not see that the steps
taken by Congress in its passage were regular
and constitutional.
I have submitted these remarks for the purpose
of maintaining the position that the nation is not
to determine what is or is not law by an exam-
ination of the Journals of the two Houses. I
will endeavor to show, in the sequel, that the
validity of a statute cannot be overturned and
nullified by arraying the contents of the Journals
against it.
All civilized nations must necessarily provide
some mode of making known the laws which are
to be enforced. They must also provide some
mode by which their officers and their citizens
can produce the law, and justify their conduct
under it, whenever and wherever their conduct
may be questioned before the judicial tribunals
of the country. This may be done in various
■ways. In Governments like ours, based upon
'written constitutions,paramount to ordinary legis-
lation, the mode may be prescribed in the consti-
tution itself; and if so, then it is placed beyond
the control of the Legislature. The Constitution
of the United States does not purport to regulate
and fix the precise mode by which the laws are
to be made known and authenticated, and yet it
is not altogether silent on the subject. So far as
it does speak it is to be regarded; but where it
jnakes no provision, the subject is left under the
control of ordinary legislation. It may be safely
affirmed that the Constitution nowhere provides
that an extract from the Journal, or the produc-
tion of the original, shall be evidence of what the
law is. It is very clear that, unless the. Journals
contain the provisions of a statute, their produc-
tion would give no light on the question of what
is or is not law. The Journals purport, and
do give a history of the action of Congress upon
certain bills, by their titles, and are legitimate,
but not conclusive evidence, to show these bills
were passed, or rejected, or postponed by Con-
gress. But such a history affords no information
as to the contents of the bill passed or rejected;
and when you desire to know what the law is,
for example, if you wish to know how much tax
lias been imposed,and upon what articles levied,
you must look elsewhere than in the Journal to
find 11. The Constitution might have required that
every statute should be registered at large upon
the Journals, and that copies therefrom, certified
by the Clerk of either House, should be evidence
of what the law is. But it has made no such
provision, and, in the absence of all constitutional
regulation, it was competent for Congress to take
up the subject and to fix the mode of making
known and authenticating the laws of the coun-
try. Congress has done this, and it becomes
important to consider, for a moment, how it has
been done. It was done by one of the earliest
nets of Congress, under the Constitution. The
act was approved on the 15th of September, 1789,
and may be regarded as the cotemporaneous ex-
position of the Constitution, so fur as to show
that that instrument did not prohibit Congress
from acting upon the subject, and that the Con-
stitution, as then understood, did not contain
such provisions as rendered legislation unneces-
sary.
The act of 1789, in substance, provides that
the Secretary of State shall preserve the original
bills, resolutions, &c, and cause the same to be
recorded in his office. The Secretary of State is
required, "as soon as conveniently may be,"
after he receives the bills and resolutions, to
cause the same to be published in newspapers,
and to cause one printed copy to be delivered to
each Senator and Representative, '-and two
printed copies, duly authenticated, to be sent to
the Executive authority of each State." Here
is the mode prescribed for publishing your laws,
and here, sir, is the place where you are to find
what the law is. The act provides for making
up a record of the laws in the Secretary's office,
and then it provides for a seal, and then declares
that " all copies of records and papers in the
said office, authenticated under the said sea!, shall
be evidence equally as the original record or
paper."   Now, the true questioii is, when the
record is made up in the State Department, in
pursuance of the act of 1789, can you impeach
its absolute verity, by opposing to it the Journals
of either or both Houses of Congress; and, if
'. this can be done, what tribunal is authorized to
do it ? Is the Secretary of War authorized to sit
in judgment?
I contend that the judicial tribunals of the na-
tion (and it is their province to settle what is,
and is not, law) ought not, and would not, per-
mit an authentic transcript, under the seal of
the Secretary of State, to be impeached, by bring-
ing it in conflict with the Journals. How are
you to make up the issue? Is it one of fact, to
be tried by a jury, or is it purely a question of
law, to be settled by the court? Certainly it is
a question of law, to be tried by the court. And
how tried? I have never heard of any other way
in which to try such a question but upon the
face of the record. I know, sir, that the laws
of a foreign State may be proved as matters of
fact. But the laws of this nation are not to be
proved in that manner. Our judges are judicially
bound to notice them; and when, and how, are
they to be informed? Must they not take the
record as certified under the seal of State as con-
clusive ? Or shall they reject it, because they
may find in the Journals of Congress something
to induce a suspicion or conviction that the record
in the office of State was erroneously made up?
They could not regard the Journal, because
neither the Constitution nor any act of Congress
provides how it shall be authenticated. The
clerks who keep the Journals have no seals of
office under which to verify transcripts from them,
and there is no act of Congress making such
transcripts evidence. In this state of things, the
judiciary would be bound to decide the law upon
the evidence furnished in pursuance of the act of
i 1789. Can the Secretary of War go beyond the
I judiciary? Can he, in conjunction with the
¡ Clerk of either House, or alone, bring the Jour-
nal in conflict with the record of the State De-
partment?   To ask the question is enough.
The Constitution provides that all revenue bills
shall originate in this House. Suppose a revenue
bill is duly signed by the Speaker and President
of the Senate, approved by the President of the
United States, and recorded in the State Depart-
ment, will the marshal or collector of the tax,
be justified in refusing to obey it, if he can find
an entry on the Journal of the Senate, that the
bill originated there? Or if he should see such an
entry, ought he not rather to say, the Clerk has
made it through mistake; Senators are presumed
to be acquainted with their constitutional powers,
and it cannot be believed that any Senator, or
committee of the Senate would have introduced
such a bill, or that the Senate would , have enter-
tained or considered it? In such a case the pre-
sumption is much stronger that the Clerk has,
through mistake, made the Journal speak an im-
proper language, than that the Senate has violated
the Constitution, by originating a bill they had
no power to originate.
Again, the treaty-making power is vested by
the Constitution in the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate.    Suppose a
treaty is made with a foreign  nation, and pub-
lished by proclamation for the information of the
people in the usual and legal form, may every one
1 refuse to obey, because they do not find in the
j Journal of the Senate some evidence of the advice
: and consent of that body?    Suppose it should be
| found, from the published Journal of this House,
; that we, instead of the Senate, had advised and
consented to the treaty; and from the Journal of
! the Senate, that a bill to raise a certain revenue,
made necessary by the provisions of the treaty,
j originated   there, instead  of here, would  both
I treaty and law be void, because of the ridiculous
' appearance of these things  upon the Journals?
j No, sir.    Both the treaty and law should be en-
[ forced, and you should attribute the ridiculous
i appearance of the Journals to a mistake of the
| printer, or Clerk, rather than indulge the idea
| that each   House had transcended its constitu-
¡ tional powers, and that the President had been
1 deluded by their presiding officers.
It may be said that the contents of the published
Journal ought not to be relied on without calling
on the Clerks of the two Houses to state whether
they correspond with the original manuscript.
Who has authority to call the Clerks of either
House before him to testify, or to produce the
original manuscript ? Who has authority to call
the Clerks of either House before him to testify,
or to produce the original manuscript Journal for
comparison? Who is to administer an oath to
the Clerk, so that his statements shall be made
under the usual solemnities imposed upon wit-
nesses? Could you convict him of perjury, if he
produced as the original Journal, and stated it to
be such, that which was not the Journal? Could
you punish him for failing to attend before the
Secretary of War, or any other executive officer,
with the Journal ? Can the Secretary issue a
subpatna ducts tecum, and inflict the penalties for
a contempt, in case it is disobeyed ? I ask these
questions, sir, for the purpose of exciting the
minds of members to investigation. If they
will endeavor to answer them, I am satisfied each
one will convince himself that it is impracticable
to ascertain from the Journals what is or is not
law.
I will briefly state the contents of the act of
1789, in connection with the Constitution and
rules of the two Houses of Congress, for the
purpose of exhibiting the mode adopted for the
promulgation of our laws, and the guards which
have been provided to prevent mistakes. The
Constitution requires that" every bill which shall
have passed the House of Representatives and
Senate, shall, before it becomes a law, be pre-
sented to the President of the United States."
The Constitution does not say by whom or what
officer it shall be presented. It does not precisely
declare how the President shall be informed oi
the passage of bills. It does not refer the Pres-
ident, for the information necessary to enable
him how to act, to the Journals. How shall he
be informed? The Constitution provides that
" each House may determine the rules of its
proceedings." Here is an express grant of au-
thority. It would result from the power to legis-
late, if the Constitution had been silent on the
subject. The power to determine the rules of
proceeding, includes in it the whole of those regu-
lations necessary to make known the action of
the respective Houses of Congress to each other,
and to the President. Accordingly, by a system
of joint rules, adopted by both Houses, Congress
has regulated the manner of communication from
the one to the other, and likewise to the Presi-
dent. By these rules, the Speaker of the House
and President of the Senate are to sign each bill
which is passed, and they are to do it "in their
respective Houses "—not at their lodgings, but
publicly, in the presence of those who enact the
laws. When all this is done, the Committee of
Enrollments ore directed to present the bill to the
President for his approbation. How is he to
dispose of it? The Constitution says, "if lie
approve, he shall sign it, but if not, he shall re-
turn it with his objections to that House in which
it shall have originated." The President did ap-
prove and sign the bill for the benefit of Alford
and Brush, and, having done so, he performed
all the Constitution required of him, except taking
care to have it faithfully executed. The Consti-
tution does not direct what the President shall do
with the enrolled bill after he has signed it. It
does direct him to send it back with his objections
to the House in which it originated, if he will not
approve and sign; and, by the joint rules, he is
to be informed in which House the bill originated,
by a certificate of the Clerk indorsed on the bill.
But where he approves and signs, how is the bill
to be preserved, and how is the law to be made
known ? The Constitution furnishes no answer,
but the act of 1789 gives one. That act requires
the Secretary of State to receive it from the Pres-
ident, and to proceed with it by recording and
publishing in the manner I have mentioned. This
act also provides, in substance, that if a bill shall
be passed by two thirds of both Houses of Con-
gress, notwithstanding the objections of the Presi-
dent to the contrary, the Secretary of State shall
receive such bill " from the President of the Senate
or the Speaker of the House of Representatives,
in whichsoever House it shall last have been ap-
proved," and proceed to record and publish the
same, as he would if the President had approved
and signed it.   Thus, sir, you perceive that it
