606
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 6,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Relief of District Cities—Mr. Shepard.
Ho. of Reps.
under an exhausted receiver, where political em-
pirics may display the quackery of legislation, <
without any danger of being called to an account
for their folly or their ignorance.                            !
I am conscious, sir, from several years' expe-
rience, that everything concerning the District of
Columbia meets upon this floor a coldness and
indifference which nothing but imperious neces-
sity can justify any people in submitting to; nor
do I believe they would now seek the assistance
of Congress, if they could perceive any other
escape from the ruin that is impending over them.
At the commencement of the present session,
the President of the United States, in his annual
message, pointed out the condition of this Dis-
trict, and called upon-Congress to examine into
its affairs, and, if possible, to apply a remedy.
The Committee for the District of Columbia,
to whom this portion of themessage was referred,
together with memorials from the several corpo-
rations, entered upon the investigation of the
situation of the District, fully aware that the
duties imposed were of a character not voluntarily
to be sought. A consciousness, however, of the
obligation imposed upon every member on this
floor by the Constitution of the United States to
stand towards the District of Columbia in its
unfriended condition, in loco parentis, inspired
every member of the committee with a sincere
desire to apply such a remedy as would best
relieve their distress, and, at the same time,
encounter the fewest prejudices on this floor.
Animated with these views, the joint committees
of the two Houses of Congress agreed to recom-
mend to their respective bodies, for reasons set
forth in their reports, the entire assumption of
the Holland debt of the District. It is unneces-
sary now to go into any reasons to show why
the committee, in reporting the bill alluded to,
thought that the Congress of the United States, I
in exercising the duties of a paternal legislature
towards its seat of Government, might, while it
was just, be likewise liberal. It is sufficient for
me to say that the bill now before us does not
extend to this District that relief which the com-
mittee thought it was justly entitled to.
The bill before us is nothing more than the
hard bargain of a rich capitalist with a needy
borrower; who, although he gets ample consid-
eration for the use of his money, is very careful
to take the very best security, where poverty but
not the will consents.
The memorialists of the three corporations,
Washington, Georgetown, and Alexandria, rep-
resent themselves as in the same condition,
arising from similar causes; in a word, they are
in a state of hopeless, remediless bankruptcy,
unless we pass the biH now before us.
The committee, in commencing their inquiries
into the condition of the several cities of this Dis-
trict, assumed it as a principle that they all stood
in precisely the same relation towards the Fed-
eral Government. The whole District is the
residence of the Government, and each part is
alike entitled to all the advantages, as it has to
bear the disadvantages, of that position. The
Constitution of the United States has not made it
obligatory on the Government to occupy, for its
purposes, so large a space as precisely ten miles
square. Since, however, it has been thought
proper to embrace within the limits of this Dis-
trict the corporations of Georgetown and Alexan-
dria, the committee felt themselves bound, by
every principle of justice and fair legislation, to
embrace those two corporations within the meas-
ure of their relief, particularly when they had in-
dividual and substantial claims upon the justice
and liberality of Congress.
Before proceeding into any particular statement
concerning the bill before us, I will make a re-
mark which justice to the Committee for the
District of Columbia requires. That committee
found not only the financial state of the District
in a deplorable condition, but likewise its muni-
cipal regulations and laws requiring the attention
of Congress. Attempts have been frequently
made, for several years past, to call the attention
of Congress to these subjects; but from a variety
of causes they have hitherto failed. The com-
mittee found the finances of the District the para-
mount cause of its distress, and to their relief
have directed their principal attention.
The bill before the committee is a bill from the
Senate, adopted by that body as a substitute for
the bill agreed upon by the joint committees of
the two Houses, and, as I before observed, less
liberal towards the District than, in the opinion
of those committees, it deserved. This bill pro-
poses to assume, on behalf of the United States,
the evidences of the debt due by the District
cities to individuals in Holland; and to pay out
of the Treasury, to the corporate authorities of
the city of Washington, the sum of $449,650 08;
to the authorities of Georgetown the sum of
$116,795 48; and to the authorities of Alexandria
the sum of $114,640 44.
The second section of the bill provides that the
several cities, previous to receiving the aforesaid
sums, shall deposit at the Treasury of the United
States the stock held by them in the Chesapeake
and Ohio Canal Company, which stock shall be
vested in the Secretary of the Treasury, for and on
behalf of the United States, to be held in trust, for
the purpose of receiving the dividends, giving to
the corporations the right of redemption, within
ten years, provided they repay to the United
States the amount which shall be paid under and
by virtue of this act.
The only objections which have been brought
against this bill, and which I think worthy of
any attention, were against refunding to the sev-
eral cities the $681,000 of costs, interest, and
charges, incurred by them in consequence of the
Holland loan.
The other was a constitutional objection to the
General Government holding stock, either in fee
or in trust. I do not intend to enter the bog of a
constitutional discussion on this floor. 1 sup-
posed the District of Columbia was considered a
sort of exclusive place, where every gentleman's
peculiar notions might flourish and take root,
without annoying his neighbor. Those persons
who can see no distinction between the powers
of the Government within this District, and within
the States, can be convinced by no argument in
my power to produce. Ithasbeen said, what right
has Congress to take money from the Treasury
of the nation for the benefit of the District? I
will answer such a question by asking a similar
one; what right has Congress to take money from
the District for the benefit of the nation? And
yet we have seen (exclusive of the sums collected
under the direct tax) that the Federal Treasury
has received since 1815, from the district of Alex-
andria alone, more than two millions of money
by means of duties on merchandise imported.
Is the Federal Government to be towards the
District a lion's den, with all the tracks going in,
but none coming out? I presume neither the
States of Maryland or Virginia would have had
the cruelty, or been unnatural enough, to have
ceded any portion of their population to a gov-
ernment which would have avowed the principle
that it was under no moral obligation, or pos-
sessed no power, to aid the resources, to relieve
the distress, or to provide for the welfare, of those
who were so unfortunate as to be consigned to
its care.
If a majority of this House should believe them-
selves placed in this unfortunate position towards
the people of this District, their situation is not
only deplorable but remediless; they will be under
the dominion of a Government not permitted to
sympathize with their distress, omnipotent for
evil, yet worthless for all the valuable purposes
of life.
The objection which has been made to paying
the'interests and charges already incurred by the
cities is equally untenable. The principle of this
bill is this—that Congress take the stock of the
cities, and repay what the stock has cost. Cer-
tainly, gentlemen are not disposed to drive a
Jew s bargain with these people, to speculate
upon their necessities. If we are justifiable in
taking the stock, we certainly ought to pay what
that stock has cost; otherwise we take from these
corporations all their available property, and leave
them with a heavy debt incurred by this prop-
erty. For, should the bill pass upon the princi-
ple of taking the stock and paying the foreign
debt alone, we leave the corporations embarrassed
with heavy debts incurred by this stock. The
city of Washington will owe $250,000 of money
borrowed to make up tfoe deficiency on this Hol-
land loan, exclusive of other costs and charges
And, sir, if we take their stock without paying
all the debts incurred by the city in consequence
of this stock, we leave them sheared of their pro-
tection against the bitter blasts of hopeless pov-
erty.
Were we to be governed in our legislation ex-
clusively by the consideration that the United
States should take ample and sufficient security
for all pecuniary appropriations towards the seat
of the Federal Government, I sincerely believe
that that security will be found in the pledge of
stock provided for in the second section of this
bill. I think, sir, the most timid legislator which
this body contains should have all his fears for
the public money allayed, when it is invested in
such securities as have hitherto been thought
sufficient by the shrewdest money-changers of
the country. Those persons who are willing to
bound their ideas of the duties and obligations
of a Government within the narrow limits of a
broker's shop, will here find that the Government
will have that security for the loan it is proposed
to make, which individuals,guided bypecuniary
interest alone, have thought amply sufficient.
And, sir, can we ask any more than this—is the
Government of the United States to play the part
of an avaricious yet timid miser, who, while his
soul is racked with the desire of increasing his
store, sits gloating with tremulous anxiety upon
his countless hoards? It is an opinion now en-
tertained in this section by those persons who
have the best sources of information, that when
the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal is completed to
Cumberland, in the neighborhood of the coal
mines, the stock will be worth its entire cost to
the original proprietors. If this opinion is a
sound one, this Government, in the pledge which
is offered them, have ample security for every
dollar which it is proposed to appropriate to the
benefit of these corporations. And that this opin-
ion is a sound one, we have the assurance of
Maryland, whose example is worthy of our im-
itation. This State, with an enlightened liberal-
ity which does her councils great credit, has
lately loaned the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company $2,000,000, and she has now a scheme
before her which her energy and intelligence will
doubtless adopt, of loaning the company three
millions more, with a fixed determination of
completing this great work.
I mention these facts, because I think they
sustain the position which I have assumed, that,
should this bill pass, Congress will have the best
assurance which prudence and intelligence can
give them that their money will be safe.
The District cities tell us they are poor, they
are insolvent; that they feel utterly incapable of
sustaining themselves under the accumulated
burdens which now rest upon them; they ask
from the only Government to which they can
look in the extremity of their distress, not to
distribute alms from the public granary, but to
relieve their industry from the incubus that
weighs upon it, by loaning to them for a few
years a small portion of our superfluity.
That the great embarrassment of this District
is chiefly to be attributed to the large subscrip-
tion it made to the canal, is doubtless true; it is
likewise true, they were imprudent in overesti-
mating their resources, in attempting to execute
a work which more properly belonged to the ad-
joining States orto the nation. It is unnecessary,
however, at this time, to dwell upon this part of
the subject; their error was one common to our
young country, where energy and enterprise far
outstrip the plodding caution of the capitalist.
Our country may well be proud that, with the
resources of infancy, she has undergone, and is
undergoing, the labors of mature age. Invigor-
ated by the energy of her democratic institutions,
the people of the United States are far outstrip-
ping in the career of improvement much older
nations, who have buried their talent, and are
now looking on with amazement at the rapid
flight of their young competitor. And if the
people of this anomalous District have caught n.
few sparks from the flame which is blazing around
them, we, at least, ought not to be too harsh in
our censure upon the rashness of their under-
takings.
Apart from the consideration that the stock in
