608
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 11,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Proceeds of the Public Lands—Mr. Granger.
Ho. of Reps.
unsold lots are estimated at #109,200. If We
estimate the public grounds and reservations by
the same principle, the Government will have re-
ceived from the grants and donations made to it
upwards of two1" million, six hundred thousand
dollars, a large portion of which was received
prior to 1794. It is usual with those persons
who come to Washington, and who are dazzled
by the magnificence of the public buildings, to
conclude that the Government has been very lib-
eral to its capital. Such, however, is not the fact.
To an inquiry which was put to the Commis-
sioner of the Public Buildings in December, 1834,
he made the following reply:
"The whole amount paid by the Government, from its
commencement to the piesent time, lor the city, and not
for its own accommodation, has been §430,800 30."
Half of this sum was for a court-house, jail,
and penitentiary—expenditures which necessa-
rily were to be borne by Congress, as the exclu-
sive Legislature of the District; the remainder
was nearly all expended for the grading and pav-
ing of Pennsylvania avenue—a thing which I
very well recollect (having been in Congress at
the time) was done more for the convenience of
members transacting public business, than for
the citizens. Thus we see, Mr. Chairman, if we
institute an account between the Government and
the city, we can pass this bill and not have dis-
charged all our obligations.
There is yet another burden which, in my
opinion, has been unjustly thrown upon the
corporation of Washington, and which, alone,
should induce this House to.pass this bill. The
United States have always claimed exclusive and
entire property over the streets of this city; their
right has been sustained by a decision of the
Supreme Court; and the United States can inclose
the streets whenever it pleases the Congress so
to do, without the slightest regard to the interest
or convenience of the citizens. A right most
usually carries with it a corresponding obligation;
now the right of the Government to the soil of
the streets of Washington, when coupled with
that of supreme jurisdiction, would seem to imply
an obligation on the Government to open and
improve these streets. Such, however, has not
been the course of the Government.
In the plan originally adopted by the Govern-
ment for the city of Washington, the width and
extent of the streets were upon a scale vastly
beyond the necessities of any resident population
which will ever be found here.
All this was done, doubtless, to gratify the
national pride, or for the accommodation of the
public, why, then, should not the nation pay for
these expensive tastes ?
The United States are much the largest propri-
etors of real estate within the city, and yet they
have paid comparatively nothing towards the im-
provement of the streets, while individual owners
of lots have paid more than four hundred thou-
sand dollars. I can perceive no principle which
can justify the Government in not paying along
-with other proprietors, far the improvement of
«treets, which add to the value of her property,
particularly when the Government claims the
right of property in the streets, points their direc-
tion, and describes their dimensions; matters over
which the corporation of Washington can exer-
cise no control, but are the mere passive instru-
ments of the people of the United States. If the
United States had paid in proportion to the prop-
erty they hold within the city, as other propri-
etors have done, their proportion towards the
expenses of the city since the year 1802 would at
this time amount to more than the entire debt of
the corporation. And certainly, Mr. Speaker,
there can be no proposition presented which is
less objectionable, or which should more readily
receive the assent of every just mind, than this:
that the Government should pay, along with other
proprietors, for the improvement of streets, which
are indispensable to the accommodation of the
people of the Union, and the officers who are
transacting the business of the nation.
The citizens and corporation of Washington
have, with a public spirit which does them great
credit, effected much. They have struggled on
under great disadvantages; they have built up a
city for the accommodation of the people of the
United States, under the most adverse circum-
stances, with but little aid from its wealthiest and |
largest proprietor, without foreign commerce or '.
internal trade. The largest and richest city in
your Union, the emporium of your foreign com-
merce and domestic trade, the reservoir of the
national wealth, has this session had one branch
of her industry relieved by this body from a
great calamity; the metropolis of the nation ap-
peals to you, in a case of unprecedented embar-
rassment, to take all her available property, and
relieve her from a debt which she is utterly unable
to pay.
I have urged the various claims which I think
this District has upon the justice of Congress,
because I think, from their variety and sound-
ness, every gentleman on this floor may find
ample justification in voting for this bill.
The people of this District stand towards the
Congress of the United States in a peculiar and
unusual position; they are excluded from many
of those rights which are dearest toan American
bosom; they have no voice upon this floor; to
them we owe no responsibility; they can make
no appeals but to our justice and humanity; and
1 do trust that, in an American Congress, that
appeal will never be made in vain.
When the Government was poor and needy,
individuals aided you in building up the metrop-
olis of the nation; now, when you are rich, when
you are embarrassed with your wealth, render
to those who were your friends in your hour of
need a simple act of justice.                 ,
I   have thus endeavored, as succinctly as  I
could, to present to the members of this body
the various points of view in which the bill claims ,
their consideration.    If we intend to do anything
for the relief of this community, we cannot in
justice and fairness do less than the bill before
us; less than this will be merely to protract for a
! few years the sufferings of this people.    Let us
! at once wipe off every semblance of pecuniary
I responsibility of the Government for the District
i of Columbia, and for the future beware how and
! for whom we indorse.    Whatever we intend to
'! do should be done quickly; the tax-gatherer is
abroad, and busily at work; "bisdatqui citodat."
j Should you refuse to pass this bill, you devote
i I this District to inevitable destruction; you will
drive beyond its limits every man who is not |
content to live by the daily dole from yourTreas- j
ury; pass it, and you will no longer view from
this Capitol deserted streets and decaying vil-
lages; you will open the District of Columbia to
the industry and enterprise of your countrymen,
and Washington will yet realize the expectations
! of its immortal founder, and become the heart of
' a great community, sending back to the remotest
extremity of the Union the life-blood of the nation
invigorated and purified by the healthy action of
the center.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
REMARKS OF HON. F. GRANGER,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
May 11,1836,
On the motion to commit the bill to distribute the proceeds
of the sales of the Public Lands.
Mr. GRANGER claimed the indulgence of the
House to be permitted to reply to the several
questions that had been addressed to him by his
«olleague, [Mr. Gillette]
Leave having been granted,
Mr. G. said: As I am bound to presume j Mr.
Speaker, that my honorable colleague has come
to the conclusion that it is high time to abandon
all nonrcommittal candidates, or that he would
never have presumed to catechise me in the man-
ner he has done, I will endeavor, without prep-
aration, and without a document before me to
which I can refer, to answer, as plainly and
simply as I am able, the several questions he has
propounded to me, presuming that he, and the
party with whom he acts, are as ready to declare
their sentiments as are those who may be opposed
to them. I have been some time aware that, ever
since those in power found that they had held up
to this country a hope of the distribution of the
public revenue after the national debt was extin-
guished; that from the moment they discovered
the debt was cancelled, the next plan to be
adopted was to devise ways and means by which
those funds could be retained in the hands of the
party, to the destruction of the very hopes which
they had created. It is with a view to carry out
this purpose, and I here boldly make the charge,
that many of the plans now presented for squan-
dering the public treasure have been introduced__
plans which, had they been presented here four
years ago, would have hurled our rulers from
their places. What has been the doctrine con-
tended for by this Administration ? A doctrine,
as we well know, which has commended itself to
a majority of the people of the United States,
which people, I trust, are now prepared to hold
those who have made these promises to their
performance ?
It has been said that your public debt was first
to be paid off; that a most rigid economy was to
be enforced in every department, civil and mili-
tary, until that debt was extinguished; and that
then decent and proper defenses for the country
should be erected; but that the large balance which
must remain should be divided amongst the peo-
ple from whom it came. I am not prepared to
quote accurately from the message of the Exec-
utive in 1829; but I do say that message, and the
one of the following year, held up to the people
of this country the distribution of the public rev-
enue among the several States as the only just
and equal measure by which the surplus funds
could be returned to the pockets of the people.
I do say, further, that the Executive power of
New York, which, from the year 1828, has taken
care on all occasions closely to interlink its con-
cerns with what has been conceived to be the
glorious administration of the General Govern-
ment, has, year after year, held up to the hope
of the people a belief that the public funds would
be divided; and the only question reserved was
a question of constitutional right. A resolution,
expressive of the wishes of that State, passed the
popular branch of the Legislature during the ses-
sion of 1831, by a unanimous vote, and a strong
report in its favor was presented to the Senate by
a committee, at the head of which was a prom-
inent leader of the dominant party; which party
has lately, in the same hall of legislation, refused
even to print resolutions which were offered ask-
ing for a distribution of a portion of the proceeds
of the public lands, according to the provisions
of this bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD stated that he had the
President's message of 1829, and extracts from
Governor Throop's message in 1830 and 1831 be-
fore him, and that he would read the passages
referred to by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. GRANGER resumed. I do not care about
the precise words, sir; I pledge myself on their
general tenor. No gentleman can gainsay the
position I have assumed. I take it in its broadest
sense, and hazard myself upon it.
To avoid this promised result, and to disap-
point this justly created hope, every plan which
ingenuity can devise has been thrown into this
Hall, and held out to the cupidity of certain inter-
ests in this country, to retain, if possible, the
public money in the Treasury; and the gentleman
from New York, with a view to create an aggre-
gate of expenditure equal to the present amount
of those moneys, has propounded to me a set
of questions, which I will endeavor to answer.
The gentleman commits himself upon nothing;
he asks me to commit myself on everything. I
am willing to do so,.and but that he is so anxious
to avoid all declaration of responsibility, I should
suppose he had abandoned the school of politics
to which he has been pledged; but when at last,
after thus boldly catechising mc, in a manner cer-
tainly unprecedented, but of winch I do not com-
plain, and after demanding my opinion upon sub-
jects many of which have not been and will not
be presented for the action of the House, he re-
serves the right of withholding his own opinions,
and of still fighting under the chameleon banner
of his non-committal chieftain. I suppose that
he has yet a little inkling of his first love left,
which he will not entirely abandon until he ia
satisfied that the cause is desperate.
The gentleman asks me whether I am willing to
$o into expenditures necessary for the proper defense
