610
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Defense of the Western Frontier—Mr. Reed.
Ho. of Reps.
been invaded by such a course. They might feel
so note. Should the period ever arrive when that
section of the country should maintain a different
sentiment, there is no man in this Hall who
would inoro cheerfully meet what they might
require. Hut whatever I may think of abstract
proii'isitions connected with this subject, or of
th^'piactiea! r-'suits of a particular system on the
different sections of the Union, the Constitution
of th.s country, that sacred instrument under
which ail our rights are secured, has guarantied
to the people of the South rights which I will
never violate, but which should be guarded as
firmly as any belonging to the people of the
North.
I have a word or two to say, sir, in questioning
the gentleman from New York; for I think we
should have turn ami turn about in matters of
this kind. I will ask him, as connected with the
public funds, and with the hopes that have been
held up to this nation, about where these funds
ore, and whether it is not about time to look after
them? If gentlemen believe what has so often
been repeated in this House, and carried through
the newspapers to every section of the Union;
and if the gentleman himself [Mr. Gillet] who
has introduced the bill for the "fabrication of gold
coin," (and I w.sh that gold coin was the only
fabrication that has been given to the world on
this subject,) I will ask him whether, if the as-
sertions made here that a metallic currency is the
only true basis of security be correct, we had not
better divide our funds as soon as possible, for
fear of bankruptcy' On this subject I offer no
opinions of my own, but call on gentlemen of
the Administration to practice as they have
preached.
1 was never any great admirer of the United
States Bank, as gentlemen who know me are well ¡
aware; but my attention has been called to the
report made by Mr. Toland, under direction of
the Government, by which it appears that in
1332 the amount of public deposits in all was
about seven millions, ($6,957,621 54,) to redeem
which there was in the Bank of the United States
more than eiglitmillions of specie, (§8,026,055 45,)
making more than dollar for dollar, to meet your
demands. Well, sir, we were told this was un-
safe, because a metallic currency was the basis
of all security. What sort of currency have we
got now? We have in all the deposit banks, as
the report of the Secretary shows, something
like eleven million? ($11,067,718 58) in gold and
silver to meet public deposits of nearly tkirly-four
million dollars, ($33,756,588 59.) Now, if we
go on advancing for the next four or five years,
securing the public money on a metallic basis, in
the same proportion as we have advanced for the
last two years, I should like to know how long
it will take us to reach the point of that perfect
security which has been promised by this Ad-
ministration. My colleague can soon work it
out on the principle of progression stated in the
horse-shoe question, which is to be found in any
old book of arithmetic. At this rate, how long
will it be before we shall have a metallic penny
to represent a hundred dollars of your govern-
mental deposits ? Not so long as the public funds
will be unjustly withheld from our people, if we
adopt the splendid scheme of fortifications pro-
posed by this bill.
Now, then, a few words to the faithful, for I
never speak to States like Pennsylvania, which
they say has been bought up by the monster—I
let them go. For the sake of the argument, I
take it for granted that the Legislature of every
State that is not in favor of this Administration,
and that presumes to grant the facilities by which
the operations of commerce are carried on, is
bribed, and that all their bank charters are given
merely to throw obstacles in the way of the Gen-
eral Government in its desire to get back to a
metallic currency.
But we will take a view of the orthodox States
—Maine, for instance; because, with the excep-
tion of my venerable friend on the right, [Mr.
Bailey,] and the talented gentleman [Mr. Evans]
usually ^n front of me, there is not a more ortho-
dox State represented in this Hall. Well, what
firogress has she made in getting back to a metal-
ic currency ? Whilst streams of gold are flow-
ing not only down but up the valleys of the Mis-
sissippi, and inundating every section of the
country,! ask whether, at the last session of her
Legislature, Maine has not given an increased
number of banks to an amount nearly, if not
quite, equal to all the banking capital that before
existed in that State? I go further; because, by
binding the extremes, we can embrace the other
sections of the country. I ask certain gentlemen
from Georgia—from the El Dorado of the nation
—from that very place where, from reading cer-
tain speeches, we should suppose that they dig
up gold as plentiful as we of the North dig up
gravel stones—how far they have advanced in
getting back to a metallic currency? I call on
them to state in their places whether there has
not there been, within the last year, an increase
of banking capital almost unprecedented ? And
last. I come to thegrand pivot of republicanism on
which this splendid system is to turn, and for
whose "favorite son" all its benefits are to be
secured.
Look at New York! Yes, sir, look at New
York! Although your partisan papers have
joined in this cuckoo-song of metallic currency,
and although the dominant party have by every
means in their power endeavored to deceive our
people by it, what do you find ? The Legislature
is now in session. The party have one hundred
and twelve members in the House of Assembly.
It is well known that it requires eighty-six affirm-
ative votes to pass a bill, because it can only be
done by a vote of two thirds of the whole num-
ber of the representatives. And still I call upon
the gentleman from New York to rise, and say
whether the popular branch of the Legislature
of that State has not this year chartered a number
of banks as great, if not larger than at any pre-
vious session ? Am I to be told that they will
be arrested in another branch ? In contradiction
to that, we know that the Senate has already
passed one, and increased the capital of another
bank, and there is every reason to suppose that
the batch of twelve or fifteen passed by the As-
sembly will receive the sanction of both Houses.
And still there is no republicanism in this coun-
try but that which is connected with a metallic
currency; and no safety for your public Treas-
ury but in placing it upon such a basis; whilst
the history of the country shows you no example
of such a miserable metallic security as at this
moment sustains your public deposits.
But gentlemen, in their attempts to use up the
public revenue, have not stopped even at the
extravagant propositions before us. We have
found that they are not only to resort to this ex-
tensive system of defense in time of peace, but
some members here lmve endeavored to create a
belief that these funds are to be used in war, that
grand impoverisher of nations. To gentlemen in
this House, who, from sympathy of feeling or con-
tiguity of position, have found their minds wrought
up to high excitement by recent occurrences, I
have nothing to say. No man feels for those
around him more keenly than I do; and had I
friends or relatives there, bound to me by those
ties which alone make life desirable, I should not
measure my vote by any close rule of constitu-
tional duty; for I am not one of those who can
throw aside the feelings of the man to put on the
armor of the legislator.   I, too, in the moment of
, feeling, should use expressions, and possibly give
votes, which I might afterwards regret, as com-
promitting the honor and dignity of the nation;
for I know myself too well to doubt that under
such circumstances I might thus vote.
But if there is a man on whom the brand of
opprobrium should be placed, and who should
stand marked in a community as deserving the
severest censure, it is he who could trifle with a
question of this kind merely for the purpose of
holding out to the public this false evidence, that
the day has not yet arrived when their long cher-
|   ished expectations should be fulfilled, because the
1 public money would be required to carry on that
war.
]! I will not dwell upon this subject. War, how-
ever successful in its result, is ever a national
calamity. There may be much to gratify pride
and to reward patriotism; but, sir, the plume of
victory is ever crimsoned with the blood of the
j brave, and the conqueror's chaplet is a blended
I wreath of cypres  and of laurel.   I have done.
Whatever has been said seemed called for by the
course my colleague was pleased to adopt; and I
have only to return my unfeigned thanks to the
House for the patient attention with which I have
been most kindly indulged.
DEFENSE OF THE WESTERN FRONTIER.
REMARKS OF HON. JOHN REED,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House of Representatives,
May 13, 1836,
On the bill making appropriation for the defense of the
Western Frontier.
Mr. REED said this was a subject of great
magnitude. A war was raging in Texas, but it
was a war in which we had no right to engage.
Texas was not a part of the United States, nor
should tee consider those contending there against
the Mexicans "our citizens." We may feel
unmingled regret for the pain and distress, for
the cruelties and barbarities with which the war
is prosecuted, and the awful waste and wanton
destruction of lives. Our sympathies may be
excited, but our responsibility to our country
forbids our acting under the influence of such
excitement.
Our proceedings this day (said Mr. R.) upon
this subject have been novel and extraordinary.
Not content with the printed communications
from the War Department, which have been laid
before us, we have been called upon to listen to
the reading from the Clerk's desk of a newspaper
comment upon the Texan war. It purports to
be a comment on the dispatches of Santa Anna.
When the reading of the paper was called for, it
was understood by many that the dispatches or
bulletins of Santa Anna were to be read, but it
was not so. We have been called upon to listen
to an editorial article of a violent, extravagant,
and highly exciting character. Among other
things, the editor states that Santa Anna reports
that the dead bodies of six hundred Texans were
found within the walls of the Alamo; this is pro-
nounced false, as it is said the garrison consisted
of only one hundred and eighty-two men. Again,
it is said, Santa Anna reports fee had sixty killed
and three hundred wounded; this statement is
also pronounced false, and it is exultingly stated,
as a matter of history, that Santa Anna's loss
in killed and woundea exceeded one thousand.
I forbear to notice these newspaper remarks;
they are calculated to excite feelings that unfit us
for grave and wise legislation. They are not
calculated to instruct or enlighten this House,
and it is unworthy the character of the Repre-
sentatives of the United States to give such edi-
torial comments so much weight and influence.
The bill we are considering is an appropriation
for the defense of the western frontier. The
papers read are calculated, I will not say intended,
to excite our sympathy for the Texans, our
indignation against Santa Anna and the Mexi-
cans, and, of course, to involve us in the war
with Mexico.
The gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Ripley]
who has just sat down, has given us a high char-
acter of the Texans, and has also undertaken to
show that the boundary line between the United
States and Mexico is a disputed line. I answer
to these remarks that we have nothing to do with
the character of the Texans. If they have chosen
to abandon this country and its free institutions,
and become citizens of Mexico, they have a right
so to do. Our citizens have no part or lot in the
case, and it would be most cruel and unjust to
involve them in a Texan war with Mexico. I do
not pretend accurately to understand the boundary
between this countryand Mexico; but whether
disputed or disputable, the present is no fit occa-
sion for the adjustment of such difficulties. The
excitement in regard to the Texan war, so per-
vading in the country, and in some places so
violent and irresistible, in my opinion receives no
small aid and support from speculators. Not con-
tent with buying and selling the real and personal
estate in their own country, these speculators have
pushed their adventures into Mexico; they have
purchased vast tracts of land in Texas, and we
are to be precipitated into a war with Mexico to
