1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Hammond.
Ho. op Reps.
perfect the title to their new acquisitions by con- |
que^t When such men cry " sympathy," and
•• njird for tht ir biethren, and would involve
us in a war foi their protection, they aie thinking
of then iicA l¡md^,t;itat bai-gains, and tplendid spec-
ulations Thev hope wai may ensue, they hope
in the end Texis may be ceded to this country,
and thin they will pri&mt the titles they now
hold to these lands for confiimation. In that
event we shall see these lands men, now mixed
in the mass of Texan patriots, in their true chai-
acters of land speculatois in Texas. I have no
sympathy lor these speculators; 1 hope this na-
tion may not be deceived by their pretended love
of the Fexans, and sensibility- and sympathy lor
their $ j)tring biethren in Texas. There are pol-
iticians also, who are making shrewd calculations
as to cause and ellect, and power and control;
who desire war to acquire Texas. Thus we are
threatened with war for the benefit of land spec-
ulators and political speculators.
The Clerk has also read, by the order of this
House, a letter from General Gaines, communi-
cattd by the Secretary of War. I think it an ex-
traordinary letttr, illy calculated to inspire confi-
dence in the author. I will lead an extract fiom
the letter.    General Gaines observes:
-Sliould I find a disposition oil tlie partot the Mexicans,
or üitir r^tl allien, to meant our frontiers, 1 cannot but
dee n it lobe m\ dim not onlv to h ild tlie troop-, ot ni)
cr mm u d in re idim ~> lor ictron in deten-e ot our sltndi r
frontier, hut to anticipate their li\\lc-,s imnements b>
doling ou. mi¡>|H..-,ed or imaginan national boundary, and
n*et iing tlie &a\a¡ e mirauder--, uliercvcr to be lound, in
thtir approach toward our tiontitr
The above is the language of the commander-
in-chief upon the Mexican frontier. To lum is
intrusted the pieservation of peace, under cir-
cumstances of great difficulty and the most violent
excitement. I have nothing to say of General
Gaines as an officer and a man of honor and of
good intention, but I hesitate not to say 1 have
no confluence in his judgment and discretion; 1
would not confide to him a tiust of such vital i
importance
When General Gaines finds a disposition on the
pail of tlie Mexicans, or then red allies, to men- ,
ace our iiontier, (and he is the solejudsre of the ]
deposition,) he will cross the supposed or ím-
asin iry national boundaries, and meeting the
marauders wherever to be found, Sfc. To cross the
boundaiies would be war, or just cause of wai,
and \et General Gaines informs us he is about
to do so, if he find* a disposition. Yes, sir, if he
finds a disposition to menace. Such loose expres-
sions show him unworthy the great tiust now
reposed in him; and yet, if I understand the com-
munication fiom our Executive, his views are
substantially approved and adopted. We have
reason to apprehend, under such ciicumstances,
that he has crossed what he calls the supposed
or imaginary line, or that he may crobs it, and
that war may be the result.
The power ot making war and peace, by the
Constitution, is delegated and intrusted to Con-
gress alone. 1 fear we are delegating it to Gen-
eral Gaines, and that we have placed the safety
and peace of the counti y in his keeping. He will
anticipate the war, and not stand upon defense,
if the enemy but show a disposition to menace.
He will not wait for hostile acts, or even threats.
He will cross the supposed or imaginary bound-
aries. And what is the difference between real
and imaginary boundaries' How far will he ad-
vance into the Mexican terntoi y  What security
has the country in his wisdom, forbearance, and
sound discretion' But he isauthoiiscd to occupy
the disputed territory, and, as has been well said
by my colleague, [Mr. Adams,] we have no bet-
ter right or authority to occupy disputed territory
than territory not disputed. If, indeed, tneie be
disputed teintoiy, it does not yet belong to us,
and the present is not a fit occasion to seize upon
and occupy it.                                                     * ,
But this marching with a hostile army ¡nto the
country of a nation with whom we are at peace,
is not to be considered a hostile act. Mexico is
to consider it pacific. Will they so consider if
Would any nation so consider it'
Let us test the honesty, sincerity, and sound-
ness of these principles, by changing the parties.
Suppose Santa Anna successful in the Texan war
—suppose he should pursue the fugitive army,
his opponents, into our country—would it excite
no vindictive and sanguinary feelings? no spnit
of hostility > no wai like temper ' Í hope and trust
that, whatevei may be the tesult of the war in
Texas, he will never think of making such an
attempt. But the meie presumption that he may
pass the boundary excites the most violent feel-
ings, and calls forth the most intemperate expres-
sion of those feelings in and out of this House
Yet some seem to suppose we may pass the line
into .Mexico; that we may occupy peaceably the
dominions of Santa Anna, without giving just
cause of war, or even complaint.
One would suppose that such inconsistency
could not escape the observation of wise men,
upon whom rests an awful responsibility—men
situated as we are, influenced, I trust, by no sin-
ister motives or unworthy considerations, and to
whom are intrusted the destinies of the nation—
the power of making war and peace.
The gentleman fiom South Carolina [Mr.
Thompson] has stated a conversation held with-
in a few days with a distinguished gentleman, in
relation to what he calls intrigues of Mr. Goros-
tiza, the present Mexican Minister in the United
States, while resident in Great Britain. As I
was present, and participated in the conversation
referred to, I feel bound to state that I understood
the conduct of Gorostiza, called intrigues, above
reft i red to, to have been representations to the
Butish Government that the United States were
endeavoring to obtain Texas, and he was opposed
to paiting with it, and was using every exertion
in his power to prevent the United States from
obtaining it.
I believe his conjectures and suspicions, at
least as regards a portion of this country, (how
far ourGovernment have interfered I know not,)
were founded in truth; and I regret that any re-
mark has been made expressing unkind feelings
towards the representative of a Government at
peace with us.
Again: What reason can be given for present-
ing to this House a part of a conference between ,
Mi Forsyth and Mi. Gorostiza, the Mexican
Minister? Why have we not been favored with
the reply of the Mexican Minister > When M r. I
Forsyth informed that Minister that " should the
troops, [viz , the tioops of the United States,]
in the performance of their duty, be advanced
beyond the point Mexico might suppose within
the teintoiy of the United States, the occupation
would be precautionaiy and provisional, and
would be abandoned whenever (the line being
run and the true limits marked) the distuibances
in that region should cease, they being the only
motives for it;" what answei did the Mexican
Minister make ' If he possess one half the talent
and sagacity he is reputed to possess, I venture to
piesume he replied distinctly that we could not
be permitted to take possession of and occupy
that territory during the war with Texas. But
whatever was his reply, it should not have been
withheld at this time from this House.
The bill before us is a bill making provision
for the defense of the western frontier. Our coun-
try must be protected and defended. I trust
every man in this House is ready and willing to
appiopnate all money that may be necessary for
that object. But I protest against adopting the
opinions and suggestions which have been pre-
sented to us, to induce us to make this appropri-
ation. In voting this appropriation we sanction
no opinions in favor of war with Mexico. I pro-
test against the course of our pioceedings—read-
ing irrelevant papers, only calculated to excite
the feelings, and produce an improper influence
upon our passions and understandings. I trust
that it is not the intention of this House,directly
or by implication, to approve of any war in ad-
vance. I think it would be better to postpone
the subject, as has been suggested, and I believe
assented to by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, for a day, and have these pa-
pers printed; but I perceive it is determined to
pass the bill this evening. In voting for the ap-
propriation foi the defense of the frontier, we
vote for an appropriation for that specific object
alone. I protest against delegating power to
General Gaines, or even to the Executive, to
make war, or to do such acts as necessarily tesult
in war.   Yet we are called upon to vote money
to support an army to defend the country, which
we have great reason to apprehend will assume
offensive operations. This army is stationed on
the fiontier, and in the vicinity of the Texan
war, and great efforts throughout the country are
made to excite the passions and enlist the feel-
ings to engage in that war. These feelings will,
no doubt, operate, with the greatest violence on
the borders and frontier of the country where our
aimy is stationed. I hope war may be avoided;
and 1 repeat, I am willing to vote all needful
supplies to defend the frontier, but not a dollar
that may, by implication, justify war with Mex-
ico—not a dollar to aid or support General Gaines
in passing supposed oi imaginary lines, or in
committing any hostile act which may be just
cause of war.
SLAVERY IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
SPEECH OF HON. J. H. HAMMOND,
OF   SOUTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 1, 1836,
On tlie question of receiving Petitions for the abolition of
Slavery in the District of Columbia.
The motion of Mr. Cushing, of Massachusetts,
to receive the petition of sundiy inhabitants of
Massachusetts, praying for the abolition of sla-
very and the slave trade in the District of Colum-
bia being under consideration—
Mr. HAMMOND said, that when he had first
demanded the preliminary question of reception
on the presentation of a similar petition some
weeks ago, it was his hope and expectation that
it would be decided without debate. On every
subsequent occasion, when he had felt it his duty
to make a similar demand, he had entertained the
same desire, and had himself renamed from
takung any part in the discussions which had
arisen. It was obvious, however, that gentle-
1 men presenting these petitions were determined
to discuss them; and after what had occurred on
last petition day, he concluded that no such peti-
tion would be offered to the House hereafter,
without a preliminary speech as well as motion.
As much, therefore, as he felt indisposed to block
the proceedings of the House on this .mportant
day, he thought, perhaps, he had as well say at
once what he had to say on this subject in its
present stage, and by so doing he might facilitate
the business of the House.
I listened, sir, with much pleasure to the ad-
diessof the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Cushing,] who presented this petition, and I
believe I can say that I concur in every principle
which he laid down. I am sure he cannot have
a moie sacred regaid for the inestimable right of
petition than I entertain. But, íeally, I cannot
see what the discussion of that right can have to
|   do with the question before the House.
No one here desires to " pass a law "depriving
" the people of the right of peaceably assembling,
and petitioning for a redress of grievances."
They have so assembled; they have petmoned
for the redress of their imaginary grievances; the
petition has been presented to the House; its con-
tents have been stated. If it had been requested,
the petition itself might have been read by the
Cleik. We are in full possession of its charac-
u r and object—the petitioneis and their repre-
sentatives have peiformed their part without" let
or hindiance,"and it is now our duty to perform
that which devolves on us. We may refuse to
receive the petition and record it on our Jour-
nals; or we may receive and instantly reject, or
commit, and, on a report, reject the prayer of the
petitioners; or we may grant the prayer. Any
of these courses )t is fully competent for this
House to adopt; and none of them, in my opin-
ion, impugn, in the slightest degree, the right of
petition, which has been so justly denominated
"sacred."
I think that this House should not receive the
petition, and that is the course which I suggest.
The gentleman says it is not disrespectful in its
teims. I pass that by, then. But I think we
should not receive it still, because it asks us to
do w hat we have no constitutional power to do;
