1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
24th Conq....1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Hammond.
Ho. op Reps.
exhibits, possibly with some exaggeration, in a [
strong point of view, the extent of the agitation
on this subject throughout the non-slaveholding
States:
•• The «sixth volume of the Liberator commences on the
1st oí Jinuarv, IsJS. During the term ot its existence it
ha* succeeded, iu despite oi calumny and o strong opposi-
tion, tn di-p llmg the apithv ot the nation, coaling an ex
trnordmnrv at d most auspicious intere-t for the oppressed,
inducirte a nirid investigation ol «he -uhject. and securing a
host ot mortal combatants who are pledged never to retreat
trom il'«" held. The wrongs ot tlie slave , the danger ol
keying t'lcin longer in bamlaire, the dun of gi\ mg them
iin.ii'^l'ite treedo i\. are the topics of conversation or dis
cu-s>on in all debating societies, in hceuins, in stages and
 leaiul M!>    pulpit- and in periodicals, in the tatuily cir
cle, and between a ma  and his triend- The current of
public sentiment is turning, and soon it will roll a might)
nvt r, sweeping awa\ in its healthful and resistless career
all üi« pollutions ot slavery-"
This prospectus is accompanied by an anony-
mous communication, for which, of course, I
cannot vouch, which states that Dr. Channing has
softened the asperity of his remaiks on Thomp-
son, the/oí eiyi  anti-slavery missionary, in his
lite work on shivery; that it has, in consequence,
been stereotyped by the Abolitionists, and that
the demand f">r it is insatiable. My colleague,
[Mr. Picfc.E\"s,] in the course of his remarks the
other day, made an allusion to Dr. Channing,
which drew from the gentleman from Massachu-
setts who sits near me [Mr. Ho\r] a warm and
passionate eulojuim. lie said he was a man who
had stamped his genius upon the age—a being
almost too pure for such a world as this. I do not
wish to wound the feelings of that gentleman, nor
those of any friend of Dr. Channing on this floor,
but I feel compelled to speak my sentiments re-
specting htm without disguise or qualification. I
have heard it said of him,bv those well qualified
to [udge, that he is a man of superficial learning,
a literary scavenger, whose acquirements consist
of the mere offals of science, filched from those
l'ternry shambles, the reviews and magazines of
Europe and America. I might assume too much
were I to pronounce this condemnation of him
here. But this much I will say, that, while I
have found in his writings many pleasing pas-
sages, I have rarely met with anything evincing
profoundness or ougmality of thought.    I have
f lanced my eye over his last publication, which
now hold in my hand, and I have seldom seen
so puerile a production from a man of ordinary
reputation. It exhibits not only shameful ignor-
ance of the subject of which he treats, but he has
erected a tissue of stale, false, shallow, and de-
clamatory reasoning even or. acknowledged facts.
I beg leave to read to the House the following
passage:
•■ How far the obligation to conjugal fidelity, the saered-
rioss nf domestic ties will be revered amid such temptations,
such facilities to vice as are involved in slavery, needs no
exposition; so terriMe is the connection of crimes! They
who invade the domestic rights of others suffer in their own
houses. The household of the slave may be broken up
arbitran  bv the master, but he finds his revenge, if revenge
be asks,"in~the blight which the master's unfaithfulness
«heds over Ins domestic jovs. A slave country reeks with
licentiousness; it is tainted with a deadlier pestilence than
the plague."—Page 99.
I will not inflict a review of this work on the I
House, but I must be allowed to say that he has
not only enacted a second part to O'Connell, but
also to Tappan, to Garrison, Wright, Knapp,
Thompson, and the whole gang of abolition ora-
tors and writers on both sides of the Atlantic.
He has but collected and compiled their cant, and
if he has sometimes used better English he has
not added to its force, or spirit, or dignity, or
decency. The terms in which he has character-
ized the morals of the South are gross, scandalous,
and false. The licentiousness of which he speaks
exists only in the impurity of his own imagina-
tion. And in thus calumniating us, he has ex-
hibited a lownessand malignity of mind unworthy
of a scholar, unworthy a divine, and unworthy
of a gentleman. I ask pardon of the House for
using such emphatic language. I regret to use
it towards any person here or elsewhere; but
when a man, and particularly a man of reputa-
tion, no matter how acquired, lends himself to
the purposes of Arthur Tappan, and leagues with
that not more detested monster, Murrell, to steep
our land in blood and cover it with ashes, it be-
comes every one to express, in plain language,
the honest indignation of his heart.
As the last evidence which I shall offer of the
extent of excitement at the North upon the slave
question, I will read the following extracts from
a letter from the western part of the State of New
York. It is dated 12th January, 1836. The writer
of it is a gentleman who has been a close and
shrewd observer of events passing around him.
He is a man of talents and of strict integrity, and
is one who has done and suffered something for
his country.    He says:
" The midness which influences our northern people on
the subject ot slavery is well calculated to fill the stoutest
null di-mav. The spirit which followed the Utiea and
Peterboni Convention of Abolitionists has totally changed
the question troni that of the emincipation of the slave to
that ol the continuance of the Union."
********
"The North is now laboring to unite her people against
you. The effort is immense and continual. The inclosed
anti slavery pamphlets and some ' Emancipators' were dis-
tributed at a Presbyterian pra>er meeting in my neighbor-
hood the other day, by the president of the anti-slavery
society of this county, and were handed to me by the Dea-
con of the church, through the hands of one of the men in
mv employ. The object is to unite the northern people in
hatred of the people of the south, by false representations
ot the condition ot their slaves, and by charges of cruelty,
immorality, and urelision. I endeavor to convince toy
neighbors that these pamphlets are talse in every particular,
and that if they join in the cry of abolition, they must par-
take of the enormous sin of bringing on a civil war, of de
sirovmg our Union, and of causing a renewal of the horrors
of St. Domingo. And for what do tliey labor to bring on
#their country and their fellow citizens oi" the South these
dreadful calamities' It is for the liberty of the slave; and
in gaining that liberty, or in the attempt, they inevitably
lose their own. But this view has no weight; the effort
tn free j our slaves w ill be made; and Congress will be the
ultimate scene of the struggle. Our next elections will
mainlv turn on tins question, unless you settle it now and
forever; that is, before this session expires, if you adjourn
without so settling it, you will have to resort to the bayonet
to adjust it."
Mr. GRANGER, and Mr. LEE of New York,
demanded the name of the author.
Mr. HAMMOND. I cannot give it. I will
vouch for his character. But such is the state of
society around him I fear it would prove danger-
ous, if not fatal to him, to disclose his name. I
believe what I have just read. There can no lonaer
be a doubt of the deep, pervading, uncontrollable
excitement which shakes the free States on this
subject, nor of the energy and power with which
the Abolitionists are pressing their mad and fatal
schemes. Every mail from the North brings
fresh news of agitation; every breeze is tainted
with it. It spreads like wild fire in the prairies,
and throws its red glare up to heaven, that all
may see while it sweeps with resistless fury every-
thing before it. I call on every slaveholder in
this House, and in this country, to mark its fear-
ful progress and prepare to meet it. He who
falters here or elsewhere, he who shrinks from
taking the highest and boldest ground at once, is
a traitor—a traitor to lus native soil; a traitor to
the memory of those from whom he has inherited
his rights; a traitor to his helpless offspring, who
call upon him for protection—and on his head be
the blood which his treachery or cowardice may
cause to flow !
Allow me now to examine more closely the
real designs of these Abolitionists, the means by
which they will attempt to effect them, and the
probable result. Their designs are very suc-
cinctly stated in the volume which I hold in my
hand. It is a treatise on this subject, entitled
"Jay's Inquiry," written by William Jay, a
judge, I believe, of the State of New York, and
a 80n—a most degenerate son—of the distin-
guished John Jay. More than five thousand
copies of this work, I am told, have been sold.
He says:
" The society aim at effecting the following objects:
" 1st. The immediate abolition of slavery throughout the
United States.
" 2d. As a necessary consequence the suppression of the
American slave trade.
"3d. The ultimate elevation of the black population to
an equality with the white in civil and religious privileges."
—p. 141.
Sir, the abolition of slavery can be expected to
be effected in but three ways: through the medium
of the slaveholder, or the Government, or the
slaves themselves.
I think I may say that any appeal to the slave-
holders will be in vain. In the whole history of
the question of emancipation in Europe or Amer-
ica, I do not remember a dozen instances of mas-
ters freeing their slaves, at least during their own
life time, from'any qualms of conscience. If they
are seized with these qualms, they usually sell
their slaves first, and then give in their adhesion
to the cause, as has been the case with some whom
I could mention.
The Abolitionist can appeal only to the hopes
or fears or interest of the slaveholder to induce
him to emancipate hh slaves. So far as our hopes
are concerned, I believe I can say we are perfectly
satisfied. We have been born and bred in a slave
country; our habits are accommodated to them;
and,so far as we have been able to observe other
states of society abroad, we see nothing to invite
us to exchange our own; but, on the contraiy,
everything to induce us to prefer it above all
otheis.
As to our fears, I know it has been said by a
distinguished Virginian, and quoted on this floor,
" that the fire-bell in Richmond never rings at
night, but the mother presses her infant more
closely to her breast in dread of servile insurrec-
tion.       Sir, it is all a flourish.    There may be
nervous men and timid women, whose imagina-
tions are haunted with unwonted fears, among
us, as there are in all communities on earth, but
in no part of the world have men of ordinary firm-
ness less fear of danger from their operatives than
we have.    The fires which, in a few years, have
desolated Normandy and Anjou—the great ma-
chine burning in the heart of England—the bloody
! and eternal struggles of the Irish Catholics—and
i the mobs which, for some years past, have fig-
ured in the northern States, burning convents,
I tearing down houses, spreading dismay and ruin
i through their cities, and even taking life—are ap-
1 propnate illustrations of the peace and security
of a community whose laborers are all free.    On
the other hand, during the two hundred years
that slavery has existed in this country, there
( has, I believe, been but one serious insurrection,
and that one very limited in its extent.
The appeal, however, to our interest, is that
which mightappear to promise much success, for
i whatever it is the interest of a community to do,
¡ that (sooner or later) it will be sure to do.    If
you will look over the world, you will find that
I in all those countries where slavery has been
found unprofitable, it has been abolished.    In
j northern latitudes, where no great agricultural
! staple is produced, and where care, skill, and a
close economy enter largely into the elements of
production, free labor has been found more valu-
able than that of slaves. You will there find labor
usually exercised in small combinations under
the immediate eye of a watchful and frugal master.
I speak more particularly of those who cultivate
the soil; but the large masses of mechanical opera-
tives who are brought together form no exception
to the principle.   They are classified.    There is
an accurate division of their labor; each branch
of it requires peculiar art, and in the higher de-
partments a degree of skill must be attained, to
produce which stronger stimulants are necessary
than can be ordinarily applied to slaves.
In such countries the dominant classes have
found it to their advantage to permit each indi-
vidual to accumulate for himself, and to deprive
him of a portion of his earnings sufficient for
their purposes through the operations of the Gov-
ernment. Hence the partial emancipation of the
serfs of the continent of Europe. Hence theaban-
donment of villeinage in England. And hence
the emancipation of slaves in the free States of
this Union. But in southern latitudes, where
great agricultural staples are produced,and where
not only a large combination of labor under the
direction of one head is required, but it is also
necessary that the connection between the oper-
atives and that head should be absolute and in-
dissoluble, domestic slavery is indispensable. To
such a country it is as natural as the clime itself
__as the birds and beasts to which that climate
is congenial. The camel loves the desert; the
reinder seeks the everlasting snows; the wildfowl
gather to the waters; and the eagle wings his
flight above the mountains. It is equally the
order of Providence that slavery should exist
among a planting people, beneath a southern sun.
There the laborer must become a fixture of the
soil. His task is not from day to day, nor from
month to month, but from season to season, and
from year to year. He must be there to clear, to
