1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Hammond.
Ho. of Reps.
gose, was the wide increase of knowledge,
ursting from the trammels of centuries of igno-
rance and sloth, he has been pressing onward for
good and evil, with an energy tremendous and
terrino. All nature has felt the impulse. The
thin air has been converted into a resistless power.
Steam, whose very definition was a useless
Tapor, has been made the most tremendous en-
gine which has ever yet been placed in human
hands—overcoming in its infancy time, space,
and resistance, with a celerity and ease just not
supernatural. Railroads have been thrown over
swamps, livers, lakes, and mountains, which,
connecting new and distant points, open vast
channels tor intercourse and commerce. Labor-
savins machinery of every kind has been incal-
culably improved; much of it perfected. In one
word, we iiave reached a period when physical
impossibilities are no longer spoken of. What
was visionary yesterday, is planned, estimated,
and resolved U|>on to-day—to-morrow it is put
in execution, and the third day superseded by
something more wonderful and important still.
During the period of this mighty change, the
great struggle between the rulers and the ruled
1ms been  carried on with corresponding vigor;
through the thousand channels which genius has
opened, wealth has flown rn to aid it in its con-
test with  the  strong arm of power.    The two
combined, finding themselves still unable to cope
with the time-hardened  strength of hereditary
government,and eager, impatient, almost frenzied
to achieve its conquest, have called in to then-
assistance  another  ally — the people.     Not  the
" people," as we have hitherto been accustomed
in this country to define that term, but ihe mob —
the saxs culottes.   Proclaiming as their watch-
word that immortal, but now prostituted senti-
ment, "that all men are born free and equai,"
they have rallied to their standard the ignorant,
uneducated, semi-barbarous mass which swarms
and starves upon the face of Europe !  Unnatural   j
and debasing union !   Hereditary institutions are  j
gone.   Already have the nobility of France been
overthrown.    Their days are numbered in the
British  Empire.    Let  them  go on.    I  am  not  |
their  advocate.    What   next?    Confiscation  has  1
if -iin ■'    The  end  is  as  obvious  as  if it were  '
written  on  the  wall.     The  hounds of Acteon   '
turned upon their master.    Genius and wealth,
stimulated by "an ambition that o'erleaps itself,"
have called these spirits from the vasty deep, but
they will down no more.    The spoils of victory
are" theirs, and  they will gorge  and fatten  on
them.                                                                     .       Í
In this country we have no hereditary institu-
tions to attract the first fury of this tempest, which
is also brewing here;  for the electric fluid has
crossed the ocean, and the elements denote that it
is expanding over the northern arch of our horizon.
The question of emancipation which, in Europe,
is only a collateral issue—a mere ramification of
the great controversy between hereditary power
aiid'uiumate agrarianism—has become with  us
the first andViost important question; partly be-
cause the levelers here have not yet the heavy
pressure of political oppression, and partly be-
cause they have regarded our institutions of sla-
very as most assimilated to an aristocracy.    In
this they are  right.    I  accept the  term.    It is a
government cf the best.    Combining all the advanl-
a°vs, and possessing but few of the disadvant-
ages, of the aristocracy of the old world—without
fostcnii", to an unwarrantable extent, the pride,
the excfusivcness, the selfishness, the thirst for
sway, the contempt for the rights of others, which
distinguish  the nobility oí Europe—it gives us
their education, their polish, their munificence,
their high honor, their undaunted spirit.   Slavery
does indeed create an aristocracy—an aristocracy
of talents, of virtue, of generosity, and courage.
In aslavecountry «'en//'«man is an aristocrat.
Be he rich or poor, if he does not possess a single
slave, he has been born to all the natura  advant-
ages of the society in whi.-.h he is placed, and all
its honors he open before him, inviting his genius
and industry.    Sir, I do firmly believe that do-
mestic slavery, regulated as ours is, produces the
Inkiest-toned, the  purest, best organization of
°                 has ever existed on the face of the
society tndt
eartn.
Against  this
institution war has been com-
menced. A crusade is proclaimed. The banner
has been hoisted, and on it is inscribed that vis-
ionary and disastrous sentiment, " Equality to
all mankind;" although there is no analogous
equality in the moral or physical creation, in
earth, air, or water, in this world, or in the world
to come, if our religion be not altogether wrong.
The sans culottes are moving. On the banks of
the Hudson, the Ohio, and the Susquehannah—
on the hills, and in the vales, and along the "iron
bound coast " of immaculate New Englind, they
are mustering their hosts and preparing for their
ravages. Let them come! we will be ready.
Standing on our instiutions, which of themselves
give us n strength almost impregnable, and rally-
ing around them as one man, with the help of
God I believe we shall be able to roll back the
frantic tide to whence it came. But woe unto the
man of substance in the North whose infatuation
may impel them to join this fatal crusade. The
blood hounds they are setting upon us, success-
ful or unsuccessful, will in due time come back
from the chase; and come back to seize upon the
accumulations of their industry, to overturn their
altars, and desolate their household. Such, sir,
are the causes and the history, and such I believe ¡
will be the result, of this ill-omened excitement, j
which at the first impulse has shaken this Union
to its center.                                                                \
I have touched on topics to-day which have not
heretofore been broached within these walls.   In
thus departing from the usual silence of the South
upon this subject, it may be thought that I have
gone too far.    But times have changed.    They
changed  before  our eyes  with  the rapidity  of
thought.    Painful as it is, the truth should now
be told, for shortly it will speak itself, and in a
voice of thunder.    We cannot, in my judgment,
avoid this danger longer, by closing our eyes upon
it, and lulling our people into a false security.
Nor can we justify ourselves before the world for
! the course which we may be compelled to take in
order to maintain our righis without boldly de-
' daring what those rights are, defining them, and
I showing that they are inestimable.    All minor
j considerations must give way to effect those all-
1 important objects.  These have been my motives
1 for the course I have taken here.   I leave it to the
1 rapidly approaching crisis to determine whether
1 am right or wrong.
I     Sir, if 1 were asked what it is, under existing
circumstances, the South desires the North to do,
I should say, " Pass laws in your different States
forbidding, by the severest penalties, the publi-
cation or circulation of such incendiary pamph-
lets as I have exhibited here to-day."   This your
Legislatures are fully competent to do without j
infringing on freedom of speech, or freedom of ,
the press!    That freedom means well regulated,
le^al freedom, and  not unrestrained licentious-
ness.    Have you not laws to punish libel and
slander?    If a citizen of the State of New York
were to say of another citizen, that he was a
"land   pirate,"  "a   murderer,"  and  " a man
stealer," would he not be liable to an action of
slander? If he were to write these things of him,
or caricature him by infamous and  disgusting
pictortal representations, would he not be indict-
able for libel?    What violation, then, of social or
constitutional right would it be to extend the ben-
I efit of these same laws to us ?
j     We ask nothing more than the recognition of
: a well known principle  of international law, a
striking illustration ot which has happened within
j the memory of many who now hear me.    It will
• be recollected that just before the war between
I France and England, which broke out in 1803,
| the English presses teemed with abuse of the
First Consul. Bonaparte complained to the Eng-
I lish Ministers.    They indicted Peltier, tried, and
' convicted him.    The declaration of war only
prevented him from receiving his punishment.
,     If England, where there have been more battles
I fought for the liberty of speech and of the press
than in any portion of the world, felt herself
bound to indict a journalist for libeling her great-
est enemy—the enemy of the whole human race
__on the very eve of war with him, is it unrea-
sonable to require you to extend the same justice
to the grossly slandered and deeply injured peo-
i pie of the South; brethren, as you call us, of one
i! great Confederacy, devoted to the same great
principles of constitutional liberty, and who have
so often mingled our blood with yours, on the
same glorious battle-field ?
Sir, I cannot believe gentlemen are sincere when
they urge here this slang about the right of peti-
tion, and the freedom of speech, and of the press,
as though any one here had the remotest desire
to curtail them. When Tappan, and Garrison,
and Gerril Smith, and such as they are, use this
cant, 1 understand them; they wish to inflame
the popular passions by false appeals to popular
rights. But when such men as the genllimen
from Massachusetts, [Messrs. Adams and Cush-
ing,] and the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Granger,] who favored us the other day with
eulogiums on certain Abolitionists, introduce
it on this floor, I do not—yes, I do understand
them. But I will not press that point, for I wish
to connect this question with no political intrigues
or discussions.
I will say frankly that I do not believe we shall
be able to obtain the passage of such laws as I
have alluded to in any non-slaveholding State.
Sir, there is not a man of any note, or at least of
any political aspiration, who will dare to make
such a proposition. He would be prostrated, and
forever. He would be covered with a mountain
of public odium under which he could never rise
again. And I want no stronger evidence of the
true state of public sentiment in those States than
this single fact.
What does the South ask next? She asks, and
this at least she has a right to demand, that these
petitions be not received here and recorded on
your Journals. This Houst at least ought to be
a sanctuary, into which no such topic should be
allowed to enter. Representatives from every
section of the Republic ought to be permitted
to come here faithfully to perform their duties to
theirconstitucnisand their country,without being
subjected to these incendiary attacks—their feel-
ings insulted, their righis assaulted, and the falsest
calumnies of themselves and those they represent
thrown on them daily, and perpetuated to their
posterity, and all the world, among the archives
of the Union. Is this demanding anything un-
reasonable, unjust, unkind ? Sir, we cannot en-
dure it. If these things are to be permitted here,
you drive us from your councils. Let the conse-
quences rest on you.
But even if this House should refuse to receive
these petitions, I am not one of those who per-
mits himself to trust that the conflict will be at
an end. No, sir; we shall still have to meet it
elsewhere. We will meet it. It is our inevit-
able destiny to meet it in whatever shape it comes,
or to whatever extremity it may go. Our State
Legislatures will have to pass laws regulating our
police with astricter hand. They will have to pass
and to enforce laws prohibiting the circulation
of incendiary pamphlets through the mail within
their limits. We may have to adopt an entire
non-intercourse with the free States, and finally
we may have to dissolve this Union. From none
of these measures can we shrink as circumstances
may make them necessary. Our last thought
will be togiveupourinstitutions We were born
and bred under them, and will maintain them, or
die in their defense. And Í warn the Abolition-
ist—i°-norant, infatuated barbarians as they are—
that if chance should throw any of them into
our hands, he mavexpect a felon's death. No
human law, no human influence can arrest his
fate The superhuman instinct of self-preserva-
tion", the indignant feelings of an outraged peo-
ple to whose hearthstones he is seeking to carry
death and desolation, pronounce his doom; and
if we failed to accord it to him we should be un-
worthy of the forms we wear, unworthy of the
, beings whom it is our duty to protect, and we
| should merit and expect the indignation of of-
fended Heaven.           ____
|                                     NOTB3.
i (a) Address to the auxiliaries and Friends of the American
,                            Antl-Slaoerv Society.
' Dear Brethren: At tile last animal meeting of the
Amencan Ant. Slavery Soc.etr, it was « Resolved that an
', eff n be mnde to raise «30,000 for the use of the society
the present year, and that the Abolitionists present pledge
themselves to raise such sums as they may respectively
I ""Donations   and  pledgee  were  immediately  obtained
1 amounting to if 14,500.
