616
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
Additional pledges have since been obtained m Boston
to the amount ot $4,000. The sum ot" $11,500 remains to
be raised As there are known to be more than two hun-
dred auti sl-n cry societies on kindred principles with the
American, we have no doubt tli it this sum can speedily be
mide up. Each ~oeietv has only to raise $150, and the
work is done. We bt heve that those societies which
remain unpledged will joyfully come forward to do their
proportion as soon as called on.      *****
The plan proposed at the annual meeting, and now
adopted bv the executive committee, in the confident belief
tliat the means will be furnished, is this :
1. To increase the number ot agents, by appointing as
many able, eflvcient, and thoroughgoing men as can be
obtained.
ii. To commence the distribution of publications on a
new and extended scale.
The iollow nig publications will be issued monthly, viz:
1. On the first week ot each month, a small folio paper,
entitled Human Right*, to be filled with facts and argu-
ments on the subject ot slavery and its remedy, written in
a plain and familiar style. Of this twenty thousand copies
will be printed, to be increased to fifty thousand or more,
as soon as arrangements can be made to have them promptly
and judiciously distributed among the reading population.
2 On the second week, the Anti-Slavary Record, a «mall
magazine, with cuts, will be printed, to the number of
twenty-five thousand copies.
3.  On the third week, the Emancipator will be printed,
on a large imperial sheet of the size of the New York Ob
server, or the New York Evangelist. This will contain
more extended essays and descriptions, on points connected
with the cause. It is expected that from fifteen to twenty-
five thousand copies will be printed monthly tins year.
4.  On the fourth week will be issued twenty five thou-
sand copies of the Slave's Friend, a juvenile magazine,
with cuts, adapted especially lor circulation among chil-
dren and youth.
All these publications will be distributed gratuitously by
the aid of the auxiliaries, to those who are not Abolitionists,
or will be sold at the otfice to friends of the cause, ata very
low rate. * *   The present is the time for action.
**********
Let female societies be formed. Female societies prob-
ably did more for the abolition of slavery in Great Bntain
than those of the other sex. They scattered anti slavery
tracts, handbills, pamphlets, and books, everywhere They
circulated petitions ; they covered articles of furniture or
apparel, such as pin cushions, work boxes, handkerchiefs,
boxes, baskets, purses, portfolios, &c , &c , with devices
and mottoes reminding the Users ot the poor slaves. They
made the matter a topic of conversation on almost all occa-
sions. Several societies of ladies in tins country have al-
ready commenced the same course, with good success.
Let the female sex, then, throughout the land, emulate the
efforts made by their sisters over the ocean, in this work of
benevolence.
Juvenile societies, too, may be engaged in the same
work.   Children are all Abolitionists.       *       *       *
We hope Abolitionists will everywhere make it a per-
sonal business to distribute the publications ; that they will
not let them be thrown away, but put them in the hands
only of those who will read and think. Let no Abolitionist,
at home or abroad, ever be without a supply, and be ready
to embrace every favorable opportunity.
Petitions to Congress tor the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia should be put in circulation imme-
diately. The minds of the members of Congress should,
if possible, be enlightened as to the real design of the Amer-
ican Ami Slavery Society, and their prejudices should be
removed, as in many it may easily be, by personal inter-
views with Abolitionists. The way may thus be prepared
for a more favorable hearing before the Representatives of
the people.       ********
ARTHUR TAPPAN,
JOHN RANKIN,
LEWIS TAPPAN,
JOSHUA LEAV1TT,
SAMUEL E. CORNISH,
WILLIAM GOODELL,
ABRAHAM L. COX,
THEODORE S. WRIGHT,
SIMEON S. JOCELYN,
ELIZAR WRIGHT, Jr.,
Executive Committee of the American Jinti-Slavery So-
ciety.                                 __
(J) "There are now about half a million that still have the
liberty of holding slaves; their slaves now amount to up-
wards of two millions, and their landed estates are ot vast
extent; they have entire control over eleven States. The
poorer classes of the white people are well trained to sub-
jection, and occupy a grade a little above that ot the slaves.
Few nobles in Europe can command so great a retinue of
servants, and no king on earth possesses more absolute
authority. Indeed, such is their dignity, wealth, and influ-
ence, that although but half a million, they are able to con-
trol twelve and a half millions, and do in fact govern the
Union ; and the plan is now laid to keep up and increase
their dignity, wealth, and power, to future generations.
They have managed so wisely as to get the whole Union
bound by the Constitution to keep their slaves in subjec-
tion, and to allow them a representation in the General
Government in proportion to the number of their slaves.
The increase of these, already fifty-four thousand a year,
will soon give the increase of one Representative every
year. By the aid of the rest of the Union, the slaves can
be kept in subjection until they shall have become much
more numerous than the white people, provided they are
prevented frorrt learning to read, and thus kept in total
ignorance. And for this purpose, laws are passed with
heavy penalties against teaching slaves to read. Now, it
is obvious, )hat by those means slavery might be extended
to remote posterity, especially with what assistance the
Colonization Society might be able t.o give them, by carry-
ing off occasionally a little of the surplusage. Every one
can easily see that these southern gentlemen have before
them a magnificent prospect of wealth and power, provided
the rest of the Union will continue to be tneir humble ser-
vants in enabling them to keep their slaves in subjection.
Now the avowed design ot the Abolitionists is to abolish
slavery—not indeed by torce of arms, but by formins against
it public opinion, which will be even more powerful. They
have combined together to propagate the doctrine.that' all
men are made ot one blood,' and of course are ' created
equal;' vast sums of money are now pledged to propagate
the sentiment throughout the whole land. Agents are lec-
turing, papers are circulating, societies are torming, and
thou-ands continually joinin  them. It seems as if the
world will soon be on fire. What is tobe done? Argu-
ment has been tried and exhausted in vain! Mobs have
been tried, with little effect' The heresv spreads like fire
in the whirlwind. The last remedy is now demanded—
extermination entire—nothing less will do! If matters go
on as they are, the result is obvious ; every man who does
not hold slaves will set his face against slavery; and then
how will half a million of men continue to hold more than
two millions in bondage ? Mark the design ! All force is
disavowed ; but then the slaveholder must, so soon as the
tide of public opinion rolls against him, yield up his slaves ;
he cannot hold them without aid, much less can he bear
the reproach that will be heaped upon them.
" It is not to be disguised, sir, that war has broken out
between the South and the North, not easily to be termin-
ated. Political and commercial men, for their own pur
poses, are industriously striving to restore peace. But the
peace which they may accomplish will be superficial and
hollow. True and permanent peace can only be restored
by removing the cause of the war—that is, slavery. It
can never be established on any other terms. The sword
now drawn will not be sheathed till victory, entire victory,
is ours or theirs—not until that deep and damning stain is
washed out from our nation, or the chains of slavery are
riveted afresh where they now are, and on our necks also.
It is idle, criminal, to speak of peace on any other terms."
(r) Preamble.
" Whereas, unconditional slavery exists to a fearful extent
amongst usas a nation, in violation of those principles that
moved our fathers to the dreadful struggle of the Revolution
—' that all men are created eaual; that they are endowed
by their Creator with certain unalienable rights—that among
these are lite, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.'
Whereas, the aristocracy of the South are determined to
perpetuate it by means scarcely less dreadful than the tor-
tures of the Inquisition, and the [bastard] aristocracy of
the North are aiding their ' chivalrous' compeers of the
South in their inhuman endeavors by misrepresenting,
slandering, threatening, and imprisoning those who boldly
espouse the cause of universal freedom, and further, by
circulating publications and making speeches so highly in-
cendiary as to excite mobs, and impel them to their ruth-
less work of terror and destruction Whoreas, the crisis
has arrived at which the descendants of the pilgrims must
determine whether they will establish the shameful and
cowardly precedentof surrenderingtheirmostsaered rights
at the nod of an arrogant, domineering, and spK conceited
aristocracy, or, in the spirit of their fathers, manlully main-
tain them And whereas, if we remain silent and inactive,
we effectually surrender those rights, and with them the
hopes of the slave, till the prediction of Jefferson shall be
realized, and the slave, fearless and free, shall till the land
of his thraldom, enriched with the blood of his master :
Therefore,
" Resolved, Under a deep sense of duty to ourselves, to
the slave, to our country, and to God, that, ' sink or swim,
live or die, survive or perish,' we will exercise the right of
discussing the subject of slavery ; that we will use all con-
stitutional and peaceful means for us speedy termination,
and to act the more efficiently, form ourselves into a so-
ciety, and adopt the following," &c.
i                                                                                                                                                                      ______
I                        From the Cincinnati Gazette.
(if) " Abolition.—Some forty miles from Cincinnati, to
the east, are two settlements of free negioes—probably near
a thousand—men, women, and children, of the true ebony
color, with a veiy little mixture of the mahogany or lighter
shades.   T he negroes own the land occupied by them, but
i without the power to sell. Each family has a small tarm.
They are emancipated slave*, and these lands were pur
chased expressly tor them, and parceled out among them
about fifteen years ago.
1 " Their lands are not of the best quality of Ohio lands;
but by good management could be made very good; they
are parucularly well adapted to grass, either meadow or
] pasture.
| " Having been formerly slaves and compelled to work,
one would suppose they ought to have industrious habits.
They have had every inducement to industry and good con-
| duct held out to them. The experiment was to test the
merits of the negro race under the most favorable circum-
stances for success.
" Has this experiment succeeded ? No, it has not. In all
Ohio, can any white settlement be found equally wretched,
equally unproductive?
i " Farms given to them fifteen years ago, instead of being
well improved, and the timber preserved tor farming, have
| been sadly managed—small awkward clearings, and those
i not in grass, but exhausted and woin out in com crops—
the timber greatly destroyed—wretched log-houses, with
mud floors—with chimneys of mud and wood—with little
timber for further farming.
" They are so excessively lazy and stupid, that the people
of Georgetown, (near by their camps,) and the neighboring
farmers will not employ them as work hands to any extent.
They do not raise produce enough on their own lands to
feed their families, much less do they have a surplus for
sale abroad. They pass most ol their time in their little
sorry cabins; too listless even to fiddle and dance.   One
may ride through the'negro camps,' as they are called
pa-siug a dozen straggling cabins, with smoke issuing out
of the ends, m the middle of clearings, without seeing a
soul either at work or plav. The fear of starvation makes
them work the least possible quantity, while they are much
too lazv to play.
" Why do not the zealous Abolitionists go there and see
the experiment in all its beauty—the slave changed into a
free, but wretched savage ! Why not make something of
these thousand negroes? There aie not more than two or
three families out of the whole who are improved by the
change from slavery to freedom.
"The negro settlements are a dead weight upon Brown
county, as to anv productive benefit from the negro lands,
or from negro labor; and tint space of country might as
well, to this day, have remained in possession of the
Indians.
•' It southern wealth can be applied to buy and colonize
among us such a worthless population, what farmer in Ohio
is safe> Has lie any guaranty that a black colony will not
be established in his neigli hoi hood?
" Let anv one who wishes to learn the operation of
emancipated negroes, visit the Brown county camps. As
they sink in laziness, poverty, and filth, they increase in
numbers — their only produce is children. They want
nothing but cowries to make them equal to the negroes of
the Niger."
FORTIFICATION BILL.
REMARKS OF HON. JOHN DAVIS,
OF   MASSACHUSETTS,
In the Senate, May 24,1836,
On the bill making appropriations for the collection of
materials and purchase of sites, anil to commence the
construction of certain Fortifications, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. DAVIS said it was late in the day; and
though the Senate seemed to be exhausted, liter-
ally worn out with this subject, as in one form
and another it had occupied much of the session,
he hoped they would bear with him a short time
while he explained the principles which would
guide him in all the votes he should give. The
proposition now is to increase the appropriation
for a fort at Salem, from $75,000 to $150,000, and
to divide it equally for the two coming years. It
seems to be understood that, as this fortification
is in Massachusetts, I shall not have the courage
to oppose it, even in this unprecedented form.
In this gentlemen are mistaken, greatly mistaken;
for I ask no indulgence for this State beyond
what I am willing to concede to others. I hope
no sound rule of policy will be violated; no un-
necessary or wasteful expenditure of the public
money will be proposed with an expectation that
I shall vote for it, or that the people of that
State will approve of it because the money is to
be disbursed in one of its harbors. No, sir; gen-
tlemen need not flatter themselves with success
in any such schemes, for they will not triumph
by mercenary appeals to a people that have at all
times, and under all circumstances, defended
themselves and maintained their liberties without
fortifications. You may make such appeals to
the weak, the timid, such as seek protection be-
hind stone and mortar, and the bristling bayonets
of a trained soldiery, but it will be treated with
scorn by those who have the manlj%courage and
patriotism to meet fearlessly whatever crises may
come, and to trust in their own strong arms and
stout hearts, instead of the embattled hosts of this
Government.
Sir, this is called a fortification bill to enlarge
the defense of the country by the erection of new-
works. This purports to be the object upon the
face of it; but if one may be allowed to judge from
all he sees and heara in this Chamber; from the
repeated and urgent application to the Depart-
ments to ascertain the greatest sum that can be
expended; from the reiterated prophecies that
there will be no surplus found in the Treasury;
from an apparent determination to make appro-
priations two and three years in advance, there
is some object beyond fortifying the country,
some ulterior purpose which is not openly avowed
while it is secretly and ardently desired. When
extraordinary measures are urged upon us, we
have a right to look for extraordinary motives;
and whatmotive is there for lavish appropriations
at this moment'—for appropriations two and
three years in advance ? It seems to me that one
object is to squander the public money, lest there
should be a surplus to go to the people; another, to
secure the use of it to the deposit banks as loans,
without interest, for them to speculate upon,while
