1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
it is thus gradually wasting. Who does not per- |j
ceive that if a million and a half of dollars is ap-
propiiitt.il l>v this bill for 1837, it will be leit in I
the--e banks, and that they w ill have the use ot it,
till drawn out, a ytar to eighteen months, and |
two\tais hence5 Who cannot understand that,
at the lowest estimate, this would amount to a
hundred or a hundred and twenty thousand dol-
lars as a clear gratuity' These banks now hold
about forty millions, which gives them a citar
income or gift of more than two and a half mil-
lion dollars annually, under any the most unfav-
orable view of the matter, to secure the allegiance
and fidelity of the stockholders to this Govern-
ment The effect of this upon the mercenary is
fearful, and I shall give no vote to perpetuate it,
either under pretense of defending the country,
or in any other way, for we have no right thus
to bestow the use of the public money upon in-
dividuals, to the exclusion of the people                 I
I will not detain the Senate with this view of
the matter, but will consider the measure as it
purports to be—a bill to fortify certain places—
and examine its merits in that point of view
We have for a longtime heard the cry of defense,
of alarm, of fortification, as if some imminent
peril threatened us, demanding such prudential
arrangements. Yet it is a time of peace and tran-
quillity, so far as regards the maritime frontier,
and promises to continue so It is but a short
year since no entreaty could prevail upon the
House of Representatives to grant a dollar to
mount a gun for the defense of Boston, where the
forts are to'ally dilapidated. Where was this
glowing patriotism then, while a war with Fiance
was impending5 We heard nothing then of the
bleeding country and the cries of its distressed ¡
inhabitants' Nothing of the urgent necessity of
surrounding ourselves with walls' This, again,
would seem to indicate some fresh impulse, some
new motive for appropriations
While I protest against passing fortification
bills to empty the Treasury into the banks, I am
decidedly friendly to defending the country against
all assaults within and without, upon our frontiers
and upon our treasure.                                               {
That the country must be defended can admit
of no doubt; but I trust our patriotism is not to
be measured by the height and length and breadth i
of the walls we advocate for.that purpose. There
are other more sensible methods of testing our
love of country, and, above all, our love ofpublic
liberty and free government.
Sir, I am no military man, and make no pre-
tentions to military science and skill, but we are |
required as public men to judge of the propriety
and expediency of the measures submitted to us, ,
and for one I can no more yield my judgment or |
submit to leading-strings in settling the funda- l
mental principles of defense than in any other I
matter.   The defense of the country is not a new
thing, an invention of this session, as some seem
almost to imagine; but it is an affair towards i
which the country has occasionally turned its at-
tention, when its necessities were quite as urgent
as at this time, and there are some things to be
considered besides pouring out all the treasury in
the erection of walls and batteries.    What are
they    In settling this question with ordinary
sagacity, we must inquire, who is to be our prob-
able enemy '   How is he to approach us > What
is his situation'    What natural obstacles stand
in the way'    What use we may make of them'
And, above all, what kind of preparation is suited
to our country, and congenial to its free institu-
tions '   These are considerations that should be
weighed with the greatest care before we adopt
the ordinary European tactics.
We are, then, about to fortify our maritime
frontier; and who is to assail us in this quarter?
There is no Power upon which we need bestow
a thought short of Europe. An enemy frotn that
hemisphere roust approach us by sea, and the
broad Atlantic, three thousand miles wide, rolls
between us, and must be passed before we can be
assailed. This great natural barrier is in itself a
better defense than armies. Aside from the dan-
gers of a long voyage, it is no easy matter to
transport an army that distance, with its neces-
sary material of war and provisions. We have
it from good authority that it employed four hun-
dred ships to transport the French army of forty
thousand men into Egypt.    What hope of any
permanent or considerable succtss could foity or |
fifty thousand men have to invade this country
against a population of fifteen millions, with all
their resources around them5    It would be the I
extreme of folly and madness to make the attempt,
while we are a united people, no nation, not Eng-
land herself, with her thousand ships, has re- I
sources sufficient to venture upon such a hazard- l
ous undertaking  The disadvantages under which
an army moves, when three thousand miles fiom
its resources, are incalculably great, and aie sel-
dom encountered except for some object nearly '
certain of accomplishment     Whitever army in-
vades us will assuredly meet with the fate of
Burgoyne and Cornwallis; and if, in that day of
small things, with a population of three millions
and no resources, we could subdue seven thou-
sand, what, with like resolution and our piesent
resources, may we not do5
But, su, we are a commercial people, having
property to a vast amount scattered everywhere
upon the surface of the high seas; and this is not
to be abandoned unless we are willing to give up
our trade and intercourse with foreign nations.
Our course, then, is plain if we adopt a system of
defense adapted to our condition We must go
forth upon this great highway, and maintain our
right to be there We must protect our property
afloat, keep open the channels of communication
between us and nations with whom we have
amicable relations, compel our adversary to con-
centrate his forces and to move cautiously, and
fling from our frontiers the calamities of war by
making this ocean the great theater of conflict
All these considerations point to a navy as the
first great available means of defense against Eu-
ropean aggression.    Could there be greater folly
than to incase the country with fortifications, and
sit down behind them to wait for the approach of
an enemy at his leisure, who, if in undisputed
possession of the high seas, would spread his
ships out in every direction, and make an easy
prey of your commerce'   What gallant, high-
minded people could consent to abandon their
property, their countrymen, and their rights to
the seas, and sit waiting for the ravages of war
to be brought to their own frontier'   Not those
who have proudly borne the flag in triumph to
the remotest portions of the earth, amid dangers
and  perils  that seemed insurmountable.    Not
those who claim and are willing fearlessly to as-
sert their right to the great highway of nations.
Sir, we cannot be so unwise as to abandon these
great natural means of defense. We cannot suffer
our commerce to be broken up, and our property
wasted, without an effort to inflict like injury
uponouradversary. Ourexpenencedemonstrates
that small means are capable of executing much;
so much, that we have no occasion to despair,
and little more to fear any attempts at invasion
But, sir, maritime defense recommends itself to
us for greater and more urgent reasons. A navy
is more congenial to ourinstitutions than an army.
It consorts better with a republican government.
This kind of defense is kept upon its own ele-
ment, and is separated from the people. They,
therefore, experience little of that vicious influ-
ence and corrupting power which insinuates itself
into every community that mingles with an array
of soldiers. We see little of a navy. It is by
itself; and whatever of the despotic spirit of mil-
itary rule may belong to it, belongs to it alone.
This is doubtless a principal reason why Great
Britain has enjoyed a greater share of public lib-
erty than the continental Powers. The absence
of armies has permitted libera] principles to ex-
pand with the growth of the nation, and the in-
creased knowledge and civilization of an improv-
ing country. Not only is this force kept by itself,
but no admiral attains to civil distinction. They
are neither made ministers, the governors of prov-
inces, nor placed in any high stations. A sailor is
seldom heard of, except in defending the honor
and redressing the wrongs of his country.
But, further, look at our own country; at
achievements which filled every bosom with sur-
prise and joy, which redeemed the honor oí the
nation, and acquired for it a fame as illustrious
and imperishable as will be the history of our
, naval victories. In all times, and under all cu-
ll cumstances, our naval history is almost without
blemish. The valor, the intrepidity, and the
skill of our countiymen come rear to being all
we could desne, and their magnanimity, patriot-
ism, and disinterestedness have never, I am con-
fident, been surpasstd. Wheie is the sailor who
has dishonoied the deck upon which he has trod
or has tarnished the flag that waved over his
head5 To no other class of men can the honor
and interests of the country be more safely con-
fided, for they pour their blood out for us as
freely as water. And to their honor be it said,
and let a grateful country acknowledge it, they
asked nothing in return but the monthly wages
we by law promise to them They demand no
places of honor, or trust, or emolument. They
claim no stations as a reward for public service.
They touch not a foot of your publie. lands; and
though your tables here (I speak it without
reproach, for no one feels more grateful for valu-
able military services) have for years groaned
under the weight of petitions for pensions, when
have you ever heard among them the name of a
sailor' Sir, as a singular illustration of this dis-
interested, lofty patuotism, petitions have for
more than ten years been pending on your files
for remuneration for that gallant achievement,
the destruction of the frigate Philadelphia in the
harbor of Tripoli; and I believe not one of that
devoted band has ever put his name to any of
these or any other papers, asking for the bounty
of this Government, though the sum proposed to
be given has never been less than a hundred
thousand dollars. It is enough for the sailor to
sustain the honoi of the country, and preserve
its liberties. All he asks in return is the proud
distinction of having borne her flag in triumph to
the remotest corners of the earth without soiling
a fold of it
Sir, we have little to fear from such a class of
men; and yet even for the Navy I want no
extravagant, lavish appropriations of money, no
unnatural growth, but a firm, steady advance in
strength, which will enable us to compel all
adversaries to respect our rights because we are
able to defend them.
And now, sir, let me ask the attention of the
Senate to the militia, which ought and was de-
signed to be our great reliance for land defense
and protection at all times, except in cases of ac-
tual invasion. Yes, to the militia Perhaps the
woid itself may strike some ears with surprise;
for, in this long debate, this endless discussion
about the defenses of the country, the militia
have neither been mentioned nor thought of I
beg permission to recall attention to that class of
men, to the armed citizens, who seem to be cast
by as unworthy of notice among the splendid
preparations for war. Let us not forget that
those who achieved our independence thought the
citizen soldier the most suitable defender and
guardian of their rights, the only force in har-
mony with our institutions—a force (however
fashionable it may be to laugh and jest at) which
has fulfilled the highest hopes of the country, by
proving its courage and skill equal to every great
crisis which has occurred, from the battle of
Bunker's Hill and that of Saratoga, to this day.
The name of a million and a half of armed men
is worth more than a wall of brass It is a living
fortification that no enemy will disregard. Who,
withoutan overwhelming force, will venture upon
an aimed, organized population' It is this or-
ganization which, at all times, has saved the
country from inroads from its earliest settlement.
And has the day come when, in the pride of
power, in our zeal to be defended, we are about
to abandon the militia, and substitute a regular
army' Sir, we have always been taught that
military power in a free Government is danger-
ous; that it does not harmonize with republican
institutions; that it is arbitrary and violent in its
chaiacter; that its lessons are obedience and sub-
mission, and all its elements the opposite of pop-
ular liberty. We have been instructed, also, that
the militia—in other words, armed citizens—can
be trusted, because they are the protectors of their
own firesides; because they are the people them-
selves, doing service in time of peace as a patri-
otic and not as a mercenary act; and because
their interests are identified with the preservation
of peace, the perpetuity of popular rights, and
the dominion of law.   They mostly hold the
