618
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
24th Cong....! st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
elective franchise, and thus constitute part and
parcel of the elements of the Government itself.
Thus bound to us by every tie of affection and
interest, and exempt from all dependence on the
Government, they constitute a force on which we
may safely rely; a force that can have no motive
to follow an ambitious leader, or to conquer the
liberties of the country. They are, in truth, the
people themselves, who become soldiers for no
other purpose than to preserve the country. This
force constitutes a part of our organization—a
part of our republican system. It is the strong '
arm on which the framers of the Constitution
relied; and are we about to pass it by as of no
account in the defense of the country? Sir, we
have fallen upon new, if not unpropitious times.
Efforts have been made here, year after year, to
give some encouragement to the militia. We
have been entreated by the States to turn our
attention to the matter, and to place this force
upon a more respectable and a more honorable
footing; but, as far as my memory serves me,
we have never even condescended to take the
matter into consideration, while scarce a day
passes without an exhortation to increase the
Army or to enlarge the fortifications.
Sir, I have a confiding reliance on a gallant,
patriotic people, that they will never suffer their
country to be dishonored; and when they cease
to justify that trust, they will cease to have a
Government in which they will participate. It
is plain to me that our fathers relied upon a navy
and the militia for the protection and defense
of the country, except in great and urgent emer-
gencies; and I feel an earnest desire that their
great principles in this matter, so intimately con-
nected as they are with our future hopes, may
not be abandoned. The militia, if properly re-
garded, is daily becoming more and more effect- j
ive, by the great facilities for intercommunication |
which are now afforded by steam. Forces to a
great amount may now be suddenly collected at
important points along the sea-coast, without the
fatigue of long and dilatory marches, which must
add greatly to our military strength and security.
Indeed, the expediency and wisdom of relying
upon this force was never, at any moment, more
apparent than now.
While I contend for these as leading matters of
a defense founded upon enlightened views of our
position and our republican Government, I by
no means deny the propriety of fortifying  to
some extent.   The chief cities and places of com- '
mercial business ought to have some protection; '
but 1 object to such fortifications as that at Old
Point Comfort, containing over sixty acres of
land,and costing about two million dollars.   This
is a system of defense  belonging  to standing j
armies and burdensome taxation.    Our Republic i
should shun both.    1 would construct at import-
anipoints forts of suitable dimensions and strength
to guard against surprise or sudden assaults by
an enemy.    For the  rest, I would  rely on the
emergen-,, y.    Sir, if the whole coast is to be for-
tified, and   the  fortifications are to  be of this !
gigantic character, is not this preparation to be ¡
the apology for a standing army, and for an an-
nual expenditure that will oppress and bow down
the people under burdens grievous to be borne?
If the people would see what comes of splen-
did Governments, let them look into Europe, and
see the laborer toiling through a life of poverty
and wretchedness to sustain them.    Let them see
the inexorable decree which binds   him to the
earth, and fleeces him with tithes and taxes.
Sir, when the people, or the people's represent-
atives, are captivated with military glory; when
the tap of the drum is heard daily in the street;
when a military spirit has seized us; when
our thoughts run upon the achievement of arms,
the acquisition of territory, the enlargement of
our limits; when we become belligerent in our
feelings, quarrelsome and overbearing towards
our neighbors; when we are for drawing the
sword and unfurling the banner to settle every
controversy; when, in a word, we begin to play
the bully, and to rely on our strength, instead of
dealing justly and temperately, the signs of the
times must be viewed as ominous of evil, for our
institutions are peaceful in their character, and
always suffer when touched by the jarring ele-
ments of war.   Let that state or sentiment be
aided by a concentration of public affection in
military leaders and a standing army, and we
may read our fate in that of Athens under Peri-
cles, republican Britain under Cromwell, and
republican France under Napoleon. The trans-
ition is easy, and the history of the world shows
that, under these symptoms, it is certain, from a
free Government to a military despotism. Names
usually remain unchanged, butthepowerisshifted
from the many to one. Let me, then, entreat the
Senate to be no way instrumental in creating a
necessity for a standing army, which is the bane
of a free Government. A standing army enjoys
no liberty, and knows not how to appreciate it;
it is acquainted with nothing but obedience and
dependence; it feeds from the public crib, and is
too often faithful to the master that deals out its
daily bread, or promises it an opportunity to
plunder others. All example teaches us, by the
melancholy fate of others, to shun this certain
destruction. I would listen with strong distrust
to all propositions to increase the army, or to
erect works which will make such an increase
necessary, and so will the people of Massachu-
setts. Do gentlemen suppose that a people who
have been nursed in the cradle of liberty—a peo-
ple whose soil was once stained with the tread,
and whose churches were desecrated by the sports
of armies brought here to defend the royal Gov-
ernment, will be seduced from their principles
by a proffer to spend in their harbors one or two
hundred thousand dollars? Sir, you must come
with heavier bribes if you would tempt the mer-
cenary spirit of that people, or seduce them from
their steady, firm, and unchangeable love of pub-
lic liberty. You must first blot from their mem-
ories the history of the Revolution, before you
will succeed in teaching them that standing armies
are in harmony with our institutions. This
scheme, therefore, of placing a fort in each State
will not recommend to us double and triple ap-
propriations, or a lavish waste of public money.
The object and the effect are apparent.
No one doubts. Mr. President, that, if you in-
sist on finding out how much money can be spent,
the military bureaus will send you projects that
would absorb the revenues of the earth. Look,
sir, at the monstrous sums which this report pro-
poses to disburse for the Army and the Navy.
Sixty-two millions for the former, and seventeen
for the latter, makingabouteighty millions. Sir,
such propositions are not to be listened to for a
moment. What follows ? According to the an-
nunciation just made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, these estimates are not
large enough by one third or more. We should
then have forts enough to employ one hundred
thousand men in time of war, and how many in
time of peace I know not, but an army at least
to absorb like a sponge the earnings of the la-
borer.
Sir, let us abandon this lavish spirit, and return
to the great cardinal virtues—economy in the ex-
penditure of the public money and reform of
abuses. I will not, for one, be tempted into a
violation of these great principles, under the de-
lusive cry of defense, defense. An honest, up-
right, and just course of policy will seldom call
for any defense. It is the noisy tone of bravado
that demands defense, and generally makes it ne-
| cessary. Let us proceed upon the old and safe
principles—deal justly, and cease to hunt for in-
juries and to give provocation, and we shall have
few wrongs to redress. I have no objection to
beginning new works -where they are necessary,
as I believe most of those in this bill are; but I
can not vote for these long and extra vagan t appro-
priations. I have said that great forts are not
necessary; and, in proof of this, that nothing ur-
gent presses upon us. I do not recollect that any
town, however poorly fortified, was ever entered
by an enemy's ship from the settlement of the
country to this time, except in the war of the
Revolution, when the Eritish had in the outset
possession of most of the important posts. And
yet we were, in colonial times, involved in long
and bitter wars. These two hundred years of
experience, when we were weak, ought to be
worth something. The history of them furnishes
a striking contrast to the present day—a contrast
humbling to our pride. The spirit of chivalry
that sustained a feeble community has vanished,
and, like tortoises, we are crawling into shells.
For one, sir, I have no distrust of the manly cour-
age and patriotism of the people; they will, come
what may, save the country from dishonor, un-
less you teach them to rely for protection upon
standing armies.
I have another objection to the present plan of
operations. The apology for anticipating the de-
mands for future years, is to enable the engineers
to make long contracts. This is the most unpro-
pitious of all times to make long contracts; every-
thing is run up to the highest price, and nothing
could be more unwise than to make long contracts
at the present value of labor and materials. To
force works now, when there is no pressing
emergency, would not only be a great waste of
public money, but if extensive new works are
commenced, then the United States becomes a
bidder for labor and materials against other pub-
lic works and improvements, as well as against
individual operations; and, sir, it requires no
sagacity to predict that the weaker party must
yield. It has been said that no such effect can
be produced, because millions upon millions are
expending in New York, to rebuild the burnt
district, and no such result has followed. Sir, I
have before me evidence proving that this course
has pressed so heavily on other portions of the
country, as actually to suspend works under
contract.
I have, as all know who have observed my
public course, been the unwavering advocate of
the laboring class of the public. Sly most sin-
cere desire, atall times,has been,that theyshould
realize a just and liberal compensation for their
work, for no other state of things can give a vig-
orous prosperity to the country. These opin-
ions remain unaltered. I am still under the firm
belief that labor must be well paid, to make a
happy and well-regulated community But how
is labor best encouraged? How is it that em-
ployers in this country can afford to pay higher
wages than are paid for like services in Europe ?
One great reason is this: public improvements
here have been pushed forward to an extent un-
exampled. The canal, for example, from Lake
Erie to Albany, opens a line of water communi-
cation thousands of miles in extent, and brings
into action the resources of a vast country which
before were dormant. A barrel of flour may prob-
ably be delivered from the lakes at New York at
less expense of transportation than a like transit
of fifty miles over land in Germany. Here, then,
labor acts with a power of production unknown
in Europe. It can make more grain, send into
the market more of the fruits of its action in all
ways, and hence it is justly entitled to more com-
pensation. Such is the effect of all internal im-
provements, all facilities of transportation, which
bring products at less expense into the market.
Every line of railroad opens new resources, gives
employment to new capital, and to labor invig-
orated action, because it has more material at
cheaper rates to work upon. How deeply in-
terested, then, are all laborers in internal improve-
ment! How anxious ought they to be to ad-
vance them! With these views, I have felt a
most anxious solicitude to prevent the public
money from being lavished away on objects that
will yield little lasting benefit to the public, when
it may be distributed among the States, and be
made instrumental in advancing the interests and
prosperity of the people. Sure I am, if the States
should have a little aid in this way, great lines
of rapid and cheap communication would soon
penetrate them, infusing fresh vigor into agricul-
ture, manufactures, and all the multifarious ob-
jects upon which labor acts. If you give toa
man two acres of fertile land to cultivate, instead
of one, it will be his fault if he does not produce
more and make his situation better. I must,
therefore, be permitted to say that the interests
of the people demand, imperiously demand, the
distribution of the surplus in the Treasury, to be
expended for their benefit, instead of being lav-
ished upon unnecessary measures of defense.
Sir, in the course of this debate I have heard
the surplus heavily and bitterly denounced, and
fortifications recommended in its stead. The
people themselves have been harshly character-
ized as scrambling after the public money. The
people scrambling after it; after their own prep-
