1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61$
24th Cono.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the District of Columbia—Mr. Prentiss.
Senate.
ertv' You took it from them, hare no need of
it, and now thev call on you to return it This
is iknominated scrambling1 Sir, the people are
not scrambling, but the sciamble is here, in these
H-*!K and among the pet banks, to keep the
people's money fiom them, by devising new
sclit raes of dt finding the country,and by making
nppropn-uions years in idvance. The sciamble
is to keep vv hat does not belong to you, and, sir,
the public are not so blind as not to compiehend
tins. Thty understand to whom this money
btlongs, and will not be satisfied to have a few-
favored individuals enjoy the use of it There
must, sir, either be a surplus, or such a profligate
and vastt ful expenditure as has never been wit-
nessed This cannot bo disguised It must be
met, and gentlemen must choose the alternative
thev mean to take. On this point I join issue
uitVi all who favor lavish schemes, to waste the
public money under the guise of defending the
country It is to keep the money from the
people, to prevent their being benefited by it It
is declaring to them they cannot be trusted with
their own property, but the Government, ay, the
Government, as their guardians, must hold it,
and waste it, to advance selfish schemes, and to
enlarge its influence, by the all-subduing and
corrupting power of money. What stockholder
of all these banks, when his property has been
advanced from par to thirty percent advance by
the public deposits, will not be silenced in his
opposition to all abuses of power' Talk of cor-
rupting the people, and their scrambling after the
money • It is now employed in a more effectual
way than to diffuse its benefits among the whole
public Its seductive power is now felt, for it
works out certain conversion, and the question
is, shall it perform this corrupting office, or shall
the people have it' Let this be the issue; let the
people understand that this is the reason for
double and triple appropriations in advance, and
for preventing the distribution under the land
bill.
Our true policy is to return to the old and safe
course of policy. Give up the double and triple
appropriations. Keep the expenditures on a
reasonable footing, and let the people have the
benefit of the great balance which will remain
It is theirs, and they know how to spend it; and
allow me to say they will see and understand
where the scramble is.
SLAVERY IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
REMARKS OF  HON. S. PRENTISS,
OF VERMONT,
I  Senate, March 1, 1836,
On the question of reception of a Petmon from the Society
of Friends, praying for the abolition of Slavery in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. PRENTISS said:
Mr President: I am unwilling that the vote
which I shall feel myself obliged to give upon
this question should be liable, fiom silence on
my part, to any misconception. In all my pub-
lic acts, and on this occasion in particular, I am
desirous that the grounds upon which I proceed
should be distinctly known, so that no misappre-
hension may exist, with respect to my conduct
or my motives, here or elsewhere. I cannot
yield my assent to some of the doctrines which
nave been advanced in this debate, and I wish to
say just enough to prevent the possibility of any
inference that I acquiesce in them.
Sir, the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia is a question, in all its aspects and re-
lations, of great interest and delicacy. It is a
question which I have had no disposition to agi-
tate, especially at this time; and at no time would
I interfere, in the slightest manner, with slavery
as it exists in some of the States In my public
character, I look upon slavery in the States only
as the Constitution of the United States looks
upon it—as a State institution, existing under
State laws, and subject only to State authority.
I know it only as it is known to the Constitution,
and would not treat it otherwise than the Consti-
tution treats it I would leave it where the Con-
stitution has left it, disclaiming all power in Con-
gress over it; and I would neither do nor say
nnything in my public capacity here to distuib
the right in this species of property, or in any
manner to endanger its security. While I say
this, sir, in reference to slavery in the States, I
am bound, in candor and frankness, to say that
I regard slaveiy in this District in a veiy different
light.
The petitions which have been presented here
do not ask any intciference, or assert any power
in Congress to interfere with slavery in the States.
They are confined to slavery m this District.
They complain of its existence here as a public
evil, and ask the interposition of Confess to
redress the cnevanee. The Senator fiom South
Carolina [Mr Calhoun] has moved that the
petitions be not received. The Senatoi from
Pennsylvania [Mr Buchanan] proposes that the
prayer of the petitions be at once rejected
Sir, I cannot agree to either of these motions.
They differ, to be sure, in point of form, but the
effect of both, it appeals to me, is substantially
the same. The fiist in order, the one now be-
fore the Senate, denies, in terms, the right to
petition at all on the subject The other, it is
true, does not, in form, deny the right, but while
it professes to admit the right, it pioposes to re-
ject the prayer of the petitions immediately, with-
out a hearing, and without consideration. They
are both essentially preliminary motions, pre-
cluding alike the usual reference and examination
into the merits of the petitions, and, in my judg-
ment, the bDth,in effect, abridge the right secured
by the Constitution; or,more properly speaking,
the right recognized by the Constitution as a pre-
existing right, a right original and inherent in,
the people. If we can make no law abridging
the right to petition, we surely can neither right-
fully refuse to receive a petition, nor reject it
mstanter on its reception, without a hearing,
without any inquiry into the subject matter.
The distinction between rejecting the petition
and rejecting the prayer of the petition, immedi-
ately on its being received, which is the motion
proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania, is
too refined and abstract, in my apprehension, for
a subject of such common and universal interest
to the people as the puvilege and right to peti-
tion. The distinction, I must repeat, is, to my
mind, unimportant, and exists rather in form
than in substance. The chaiacter of the motion
is not altered or at all varied by the circumstance
that the motion admits of discussion. Discus-
sion may be had on almost any and every pre-
liminary motion. Discussion, free and liberal
discussion, has been had on the motion not to
receive That motion is still pending; and if
discussion is all that is to be looked to, every ob-
ject has been attained, and gentlemen may as
well vote for that motion at once The disposi-
tion proposed to be given to the petition, after it
shall be received, is equally summary, denying,
as it does, investigation and consideration in the
accustomed forms of proceeding; and though it
may be a formal and technical compliance with
the Constitution, it is, after all, to every practi-
cal and essential purpose, equivalent to a rejec-
tion of the petition itself. If we are bound to
receive, we are bound to hear and consider, and
an abrupt and premature reaction of the prayer
of the petition, if not a denial of the right to pe-
tition, is a denial of everything belonging to the
right which is of any importance.
When petitions are decorous in their language,
and contain nothing which can be justly deemed
intentionally offensive; when they come from
persons competent to petition, and treat of sub-
jects upon which it is competent for Congress to
act, I hold that we are bound to receive them, and
give them a respectful consideration. No petition,
in my opinion, ought to be rejected, or can con-
stitutionally be i ejected and refused a hearing, on
account of the nature of the subject of which it
treats, unless the subject be obviously and unques-
tionably beyond the constitutional power of Con-
gress. With this limitation of the right it be-
longs, and must, from the very natuie of the
right, necessarily belon?, exclusively to the peti-
tioners themselves to judge of the subject-matter
If Congress can discriminate between subjects,
and say that upon some subjects petitions may
I be received, but upon others they shall not be re-
ceived, what, I ask, becomes of the right to peti-
tion > What is the right worth' It will be in
vain, sn, that we acknowledge the right, if we
thus, limit its extent, if we thus control its exer-
cise
These preliminary motions (for I can call them
nothing else) go dirtr-tly, it appeals to me, to im-
pair, to nanow,and abudge the right If we
ically mean that the right shall be enjoyed in its
just, its legitimate extent, we shall forbear to em-
barrass it, to rendei it nugatoiy, by questions of
this sort. We shall rather treat the petitions, as
I think we are bound to treat them, and as they
have alw lys heietofore been treated, accoiding
to the ordinary rules and usages of parliamentary
bodies in such cases
I regret exceedingly the harsh expressions
which gentlemen have thought fit to apply to the
petitionei s They have been dennunced as incen-
díanos, they have been charged with criminal,
with treasonable intentions with intentions to
excite a servile war, and subject the u hole south-
ern country to pillage, havoc, and devastation
Sir, we are apt to fall into the very common en or
of supposing that all who differ from us, espe-
cially on subjects of an inteiestmgand exciting
natuie, do so from unworthy motives, and not
from honest conviction With some of the persons
who have signed petitions on this subject I am
well acquainted. I know them to be intelligent,
patriotic, highly respectable Their propositions
may be strongly stated, their argument may be
bold; their illustrations may not be suited to the
taste or the judgment of those whose opinions
they oppose; but that all, the whole combjned,
proceeds from a consciousness, on their pan, of
doing and saying what is light, I neither have
nor can entertain any doubt
With me, s>r, it does not admit of a question
that the petitioneis believe, sincerely believe,
what thev proftss to think, that the honor of the
country, the piospeuty of the country, the best
and highest mteiests of liberty and humanity,
are involved in this question. If they are wrong
in their opinions, or express them with too much
boldness and independence, the fault, if it be
one, is to be found in the institutions of the coun-
try; in the civil and political pnnciples of the
country; in the education of the country. It is
from these sources that the petitioners have im-
bibed their opinions, as well as the spirit which
prompts them to express them with manly free-
dom; and, sir, you cannot by any law you can
. make, or by any vote which may be here given,
repress or íestrain the free expression of their
I opinions, any more than you can stop or check,
by legal enactment, or legal coercion, the course
and cunent of their thoughts It would be un-
wise to attempt to do so. We should rather
tieat them as they have hitherto been treated
We should resort to no extraordinaiy measures.
We should obseive the ordinary rules and usages
of this body, and permit the petitions, as usual,
to go to a committee. This is not only the just
constitutional course, but the course, in my opin-
ion, enjoined upon us by every consideration of
policy, as well as of duty
Sir, upon the constitutional question whether
Congress has the power to abolish slavery in
this District, we had, some days ago, a very com-
pact, luminous, and intelligible argument from
the Senator from Virginia; and from the known
ability and habits of close and thorough research
of the Senator, we have a right to presume, and
indeed must presume, that every consideration
was presented in support of his doctrine of which
the subject is susceptible Although the lucid
simplicity, the exact and eloquent brevity of his
style and reasoning, interested and charmed me
much, the Senator must pardon me if I say that
his argument failed to convince me.
Two propositnns were relied upon as the prin-
cipal basis of the argument It was insisted,
fir&t, that the act of cession of Virginia expressly
interdicted the exercise of the power by Congi ess.
The act, after ceding the territory, and íelin-
quislnng to the United States " absolute right and
exclusive jurisdiction over it," piovidrs " thrt
nothing herein cont lined shall be construed to
vest in the United States any n<rht of property
in the soil, or to affect the lights of individuals
therein, otherwise than the same shall or may be
