1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Proceeds of the Public Lands—Mr. Lincoln.
Ho. of Reps.
February, 1819, and commonly called the Florida [,
treaty, '''<' United States entered into the follow-
ing stipulation:
•■ The boundary line between tlie two countries west of
the Mi.  '!-i( f>i ill-ill Infill on Mí Gulf of Mexico, at /tic
n'i'1 ¿>'t\e mer S i.'í'ir, i  tf-e se r.ront'ñuim; mi th <iIons¡
r'i;- "fvfini Am', of that rieer, to the tlurtii-serjnil dvsree ot
IMUittt: t'ifnie. ^w a line due iiJrtA, to the dc«rec of lati-
tuit «•/>«•!« it strikes the Rio Hout-J Natchitoches, or Red
neer ; men follow ms tlie course or* the liio l!i)\i> ivestivard,
li> tiie i! -ffr.-e of I lasituile 10J" west from T.omlon, and 03'
from Ws-hiniton ; wen, rrossin  the said Red river, and
runninj iheiire by a line due north, to tile river Arkansas ;
tiicnee, lollownijt tlie eour e of Ule southern bend of the
Aikjiwi-, to i:s source, in tutiuule l'J° north ; and thence,
tu that p.irilltl ef l.itmnle, to the t"outh sea; the whole '
belli  as laid down in Meh-h's map of the United States,
puhli.-hett at Philadelphia, unproved to the 1st of January,
Ifli."
Then follows a renunciation on the part of the
United States of all their rights, claims, and pre-
tensions to any territories lying west and south
of the above described line.
In the fourth article of the treaty there is the
following stipulation:
••To fix this line with more precision, and to place the
land marks which shall designate exactly the hums of both
nations, each of the contracting parties shall appoint a com-
mi-sioner and surveyor, who shall meet before the term -
tnation of one year from the date of the ratification of this
treaty, at Natchitoches, on the Red river, and proceed to
run and mark the said line from the mouth of the Sabine to
the R d river, and from the Red river to the river Arkansas,
in conformity to what is above agreed upon and stipulated,
and the line of latitude 4-2% to the South sea. They shall
make out plans, and keep journals of their proceedings, and
the result agreed upon by them shall he considered as part
of this treaty, and shull have the same force as if it were -
inferred therein."
To carry into execution this treaty, an act was
passed on the 3d of March, 1821, the third sec-
tion of which provides for the appointment of a
commissioner and surveyor, " for the purpose
stipulated in the fourth article of said treaty."
Owing to the progress of the revolutionary war
waging in Spain, this treaty remained without ex- |
ecution, so far as regarded the question of limits, I
until after the United States had acknowledged j
the independence of the Mexican Republic.  The
Mexican   Republic  succeeded, as  a  matter of  ¡
course, to the rights and the obligations, in this
respect, possessed by and due to Spain.    And to
remove all doubt on the subject, there was con-
cluded, on the 12th of January, 1828, a treaty of
limits between the United States of America and
the United Mexican States, continued by an ad-
ditional article concluded on the 5th of April,
1531, recognizing the boundary line of the two
Republics, and the mode of settling it by com-
missioners, in the precise words of the treaty of
1819.   In pursuance of which, an act was passed
on the 3d of July, 1832, repeating, in substance,
the provisions of the expired act of the 3d of
March, 1821.
These treaties, for causes which do not dis-
tinctly appear, still remaining without execution,
another additional article to the treaty of limits
■was concluded on the 3d of April, 1835, which,
briefly referring to the treaty of 1828, stipulates
once more for the appointment of a commissioner
and surveyor within one year from the exchange
of ratifications.
The bill before the committee was passed in
the Senate, and is now reported to the House, in
conformity with a very recent message of the
President recommending that the necessary legis-
lative provision may be made for the " faithful
execution" of the treaty on the part of the United
States.
Such aTe the facta upon which the committee
is called to act.
Now, in the first place, the gentleman from
"Virginia [Mr. Win] alleges that doubt exists
concerning the true boundary between the United
States and the Mexican Republic, especially as
to what is the river Sabine, spoken of in the
treaty of limits; and he inquires whether this
point is to be settled by the commissioners, or
whetheritadmitsofthe interposition of theUnited
States. Mr. C. said the solution of this difficulty
was apparent on the face of the treaty. A geo-
graphical line is described on paper; commis-
sioners, appointed by the two Governments, are
to run the line from the mouth of the Sabine to
the Red river, and so on to the river Arkansas.
They are to trace the boundary geographically,
«et up land-mark , «Ml make out pinna of the lin«
run; and the result agreed upon by them is to be
considered as part of the treaty. If they agree,
the faith of the nation is pledged to the mainte-
nance of the boundary so ascertained, and there
is nothing left for the United States to do in the
matter; nothing for Congress. If they do not
agree, then, indeed, there must be further nego-
tiation between the two Republics. But we are
not to anticipate any such issue. We cannot
deal with it in advance. When it comes, then it
will be time enough to determine what course the
United States ought to pursue.
Next, the gentleman fromTennessee [Mr. Pet-
ton] calls upon us to delay this bill, in order to
run the line in conjunction with the new State of
Texas.    To this Mr. C. replied, that the United
States were bound by solemn treaties, deliberate-
ly contracted with the Mexican States, which
treaties defined   and   established the  boundary
between  the  two  Republics.     Our obligations
towards the Mexican States, in this matter, are
no wise changed by tho fact of a civil war exist-
ing in Texas.   It is the duty of the United States
to continue neutral in this controversy.   We are
pledged to this by every consideration of honor
and public faith.    The declaration of independ-
ence issued by the insurgent inhabitants of Texas
does not absolve us from our engagements to
Mexico.    Repeatedly, since the Texans took up
arms, the United States, as it was their duty to
do, have avowed and proclaimed their determina-
tion to observe a studied neutrality, taking no
part either for Texas or Mexico.   The ratifica-
tions of this very additional article were but re-
cently exchanged.    It is little more than a week
since the President asked of Congress to enact
the law now before us, in execution of the treaty
of limits.    And in the documents from the Ex-
ecutive on the subject of our relations with Mex-
ico, just communicated to the House, embracing
the correspondence between Mr. Forsyth  and
Mr. Gorostiza, the new Mexican Minister, and
the instructions given to the civil and military
officers of the United States in regard to the war
in Texas, there is continual declaration of the
\ duty and the intent of theUnited States to remain
wholly neutral, and  to cause their neutrality to
be respected.    The readiness to run this bound-
ary line is one of the particulars in which the
President has signified his wish to indicate the
j neutral purposes and the good faith of the United
States.    Has the Mexican Republic ceased to
j exist?   Does the revolt of one of her provinces
I absolve us from our treaties with her?   Clearly
not.    And it is preposterous to imagine that the
! United States will seek to conspire with Mexico
j to run this line fraudulently, to the injury of
Texas.  There is no danger of error on that side.
j And if the Texans achieve their independence,
I they will succeed to all the rights of the Mexican
j Republic, in the matter of her northeastern fron-
tier, precisely as Mexico succeeded, in this iden-
tical case, to the rights of Spain. This is a prin-
ciple of international law, too well settled to ad-
' mit of dispute.   The honor of the United States
requires that they should pass this law, in execu-
tion of the treaty of limits, and in obedience to
its conditions; and if, meantime, Texas should
; become independent, either in fact or by express
recognition, that possible state of things can be
met when it arrives, without the United States
having subjected their faith to question by Mex-
ico, or any other foreign Power, as they would
do in refusing to comply with the stipulations of
the treaty.
Mr. C. deprecated the untimely and precipitate
agitation of the all-important subject of the future
destinies of Texas. He was aware that the ac-
knowledgment of its independence, or the annex-
ation of it to the United States, was a possible,
not to say probable question, which this Con-
gress, and at the present session, might be called
upon to determine. Perhaps at this very moment
the revolutionized inhabitants of Texas may have
rendered themselves independent in fact by a con-
clusive triumph. But of this we have no certain
knowledge. And it does not become us to decide
now, in this incidental way, what we will do in
the possible future event, and in reference to a
point of such vastimportance to the United States.
It is a question replete with consequences, both
of piiftciple and of policy, enduring to toe end of
time. No question has arisen so momentous to
the whole United States, and to every part of if,
since the period of the cession of Louisiana. Give
us time to think of it, to weigh it deliberately in
all its bearings, and with a full knowledge of
facts, instead of embarrassing the ordinary legis-
lation of the House, by rashly plunging into this
controversy, with premature and idle haste, un-
becoming statesmen or men of business, and in
violation of the good faith of the United States.
PROCEEDS OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
SPEECH OF HON. LEVI LINCOLN,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House or Reíresentativtí,
May 10, 1836,
On the motion to commit the bill to distribute the proceeds
of tlie Public Lands.
Mr. LINCOLN said:
Mr. Speaker: The several propositions sub-
mitted to the consideration of the House, which
have respect to the disposition to be given to the
bill from the Senate, for the distribution of the
proceeds of the public lands, demand somewhat
more than ordinary attention. The subject-mat-
ter which they involve is deeply interesting to the
Íieople and to the States of this Union. Mycol-
eague, who has preceded me, [Mr. Grenneli.,1
has very properly adverted to the «solutions of
the Legislature of Massachusetts, presented here
the present session, instructing her Senators and
requesting her Representatives to advocate the
principles of the bill upon your table. It needed
not, sir, this authority from a squrce at ail times
entitled to my highest respect to secure my hum-
ble efforts in support of the object of that bill,
inasmuch as a dictate of duty and the most ob-
vious perception of right seem to me to require
the measure. In whatever I may now say, I
therefore no less fulfill my own sense of personal
obligation, than cheerfully obey the voice of those
who have thought proper speeiaHy to declare the
interests of the State in the matter.
The question immediately before the House I
understand to be one of reference only, with a
view to give direction to the ultimate action of
this body upon the merits of the bill.   I am fully
aware that, upon this preliminary movement, it
is not competent to discuss the provisions of the
bill itself.   But it is not to be unheeded that the
decision which shall be had upon the various
■ motions which have been successively submitted
| may have an important bearing Upon the dispo-
sition of the principal measure.   Various propo-
! sitions are before the House.   One gentleman
' moves to send the bill to the Committee on Pub-
I lie Lands; another to give it to the Committee
1 of Ways and Means; and the third to commit it
I to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
] the Union. Has it been sufficiently regarded that,
; however the reference shall, in the first instance,
j be made, it will and must come to the same point
at last I   This bill must be discussed in Commit-
tee of the Whole, if it is to be considered upon
; its merits at all.   Is this not bo ?   The bill pro-
poses an appropriation, and a ferge appropriation,
' too; that of the millions of surplus from one of
the great sources of national revenue.   It no less
i partakes of the character of an appropriation
bill, because it purports to be for the purpose of
distribution.   The distribution of the revenue,
I by an act taking it from the Treasury, is in itself
*m appropriation of it, and the object of the bill
Upon the table is but to direet that appropriation
to the use of the States.   Whatever, therefore,
might be the report of either of the standing
committees to which it is proposed to be sent,
the House, by one of its invariable rules, never
! departed from, must go Into Committee of the
I Whole upon that report, unless, indeed, it shall
1 refuse to consider the bill; in other words, shall
reject it witAro«t consideration.   If I am wrong in
this view of the order of business, under the
rules and practice of the House, I beg to be cor-
rected by the Chair, or the experience of the
eldest members on this floor.
,     Assuming, then, that a bill which proposes an
I appropriation of the public money must,/rem it*
