622
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May I0,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Proceeds of the Public Lands—Mr. Lincoln.
Ho. of Reps.
very character, at an earlier or later stage of its
progress, come into a Committee of the Whole
House, what are the reasons for sending it inter-
mediately to either of the standing committees?
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Carr,] who
moved its reference to the Committee on Public
Lands, assigned no special inducement to give it
that destination.    It surely does not fall within
the appropriate and specified duties of that com-
mittee to inquire into the disposition which shall
be made of the revenues of the country, from
whatever sources derived, whether from the sales
of the public lands, rather than imposts and
duties upon the commerce of the nation.   The
condition of the public domain; the proper mode
of its management and disposition; its value to
the Government and the people, eitheras a means
of national wealth in its productiveness to the
Treasury, or as conducive to the strength and
power of the country, in its capacity to sustain
an extended, virtuous, and free population, and
the subjects legitimately within the province of
that committee, and  such  hitherto have been
regarded as the limits of their jurisdiction.    As
an humble member of the committee, I would not
be considered as disclaiming the custody of any
matter which  the  House  may commit to  its
charge.    I trust I feel as high respect for the
intelligence, industry, and capacity of my hon-
orable associates, as any gentleman on this floor.
I suggest no distrust of the ability and fidelity
With which they would apply themselves to any
delegated trust; and I trust it will be considered
in nowise inconsistent with a sentiment of the
truest personal regard towards them, that I now
object to any  supposed   peculiar qualification
which they possess for the investigation of the
precise matter proposed by the gentleman from ¡
-Indiana to  be referred to their consideration. I
Does any honorable member of this House look | j
to the Gommittee on Public Lands for instruction ]
on a question of the distribution of the surplus
revenue?   What means of information do this
committee enjoy which are not common to every
one within the sound of my voice?    Wherefore,
I again ask, make this reference?   What con-
nection have the public lands, their management,
the graduation of the prices of these lands, or
the surrender of them to the States in which they
lie, or any other proposed immediate or pros-
pective measure in relation,to the public domain,
with the appropriation of money from the Treas-
ury? The reference in the bill to the lands is but
to one of the sources of supply; and fof the pur-
pose only of determining the quantum of surplus
proper to be set apart for distribution.   Can the
.honorable chairman of the Committee on Public '
Lands, or either or all of his associates be better ',
advised of this than any other committee of the
.House?   Sir, the question involved in the bill
has nothing to do with the duties of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.   It is not within the
province of their inquiry, and would, most inap-
propriately, be referred to their cognizance.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Gillet]
seems to admit the correctness of this view of the
subject, and, in submitting his motion to refer the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, urges
the consideration that the proposed distribution
has relation to the revenue of the country, and
should therefore-receive the primary examination
of those who are especially charged with the duty
of inquiring into its necessary appropriations.
This position might be tenable if the inquiry was
at all essential to the determination of the fact
that, after, every appropriation required for the
ordinary or extraordinary expenditures of the Gov-
ernment, a surplus greater than the-bill propose* to
distribute, would still remain. Sir, I insist, with
the honorable gentleman from New York before
me, [Mr. Grange*,] who has just resumed hia
seat, that, on this point, there can be neither
doubt nor honest difference of opinion in this
House. Let the appropriations be as liberal as
those most lavish of the public treasure may dare
to vote them;; let every hill now on your table be
passed, and every proposition which any gentle*
man has yet seriously made be sustained, still, sir,
1 pledge myself the close of the session will leave
a large surplus undisposed of, and thereafter fur-
ther greatly to accumulate, except by the inter-
vention of the operation of the bill under consid-
eration, or the application of some other principle
of distribution. No one can be hardy enough to
deny this. There exists at this very moment a
balance of more than thirty millions of dollars on
the books of the Treasury; and what intelligent
and responsible Representative of the people will
venture to say that this vast sum, together with
the accruing revenue, can be absorbed by the oc-
casions of the country? The revenue of the cur-
rent year is estimated by the Department greatly
to exceed the expenditures, and the excess, at the
end of the year will be still larger in the Treasury.
Can it be necessary, then, to send this bill to the
Committee of Ways and Means for a report of
facts already known to every member of this
House? Have we not the reports of the Secre-
tary showing the state of the Treasury before
us? Are not the appropriation bills upon our
desks? And allowing some millions for accidents
and contingencies for repressing Indian hostilities,
and the glory of our arms in military expeditions,
and, moreover, for the policy of patty in the grati-
fication of a new born zeal for national defenses,
who does not see that,after all, there is still enough
to satisfy the provisions of this bill, and to spare ?
Mr. Speaker, the country is neither to be deluded
nor abused in this matter. The surplus exists,
and is daily augmenting. TheJGovernment want
it for no legitimate uses. If it is not to be dis-
tributed by law, it will be retained for party pur-
poses, to be used in the conflict for the Presidency;
to be paid to the parasites of power; in one word,
to be pledged to the succession!
Butthere is anotherand moredecisive objection
to the adoption of the proposition of the gentle-
man from New York, to refer this bill to the
Committee of Ways and Means. That committee ,
have already pi-ejudged the matter. What chance,
think you, would there be of a favorable report
(if any report there should be) to the adoption of
the principle of the bill from this quarter? Sir,
I will not arraign the motives or the judgment of
the members of that committee, but I object to
them as fair and impartial judges of the expe-
diency or policy of the passage of this bill.
Neither do they constitute a fit inquest for the pur-
pose of presentingfactsand considerations proper
for the information of this House. They have
already declared their opinion that there is to be
no surplus in the Treasury for distribution, and
I think it manifest, from the monstrous projects
of expenditure which have been suggested, it is
their intention that there shall be nothing upon
which the bills may, operate. The language of
the honorable chairman, [Mr. Cambreleng,] who |
isnotonly the able and accomplished official organ
of the committee, but a leading and most influ-
ential member of the Administration party on
this floor and before the nation, in aspeech a few
days since, seemed to have anticipated the present
1 .occasion to the House for a knowledge of his
sentiments on this subject. I pray leave to refer
, .to the expression of his opinions in a report of
that speech published in the official paper, which
has been put into my hands since the commence-
ment of the present debate:                                   i
!     " I am not willing to go with gentlemen for a distribution
í of any portions of our surplus revenue."   " That there is, '
j and probably will continue to be, a surplus which may not |
I be required for a short time to come, cannot be denied; but <
I it is equally certain that we have not only great and indis- i
pensable objects to apply it to, but that we are approaching
a crisis in our financial affairs for which we ought now to
prepare."
Again:
" I do not believe in the continuance of an overflowing
Treasury. I may be deceived, but I do not believe that the
revenue, under the compromise act, and the receipts from
the public lands, will be permanently sufficient to pay the
-expenses of the Government."
:' In a course of elaborate argument, and by vari-
-our extraordinary assumptions and declarations,
the honorable gentleman proceeds to maintain his
position 'that the existing surplus was merely
casual and temporary, and that the condition of
the country in reference to its finances, and present
and future probable occasions, would not justify
its distribution; and he concludes that part of his
argument with the emphatic and, I must say,
most startling assertion that,
"Whatever may be the surplus on the 1st of January
■next, it will all be required to discharge the actual liabil-
ities of the Treasury, and to provide even for a small por-
tion of indispensable measures oí defense; and, as to the
year following the next, there is little probability that o-ir
receipts from customs and lands will be equal to the ex-
penditures of the Government without an addition to the
| tariff."
With such sentiments from the mouth of ciie
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
is it to him should be committed the fate of the bill
for the distribution of the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands? What, sir, all the surplus in
the Treasury on the 1st of January next required to
discharge the actual liabilities of the Treasury, and
inadequate even to indispensable measures of defense !
Jlnd the whole revenue from customs and lands in-
sufficient for the wants of the Government without an
addition to the tariff! Are our dangers so great,
or our means so small ? If the honorable gentle-
man himself believes this, he must excuse me if
I say he is not a fit judge of the propriety of the
measure proposed by the bill now under consider-
ation.
But to show still more conclusively the preju-
diced opinionsofthechairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means upon the question which it is
now proposed should be committed to his dispo-
sal, I ask the indulgence of the House while I
tax their attention to a further extract from his
published speech. He took occasion, rather gra-
tuitously, as it seems to me, at that time, to dis-
cuss and decide upon the character of this very
measure of distributing the proceeds of the public
lands, and unequivocally pronounced it both un-
just and unconstitutional.   Following his argu-
j mentupon its inexpediency, he proceeds:
" Nor am I less astonished to see some of the most ri^id
constructionists so alarmed at the idea of our suiplus icv-
i enue as to unite zealously in this assault upon the Trcas-
j ury. Gentlemen whose constitutional scruples would not
allow them to vote a dollar lor a li ht-housc to save the
: mariners from perishing on our coast amidst the storm* of
midnight, are now ready to empty the federal Treasury,
and distribute it among the States."
1     Again:
" It never was contemplated that the proceed  of these
[public] lands should in any manner be applied to the local
expenditures of the States; and had a provision for such a
distribution been then insisted on, the  new Constitution
{ would have been formed, as the old Confederation was,
I without the cession of an acre of these lands.    Gentlemen
I attempt to make a distinction  between the revenue from
I customs, from lands ceded by the States, and from those
J acquired by purchase from France and Spain.    Sir, every
dollar in your Treasury is secured by the same constitu-
tional guards; the revenues of the Confederation, and the
lands ceded to it, were all for the same common and con-
federated purposes.    If there be a distinction, it is in favor
of tin; moneys arising from the pioceeds of the lands ceded
by the States, guarantied, as they are. by compacts more
ancient than   the Constitution itself, and which, in Ftriet
good faith, cannot be canceled, even by a constitutional
amendment."
The honorable chairman further denounces the
plan of distribution as a scheme of consolidation.
" A more fatal measure to the States, or a more
certain one to effect consolidation," says he,
" could not be devised." Sir, I will not multiply
these extracts. The speech of the gentleman
must be too well remembered to need such*recital.
It was throughout distinguished for the confident
tone of assertion in which the demands of the
General Government upon the uses of the reve-
nue were to be maintained, and the distinctness
with which he repudiated every scheme for the
distribution of a supposed surplus. And now
let me ask honorable members if, in their judg-
ment, it is proper that this bill, which assumes
that a surplus does and will exist in the Treasury,
and provides for its distribution to a considerable
extent, should be sent to a committee of which
that gentleman is the head, and over which he
is known to exercise a commanding influence ?
What else can come of such reference than a
repetition of the same opinions—a certain report
against the passage of the bill ? He who believes
there will be no surplus must surely decide against
a measure of distribution. Those who hold that
the public revenue derived from the sales of (he
public lands cannot constitutionally be divided to
the States, will feel bound to declare against such
division. The report of the committee may now
be anticipated with as much certainty as it will be
known after it is presented. For myself, I would
as readily, at this moment, vote against the bill
itself as concur in sending it to such an investi-
gation. Sir, it,would be rejected, with or with-
out argument. No new information to the House
would result from the reference. The bill would
go to the committee tp be strangled.   The parlia-
