1836.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. McComas.
Ho. of Reps.
mentarv rult would be violated.   The lamb would
uidft.i be C(.mmitttd to the keep ng r/ the to if
Mi
>kti, I am in ti\o) ot tin  motion of
the gunk mm tiom Kenttuky, [Mr  Wiuiams,]
ti „i\e tins bill   it once to tne I ommittte oí the
\\ noie on the state ot tin I nion     1 bait hefote
uigtd .is acoiiMd i ition di oii\ mg ot legnidtliit,
it it  is to lu   at'td  upon, u  must come to tins
committee it last      1   hue cndtuioitd  to show
th.it it dots not bel m  to t n Committee on Pub-
lu Lands, nor ought it goto  the Committee of
Wiva and Mian , although ot the two a pi efer-
ente bttween tlnse is to be give  to the ioimer,
inasmuch as 1 do not admit tlut that commtttte,
like the lattei, has prtjudgtd the matter, and thus
di^quilihtd itstlt fiom action, by an avowed lios-
t itv to toe measuie.    In the Committte of the
■\V hole, the subject may at once  be  tieely and
full y discussed.   It is no new topic.   It has often,
hen tolorp, been before Coivie&b and the counti y.
The members of this House liave all the inform-
ation wlinh can be elicited fiom the íepoits of
committees, or other public documents, and there
has oten no lack ot argument in debates in foim-
er Congresses to assist then judgment to a right
conclusion     1 he people exptct action      It was
promised   them,  on   the  accession of the pies-
ent Administration, that  whenever   the  public
debt should be paid, the piocteds of the public
lands, the common  property ot the States, sol-
emnly pledged to the  beneht of all, should be
participated in by ali.    The States now anxiously
wait the redemption of this pledge.    They look
to this common fund in aid of great ob|ccts of
public improvement.    If it may not constitu-
tionally, in the opinion of those who have it in
trust, be applied directly by the General Govern-
ment to these purposes, let it be given to those
to whom it belongs, that, through their more im-
mediate agents, the State governments, it may
administer to the occasions, and subserve the
ends for which it was designed.    Let it be made
in some  way to conduce " to the general wel-
fare "                                                                            |
A reference of the bill to either of the standing ,
committees will but too fatally delay its piogress. |
In the present state o( the business before the
House, and at this period of the session, such a
reference would  be equivalent to us rejection.
And do gentlemen intend this'    If so, let them
eorae out boldly, and  before their constituents
take the responsibility of such a vote.    Let them
answer whether, in the eloquent language of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
though differently applied by him, "they are
ready to violate the solemn pledge of the Con-
gress of the Confederation in 1780, before an acre
of these lands was ceded, that they should be
disposed of for the common benefit of the United ¡
States, to be settled and formed into distinct re- |
publican States, and  to abrosate the compacts ,
with New York in 1783, and Virginia in 1784, by
which these lands were ceded as a common fund
for the use and benefit of the United States, to be 1
faithfully and bona fide disposed of for that pur- ,
pose, and for no other use and purpose what-
soever'"    Whether " they are eager to annul the
compacts with Massachusetts, Connecticut, and
South Carolina, in 1785, 1786, and 1787, with
North Carolina in 1789, and, finally, with Geor-
gia in 1802 >"   These are questions of grave im-
port, and in which the State to which I belong,
especially, has a deep and enduring interest.    It
is now quite time that the people knew what to
expect.    It is high time that the States, which
made the cessions of this immense fund of wealth,
this inexhaustible resource of national prosperity,
should learn whether they are to be permitted to
participate in its future benefit.   Now that the
debt of the nation, to which it was originally de-
voted, is paid, it is not unreasonable to ask that
the ulterior intentions of the Government shall
be disclosed on this subject.   Is the faith of the
nation to be kept inviolate to the parties of the
compact'   Are those to whom an interest in the
national domain ha  come as an inheritance to be
suffered to enioy it> Or shall it be withheld until
sectional feelings, the cupidity of avarice, and
the lust of power, may combine to rob the right-
ful owners of its possession'    Mr. Speaker, I
again distinctly repeat that, to my own deliberate
conviction, the delay of Hub bill, by it  reference
to the Committee on Public Ltnds or the Com- I
mittee of Way  and Means, is, and will be, its
vntual unction, and it should be so understood
by the countiy My woid fot it, send it to cither
ot these committees, and there ivill be no írpoit
at the prest tit session, oi,if so, at so late a peiiod
as to fuuiish a pretext for not acting upon it
Admonished .is I am that it is not consistent
with theruks ot parliamentary pioceeding, upon
a pieliinmai y qu< stion, to entei into a considera-
tion of the nients of the bill, I forbear the dis-
cuision. I haie nlieady occupied more time than
I had intended I did not pnticipate in the sev-
eral motions which ha\e been ofleied this morn-
ing, and have spoken without premeditation. I
Shoul I the proper opportunity heieafter be pre-
sented, I shall ask the indulgence of the House
to a further expression of my sentiments, and
what I believe to be those of my constituents, on
the general subject. I conclude, by an eainest
hope that the bill maybe hi ought directly into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and become the ordei of the day at the
earliest period which the more pressing assign-
ments of business will permit, and, at all events,
that it may be definitely disposed of before the
close of the session.                                                   ¡
rOUTIFTCVriON BILL
SPEECH OF HON. W. McCOMAS,
OF VIRGIMA,
In the Hodse of Representatives,
May 10, 1836.
The question pending being the amendment of Mr. Cam-
breleno, to appropriate $7U0,000 for the armament of the
fortifications, in addition to the amount appropriated in the
bill making appropriations for certain fortifications of the
United State  for the support of the Army for the year 1S36—
Mr. McCOMAS said:
Mr. Chairman   It is not my purpose, upon
this occasion, to make a speech, that is, if I un-
deistand the true definition of a congressional
speech.    He said he understood that nothing
could be regarded as a speech in this  House
unless it takes the orator at least three days to
deliver it.  He said, if he was correct in that view
of the subject he could assuie the House that it
was not his intention to make a speech; that what
few remarks he had to make upon the subject
under consideration, he hoped to be able to close
upon this day.    He said it was not his purpose
to enter into a critical examination of the course
pursued by the present Administration, that gen-
tlemen upon this floor had indulged in a wide
range of debate upon all the topics connected with
I the present Administration; that he approved of
many of the measures of the present Adminis-
tration, that in his judgment they would have a
happy effect on the prosperity of the country.
But he said there were others that he disapproved
1 of; that they could not fail, in his judgment, to
have a bad effect upon the happiness of our peo-
ple.     He said he would speak freely of such
measures of this Administration as he approved
of, and that he would speak with equal freedom
in relation to measures he disapproved of.   This
he said he could do without being suspected of
being actuated by party spirit, or of indulging in
political hatred for the President, when it would
be recollected by the House that he was one of
the early and zealous supporters of the President,
and thathe had voted for him three times to fill the
presidential chair, and never, till theremoval of the
deposits, did he materially differ with him in point
of national policy.   And in doing so, he said he
knew that he was incurring a fearful responsi-
bility in coming m contact with the almost resist-
less popularity of the President—a popularity that
had withered the hopes of thousands. Yet a con-
scientious discharge of his duty forbade him to
take any other course; and whatever might be
said by others, he should always regard it as one
of the proudest acts of hia life.    That since he
had the honor of a seat upon this floor, he had
always sustained the Administration when his
conscience told him it was right, but he had, with
all the boldness of an independent statesman,
charged With the legislative functions of a free
people, voted against every measure he deemed
wiong Mi McC said, while he diffcied with
the President on that act of national policy, he
never did foi a single moment doubt the patnotic
motives of the Pitsident He believed him to be
a patriot, and it all times listened to the unmeas-
ured abuse of his motives with more pain than
pleasure. Fie nevct could see any analogy be-
tween the character of Julius Ca;sai, Cromwell,
Bonaparte, Richard theThird, and that of Andrew
Jackson; they, in his opinion, were ottener the
offspring of political rancor than the just deduc-
tions from his (the Piesident's) acts.
Mr. McC  said it was not his purpose to enter
into a critical examination of the life, the charac-
ter, and pretensions of any individual for the rext
Piesidency of the United ¡states    He said it had
nothing to do with the sub]ect now under consid-
eration     The subject of the distribution of the
suiplus revenue is of paramount consideration to
that of the miserable scramble for office    He said
that it was a momentous subject—one, in his
judgment, the right settlement of which involved,
in some measure, the punty of our institutions
and the freedom ot the people. He said an offended
Deity could not inflict upon the simplicity of our
republican institutions a greater curse than an
overflowingTreasury.  Moneyis said,from high
authority,to be theroot ofallevil.  Mr. McC was
free to say that neither of the candidates now in
the field was his choice, and so he informed his
constituents at the time of his election; thathe
promised his constituents to d o nothing that would
have a tendency to take the election from the peo-
ple, in order to bring the election into the House
of Representatives.    But if the election should
devolve upon the House of Representatives, he
would represent the wish of the majority of his
district     But, as an individual, he reserved  to
himself the light of voting for the man he thought
best qualified to represent the people.  But at this
time it was not known what would be the great
line of division between the parties     He would,
therefore, avail himself of all the time allotted to
him to make his selection, as he understood that
the statute of limitations would run against the
opinions of a politician in three months. He could
not be blamed at this time for being non-commit-
tal    He said some gentlemen on this floor seemed
to think every speech made in favor of a distri-
bution of the proceeds of the public lands is in-
tended to injure the election of Mr. Van Buren.
For hia own part, he hoped he had a more holy
object in view.   He had no political rancor in his
heart against the Vice President, and this his
friends will perceive, when they recollect thathe
was one of the legislative caucus in Virginia that
sustained his nomination for Vice President; that
he then thought his enemies said more about him
than was true, and he thinks they do now.   He
said he mentioned this, lest it might be said of
him, as of some others, that he was speaking to
operate on the presidential election, and thereby
prejudice his favorite scheme for dividing the
proceeds of the public lands among the States.
But Mr. McC. said he should feel himself crim-
inal were he to remain non-committal upon the
all absorbing question of the surplus revenue.
He said our country was peculiarly situated at
this time; other nations have great difficulty to
raise money sufficient to carry on the fiscal oper-
ations of their Governments, but the difficulty
With us is, how shall we dispose of our surplus
over and above what we want for the necessary
expenses of the Government >
He said at the commencement of the session
we were in expectation of a French war, which
threatened to swallow up the entire surplusfund,
and he could but think that the dove crossed the
Atlantic a little too soon, with the olive branch,
for the views of some gentlemen on that floor. It
seemed to close up the deepest and broadest ave-
nues that lead to the public Treasury. He said,
while listening to the speeches of the orators on
that floor, he almost imagined that he saw the
bosom of the ocean whitened with the sails of
French vessels of war, pouring a destructive fire
upon our defenseless cities and towrs on the sea-
board, a hostile army already landed, and carry-
ing death and desolation through the land. But
he said he was happy to announce to the Ameri-
can people that he was mistaken; that ail our
