1S36.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
¿4th Cong....1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. McComas.
Ho. of Reps.
nduetion ofihe tautf. He said if hiscolkague, or |
any nnnibti ol the committee,doubted the tiuth of
the position hi u s«niul, ht. would left i thtm to
the Pusidi nt's piotlamation in answei to the
SouthCaiolin ioidin\nte. Thatoulmanee asstrted
tn it the n vi nue laws were unconstitutional, that
Conjriss had no power to colltct taxes but for
rotiiui puipos<s,and that a great poition of the
mom \ colUcttd was not for revenue purposes,
but was raised tor the protection ot domtstic raan-
ulactuies, mat the law was palpably unconstitu-
tional, and being unconstitutional, and in di roga-
tion of the reservid rights of the-States, they de-
c'art d H null and void, wholly mopeiative within
the limits o! South Carolina. How did Gentral
J ickson aiuswi i this argumtnt' He said, by the
Constitution, Congress had the exclusive right
toViise money foi the support ot Government,
they wtretht constitutional judges of the sum
neieasary foi that purpose, and it they collected
more than was ntcessary, it was an abuse of
power, not a usurpation ot powei, not to be cor-
reued by nullification or secession, but at the
polls by the people themstlves, dischaiging their
laithless agents. Ht also declared that resistance
to this law with an armed force was treason.
Mr. McC. said his colltague [Mr G\rland]
had also entered into a long argument to prove
tint the Pitsidtnt had an unlimited right, at his
ow n wul and pK asure, to remove every officei in
the Extcutive Depaitmeiit, upon the giound that
lit was responsible foi then acts, being the head
of tne depaitnient. He had heard the word re
spoiv<ibitUy so fitquemly used that it fell rather
grating upon Instar He w ould like to know in
what sense the Pusidtnt was responsible for the
malversation in office of the subordinate officers
in his dtpartmtnt- Was he responsible by im-
peachment If so, he would like to know why
he wis not impeached for the conduct of William
T. Carry and Obadiah B. Brown in the Post
Office Depirtment No man in the nation ever
thought of impeaching General Jackson for their
conduct. If he could not be impeached for the
conduct of Mr Biiry, how is he responsible for
his acts - He had been told, though he was not
responsible for his acts by impeachment, yet he
was responsible to public opinion.
He said he would like to know what kind of
guarantee tne responsibility to public opinion was
to secure constitutional liberty.    He had always
understood that constitutional liberty was a con- <
ventional right, and could only be secured by
being laid deep in the foundations of law.    He
would like to know of his colleague if he could
find any man who was not under responsibility
to   public opinion.     Julius  Caesar,  Cromwell,
Richard III., and  Bonaparte were all under re-
sponsibility to public opinion.    The Autocrat of
all the Russiasuas under responsibility to public
opinion     The past history of these men prove
how ineffectual such a íesponsibility is to secure
the equal rights of man     He said every jail and
penetentiary was filled with persons responsible
to public opinion.    Yes,  he said, the gallows
had groanfd   under  multiplied  thousands who
were under the same kind of responsibility.   Yet,
he said, that responsibility had not prevented the
jails from bung filled with criminals, nor the gal-
lows to bend with rogues and murderers, nor
has it prevented tyrants from revolutionizing the
best forms of government, and prostrating the
last hopes of a free and happy people.    He said
he did not mean to be understood as intimating
that the President of the United Sutes was a
tyrant, that he had  always regarded him as a
natnot.    He alluded  to it for  the purpose of
showing the absurdity of the argument, when
pushed out to its legitimate consequences.    He
said the words" responsibility to public opinion
has been presented to his mind in the same light
as the word " fanaticism"—a vague uncertainty,
that could not be described, having neither top,
tail, side, nor bottom.    He said the definition of
these terms, when used in the sense supposed by
some, reminded him of an anecdote in relation
to a y oun  egotistical student, just returned from
college, and an old Dutchman.    The student at-
tempted, by way of sport, to play off his schol-
astic acquirements by asking the old Dutchman
astronomical questions.    The old Dutchman said
he presumed he was so well educated that he
could answer any question that could be pro-
pounded to him The student íephed to him that ¡
lie might ask him any question, that he could an- '
swirit The old Dutchman said,his occupation
not being that of an astronomer, but that of a
fanner, he would be glad if he would tell him
how many yards of moonshine it would take to
stake and ndera hundred panel of fence' He
said he should like to have the student's opinion
upon the words constitutional libeity secured bxj
j csponsibihty to public opinion.                                   I
Mr. McC. said that his colleague seemed to
speak with an air of triumph that Geneial Jack-
son had put down the monster that was con-
tiolling the whole monetary system of the coun-
try, and was prostrating the elective fianchise
under its unhallowed feet. This aigument was
entuely out of place; the United States Bank was
dead, and it ought to be permuted to sleep undis-
turbed in its grave.
Mr. GARLAND asked leave to explain.    He
said  that he did  not commence the argument
about the bank, that his remarks were made in
answer to other gentlemen who had preceded
him in the debate, who had referíed to the bank
Mr. McCOMAS said he understood him as
making the attack on  the bank, but, from the
disclaimer, he was bound to believe his colleague;
butothergentlemen had frequently, in the debate,
referred to the fact of putting down the monster.
If the President had put down one monster, he
had   raised  up  another of  more  hideous and
fnghtful form     He has reared on the ruins of
the national bank the beast with the seven heads
and ten horns, extending its fatal fangs to the
vitals of the body-politic.   As a money power, it
was fai more dangerous to the liberties of the
people than a national bank.   The money power
of the country had been cut loose entirely from
the people, and from the agents of the people.
He would ask wheie the public money was'    It
was placed, he understood, in a set of banks
leagued together from one portion of the Union
to the other, beyond the control of any human
being except the executive officers of the Govern-
ment   That, when the public money was placed
in the United States Bank, we could send our
committee, and examine into the state and condi-
tion of the bank.  If any of the provisions of the
charter had been violated, we could bring the
delinquent corporation before the courts of the
country, and repeal its charter   As the case now
stood, the people and their representatives were
sealed up in darkness; they had about as much
knowledge of the state and condition of the public
money as they had of thegeography of the moon.
As matters stood before, the people had clothed
both the President and Congress with power to
watch over the bank, to prevent any injury to the
community.
How stands the case now.' Congress, has no
power to examine into the state and condition of
any of these banks. Nor has the President him-
self the right to issue his scire facias to repeal the
charter of those banks, though they may have
embezzled every single dollar of the public money
and trampled under foot the elective franchise.
If his constituents were to ask him, as their agent,
what had become of their money, and in what
condition the public Treasury was, he would be
at a loss to answer them. He could say that the
Secretary of the Treasury took it from the Bank
of the United States, the only place which Con-
' gress had any control over; that the Secretary of
the Treasury had reported that it was scattered
about in different State banks through the Union;
but whether these banks were safe or sound, he
had no satisfactory evidence; whether the public
money had been lent out to speculators to pur-
chase stocks, or whether it was loaned out to
favorite partisans to speculate in public lands, or
to control elections, he would not say, for he did
not know, nor did he charge the fact to be so;
nor would he say that the public money was un-
safe in those banks, as he did not know, as he
had never had the satisfactory evidence to judge
of that fact before him If he were called to say
to his constituents where he thought they could
obtain the best information on that subject, he
would advise them to consult Mr. Whitney, of
this city; that he had understood that he had
a more intimate acquaintance with the deposit
banks than any other man in the nation. If they
weie to ask him who this Mr. Whitney was, he
would say that he had no personal acquaintance
with him, neither was he known as a Govern-
ment agent, nor was he responsible to any per-
son foi his conduct, that he knew of; yet, from
what he understood, he knew more about the
state and condition of their money in the local
banks than any one man living.
Mr. McC. said he hoped the committee would
not think him impertinent, if he was to make
some inquiry after the long silken purses that
were to be filled with gold, that was promised to
the mechanic and the farmer, that general jubilee
when theyshould be disin thralled fiom the with-
ering curse of the paper system; whenNickBiddle
and his rags should be seen retreating before a
puie metallic currency He wished to know the
truth of these predictions. He said that he had
frequently been amused to hear the bitter denun-
ciations pronounced on panic makers and upon
fa!se prophets on the side of the Opposition. He
wished to know what kind of prophets these
were; were they the only men left on whom the
mantle of Elijah could fall! Were their hearts
the only altars upon which prophetic fires could
bum, and from whose smoking base holy incense
could arise? Were they gods annointed to speak
the truth, when they announced to the Amencan
people the effect of pulling down the national
I bank would be to supply the country with a gold
currency'   Let the facts speak for themselves.
In the year 1832, there were in existence three
hundred and thirty banks; their circulation was
sixty millions In the year 1835, there were six
hundred and four banks; their circulation was
two hundred millions.
He asked if this looked much like returning to
the golden age, when in the year 1835 there was
more than three times as much paper in circula-
tion as theie was in 1832   His colleague had said
that the President had done his duty in relation
to the currency; that he was not omnipotent;
he could not prevent the States from incorporat-
ing as many banks as they pleased.    He was
happy to find that it had been admitted that the
President was not omnipotent, and that it was
possible, in some cases, he mighterr.  He would,
with the leave of the committee, submit a few
questions to his colleague.  Did not the President
know, as well before he commenced his experi-
ment on the currency as he does now, that the
States did possess and exercise the right to char-
ter as many local banks as they pleased >   Did
not the President know before he commenced this
crusade on the currency, that the same, or a sim-
ilar system had failed, after Madison's veto of
the old United States Bank in 1811, when the en-
tire currency of the country became deranged;
when the revolution of fortune was  almost as
frequent as the diurnal motion of the earth; when
the tenure by which people held their property
became unsettled, and in a few years the Govern-
ment itself lost $1,500,000 by broken banks, now
footed up in every annual report of the Secretary
of the Treasury as unavailable funds> He would
ask how, then, has the Executive done his duty?
If to derange the currency and unsettle the tenure
by which we hold our property is the duty of
the Executive, then, he said, the Executive had
done his duty faithfully; for he believed gentlemen
of all parties admitted that, on the day he com-
menced his experiment, our currency was sur-
passed by no currency in the world.    He had
liked to have said that there had been no gold in
circulation eince the removal of the deposits, but
upon mature reflection, he would have been mis-
taken; he understood, during the pendency of the
Pennsylvania elections, that several pieces were
seen in the hands of old Dutchmen, holding them
up by the side of the most ragged United States
Bank note they could find, saying, "Here is Gen-
eral Jackson and the Constitution; here is Nick
Biddle and his marble palace."   I* would aston-
ish the committee to know the effect of this hum-
bug upon the innocent and unsuspecting yeoman-
ry of the country.    It was difficult to convince
many whose location was remote from the seat
of intrigue and political management that gold
would not soot be so plenty that they might have
gold buttons on their pantaloons.   This delusion
was about to vanish away-, a hitherto confiding
