628
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 10,
24th Cono.... 1st Sess.
Fortification Bill—Mr. Mc Comas.
Ho. of Reps.
people were about to rise in their mnirsty, and
h ild their public agents to strict accountability.
A I partus see the dilemma the currency of the
couiinv is likely to get in; they see no way of
escape, the cult open-., and the whole system is
in dangt t ot bonis swallowed up. No wonder
the supporters of the scheme shunk with instinct-
ive honor at the thought of this tag system. No
wonder they ci v out it is Whig Legislatures that
are chartering these banks; it is the Whigs that
must be held accountable for all this mischief.
Tins battery was too weak to shield such a sys-
tem from the retributive justice of un indignant
people.
He said his colleague justified reprisals. His
colleague was the first man, in or out of the
House, that he did hear fully justify that recom-
mendation. Under all the circumstances of the
case, his colleague had at least the mem of going
the whole ho  on that point.
Mr. GARLAND asked leave to explain. He
said thai he had attempted to show that reprisals
were a doctrine sanctioned bv the laws of na-
tions, and not regarded as a declaration ot wai,
and thai he would infoim his colleague that, on
the French question, he had gone the whole hog,
snout and tail.
Mr. McCOMAS said he had understood his
colleague to have swallowed the whole ho?,
snout, tail, and all. As to himself, he perfectly
agreed with the course pursued by our Govern-
ment on that sub|ect, with the single exception
of that recommendation, and that he never blamed
General Jackson for it after he had seen Mr.
Livingston's letter to the Secretary of State on
that sub|ect; that he was certain that letter mis-
led the President on the subject. It was not his
intention to revive that unpleasant controversy;
it was not a proper sublet now for discussion.
But he would say this, that he never would have
voted to give the President, or any other mortal
man, power to make reprisals on French pioperty.
Whenever the honoi of his country shall require
such a measure, he would march up boldly to the
subject, and declare war. His colleague com-
plained that reprisals had been treated as a dec-
laration of war against Fiance. It was no dec-
laration of war, unless France made it war. He
knew that to authorize the President to issue
letters of marque and reprisals, and seize upon
French property on the high seas, and convert it
to our own use, was not a formal declaration of
war. It was no insult for one man to spit in
another's face, unless the man chose to regard it
a« an insult. But what i ight liad we to hope that
France would not take H as an insult, and make
war' Is there anything in the past history of
that nation that justifies a different belief' Is
there a man in America who does not believe, if
reprisals had oeen made on French pioperty,
that at this very moment we would have been
involved in all the horrors of war' He should
always regret that war should have grown out
of this transaction. He had not forgotten that it
was Frenchmen that stood side by side and
shoulder by shoulder with us during the most
gloomy period of the Revolution—a period that
tried the souls of men, when about three millions
of men had staked their lives upon liberty or
death. The history of these times was associated
with his earliest recollections; he could not di-
vpst himself of a kindred feeling for that nation.
He booed that he never should have a heart that
would cease to beat with gratitude for past favors
received at the bands of the French nation, nor a
heart so cold as to impugn the motives that caused
them tocóme toourrescue in thatcntical moment.
It was sufficient for him to know that they had
poured forth their blood and treasure in defense
of liberty, and that they had slept in the same
open and tented fields with our fathers. That it
was gallant Frenchmen that waved the lily of
France in unison with the American eagle, at the
siege of York, when the genius of emancipation
smiled, and the shackles of despotism gave way.
Mr. McC. paused for a moment, and, pointing
to Washington and La Fayette said, Mr. Chair-
man, what would those patriarchs, who appear
in this Hall to be watching ourdaily deliberations,
have said in the moment they were rejoicing over
their success in arms, if they could have looked
forward one half century, and seen their own
sons in the deadly grasp of war' He could
imagine them to exclaim in the language of the
poet:
" Hereafter let me live
c iikiiomi, unset ii,
Cnliiiicntpd li t me die:
Stt.il from the world,
And not n Mnne
Tell where I lie."
Like recording angels, they would have shed
a tear on the declaration of war, and blotted it
from the memory of man.
He should have used all honorable means to
have prevented war, but if his country had been
involved in a war with France or any other na-
tion, he should stand up for his own countiy,
right or wrong; he would be found perishing in
the last ditch.
He would now pay his respects to the honor-
able chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Cimdreleng ] He says lie is op-
posed to a distubution of the surplus fund, be-
cause he said it would rum the people If they
should ever get a tas,te of this fund, it could never
again be wiling fiom thou hands Was this the
doctiine of the great Di niocratic parly in the
United States ' What, sn ' the people who con-
tribute tins money ate not capable to govern
themselves' He did not expect to hear this doc-
trine boldly asserted on this floor, moie especially
by the honorable member from ¡New Yoik, who
may be resraidt d as the gieat apostle of our mod-
ern Democratic pni ty. He nevei expected to hear
it asserted that, if the people should by chance
get a taste of their own money, it would conupt
them, that they would clin  to it so f,ist, that it
could on no occasion be w runs: from thur hands
Supposethat the money can never again be wiung
fiom their hands, does it not lelong to the people'
This was a surplus fund—a fund that the Gov-
ernment hid no claim to. The question now
piesents itself to the countiy, What disposition
ought to be made of this surplus fund, not wanted
for the use of the Government ' Foi lnmt>el(, he
was for putting it buck into the peoplf 's pockets
in the same proportion that it was paid into the
Tieasury. But the gentleman says, no; they
must never taste this fond; if they do, it will
corrupt them. He would inquire wnat was the
doctrine of the veneiable Piesident on that sub-
ject' For the ínfoimatiori of the committee he
would lead an extract from his message of 1830.
He says:
'• And ns «Pn«ible of tt>p groat truth, tint the resource-,
of the ll mon. lift oiid tho-P required lor the immrdi ite iml
ntpes-arj purpo-.es ol Government, c in nowhere beso well
deposit' d ,is in the pockets ot the people "'
It would be seen that the Piesident differed
widely fiom the gentleman fiom New York.
The Piesidtnt seems to think that the people's
pockets are an excellent place to deposit this
money in; but the gentleman thinks that place to
be the last it should go to. If it should gt t there,
it would run them mad, and unfit them for the
eti|oyment of the modern democratic pi inciples.
The President thinks this money must be taken
from the agents, and distnhuted equally among
the puncipals, who are rightfully entitled to it,
for fear that much money embodied in the hands
of the people's agents might tempt them to make
a corrupt use of it. The member fi om New Yoi k
says the disbursing officers of the Government
j must keep this surplus fund; for, if the poor
people, from whose pockets it has been unjustly
| wrung, ever should taste that forbidden fruit,
they, like our fiist parents, would fall from their
i state of primeval innocence, and disgrace the
gieat Democratic pariy; that it would introduce
that odious system of log-rolling in the State gov-
■ ernments. He would ask whether the State
governments are less able to bear the systpm of
log-rollingthflnthisGovernnaent' Are the agents
of the Federal Government more pure than the
agents of the State governments? Are they not
selected from the same common people, subject
alike to the same temptation  The agents of
the Federal Government are exposed to greater
temptation; that about fifty millions of surplus
revenue annually to be sciambled for by the rep-
resentatives of the difft lent interests in the United
States, was far more dangerous to the purity of
this Government than that sum dividtd "into
twenty-six  parts, and  distributed  among the
States, agreeably to Federal population By this
division the danger of corruption is diminished
as one is to twenty-six. The gentleman seems
to ha\e a very tender regaid foi the purity of the
States.
This reminded him of an anecdote he once heaid
of a widow lady and her daughtci: the daughter
was young and handsome, and a gentleman be-
came much smitten with her, and proposed to
addiess her. She, as all prudent young ladiea
should, consulted her mother on the subject.
The old lady said the young man was of bad
moral character, and that her daughter was a
young innocent virgin, and that she did not think
she ought to contaminate herself by such a cor-
rupt association; and closed her paiental advice
by saying, " Daughter, don't take lnm; let your
mother ha\e him." Thegentleman seemed veiy
unwilling to see the States married to this cot rupt
systim; but, like the mothei, says, "Give the
money to us; we aie proof against coiruption 1"
He would say to the gentleman fiom New Yoik,
it this is demociacy m INew Yoik, it is not the
Jeffi i soman docti iiu* of Virginia. The Democrats
of Virginia always tonka stand against Federal
encinachments on the lights of the people. They
did not bt lieve the pockt ts of the offireholdeis
the only sate depositoiy for the people's money.
He said he regielted to see a disposition to ab-
soib the whole surplus fund, right orwrong. If
it bt tiue that, il the people get their own money,
it will corrupt them, he would, if the doctiine of
some statesmen piovailed, congratulate the peo-
ple on their escape from corruption. He would
undtrmile that the people never would get to
smell a cent, Itt alone to taste one. It had been
propostd, by way of extia appropriations, to
spend
$40,000,0(10 for oidnance;
3i),00O,000 for additional fortifications;
40,000,000 for an additional increase of  the
Navy,
60,000,000 for the increase  of the Army or
military branch.
$170,000,000
H< ie, sn, is an increase of the expense of our
Giivi mm  in $170,000,000. To this sum was to
be addid the expense of the Flouda war, and a
propei allowance for bank breaking and a depre-
ciated currency. And then we are told we shall
have no surplus to distribute. He knew that it
was m the powerrtf the Government to waste the
people's money and prevent a distubution, but
the people in due time would piovide for such a
contingency. He was soi ry to find the honoi-
able membir fiom INew York opposed to the
measure, lie knew the weight his name would
have before the countiy, paittculai ly among the
pievailing party of the day. The gentleman
seems to have forgotten that his own State Legis-
lature unanimously recommended this measuie
in 1830; that they weie traveling pari passu with
the President at that day. How is it that at the
eleventh hour they havefoisaken the President
on that subji ct' Mr. McC. said that it was duo
to the Administration to do something. They
had been chaiged with taking the people's money
fiom the custody of the law. They had been
charged with dipoMting it in banks that wete
unsafe. They had been charged with making a
corrupt use of the money for electioneering pur-
poses. It has been chaiged that they are afraid
to distribute the money, tor fear it will break the
deposit banks. He did not pretend to say these
charges were true; but he thought, undei the cir-
cumstances, the Administration was imperiously
called on to do something; that the people would
not rest satisfied, when they had it in their power
to refute these charges and would not.
The gentlemen cannot shield themselves behind
that flimsy battery—that we will not distribute
the surplus from the salts of the public land, but
that we must reduce the tanff; when they know
that the President says, in his annual message,
that the compiomise bill must not be disturbed.
What do gentlemen mean when they talk about
a reduction of duties; particularly his colleague,
[Mr. Garland,] who I hope will not disiegard
the recommendation of the President'
Mr. GARLAND inteirupted Mr McC , and
said that Mr. McC. was mistaken; that the Pres-
