1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
ident had made no such recommendation this
yenr; it was Jast year.
Mr. McCOMAS said that his colleague was
mistaken himself; that the President had made
the same recommendation this year. [The state-
ment of Mr. McC. was confirmed by several
members, and he proceeded.] The measure had
been called Mr. Cut's land bill; the attention of
this House has been called specially to this sub-
ject. Why call it Mr. Clay's lamí bill? What
has Mr. Cut to do with the subject any more
than anv other citizen of the United States? Is
it intended to make a party question of this mat-
ter' Is it mtendtd to settle the principles of the
next Administration by the strength of the pop-
ularity of Andrew Jackson and Hevry Clay?
both about to retire to private life—Mr. Clay a
candidate for no office, and the President having
filled the measure of his country's glory. The
name of Henry Clay might induce some men to
vote against the measure. He had never sup-
ported Mr. Clii for any office, yet, as a western
Virginian, he was always pioud of him as one of
her most talented sons. Though he did not agree
with him tn some of his political measures, yet
he always admired the lofty bearing of the bold
and generous Kentuckian, though he miy be
overwhelmed by the waves of paity, yet, when
these party times shall subside, and the merits of
this man be calmly reviewed, posterity will enroll
his name on the brightest pages of American his-
tory. He will be regarded as one of those rare
spirits that can rise with the crisis, and soar above
party feeling and selfish ambition, and cast oil on
the troubled waves of his distracted country.
Black lines might be drawn around his name, yet
a glorious resurrection awaits him. He will live
imperishable in the affections of every votary of
civil liberty throughout the woild; while there are
many whose ephemeral existence will go down
with the ebbing tide of politics to the shades of
oblivion.
Here Mr. McC. seemed somewhat exhausted,
and several proposed that he should move that
the committee rise; that he could conclude to-
morrow. He said he was already under obliga-
tions to the committee for giving him their atten-
tion for near three hours; he could not think of
trespassing further on their time. Though he
had intended to present some other views to the
committee, yet he found himself too much ex-
hausted, and to accept of an adjournment would
be to violate his pledge, when he commenced, that
he did not intend to make a congressional speech.
He hoped that all parties would unite in this
measure; that, in fact, it was no party measure,
and would not be a party measure unless the Ad-
ministration made it one. It was idle to attempt
to charge the minority with making this a party
question. What interest can a minority have to
make any question a party question ? None, un-
less they wish to insure their defeat. It is the
interest of majorities to make party questions,
that the merits of the matter in dispute may be
lost sight of. He would not believe that this
matter would share that fate till he saw it. Mr.
McC then thanked the committee, and took his
seat.______________________
ABÜSE9 OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT, &c.
SPEECH OF HON. CHILTON ALLAN,
OF KENTUCKY,
In th_ House of Representatives,
May 24, 1836.
On the propriety of reducing the expenses and correcting
the abuses of the Federal Government, and upon the
dangerous advances of Executive power upon the liber
ties of the People, and in reply to Mr. Cambreleno and
Mr. Fbench.
The fortification bill (No. 325) and the propo-
sition of retrenchment offered as an amendment
thereto being before the committee—
Mr. ALLAN said:
Mr. ChairSian: Being in Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, and the grant
of the money of the people for the supply of the
Government, and the proposition for retrench-
inent which I have had the honor to offer, being I
A6uses of the Federal Government, fyc—Mr. Allan.
IIo. of Reps.
the subjects of consideration, the conduct of the
Government in all its depattments,as well as the I
propriety or reducing its expenditure, are rele-
vant and proper topics of discussion in this pres-
ent debate.
The effort that has been made to curtail the
freedom of speech, and to exclude amendments
from the appropriation bills during the piesent
session, is one of the remarkable signs of the
times.
From the earliest date of British liberty free
discussion was allowed on money bills. The
public purse being in the hands of the Commons
was the gieat pnnciple of English liberty. It
was the effectual engine by which the Commons
maintained the authority of the people in the
Government, and restrained the power of the
King. The supply bills have ever been the field
upon which the battles between liberty and power
have been fought. Yet, in the Amencan Re-
public, when power is thrusting its eager hands
into the pockets of the people, their Represent-
atives are rebuked for íesistance, and denounced
for the exercise of the biithright of every fiee-
man. But, as we have already bountifully sup-
plied the demands of power with millions, we
have at length arrived at the point wlieie, by
common consent, it is agreed to be a fit and
proper occasion for a full and free expression of
opinion on our public affairs.
Having on another subject given my views on
the surplus revenue, the national defenses, and
the couise of the present Administration, at pres-
ent, before I pioceed to the consideration of the
plan of tetrenchment, I will confine myself to a
desultory glance at sreneral principles and piac-
tices and arguments which the public good re-
quires should be exposed.
Sir, in self-defense I feel it to be my duty to
describe the organization of this House, the mode
of proceeding, and the effect of the previous ques-
tion. All this is so very different from legislative
proceedings in Kentucky that it is necessary the
people there should be made acquainted with the
course of business bore, to enable them to judge
whether their immediate Representatives have I
done their duty.                                                          '
In this I do not intend to cast any individual
censure on the Speaker of the House, for he has
treated me on all occasions with courtesy and
politeness; in the appointment of committees he
lollowed paity practice. In the Kentucky Legis-
lature every member can introduce any proposi-
tion, or get leave to bring in a bill on any proper
subject he may desire, and can have a committee
appointed favorable to the proposition, so that
its friends may make it in as perfect a form as
they can before it is brought before the House;
and there the yeas and nays can be had, and the
people be infoimed how every member voted.
This is fair legislation—every portion of the peo-
ple fairly heaid, and responsibility fairly secured
in conformity with the ancient reasonable law of
parliamentary proceeding.
Here, by our rules, no member can get leave
to bring in a bill; the business of the House has
all to pass through and receive the sanction of
the standing committees. These standing com-
mittees, appointed at the commencement of every
session by the Speaker, upon strict party prin-
ciples, are the channels through which every
measure is brought into this House. The Com-
mittees of Ways and Means, Foieign Affairs,
Military Affairs, Public Lands,and the Judiciary,
are the principal doors by which every question
enters this House. On each of these committees
there are placed three Opposition members and
six for the Administration—two for one. Of
1 course the Opposition have no voice to bring I
forward anything. The majorities of these com-
mittees decide the fate of all the important meas-
ures of the session. Whatever they recommend
comes into the House under the sanction of the
Administration and of " the party," and is voted
through as a matter of course; whatever they
report against, is voted down with equal cer-
tainty.
The effect of this party organization of the
House prevents any member of the Opposition
fiom bringing forward an original proposition;
and the previous question is used so as to prevent
direct votes on amendments to bills which may
be pending. For example, on the other day,
when the general appiopnation bill was 1  foie
the Committee of the Whole, my fmnd fiom
Virginia [Mr. Mercer] off( red an amendment to
divide the prorteus of the public lands,and to
limit the cost of the custom-house m the city of
New York to $5(10,000. The prev ions qui stion
was called, and the amendment out off, no ques-
tion bting taken on the amendment; the question
being, accoiding to our pieposterous rules, on
the passage of the bill. So that, by the paity
organization of the House, and the fiequeiu use
of the gag-law, the pievious question, the domi-
nant party can not only prevent the minority
from getting a fair and diiect vote, by yeas and
nays, but they can so involve their couise in
mystery as to evade responsibility, and " dodge
what questions" they may not choose to recoid
their votes upon.
In the Committee of the Whole on the general
appropriation bill, as the only oppoitumty of
bringing forward the measure, I offeied the prop-
osition foi retrenchment; but in the House, to
avoid a direct vote upon it, the previous question
was called, and the journal dots not show who
was for nnd who against it
But, sir, th.u the countiy may undeistand the
sul jeU, I lia\e offered the piopositinn a second
turn , and call upon the House to take the vote
by ytus nnd nays. And if tins question is again
"dodged" by the previous question, let it be dis-
tinctly understood that those who vote for the
previous question are neainst the reduction of the
expenses of the Government.
The effect of these modes of proceeding, to in-
volve the course of the members in mystery, and
to evade tesponsibility, is manifest fiom another
view of the subject. A paity has been in power
more than seven yeais, the members of which
have been professing all the while a desne to
amend the Constitution, so that members of Con-
gress should be rendered ineligible to Executive
appointments. They have all the time expressed
a desire to reduce the expenses of the Govern-
ment. They now have a majority, they say, of
about forty in this House, and yet they cannot
show by the Journals that they have ever voted
for any one of these propositions.
My colleague and friend (Mr. Underwood]
broughl in.eaily in the session, a resolution pre-
senting all these constitutional amendments, yet
we cannot either get to discuss or vote on them.
Under the party organization of the House and
the perverted use of the previous question, it is
impossible for my colleagues or myself to have
discussed and voted on the great measures upon
which the people of Kentucky desire to see the
action of Congress
I will make allusion to another subject charac-
teristic of the times It has become a part of a
geneial scheme to delude and mislead the public
mind, for " the party " to assume that these meas-
ures are identified with the honor and glory of
the country; and every one who dares to oppose
any one of these plans, however unwise it may
be, is denounced as an enemy to his country.
Let us see how ume and íeason and experience
expose this arrogant folly.
In the year 1834, all who were not for reprisals
against France were proclaimed to be enemies to
this country. On the last night of the last ses-
sion, all who íefused to vote three millions of
money, to be used at the discretion of the Piesi-
dent, and in cleai violation of the Constitulion,
were denounced as the allies of France. Now,
all the world plainly sees that rf íeprisals had
passed, and the money voted, we should now
have been in the midst of a French war. It is
now evident to all that those who prevented re-
pasáis and refused to vote money preserved the
peace and honor of the country.
Among the signal blessings which a gracious
Providence has showered upon our country, none
is greater than such a national Senate, given at
such a time—a body of the greatest men the
world ever saw con^iesated m a legislative hall.
Their debatís for the last five vtais will he read
with enthusiasm as long as liN rtv nnd genius
shall live. In futuie ages they will becon e a
political text-book among the friends of coi s i-
tutional freedom when all the selfish piojects of
the present day, for the obtamment of money
