632
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Abuses of the Federal Government, fyc.—Mr Allan.
Ho. of Reps.
and it has been determined to make war on the
Treasury, to keep the people out of any share of
the surplus, what do we behold? Three bills de-
pending before this Hou^e; the one now under
consideration for the sum of $3,772,053, and the
two bills reported from the Committee on Mili-
tary AfFiirs for new fortifications, for the sum of
$2,503,800 more, making, in all, the sum of
$6,225,858! The sum proposed now tobe appro-
priated at this session is nearly half as much as
lias been appropriated for fortifications for the
last twenty years.
The average annual amount for the naval ser-
vice heretofore has been a fraction less than three
and a half millions. The annual naval bill of
this session which has passed this House is for
$6,235,307. From the above indications, it is
evident that fedeial power, intrenched in the
strong ramparts of the Treasury, is determined
there to make its stand, until it triumphs in the
battle of the succession, or expends every dollar
in that conflict.
Sir, I disagree with my colleague in the warm
approbation which he has expressed for the fortifi-
cation bill now before you. It is without example
for its prodigal extravagance; and unnecessary,
because the enormous amount cannot be expended
during the year.
During the year 1834, when labor was compar-
atively cheap and easy to be procured, only the
sum of $475,617 could be expended out of the
appropriation of $870,594 for fortifications.
Of the fortification bill of this session $700,000
is for arming the fortifications. The annual
appropriation heretofore for this last object was
$100,000.
There is in the Army bill of this year the sum
of $200,000 for the armament of the fortifications,
which has already passed; and the amendment
now pending, and to which my colleague has
pledged his support, is for $700,000 more, mak-
ing in all $900,000, in place of the $100,000 here-
tofore annually applied to this purpose. I do not
see the necessity of making this appropriation
nine fold more than has ever been required here-
tofore, even by this Administration. As all
former experience has proven the impracticability
of expending the sums demanded at this session
upon the public works in the year, there can be
no other object in the extravagant appropriations
proposed than to make such a disposition of the
public money as to defeat the land bill. Sir,
why are you about to depart from all former
usage at this particular time? Why signalize the
year 1836 with a prodigality that will swell the
expenses of the Government millions beyond even
the excesses of the last seven years ? Is it pos-
sible that Congress will swing the doors of the
Treasury wide open, and pour out the public
money agreeably to the new demands of power
at the approach of a presidential election ? For
the Army, Navy, and fortifications, nearly ten
millions are demanded for this year more than
the last.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Cam-
breleng] gave us notice several times that he
intended to speak upon the surplus revenue and
expenditure. I was anxious to hear him on
these subjects, for I supposed he would avail him-
self of the occasion to explain to the country why
he had delayed so long to bring forward a bill for
retrenching the expenses of the Government and
the number of Federal offices, agreeably to his
famous report of 1828, upon the adoption of
which he and his friends then thought, or pro-
fessed to think, that the very salvation of the
country depended. But when the gentleman came
to speak, here membered to forget his pledge of
retrenchment, which is now eight years old. He
must be excused; he has been so busily engaged
during this session in preparing bills to increase
the number of offices and the salaries in all the
Executive Departments, that he has not had time
to explain the reasons of his failure to comply
with his retrenchment pledge.
He commenced his speech by showing that if
the President's wise and just recommendation in
1829, to give the public domain to the new States,
jn whose boundaries it was situated, had been
complied with, we should not now have been
troubled with a surplue revenue. The public
domain was purchased by the blood and treasure
of all the States for the common use and benefit
of all. Virginia conveyed her vast possessions
to the United States for the benefit of all the
States, herself included; and yet the gentleman
contends that it would be just towards Virginia
and the other States for Congress to take the
common property from all the States, and divide
it among a few of them. This agrarian scheme,
prostrating as it does every idea of justice and
policy, the gentleman knows full well will never
be adopted. But the delusion has answered
the purpose for some time, and may a little
while longer, of raising expectations in the new
States which they will never realize, and of
casting their political influence in the scale that
holds out the promise. The idea of robbing one
State of its property to bestow it on another had
its origin in political designs, and will end in
political designs; for such a scheme can never
succeed unless the people become deranged. It
will turn out like the promise of retrenchment and
reform. The plain English of both promises was
artifices to get votes and political influence.
The gentleman next proceeded to pronounce
the legislation of 1816, which has paid off the na-
tional debt and filled the Treasury to overflowing,
unwise and imprudent, and stoutly maintained
that if the public money was divided it would
corrupt the States! The gentleman seems to
have all sorts of horrors at the idea of the corrup-
tion which the use of their own money would
spread among the people; but the gentleman has
no fears that the public money will corrupt the
officers of the executive government, who now
have it in their hands against law, and are using
it in violation of law. There is no danger of its
corrupting the pet banks, and brokers and stock-
jobbers of New York, who now have more than
i twelve millions of the people's money without
interest! There is no danger that they will either
use this money in political bribery, or for the
unholy purpose of grinding the poor and needy!
' There is no danger of millions of this money
being loaned to political favorites to speculate in
Indian reservations! There is no daneer that
forty millions of public money thus used will
transfer the property of the country into a few
hands, and build up a lordly aristocracy among
us! There is no danger that the present opera-
tions of the Federal Treasury will make a single
city the mistress of the commercial operations of
the whole country, and subject every portion of
the Union to enormous exactions in the forms
of discounts and exchanges! There is no danger
that the labor of the people will have to pay trib-
ute in the brokers'shops in this engulfing com-
mercial emporium! No, sir; the honorable gen-
tleman apprehends no danger from any use of
the public money except its division among the
, people, to whom it belongs, and there he thinks
it would spread universal corruption.
I To save the Democracy from corruption, the
gentleman, with the most disinterested views in the
icorld, holds on to the surplus revenue with the
grip of death; he will keep it snugly in New
York. And here, sir, I will notice one instance
of the use of a portion of the public money in
that city. The Manhattan Bank, which was
smuggled into existence by fraud, has a perpet-
ual charter; of the stock, an Engl'sh nobleman
owns over six hundred thousand dollars. This
bank held on the 1st of February $3,067,000 of
the people's money on deposit, which, at legal
interest, produces $214,690 annually; of which
the Marquis of Carmarthen receives $70,000 for
his share of the spoils. And this is done for the
very laudable purpose of keeping the money from
corrupting the people. A few years ago we were
informed by the gentleman and his friends that
it was very improper to let foreigners hold stock
in the United States Bank, although they paid
the Government a large bonus for the privilege.
Now, we are informed by the same gentleman
that it is very proper that foreigners should hold
stock in this pet bank, without paying any bonus,
and have the use of the money of the people of
this country gratis, in the bargain.
After the honorable gentleman had shown and
condemned the means by which the surplus in
the Treasury had been produced, and shown how
its division would corrupt the States, he straight-
way denied that we would have any surplus what-
I am glad the gentleman
ever to divide. He fell to work on the Treasury,
and soon had it bankrupt. The $4i),000,000 dis-
appeared under the operation as fast as the num-
ber of F.ilstaff's assailants in Kendal green.
I will give a specimen or two of how the gen-
tleman got clear ofthe surplus. In the first place
he stood up here, in presence ofthe assembled
Representatives of the people, and contended
with a grave face that the seven millions of stock
which the Government owns in the Uinted States
Dank was not safe, and that, in reckoning our
means, we ought not to count that fund ! So
the honorable gentleman strikes $7.000,000 out
of the account. He next striki s out $5,000,000
to pay for the Florida war with a few hundred
Indians. This is more than twice as much as
was expended in all the Indian wars ofthe West
from 1774 to 1795. And then the gentleman took
out $10,000,000 to pay for a war that is to occur
hereafter, but did not tell us where. But, after
getting clear of $22,000,000, there was still alargo
surplus on his hands, which he did not know
what to do with, when his friend and colleague
[Mr. Gillet] flew to his assistance, with a
scheme to spend $22,000,000 more, to buy mus-
kets for the militia.
Mr. GILLET rose and said that he did not
propose to take that sum; that he had said it
would require that amount to arm the whole
militia, but that his proposition extended only to
a part.
Mr. ALLAN. Sir,
does not want the whole sum now. These in-
stances will show how the Treasury was to be
emptied. From the gentleman's assertion, that
there will be no surplus in the Treasury, I will
appeal to official documents. In my statement
on the 21st of March last, as to the amount ofthe
public funds, I referred to the returns from the
Treasury which had then come in, and I did not
include the bank stock. By subsequent reporta
from the Secretary, it appears that there are now
in the Treasury $38,000,000. The Government
stock in the Bank of the United States is worth
$8,000,000. Estimated receipts to 1st of January
next, $24,000,000, making, in the aggregate,
$70,000,000. Admit that the extravagant spirit
that now bears rule should at this session swell
the appropriations to the unexampled sum of
$35,000,000, still there will be in the Treasury,
on the 1st of January next, $45,000,000, allowing
that there will be in the Treasury at that time
$10,000,000 of unexpended balances. Now I
should like the gentleman to descend from the
airy region of imagination, and show any error
in this calculation.
In prosecuting hostilities against the Treasury,
the gentleman makes a most vigilant war minis-
ter. Whenever he wants a large sum of money,
he forthwith waxes exceedingly valiant, and
becomes warlike; but, to do him justice, during
almost the whole of last session he was as civil
and as peaceable a gentleman as any one could
wish to live by; and only a few days before the
close of the session, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, he made the most
sensible speech I ever heard him make, and ns
sensible a one as I ever heard any one make. It
was short, and to the point; both very rare merits
in this Hall.
The venerable and learned gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] called upon him to
know why he had not made a report upon our
relations with France. I remember the identical
words of the reply, for they struck me at the
time. The gentleman rose and said, " as we
intend to do nothing, we think it prudent to say
nothing." I admired the excellence of this speech,
because it is not uncommon in the world to hear
men play the braggart, and gasconade, and talk
big, just in proportion as they intend to do
nothing. But notwithstanding this prudent, pa-
cific speech, on the very next night the gentle-
man fell so violently into one of his belligerent
ways, that it broke out in a peremptory demand
for three millions of money, and he became so
moody because he could not get the whole sum,
that he would not have a part, and exhorted his
friends not to answer to their names when they
were called, to prevent a quorum from voting, to
enable him to withhold from the House the re-
port  of  the  committee  of conference.    I   was
