634
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Abuses of the Federal Government, 8fc.—Mr. Allan.
Ho. of Reps.
that " the Chief Magistrate of a great and power-
ful nation should never indulge in party feelings;
that his should be liberal and disinterested, bear-
in0, in mind that he acts for the whole, and not
for a part, of the community." This celebrated
letter was written ¿n 1816, and was republished
in all the papers of the party throughout America,
while GeneralJackson was electioneering for the
office of Chief Magistrate, as containing the prin-
ciples and pledges upon which he would admin-
ister the Government, if elected. Now, that
every principle and pledge in this letter have
been violated; that all appointments have been
made with a view to party; that every man in the
nation has been proscribed who did not belong to
the party; that the monster called party spirit, so
far from being crushed, has scattered throughout
the land firebrands of discord, and caused party
passions to blaze with increased fierceness, are,
truths that no one questions.
My colleague, perhaps, did not observe that all
the members of his party, in their speeches, pru-
dently went round the Monroe letter; that, upon
this subject, they were as silent as the tomb. Per-
haps he did not know that, for the last five years,
not one was found in this House who ventured to
deny that every principle and pledge in the Mon-
roe letter had been disregarded in practice. If
my colleague had observed these things, he would
not have taken a post which had been abandoned
by every one; he would not have undertaken the
defense of his party upon a point where he can-
not find a single man that will stand by his side.
But as the gentleman entered the lists, not to
sustain the rights of his constituents, but to de-
fend his party, he had a chance of showing his
zeal, if not his discretion, in taking up the Mon-
roe letter; and if he has not been able to reconcile
the professions and practices of his party, it has
afforded him a notable occasion to show the
strength of his devotion. But let us see what
the gentleman has made of the letter. The point
in issue was between the profession that, in the )
selection of public officers, party and party feel-
ing should be avoided, and the practice which ,
selected none but partisans. In the very first i
move my friend bears off from this issue, and
turns to other parts of the letter, upon quite dif-
ferent subjects, and discourses about western
lands and Indians, the public debt, &c.,&c; but
when the gentleman got back from his irrelevant
digression, as he could not prove the consistency
between the President's profession and practice,
he boldly abandons the profession, and justifies
the practice.
In his advice to Mr. Monroe, General Jackson
said:
'•Everything depends on the selection of your Ministry.
In every selection, party and party feelings should be
avoided."
My colleague said:
" Ml statesmen, of all parties, concede the right to the
Presulent to select from the rim/cs of his political friends the
heads of Departments. How can two uulli together except
they be agreed 1"
The gentleman's tone has altered. In 1828,
when he was electioneering for the office of elect-
or, he eulogized General Jackson for the elevated
and liberal principle that, in the selection of the
heads of Departments, party should be avoided.
Now he says all statesmen agree that the Depart-
ments should be filled with partisans. That the
gentleman should move in opposition to his own
professions in 1828, in the (ace of the principles
of the President, contained in the letter which he
held in his hand, should say that all statesmen,
of all parties agree that Cabinet ministers should
be partisans, is but the beginning of the difficulty
in which he has involved himself by undertaking
to make a whole-hog defense of the Administra-
tion.
My colleague then proceeded, in direct opposi-
tion to what he had advanced in the sentence
before, to say: " It is true, sir, that all the citi-
zens of the United States are equally eligible to
office, and entitled to equal benefits from the Gov-
ernment;" and went on to prove that equal jus-
tice had been done to all parties in. the distribu-
tion of offices. He said that he had inquired of
the most intelligent citizens of this city, and had
been informed by them that the Opposition have
their due  proportion of offices throughout the
Union. I should have been pleased if my friend
had given the names of his witnesses. 1 should
like to know if they are not officeholders, in the
receiot of the spoils. I very much regret that a
statesman from Kentucky should have been re-
duced to the necessity of making such an inquiry
in this city, and of founding a grave argument
upon the testimony of witnesses whose names
he has thought proper to keep to himself. Does
not everybody know, as well as the gentleman's
nameless witnesses under the eaves of the palace,
what is the truth on the subject? What is the
question ? It is this: In the appointment of pub-
lic officers, " have characters been selected most
conspicuous for their probity, virtue, capacity,
and firmness, without regard to party," agree-
ably to the solemn pledge which had been given,
and upon the faith of which the present Chief
Magistrate was elected ? Now, my friend knows
perfectly well, what every one knows, that no
individual has been selected to fill office but a
devoted partisan; yet he goes into the purlieus of
the palace to inquire for information. If the gen-
tleman did not know, he ought to have consulted
the public records; there he would have found
who had been appointed home and foreign min-
isters, judges of courts, and to all the offices in
the nation. But when the gentleman leaves his
Washington city testimony, and relies on his
own knowledge, and takes a range throughout
the land to find instances to prove that, in the
selection of public officers, no regard has been
had to party, he has found two signal cases in
the western country, both of which occurred in
the county in which I live.
He says that Colonel Coleby H. Taylor and
James Pace, Opposition men, were appointed post-
masters by this disinterested and liberal Admin-
istration. The gentleman has been very unfortu-
nate in his allusion to the post office patronage in
Clark county, as will appear in the sequel. I
would not myself have voluntarily made any allu-
sion to the subject; but as it has been introduced
for the purpose of proving that, in the appoint-
ment of public officers, this Administration has
had "no regard to party or party spirit," the
whole truth must come out. The post office at
Colonel Taylor's is in the county where no Jack-
son man lives. The office yields no profit of con-
sequence. Colonel Taylor did not take the office
with any view of making money; he is a very
obliging gentleman, and agreed to take the office
merely with a view to accommodate his neigh-
bors. The office at Pace's was in all respects
similarly situated. These being the only cases
in the whole western country that the researches
of my friend could find where Opposition men
had received appointments from this Administra-
tion, could any thing prove more clearly how hard
he was pressed, than to be compelled to refer to
two such instances to prove impartiality ? But
even here the gentleman is mistaken. As he
thought proper to bring up these two offices in a
grave argument in Congress to prove that, in the
appointment of officers, this Administration had
no respect to party, I addressed a note of inquiry
to Mr. Kendall, and here is his answer. He
says Colonel Taylor was appointed postmaster
on the------day of------, 182G, throe years before
| the  commencement of General Jackson's first
term.
;     Mr. FRENCH rose to explain, and said that
he had been led into the error by information
. which he had received in Clark county, where
| he was well acquainted; that he had not inten-
tionally made the misstatement; but,upon inquiry
of Mr. Kendall, he had found that Mr. Thomas
Edminson had also been appointed to a post office,
who was an Opposition man; so that, although
he was mistaken as to Colonel Taylor, yet he
was right as to the number.
Mr. ALLAN. Sir, I am very sure that the
statement in regard to Colonel Taylor's appoint-
ment was made under a mistake; and I take this
occasion, with great pleasure, to bear witness
that my colleague is incapable of making an in-
tentional misstatement on this or any other sub-
ject. Yet it appears to me, in fairness, the gen-
tleman ought to have stated that Air. Edminson
and Mr. Pace lived in the same house at different
times, and had been appointed for the same office,
I and that there was no Jackson man at the place
|' to appoint. I am informed by Mr. Kendall that
this office was discontinued last fall, because no
one would have it. The whole income of tho
office, for the year 1835,wasseventecn dollars. So
that the only case that the diligent researches of
my friend could find to prove that this Adminis-
tration had reduced to practice, in good faith, the
advice, which General Jackson gave to President
Monroe, is the bestowal of a country post office,
where no one lived but the postmaster, that was
worth five dollars and sixty-one cents per annum!
being thirty-three per cent, on seventeen dollars.
As to Colonel Taylor, the liberality was not in the
appointment, but in the forbearance to turn him
out; and this forbearance is owing to the fact that
there is no one of" the party" at Coleby ville to
take the place of the present incumbent.
Now that the office at Pace's has been aban-
doned, my colleague must turn his admiration to
the signal forbearance practiced towards Colonel
Taylor as the remaining monument left to illus-
trate the liberality of this Administration, and to
prove that "the Chief Magistrate of a great and
powerful nation actefor the whole, and net for a part
of the community."
The only post office in Clark county that was
profitable when "the party" came into power,
was held by Mr. J. B. Duncan, a gentleman of
the very first respectability, and perfectly well
I qualified; whose unoffending and amiable man-
j ners enabled him to discharge the duties of the
office to the entire satisfaction of all parties. Mr.
Duncan, during the late war, shouldered his rifle,
and fought in the battles of his country. My
colleague has known Mr. Duncan intimately for
i i more than twenty years, and will not deny the
j statement I have made concerning him.   He will
|' go further; he will agree that there is not a more
]' worthy man in the county of Clark, nor one bet-
; ter qualified for the office, than Mr. Duncan. He
will agree that there is not an officer in the United
States who gave more universal satisfaction in the
discharge of the duties of his office than did Mr.
Duncan. But Mr. Duncan had committed the
unpardonable sin of having voted against the
President, and for this sin he was punished by
removal from office, and a worthy young man
placed in the office, as a reward for the partisan
services of influential relatives.
Now that the committee have the whole of the
facts on the subject, they can judge how far the
post office patronage in the county of Clark was
used, regardless of party and parly sp'nit.
All others, except my colleague, had prudently
, passed in silence the letter of the President to the
Tennessee Legislature, but he has thought proper
to reproduce that letter, where General Jackson
states, in substance, that if important appoint-
, ments continue to devolve on members of Con-
gress, corruption will become the order of the day.
Since which time, as President, he has appointed
such a large number of members of both Houses
to tho highest offices, as to draw between five and
six hundred thousand dollars from the Treasury
for their salaries. This inconsistency between
profession and practice being so glaring as to
deter all other debaters from attempting to recon-
\  cile them, did not in the least stay the zeal of my
, colleague in his determination to defend the Ad-
ministration at all points.    And to get out of the
1  difficulty, he said:
" Suppose, Mr. Chairman, General Jackson, in that letter
had susgested to the Legislature of Tennessee an amend-
ment to the Constitution, by which the President of the
, United States should be deprived of having any voice in
the passage of laws by Congress, by which the power that
now makes it his duty to approve and sign bills passed by
i Congress before they have the force of laws should be taken
away forever. Suppose, also, the General, after having
given this opinion, had been elected President of the United
, States, and that he had refused to approve and sign bills
passed by Congress, upon the ground that he had given to
the Legislature of Tennessee the opinion that the President
i ought not to have such power. Sir, in the case supposed,
the President would have been impeached and removed
from office, if he had refused to approve and sign bills upon
the ground stated, when, by the Constitution, it was Ins
sworn duty to do so ; he would have deserved impeach-
ment and removal from office. What, then, I ask, is the
ditTerence in principle between the case supposed and the
case in the letter ? The amendment suggested in the letter
ha-i never been made to the Constitution."
Thus spoke my colleague; and if he really can
see any similitude between the case supposed and
: the profession in the letter, I will not stop to rea-
li son with him, as it is not probable that another
