1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Abuses of the Federal Government, fyc.—Mr. Allan.
Ho. of Reps.
bers of Congress ineligible to Executive appoint-
ments; by abridging the veto power and the power
of removal, and by disconnecting the Executive
and the Treasury and the public press; but, as
the opportunity of voting on these propositions
is now denied me, I will agitate the question of
the curtailment of power in an effort to reduce
expenditure.
1 shall proceed to show how retrenchment will
reduce power, and in what manner it will have a
tendency to change the Government back from a
Government of men to a Government of laws.
Your army of public officers draw such enormous
sums from the Treasury that they would be able
at any time of emergency, by devoting fifteen or
twenty per cent, on the amount of their salaries,
to raise a fund sufficiently large to enable them
to distribute thousands to carry elections. The
reduction of these exorbitant salaries would cer-
tainly to that extent impair the power of the ;
General Government which is thus brought into
conflict with the freedom of the elective franchise.
It is high time to admonish these officers, by re-
ducing their pay, to leave elections to the people,
and stay in their offices and attend to their duties.
The members of Congress, when they see the
general tendency to extravagance, and the evil ■
effects of it, ought to be willing to commence
with themselves, and set the example by reducing
their own compensation. In this way, they will
afford the most convincing proof of their desire
of carrying the Government back to republican
simplicity and frugality. In showing a willing-
ness to share the fate of others, they can, with a
greater probability of success, urge a general
system of retrenchment and reform in the public
expenses. If we pass the amendment which I
have offered, it will reduce the expenses of the
Government more than a million dollars annually;
and if we are to have as many wars as the gen-
tleman at the head of the Committee of Ways
and Means has discoursed about, they will fur- i
nish additional reasons for saving money. I hope j
all the officers of the Federal Government, from ;
the President down, will be willing to give up a
part of their salaries to pay the poor soldiers for
fighting our battles.                                                    \
But there is still another more important view
of the subject. The salaries of the Federal offi-
cers are so far above those paid by the States,
that it will not be possible for the State govern-
ments to maintain their proper influence and
weight in the Confederacy. This central mag-
nificent power rises up with honors and emolu-
ments that so far overshadow the States that they
are sunk into provincial obscurity. This central
asency contains the high sources of attraction.
Hence the thronging thousands that continually
crowd the streets of this capital to solicit power J
and money at the President's palace. Here is one
great source of the President's dangerous power
—the vast multitude over whose minds and free-
dom of thought he exercises control; for absolute
submission to all the requirements of party is
known to be the price of success.
To cure these evils, to restore and build up the
power of the States, to revive the independence I
of thought and action, let us cut down Federal
honors and Federal salaries to the size of those
of the States; let us make official employments
about as profitable as the common pursuits of
life, then men will not be tempted to quit the
service of the States and the independence and
freedom of private stations, and become courtiers
at the footstool of Federal power.
Sir, we have raised a portion of our public
officers too far above the people. They have
been elevated to a point of exaltation where hu-
man vanity becomes giddy, and forgetful of the
rightful source of power. Our head men, upon
their $6,000 per annum, in their eagerness to
adopt the manners of European aristocracy, have
forgotten the plain republican style of living of
American -citizens. The President and five of
his home ministers receive as much as the Gov-
ernors of the twenty-four States'. The twenty-
four Governors preside over the concerns of fif-
teen million people, their duties extending to all
the complicated relations of life; while the duty
of this central agency is restricted to general
superintendence. Yet the amount of compensa-
tion seems to be increased in proportion as the
labor is less.   Five home and one foreign minis-  j
ter receive more than the chief justices of the ,
twenty-four States; yet the labor of these six i
ministers is but a drop in the ocean in compari-
son to the duties performed by the twenty-four
judges.    The President alone receives as much
as the Governors of sixteen o( the States.
It appears, from the secret history of the de-
bates in the Federal Convention, that Dr. Frank-
lin was  of opinion   "that tht Executive should !
receive no salary,.stipend, or emolument for the devo- \
Hon of his time to the public service, but that his
expenses should be paid."   The great experience   .
and sagacity of Franklin enabled him to foresee   :
what has already come to pass, that if a princely   |
support was provided for the President, an ex-  ¡
ample would be set in his stylo of living which
would be followed by all subordinate  officers,   I
until extravagance and degeneracy would ruin '
the public service.   President Washington seems
to have entertained the same views; he refused to   :
receive any compensation for his services above
his expenses; and his plain, republican style of
living is well described in  the memoirs of the   ,
celebrated Chateaubriand, who visited Washing- ,
ton in 1791.    He says:                                              ¡j
" A little house, of the English construction, resembling j
the houses in lis neighborhood, was the palace of the Pres- ¡
identof the United Stales; iioguards, no valets. I knocked, '
a servant girl opened the door," Sic.                                     ¡
How delightful and refreshing it is to turn from j
the scenes around us, to contemplate the profound
forecast and philosophical views of Franklin, and
the citizen-like simplicity of the example left us
by Washington ! How striking is the contrast!
Now, a splendid palace towers in regal magnifi-
cence far above many of those inhabited by the
monarchs of Europe; and the President's hos-
pitality is as sumptuous as the pampered epicures ,
who doze away a worthless existence at the
Courts of Asiatic despots could wish. This pal-
ace, according to the notorious east room letter,
was, in the administration of Mr. Adams, fur-
nished in such splendid style as to shock the
sensibility of a republican. Yet this reforming
Administration, not satisfied with the costly dec-
orations which were then the theme of Demo-
cratic denunciation, has expended the unexam-
pled sum of $45,000 in the purchase of new
furniture, which throws all that preceded it far
into the shade. In addition to this, the President
receives an annual salary of $25,000. In attempt-
ing to make a President, we have made a monarch
in fact.
In all the forms of Government that have been
tried, the Executive power has been found too
strong, and, in the long run, has swallowed up
all other powers.    It is taking the direction here
which was anticipated by many at the adoption
of the Constitution; and now, in the bitterness of
their disappointment, the most ardent of the ori-
ginal friends of a strong Executive see fast accom-
plishing the predictions of Patrick Henry, and
many other sages of his day.   Among all the
I votaries of liberty, it is an uncontested maxim
' that the superstructure of free government rests
upon the division of its powers into three inde-
pendent distinct departments.    Mr. Jefferson's
definition of despotism is the union of all the
powers of Government in the same hands.    Yet
history furnishes no example in any free Govern-
! ment where the Executive power has made such
j advances of usurpation upon the other depart-
| ments in so short a time as in the United States.
i     A brief contrast of the powers claimed and ex-
! ercised by the Executive at the commencement
] of the Government, and now will make this man-
ifest.    At first he claimed the power to remove
¡ public officers for misconduct.   Now he removes
I i them for a free exercise of the right of suffrage.
ji At the commencement of the Government it was
¡: held to be a fundamental principle that the purse
! and the sword should be kept separate; now they
I are in the same hands.    For forty years Congress
I exercised the right of conducting the operations
! of the Treasury through bank agency.  But now,
while the President denies to Congress the right
to establish a National Bank, he appoints himself
an Executive bank, composed of an association
of State banks, to conduct the fiscal affairs of the
Government; so that the long-contested legislative
¡j power to establish bank agency for the Treasury
has practically passed into the hands of the Ex-
ecutive, and he has established the most danger-
ous money monopoly in the world. Ever since
the adoption of the Constitution it was held that
Congress possessed the money power, and had
authority to regulate the currency and fix the
standard of value, until the President seized the
public money, and issued decrees through the
Treasury to regulate the currency. The power
that regulates the currency is a power over the
commerce, agriculture, and manufactures of the
country. The power that can raise or depress
the currency can tax, without limit, the labor of
the people. It is customary in all the States to
hold annual examinations into the condition of
their treasuries. It has been the custom for com-
mittees of Congress to examine the National
Treasury; but now this new Executive bank, this
many headed monster, shrinks with alarm from
all scrutiny; and such is already its influence,
that every proposition to examine its concerns
has been voted down. The House will not trust
its own eyes to open the doors and look at the
actings and doings in this great political gambling
shop. It is now plain that Congress will adjourn
and leave its deeds shrouded in the darkness of
midnight.
The veto,as formerly understood, was a nega-
tive power given to the President to enable him
to defend his department from encroachment.
Now it has become the active principle of legis-
lation. The President takes the responsibility,
seizes the public money, appoints a national bank
agency for the Treasury, and issues decrees to
regulate the currency, and continues to exercise
these high sovereign functions of legislation until
two thirds of Congress shall be found (which will
never be the case while he can appoint the mem-
bers to office) to take these powers out of his
hands. It is thus, by the exercise of the veto,
that the authority of Congress has become pow-
erless; and the Executive has acquired dominion
over the property, the labor, and the commerce
of the United States, by assuming the power over
the Treasury and the currency.
In tracing the advances of Executive power,
nothing is more striking than the dominion which
it has acquired over the public press. The press
is admitted to be the most formidable political
engine of modern times. During the high and
palmy days of true principles, the press was the
faithful channelof truth—thepalladium of liberty.
The press then fought the battles of the Consti-
tution; because it was paid by the community,
who have not, and who do not desire office. Now
we have a press in the service of the Government,
organized and regulated by disciplined ambition,
and gorged and fattened out of the public crib.
There are, at this time, in the pay of the Gov-
ernment, more than one hundred editors of news-
papers scattered throughout the United States.
There will be paid to one press at the seat of
Government near one hundred thousand dollars
per annum out of the public Treasury.
There is not in Russia or Turkey a press under
more despotic control. If it were to insinuate that
its master was not infallible, or refuse to affirm
that the mostglaring abuses of power were right,
or deny the guilt of every public defaulter, even
if the proof were as clear as the mid-day sun; if
it should suggest a doubt as to the election of the
chosen successor, it would not only lose the bread
upon which it is fed out of the public granary,
but would be overwhelmed by party vengeance.
So completely is the independence of the^press
bought up, that we would as soon look to see the
waters of the Potomac roll back to their sources
as to see this press tell the plain truth to the peo-
ple. It is a part of the daily duty for which this
press is paid, to misrepresent and traduce every
member of Congress who opposes the encroach-
ments of Executive power. Such a press under-
takes not only to judge of the conduct of the peo-
ple \s representatives here, but to give evidence to
the people against them. Such a witness, paid
such a sum for his evidence, would not, in a court
of justice, in a contest between two citizens for
one dollar, receive credit from any honest judge
or juror. It is mainly through this pensioned
engine that the power of the Federal Government
is brought into conflict with the freedom of elec-
tions.   It is paid out of the people's money to
