638
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Abuses of (he Federal Government, fyc.—Mr. Allan.
Ho. of Reps.
uphold and advocate every candidate for office
w ho is known to be on the side oí power, and to
defime and vilhfy every one who is on the side
of the country. Thousands «t honest people have
been deeuvcd by this press, not knowing it was
paidfoi every word that it uttered; and, under this
deception, they have cast many faithful patriots
trom their sei vice.
The ímpoi tant clause in the Constitution which
contéis upon the Piesident the right to appoint
public officers " by and Kith the advice and consent
of the Senate" was scrupulously adhered to in the
days of Washington; but of late we have seen
persons appointed to office upon the responsibil-
ity of the Executive after their rejection by the
Senate. We have seen the most important offices
kept vacant for years, to the detriment of the pub-
lic interest, because the persons first nominated
were not confirmed. We have seen an effort made
to have the Journal of the Senate destroyed, which
recorded for the benefit of the present generation
and for the benefit of posterity, a signal instance
of Executive usurpation. Of all the wounds which
have been made on the guards of liberty, none is
more alarming than that which has been inflicted
on the Senate. The hue and ery has been raised
against that body, and rung along all the lines of
patronage, because it made a stand against the
encroachments which were demolishing its con-
stitutional rights. We have seen Executive power
exerted with lamentable success in changing this
constitutional check into an effective auxiliary.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell]
remarked that none of our early writers on the
dangers of Executive povv er foresaw that the Post
Office Department would become the most exten-
sive and dangerous means of patronage; neither
did they anticipate that the public money would
be used to subsidize the press, which exercises
more influence on public opinion than ever the
Post Office, with its thirty thousand dependents
and agents scattered throughout the United States;
but both taken together make the most formidable
and dangerous political engine that exists in the
world.
From this rapid sketch of the present outline
of executive power, it is evident that there is but
one man in the Republic. Every other office,
every other interest, is lost in the snoreless ocean
of his power. Every officer, State or national,
from the highest down to the lowest, is elected
in reference to his opposition or adherence to the
Piesident or the candidate for the Presidency.
This is not wonderful, because the President
does, in fact, hold in his hand the executive and
legislative power of the country. The expanded
dimensions of executive power leave no room for
liberty to breathe in. The office is too high, too
attractive for human weakness. The temptation
to arrive at it is too great for human virtue. In
the contests for this office the country will be
sacrificed and liberty overthrown. Behold the
formidable array of power that is now brought
to bear on the presidential election; the whole
patronage of the Federal Government; the forty
thousand public officers; the machinery of the
Post Office Department; a pensioned press; the
numerous army among whom the public money
is loaned out!
Every aged man can remember when the execu-
tive power was confined within the limits of the
Constitution, that the presidential elections were
quiet, orderly, and fair; but now the whole coun-
try is convulsed in the scramble which is to divide
the offices and money among those who succeed
in placing their chief in possession of more power
than is exercised by any of the modern kings in
the south of Europe. If the morals of the people
were made of adamant, they would in time be
worn away by the perpetual stream of corruption
in which unchastened ambition will ever attempt
to swim to this highest prize of distinction—the
presidential office. The experience of all other
free nations has proven that elections are the
point in the fortress of liberty where usurpation
and corruption make their first attack. The arts
of political aspirants, who were willing to sell
their souls and betray their country to satiate
unholy ambition, have caused elections every-
where to result in corruption.
I will bring forward a few illustrations from
Roman history.  In the pure days of the Republic
the Roman magistrates were fairly elected by the
qualified voters; men of the highest talents, the
most approved experience and sterling integrity,
were called into the public set vice. Such public
servants conducted Rome to the highest elevation
of power and glory that has ever been reached
by any nation. But at last the destroyer came,
and breathed the bieath of coi ruption on elections.
I will lead some passages fiom Adams's Roman
Antiquities. Under the head of candidates foi
office, the historian says:
' On the market davs they (the candidates) came into
the assembly of the people and took their station on rising
ground, whence they might be seen by all " * * *
" When thev went donn to the Campus Martiu- at certain
time«, thev «ere attended by thPir frund-inddepi ndant  "
* * * "They had persons likewise to divide rnonev
among the people " * * * " J'here wpre also
person  to bargain with the people for their votes," * *
'• and other- in vvho-e hand  the monev pronu-ed was de-
posited C-e>"ir pillaied the wealth of the provinces to
spend it among the citizens of Rome, and gave Ins rapine
an air of generosity "
Could an actual description convey a more
distinct idea of what is passing here before our
eyes than is to be found in the above extracts
from Roman history >
I will read a passage from Gibbon, to illustrate
the progress of corruption in Roman elections:
"The Prtetomn bands maintained that the mixed multi
tude that thronged the streets of Rome were not the real
people, that they were alike destitute of spirit and prop
ertv
" That the defenders of the States, trained to the exercise
of arms and vntue, were the genuine representatives of the
people, and best entitled to elect the military chiet of the
Republic."
And after they had murdered the Emperor
Perlinax, " they ran out upon the ramparts, and
with a loud voice proclaimed that the Roman
world was to be disposed of to the best bidder, at
public auction."
The candidates for the Imperial power at the
foot of the ramparts carried on the contest.
" Sulpicianus promised a donation of five thousand
drachms (above £16)) to each soldier. Didius iuhanus,
eager for the prize, rose at once to the sum of six thousand
two hundred and fifty drachms, or upwards of £200 The
gates of the camp were instantly thrown open to the pur-
chaser, and lie was declared Emperor. They placed their
new sovereign, whom they served and despised, in the
center of their ranks, surrounded linn on every side with
their shields, inrt conducted him, in close order of battl',
to the Senate house, which, after he had filled with aimed
soldiers, the new Emperor expatiated on the freedom of
his election."
Such is the result of Roman elections. Such
the manner in which executive patronage was
brought into conflict with the freedom of elections
in the most renowned nation of antiquity. In
our own country we have seen the officeholders
attempting to dispose of the Presidency who have
no better claims to speak in the name of the
people than had the Roman cohorts. In place
of bidding ¿£200 to each voter, we have seen the
revenues and offices of the country bid for the
presidential office, to be divided out as lawful
spoil among those who would bring the greatest
number of votes to the polls. Our elections are
taking the direction they did in Rome, and will
end in the same way, if we do not reduce the
power of the Piesident, and thereby take away
the temptation to betray and corrupt the country
to get the office. No matter what the form of
the name may be, the very instant that any
Government is organized, two distinct interests
in society are formed—the interest of the rulers,
on the one hand, and the interest of the people
on the other. It is the interest of these among
whom the honors and the revenues are divided,
to form combinations, and a "party;" to keep
in their hands these honors and revenues, and
to transmit them to their relatives and friends.
It is the interest of the great body of the people
to have a cheap and a pure Government, and
that it should be administered by able and pure
men. It is the interest of the officeholders to
have an extravagant Government, because they
reap the benefit of extravagance. And it is the
interest of the head íulers, in place of having
able, honest men in office, to have such as will
agree to be " mere instruments."
The history of nations is nothing but a narra-
tive of the conflicts between these two separate
interests of rulers and people. On the one side
there is union, discipline, art, and intrigue; on
the other, hone&ty, unsuspecting, confiding con-
I fidence. The result everywheie has been the
tuumph of the offici holdf is; and, m the end, in
all other nations, they have made themM.lves
the people's masters, and become a sepaiate
hereditaiy order.
The long-contested question, and which is com-
mitted to the Americans for final decision, is,
whether the people can maintain the fiee Gov-
ernment against the perpetual war that will be
waged upon it by their own officets ? I call upon
the people to behold the foimidable anav of
power wah which they have to contend. Forty
thousand public officers—a pensioned piess—
thuty-five deposit banks—a subseivient post
office—the multitude among whom the public
money is loaned out—all combined to keep the
people out of then money, and to control the
Government, constitute a force more trrnble than
an open army with banners; because it advances
secretly through by-ways, thiough the vaults of
banks; it crawls through all the channels of cor-
ruption, and while all appears fair on the sur-
face, while the people, active in industiy and
enterpnse, are moving íapidly on to wealth and
apparent piospenty, the subtile poison of des-
potism is infecting the vitals of the body-politic.
In the contemplation of our public affairs, there
is no aspect of them to be more íegretted than
the selfish personal character which the struggles
for the presidential office have communicated to
party. Our early paities were formed upon a
diflfeience of principle, each contending for the
country, for the security of liberty, for the pres-
ervation of the Constitution. Ambition was then
a noble and elevated principle, which identified
its success and elevation with the success and
elevation of the Republic. The party now is not
distinguished by the profession or the practice of
any known system of principles. The art of
getting and keeping money and office, and trans-
mitting them to friends, is the pnnciple of action.
JNo matter what aie the principles of an indi-
vidual, if he will labor in the vocation of office-
getting and money-getting, he is taken into full
fellowship and communion with the party. Our
eaily patriots and statesmen rose to eminence by
the possession and exercise of talents and expe-
rience and virtue—by eminent services rendered
to the country. Now, love of country is changed
to devotion to men: man-woiship is found to be
a more ready road to success than devotion to
the country.
The only avenue now opened to honorable
distinction is submission to power. This prin-
ciple of party action, upon which success now
depends, is enforced upon the observance of all
members of the party, by both the precept and
example of the person who now holds the second
rank in the Government and is aiming at the first.
He prides himself upon, and in the spnit of ex-
ultation proclaims, that " to have served under such
a chief at such a tune, and to have won his confidence
and esteem, is a sufficient glmy; and of tluit, thank
God, my enemies cannot depnveme."
The annals of the nineteenth century do not
furnish an example, in the despotisms of Asia,
of such an instance of the worship of one man by
another. The success of this flattery is plain,
when it is recollected that it won the Presidency,
for, if that individual succeeds, no one will doubt
that he will owe his success to the favor of the
exalted personage under whom it was a sufficient
glory to serve. The glory is not in having served
his country, but in having served under a chief.
The glory is not derived from services rendered
Rome, but from the honor of having served under
Caesar. Here we have, in bold relief, the prin-
ciple and example of the leader of the party. All
aspirants will take the hint from this example of
success, and must make their way to office and
money by the same means. Under this, all high
and honorable ambition must perish; all hope of
rising to eminence, by the possession of eminent
qualifications, will expire; and servile adulation
and man-worship will become the order of the day.
Federal power, as it now exists, is built upon this
compact; all subordinates are to sustain it in all
of its courses, right or wrong; and, in return, it
is to throw the scgis of its protection over each
member of the party, no odds what may be his
l official acts of omission or commission. If the
I spirit of the times will tolerate and justify such
