1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
and a redundant currency created in one State or ||
section, and a deficient in another, and, through
such redundancy or defieienev , all the moneyed
engagements and business tiansactions of the
whole community nwv be made dependent on the
will of one man With the piesent enormous
stu plus, it is ditficult to assist) limits to the ex-
tent of this powei. The bccittarv, or the irre-
sponsible agent unknovv n to the law s, who, tumor
says, has me direction ot this immense power,
(we are not peimitted to ha\e ceitam uifoima-
tion,) may raise and depicts stocks, and piopetty
of all deseriptions, at ¡us pleasure, by withdraw-
ing from one plate and tiansletiing to another,
to the unlimited gain of those who aie in the
secret, and ceitam ruin of those who are not.
Such a field of speculation has never before been
opened in any country; a field so gieat that the
Rothschilds themselves might be tempted to enter
it with their mímense funds. Not is the control
which it would give over the pohticsot the coun-
try much less unlimited. To the same extent
that it mav be used to affect the interests and the
fortunes of individuals, to the like it may be em-
ployed asan instrument of political influence and
control. I do not intend to assert lhat it has
or will be so emp'oyed; it is not essential at
present to niquiie how it hisoi will be used. It
is sufficient for my purpose to show, as I trust I
have satisfactorily, that it may be so employed.
To guard against the abuse of so dangerous a
power, the provision was insetted in the bill to
prohibit the use of transfer wairants, except, as
stated,forthc purpose of disbuisement; the omis-
sion of which provision in the amendment is a
fatal objection to it of itself, were there no other.
But it is far fiom standing alone; the next point
of difference will be found to be not less striking
and fatal.
The professed object of both the bill end the
amendment is to place the safe-keeping oí the
public moneys under the regulation and control
of law, instead of being left, as it now is, at the
discretion of the Executive. However strange it
may seem, the fact is nevertheless so, that the
amendment entirely fails to effect the object which
it is its professed object to accomplish. In order
that it may be distinctly seen that what 1 state is
the case, it will be necessary to view the prov s-
10ns of the bill and the amendment in íeference
to the deposits separately, as they relate to the
banks in which the public funds are now depos-
ited, and those which may hereafter be selected
to receive them.
The bill commences with the former, which it
adopts as banks of deposit, and prescribes the
regulations and conditions on the observance of
which they shall continue such, while at the same
time it places them beyond the control and influ-
ence of the Executive Department, by placing
them under the protection of law so long as they
continue faithfully to perform their duty as fiscal
agents of the Government. It next authouzes
the Secretary of the Treasury to select, under cer-
tain circumstances, additional banks of deposit,
as the exigency of the publicservice may require,
on which it imposes like regulations and condi-
tions, and places in like manner under the pro-
tection of law. In all this the amendment pursues
a veiy different course. It begins with author-
izing the Secretary to select the banks of deposit,
and. limits the regulations and conditions it im-
poses on such banks, leaving, by an express pro-
vision, the present banks wholly under the con-
trol of the Treasury or the Executive Department,
as they now are, without prescribing any time for
the selection of other banks of deposit, or making
it the duty of the Secretary so to do. The con-
sequence is obvious. The Secretary may con-
tinue the present bank  as long as he pleases; and
so long as he may choose to continue them, the
provisions of the amendment, so far as relates to
the deposits, will be a dead letter, and the banks,
of course, instead of being under the control of
the law, will be, contrary, as I have said, to the
professed object both of the bill and amendment,
subject exclusively to his will.
The Senator has attempted to explain this dif-
ference, but I must say very unsatisfactorily.
He said that the bill prohibited the selection of
other banks; and as he deemed others to be neces-
sary at certain important points, in consequence
of the present enormous surplus, he inserted the
pi ovision authorising the selection of other banks.
The Senatoi has not stated the piovisions of the
bill accurately; so fai fiom not authouzing, it
expiessly autl'onzes the selection of othci banks
where there aie now nono; but I piesume he in-
tended to limit his ic mm Us to plaees wheic theie
are no existing banks o! deposit. Thus limited,
the fact is as he states; but it by no means ex-
plains the extiaoidinaiy omission (for such I
must consider it) of nut extending the regulations
to the existing banks, as well ns those lit reafter
to be selected If the public service íequues ad-
ditional banks at New Yenk and othei impoitant
points, in consequence of the vast sums deposited
there, as I readily agree it does if no disposition i
is to be made of the surplus, it is cei tainly a very
good reason for enlarging the provisions of the
bill, by authorizing the Secretaiy to select other
banks at those points; but it is impossible for
me to comprehend how it proves that the icgula-
tions which the amendment pioposes to impose
should be exclusively limited to such newiy-se-
lected banks. Nor do I see why the Senatoi has
not observed the same rule in this case as that
which he adopted in refetence to the compeusi-
tion the banks ought to pay for the use of the
public money. He omutcd to piovide for any
compensation, on the ground that his amendment
proposed to dispose of all the suiplus money,
leaving in the possession of the banks a sum
baiely sufficient to meet the curient expendituie,
feu the use of which he did not ronsidei it light to
charge a compensition. On the same punciple,
it was unnecessaiy to provide for the selection of
additional banks where there aie now banks of
deposit, as they would be ample if the suiplus
was disposed of. In this I understood the Sen-
ator himself to concur.
But it is not only in the important point of ex-
tending the regulations to the existing banks of
deposit that the bill and the amendment differ.
There is a stnking difference between them in
lefeience to the authority of Congress over the
banks of deposit embraced both in the bill and the
amendment.   The latter, following the piovision
in the charter of the late Bank of the United
States, authouzes the Secretary to withdraw the
public deposits, and to discontinue the use of any
of the banks, whenever, in his opinion, such bank
I  shall have violated the conditions on which it has
been employed, or the public funds aie rot safe
in its vaults, with the simple restriction, that he
shall report the fact to Congress. We know from
experience how slight is the check which this re-
striction imposes.    It not only requires the con-
1  currence of both Houses of Congress to overrule
the act of the Secretary, where his power may be
improperly exercised, but the act of Congress
itself, intended to control such exeicise of power,
may be overruled by the veto of the President,
at whose will the Secretary holds his place, so as
to leave the control of the banks virtually under
the control of the Executive Department of the
i  Government.   To obviate this, the bill vests the
1  Secretary with the power simply of withdrawing
1   the deposits and suspending the use of the bank
1  as a place of deposit, and provides that, if Con-
gress shall not confiim the removal, the deposits
shall be returned to the bank after the termination
of the next session of Congress.
I      The next point of difference is of far less ím-
!  portance, and is  only mentioned as tending to
illustrate the different character of the bill and the
amendment.   The former provides that the banks
of deposit shall perform the duties of comnus-
sioneis of loans, without compensation, in like
manner as was the duty of Xhe late Bank of the
UnitedStates and its branches, under Us chaiter.
Among these duties is that of paying the pen-
sioners—a very heavy branch of disbursement,
and attended with  considerable expense,  and
which will be saved to the Goveinment under the
bill, but will be lost if the amendment should
prevail.
Another difference remains to be pointed out,
relating to the security of the deposits. With so
large an amount of public money in their vaults,
it is important that the banks should always be
provided with ample means to meet their engage-
ments. With tin* view, the bill provides that
the specie in the vaults of the several banks, and
the aggiegate of the balance in their favor with
othei specie-paying banks, shall be equal to one
fifth of the eiitue amount of then not sand lulls
in cuculation, ind their pul lie and pnvate d< pos-
its—a sum, as is believed,suineii nt to keep the n
in a sound and solvent condition. Tin amend-
ment, on the contiaiy, piovides that the bapk
shall keep in their own vaults, oi the \ju1 s of
othei banks, specie < qual to one fnutth of its
notes and bills in cnriil ition, and the balance of
Us account!  with other hanks payable on de-
mand
I íegiet tint the Senator Ins thought pioper to
change the phiaseology, and to use teims less clear
and explicit than those in the bill.    I am not cer-
tain that I comprehend the exact meaning of the
provision in the amendment.   What is meant by
specie in the vaults of other banks>    In a general
sense, all deposits aie considered as specie; but I
cannot suppose that to be the meaning in this
instance, as it would render the provision in a
great measure inoperative. I presume the amend-
ment means special deposits in gold and silver in
other banks, placed there for safe-keeping, or to
be drawn on, and not to be used by the bank in
whiih it is deposited.    Taking   that to be the
meaning, what is theie to pievent the same sum
fiora being twice counted in estimating the means
of the scveial banks of deposit?    Take two of
them, one having $100,000 in specie in Us vaults,
and the other the same amount in the vaults of
the other bank, which, in addition, has, besides,
: anothei $100,000 of its own, what is there topie-
1 vent the latter from returning, under the amend-
| ment, $200,000 of specie in its vaults, while the
Í foimcr would leturn $100,000 in its own vaults,
1 and  another in  the vaults of the other bank,
making, in the aggregate, between them, $400,000,
, when, in reality, the amount in both would be
' but £300,000'
But this is not the only difference between the
| bill and the amendment, in thispaiticular,deserv-
' nig of notice. The object of the provision is to
compel the banks of deposit to have, at all times,
ample means to meet their liabilities, so that the
Governmentshould have sufficient assurance that
the public moneys in their vaults would be forth-
coming when demanded. With this view, the
bill provides that the available means of the banks
shall never be less than one fifth of its aggregate
liabilities, including bills, notes, and deposits,
public and private, while the amendment entirely
omits the private deposits, and includes only the
balance of its deposits with other banks. This
omission is the more lemaikable, inasmuch as
the greater poition of the liabilities of the deposit
banks must, with the present large surplus result
from their deposits, as eveiy one who is familiar
with banking opeiations will readily perceive.
I have now piesented to the Senate the several
points of difference winch 1 deem material be-
tween the bill and the amendment, with such re-
maiks as to enable them to form their own opin-
ion in reference to the difference, so that they
may decide how far the assertion is true with
which I set out, that, wheiever they differ, the
amendment favors the banks against the interests
of the  public, and  the  Executive against the
The Senator, acting on the supposition that
there would be a permanent surplus beyond the
expenditure of the Goveinment, which neither
justice nor regard to the public interest would
peinnt to remain in the banks, has extended the
piovisions of his amendment, with great propri-
ety, so as to comprehend a plan to withdraw the
surplus from the banks. His plan is to vest the
commissioners of the sinking fund with authority
to estimate, at the beginning of every quarter,
the piobabJe receipts and expenditures of the
quarter; and if, in their opinion, the receipts, with
the money in the Treasury, should exceed the
estimated expenditure by a certain sum—say
45,000,000—the excess should be vested in State
stocks; and if it should fall shoit of that sum, a
sufficient amount of the stocks should be sold to
make up the deficit. We have thus presented for
consideration the important subject of the surplus
revenue, and with it the question so anxiously
and universally asked, " what shall be done with
the surplus'" shall it be expended by the Gov*
1 ernment, or remain where it is, or be disposed of
