648
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 28,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
uncertain, but I suppose that it may he safely I
assumed that, takn g the whole, it is kss than
tint lit Id by those Statts With these facts.it
cannot be doubted that tin application of the sur-
plus, as proposed to be applied by the Senator,
Turn Id be c\cetd nsly unequal among the Statts,
and that the advantage of the application would
mainly acciue to these three States. To meet
these objections, the Senator, while he does not
deny tint the application of the suiplus will
greatly raise the puce of stocks, insists that the
Statts issuing them will not dtnve any benefit
from the ad\ ince, and consequently have no in-
terest m the question of tht application of the
surplus to thtu pui chase.
If by Statts he means the government of the
States, the view of the Senator may be coirect.
They may, as he savs, have but little interest in
the market value of their stocks, as it must be
redeemed by the same amount, whether that be
high or low. But if we take a more enlarged
■view, and comprehend the people of the State as
well as the government, the argument entnely
fails. The Senator will not denv that the holdeis
have a deep interest in the application of so laige
a sum as the present surplus in the purchase of
their stocks. He wi.l not deny that such appli-
cation must greatly advance the price, and, of
course, in determining whether the States having
stocks will be benefited by applying the suiplus
as he proposes, we must first asceitam who are
the holders. Where do they reside ' Aie they
foreigners residing abroad' If so, would it be
wise to apply the public money so as to advance
the interests of foreigneis, to whom the States
are under no obligation, but honestly to pay to
them the debts which they have contracted ' But
if not held by foreigners, are they held by citi-
zens of such States' If such be the fact, will
the Senator deny that those States will be deeply
interested in the application of the surplus as
proposed in h>s amendment, when the effects of
such application must be, as is conceded on all
sides, greatly to enhance the price of the stocks,
and consequently to mciease the wealth of their
citizens ' Let us suppose that, instead of pur-
chasing the stocks of the States in which his con-
stituents are inteiested, theSenatoi 's amendment
had proposed to apply the present enormous sur-
plus to the purchase of cotton, or slaves, in which
the constituents of southern Senators are inter-
ested, would any one doubt that the cotton-giow-
mg or slave-holding States would have a deep
interest in the question5 It will not be denied
that, if so applied, their price would be greatly
advanced, and the wealth of their citizens propoi-
tionably increased. Precisely the same effect
would result from the application to the purchase
of stocks, with like benefits to the citizens of the
States which have issued a large amount df stock.
The principle is the same in both cases.
But there is another view of the subject which
demands most serious considoiation. Assuming,
what will not be questioned, that the application
of the suiplus, as proposed by the amendment,
will be very unequal among the States, some
having little or none, and others a large amount
of stocks, the íesuJt would neccssanly be to
create, in effect, the relation of dtbloi and creditor
between the States. The States whose stocks
mightbe purchased by the commissioneis, would
become the debtors of the Government, and as
the Government would, in fact, be but the agent
between them and the other States, the latter
would, in reality, be their creditors. This rela-
tion between them could not fail to be productive
of important political consequences which would
influence all the operations of the Government.
It would, in paiticular, have a powerful beanng
upon the presidential election; the debtor and
creditor States each striv ing to give such a result
to the elections as might be favorable to their
respective interests; the one to exact, and the
other to exempt themselves from the payment of
the debt. Supposing the three great States to
which I have referred, whose united influence
■would have so decided a control, to be the prin-
cipal debtor States*, as would, in all probability,
be the fact, it is easy to see that the result would
be, finally, the release of the debt, and, conse-
quently, a correspondent loss to the creditor and
gam to the debtor States.
But there is another view of the subject still
moie deserving, if possible, of attention, than
either of those which have been presented. It is
impossible not to see, after what has been said,
that the power pioposedto be conferred by the
amendment of the Stnator, of applying the sui-
plus, in buying and selling the stocks of the
States, is one of gieat extent, and calculated to
have pow erful influence, not only on a laige body
of the most wealthy and influential citizens of the
States which have issued stocks, but on the States
themselves The next question is, m whom is
the exereise of this power to be vested' Where
shall we find lndiviJiualssufficientlydetached ftom
the polities of tlu day, and whose vntue, patriot-
ism, disinteies ted ness, and finnness cam aise them
so fai above political and sinister motives, as to
exercise poweis so high and influential, exclu-
sively for the public good, without any view to
personal or political aggrandizement' Who has
the amendment selected as standing aloof fiom
politics, and possessing these high qualifications'
Who are the present commissioners of the sink-
ing fund, to whom this high and responsible
trust is to be confided ' At the head stands the
Vice Piesident of the United States, with whom
the Chief Justice of the United States, the Sec-
retary of State, the Secietary of the Treasury,
and the Attorney General are associated; all party
men, deeply intei ested in the maintenance ofpower
in the present hands, and having the strongest
motives to apply the vast power which the amend-
ment would confer upon them, should it become
a law , to party purposes. I do not say it would
be so applied; but I must ask, would it be pru-
dent, would it be wise, would it be seemly, to
rest such great and dangerous powers in those
who have so strong a motive to abuse it, and
who, if they should have elevation and virtue
enough to resist the temptation, would still be
suspected of having used the powei for sinister
andconuptpurposes' lam persuaded, in draw-
ing the amendment, that the Senatoi fiom New
York has, without due reflection on the impro-
puety of vesting the power where he proposes,
inadvertently inserted the provision which he has,
and that on rev lew he will concur with me, that
should his amendment be adopted, the power
ought to be vested in otheis, less exposed to
temptation,and consequently less exposed to sus-
picion.
I have now stated the leading objections to the
several modes of disposing of the surplus revenue
which I propose to consider; and the question
again íecurs, what shall be done with the suiplus'
The Senate is not uninformed of my opinion on
this important subject. Foreseeing that there
would be a large suiplus, and the mischievous
consequences that must follow, I moved, during
the last session, for a select committee, which,
among other measures, reported a resolution so
to amend the Constitution as to authorize a tem-
porary distribution of the suiplus among the
States, but so many doubted whether there would
be a surplus at the time, that it íendered all pios-
pect of carrying the resolution hopeless My
opinionstill lemains unchanged, that the measuie
then proposed was the best, but so rapid has been
the accumulation of the surplus, even beyond my
calculation, and so pressing the danger, that what
would have been then an efficient remedy would
now be too taidy to meet the danger, and of couise
another remedy must be devised more speedy in
its action.
After bestowing on the subject the most delib-
erate attention, I have come to the conclusion
that there is no other so safe, so efficient, and so
free from objections, as the one I have proposed,
of depositing the surplus that may remain at the
termination of the year in the Treasury of the
several States, m the manner provided for in the
amendment. But the Senator from New York
objects to the measure, that it would, in effect,
amount to distribution, on the ground, as he
conceives, that the States would never refund.
He does not doubt but that they would, if called
on to refund by the Government; but he says
that Congress will, in fact, never make the call.
He rests this conclusion on the supposition that
there would be a majority of the States opposed
to it. He admits, in case the revenue should
become deficient,  that the southern or staple
States would prefer to íefund their quota, rather
than to íaise the imposts to meet the deficit, but
he insists that the contiary would be the ense
with the manufactuiing States, which would
piefer to inciease the imposts to refunding their
quota, on the ground that the increase of the
duties would promote the inteiests of manufac-
tures I cannot agiee wuh the Senator that
those States would assume a position so utteily
untenable as to refuse to íefund a deposit which
then faith would be plighted to return, and íest
the refusal on the ground of piefemng to lay a
tax, because it would be a bounty to them, and
would consequently thiow the whole burden of
the tax on the other States But, be this as it
may, I can tell the St nator that, if they should
take a course so unjust and monstious, he may
be assuied that the other States would most
unquestionably resist the increase of the imposts,
so that the Government would have to take its
choice, either to go without the money, or call
on the States to it fund the deposits. But I so
far agiee with the Senator as to believe that Con-
gress would be very leluctant to make the call;
that it would not make it till, fiom the wants of
the Treasury, it should become absolutely neces-
sary; and that, in older to avoid such necessity,
it would resort to a just and proper economy in
the public expenditures as the preferable alterna-
tive. I see in this, however, much good instead
of evil. The Govei nment has- long since departed
from habits of economy, and has fallen into a
profusion, a waste, and an extravagance in its
disbursements rartly equaled by any free State,
and which threatens the most disastious conse-
quences.
But I am happy to think that the giound on
which the objection of the Senator stands may
be removed without materially impairing the
provisions of the bill. It will require but the
addition of a few words to remove it, by giving
to the deposits all the advantages without the
objections which he proposes by his plan. It
will be easy to provide that the States shall au-
thorize the proper officers to give negotiable cer-
tificates of deposit, which shall not bear interest
till demanded, when they shall bear the usual
rates till paid. Such certificates would be, in
fact, State stocks, every way similar to that in
which the Senator proposes to vest the surplus,
but with this striking superiority: that, instead
of being partial and limited to a few States, they
would be fairly and justly apportioned among the
several States. They would have another striking
advantage over his. They would create among
all the members of the Confedeiacy reciprocally
the relation of debtor and creditor, in pioportion
to their relative weight in the Union, which, in
effect, would leave them in their present íelation,
and would, of course, avoid the danger that
would íesult from his plan, which, as has been
shown, would necessarily make a part of the
States debtors to the rest, with all the danger
resulting from such relation.
The next objection of the Senator is to the
ratio of distribution proposed in the bill, among
the States, which he pronounces to be unequal,
if not unconstitutional. He insists that the true
principle would be to distribute the surplus among
the States in proportion to the representation in
the House of Representatives, without including
the Senators, as is proposed in the bill* for which
he relies on the fact that, by the Constitution,
representation and taxation are to be apportioned
in the same manner among the States.
The Senate will see that the effect of adopting
the ratio supported by the Senator would be to
favor the large States, while that in the bill will
be more favorable to the small.
The State I in part represent occupies a neutral
position between the two. She cannot be con-
sidered either a large or a small State, forming,
as she does, one twenty-fourth part of the Union,
and of course it is the same to her whichever
ratio may be adopted. But I prefer the one con-
tained in my amendment, on the ground that it
represents the relative weight of the States in the
Government. It is the weight assigned to them
in the choice of the President and Vice President,
in the electoral college, and, of course, in the ad-
ministration of the laws. It is also that assigned
to them in the making of the laws by the action
