1836.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Public Deposits—Mr. Calhoun,
Senate.
of the two Houses, and corresponds very nearly
to their weight in the judicial department of the
Government^ the judges being nominated by the
President and confirmed by the Senate. In addi-
tion, 1 was influenced in selecting the ratio by
the belief that it was a wise and magnanimous
course, in case of doubt, to favor the weaker
members of the Confederacy. The larger can
always take care of themselves; and, to avoid
jealousy and improper feelings, ought to act lib-
erally towards the weaker members of the Con-
federacy. To which may be added, that I am of
the impression that, oven on the principle assumed
by the Senator that the distribution of the sur-
plus ought to be apportioned on the ratio with
direct taxation, (which may be well doubted,)
the ratio which I support would conform in prac-
tice more nearly to the principle than that which
he supports. It is a fact not generally known,
that representation in the other House, and direct
taxes, should they be laid, would be very far
from being equal, although the Constitution pro-
vides that they should be. The inequality would
result from the mode of apportioning the Repre-
sentatives. Instead of apportioning them among
the States, as near as may be, as directed by the
Constitution, an artificial mode of distribution
has been adopted, which, in its effects, gives to
the large States a greater number, and to the
small a less, than that to which they are entitled.
I would refer those who may desire to under-
stand how this inequality is effected, to the dis-
cussion in this body on the apportionment bill,
under the last census. So great is this inequality,
that, were a direct tax to be laid, New York, for
instance, would have at least three members more
than her apportionment of the tax would require.
The ratio which I have proposed would, I admit,
produce as great an inequality in favor of some
of the small States, particularly the Old, whose
population is nearly stationary; but, among the
new and growing members of the Confederacy,
which constitute the greater portion of the small
States, it would not give them a larger share of
the deposits than what they would be entitled to
on the principle of direct taxes. But the objec-
tion of the Senator to the ratio of distribution,
like his objection to the condition on which the
bill proposes to make it, is a matter of small
comparative consequence. I am prepared,in the
spirit of concession, to adopt either, as one or
the other may be more acceptable to the Senate.
It now remains to compare the disposition of
the surplus proposed in the bill with the others I
have discussed; and, unless I am greatly de-
ceived, it possesses great advantages over them.
Compared with the scheme of expending the
surplus, its advantage is, that it would avoid the
extravagance and waste that must result from
suddenly more than quadrupling the expendi-
tures, without a corresponding organization in
the disbursing department of the Government to
enforce economy and responsibility. It would
also avoid the diversion of so large a portion of
the industry of the country from its present use-
ful direction to unproductive objects, with heavy
loss to the wealth and prosperity of the country
as has been shown, while it would, at the same
time, avoid the increase of the patronage and in-
fluence of the Government, with all their cor-
ruption and danger to the liberty and institutions
of the country. But its advantages would not be
limited simply to avoiding the evil of extravagant
and useless disbursements. It would confer pos-
itive benefits, by enabling the States to discharge
their debts, and complete a system of internal
improvements by railroads and canals, which
would not only greatly strengthen the bonds of
the Confederacy, but increase its power.by aug-
menting infinitely our resources and prosperity.
I do not deem it necessary to compare the dis-
position of the surplus which is proposed in the
bill with the dangerous and, I must say, wicked
scheme of leaving the public funds where they
are, in the banks of deposit, to be loaned out by
those institutions to speculators and partisans,
without authority or control of law.
Compared with the plan proposed by the Sen-
ator from New York, it is sufficient, to prove its
superiority, to say that, while it avoids all the
objections to which his is liable, it at the same
lime possesses all the advantages, with others pe-
culiar to itself. Among these, one of the most
prominent is, that it provides the only efficient
remedy for the deep-seated disease which now
afflicts the body-politic, and which threatens to
terminate so fatally unless it be speedily and effect-
ually arrested.
All who have reflected on the nature of onr
complex system of government, and the dangers
to which it is exposed, have seen that it is sus-
ceptible, from its structure, to two dangers of op-
posite character, one threatening consolidation,
and the other anarchy and dissolution. From the
beginning of the Government we find a difference
of opinion among tiie wise and patriotic, to which
the Government was most exposed; one part be-
lieving that the danger was that the Government
would absorb the reserved power of the States,
and terminate in consolidation, while the other
were equally confident that the States would ab-
sorb the powersof the Government, and the sys-
tem end in anarchy and dissolution. It was this
diversity of opinion which gave birth to the two
great, honest, and patriotic parties which so long
divided the community, and to the many political
conflicts which so long agitated the country.
Time has decided the controversy. We are no
longer left to doubt that the danger is on the side
of this Government, and that, if not arrested, the
system must terminate in an entire absorption of
the powers of the States.
Looking back, with the light which experience
has furnished, we now clearly see that both of
the parties took a false view of the operation of
the system. It was admitted by both that there
would bo a conflict for power between the Govern-
ment and the States, arising from a disposition
on the part of those who, for the time being, ex-
ercised the powers of the Government, and the
States, to enlarge their respective powers at the
expense of each other; and which would induce
each to watch the other with incessant vigilance.
Had such proved to be the fact, I readily concede
that the result would have been the opposite to
what has occurred, and the Republican, and not
the Federal party, would have been mistaken as
to the tendency of the system. But so far from
this jealousy, experience has shown that in the
operation of the system a majority of the States
have acted in concert with the Government at all
times, except upon the eve of a political revolu-
tion, when one party was about togoout to make
room for the other to come in; and we no w clearly
see that this has not been the result of accident,
but that the habitual operation must necessarily
be so. The misconceptien resulted from over-
looking the fact, that the Government is but an
agent of the States, and that the dominant ma-
jority of the Union, which elect and control a
majority of the State Legislatures, would also
elect those who would control this Government,
whether thatmajority rested on sectional interests,
on patronage and influence, or whatever basis it
might, and that they would use the power both
of the General and State Governments jointly,
for aggrandizement and the perpetuation of their
power. Regarded in this light, it is not at all
surprising that the tendency of the system is such
as it has proved itself to be, and which any intel-
ligent observer now sees must necessarily term-
inate in a central, absolute, irresponsible, and
despotic power. It is this fatal tendency that
' the measure proposed in the bill is calculated to
! counteract, and which I believe would prove ef-
¡ fective if now applied. It would place the States
: in the relation in which it was universally believed
\ they would stand to this Government at the time
of its formation, and make them those jealous and
vigilant guardians of its actions on all measures
touching the disbursements and expenditure of
the Government, and which it was confidently
believed they would be, which would arrest the
¡ fatal tendency to the concentration of the entire
power of the system in this Government, if any
, power on earth can.
But it is objected that the remedy would be too
powerful, and would produce an opposite and
equally dangerous tendency. I coincide that such
would be the danger, if permanently applied; and
under that impression, and believing thatthe
present excess of revenue would not continue
longer, I have limited the measure to the duration
1 of the compromise act.   Thus limited, it will act
sufficiently long, I trust, to eradicate the present
disease, without superinducing one of an opposite
character.
But the plan proposed is supported by its jus-
tice, as well as these high considerations of polit-
ical expediency. Thesurplusmoneyin theTreas-
ury is not ours. It properly belongs to those
who made it, from whom it has been unjustly
taken. I hold it an unquestionable principle that
the Government has no right to take a cent from
the people beyond what is necessary to meet its
legitimate and constitutional wants. To take
more intentionally would be robbery; and if the
Government has not incurred the guilt in the
present case, its exemption can only be found in
its folly—the folly of not seeing and guarding
against a vast excess of revenue, which the most
ordinary understanding ought to have foreseen
and prevented. If it were in our power—if we
could ascertain from whom the vast amount now
in the Treasury was improperly taken, justice
would demand that it should be returned to its
lawful owners. But as that is impossible, the
measure next best, as approaching nearest to res-
titution, is that which is proposed, to deposit it
in the treasuries of the several States, which will
place it under the disposition of the immediate
representatives of the people, to be used by them
as they may think fit till the wants of the Gov-
ernment may require its return.
But it is objected that such a disposition would
be a bribe to the people. A.bribe to the people! to
return it to those to whom it justly belongs, and
from whose pockets it should never have been
taken. A bribe! to place it in the charge of
those who are the immediate representatives of
those from whom we derive our authority, and
who may employ it so much more usefully than
we can. But what is to be done ? If not returned
to the people, it must go somehow; and is there
no danger of bribing those to whom it may go?
If we disburse it, is there no danger of bribing
the thousands of agents, contractors, and jobbers
through whose hands it must pass, and in whose
pockets, and those of their associates, so large a
part would be deposited? If, to avoid this, we
leave it where it is, in the banks, is there no
danger of bribing the banks in whose custody it
is, with their various dependents, and the nu-
merous swarms of speculators which hover about
them in hopes of participating in the spoil? Ii
there no danger of bribing the political managers 
who, through the deposits, have the control of
these banks, and by them of their dependents and
the hungry and voracious hosts of speculators,
who have overspread and are devouring the land?
Yes, literally devouring the land. Finally, if it
should be vested as proposed by the Senator from
New York, is there no danger of bribing the
holders of State stocks, and through them the
States which have issued them ? Are the agents,
the jobbers, and contractors—are the directors and
stockholders of the banks—are the speculators
and stock-jobbers—are the political managers and
holders of State securities, the only honest por-
tion of the community? Are they alone inca-
pable of being bribed? And are the people the
least honest and most liable to be bribed ? Is this
the creed of those now in power ? of those who
profess to be the friends of the people, and to
place implicit confidence in their virtue and pa-
triotism?
I have now stated what, in my opinion, ought
to be done with the surplus. Another question
«till remains; not what shall, but what will be
done with the surplus? With a few remarks on
this question, I shall conclude what I intended to
There was a time, in the better days of the
Republic, when to show what ought to be done,
was to insure the adoption of the measure. Those
days have passed away, I fear, forever. A power
has risen up in the Government greater than the
people themselves, consisting of many and vari-
ous and powerful interests, combined into one
mass, and held together by the cohesive power
of the vast surplus in the banks. This mighty
combination will be opposed to any change; and
it is to be feared that such is its influence, that
no measure to which it is opposed can become a
law, however expedient and necessary, and that
the public money will remain in their possession,
