650
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.                      Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Robertson.
Ho. of Reps.
to be disposed of, not as the public interest, but
as theirs may dictate. The time, indeed, seems
fast approaching when no law can pass, nor any
honor be confirmed, from the Chief Magistrate
to the tide-waiter, without the assent of this
powerful and interested combination, which is
steadily becoming the Government itself, to the
utter subversion of the authority of the people.
Nay, I fear we are in the midst of it; and I look
with anxiety to the fate of this measure as the
test whether we are or not.
If nothing should be done, if the money which
justly belongs to the people, be left where it is,
with the many and overwhelming objections to
it, the fact will prove that a great and radical
change has been effected; that the Government is
subverted; that the authority of the people is
suppressed by a union of the banks and Execu-
tive—a union a hundred times more dangerous
than that of church and State, against which the
Constitution has so jealously guarded. It would
be the announcement of a state of things from
which, it is to be feared, there can be no recov-
ery—a state of boundless corruption, and the
lowest and basest subserviency. It seems to be
the order of Providence that, with the exception
of these, a people may recover from any other
evil. Piracy, robbery, and violence of any de-
scription, may, as history proves, be followed by
virtue, patriotism, and national greatness; but
where is the example to be found of a degenerate,
corrupt, and subservient people, who have ever
recovered their virtue and patriotism ? Their
doom has ever been the lowest state of wretched-
ness and misery, scorned, trodden down, and
obliterated forever from the list of nations. May
Heaven grant that such may never be our doom?
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. J. ROBERTSON,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
April 5, 1836.
The House, as in Committee of the Whole, having under
consideration the Navy Appropriation Bill—
Mr. ROBERTSON said he had desired to
address the committee for the purpose of pre-
senting his views, not so much in reference to
the particular amendment now under considera-
tion as upon other more important and interesting
topics introduced into the debate. We were now
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and he should avail himself of the latitude
allowed to others, of reviewing, with them, the
general policy of the Administration. He would
endeavor to accompany his colleague [Mr. Gar-
land] in his pursuit after truth, and examine
how far the party in power had adhered to those
fundamental principles which he, as well as his
colleague, professed to venerate. He should
compare the promises of that party with their
performances, and contrast their acts with their
professions.
Before entering on this examination, he would
take occasion to say he would vote for liberal
appropriations for every constitutional and proper
object. He would do so on the ground of a just
economy. But he would sanction no expenditure
beyond what the public interest and necessity
required, merely to get rid of our superfluous
treasure. He was desirous, especially, of placing
the Navy on such a footing as would enable it
fully to protect our commerce, and to add to the
glory it had won for the country. The best
method of attaining this object he must leave, in
a great measure, to gentlemen possessed of more
firactical information. But there were obvious
imits to expenditures even for that object. Strong
objections existed to a large and immediate in--
crease of the Navy, which, at an early period
after the commencement of the present Adminis-
tration, had been fully presented by the President
to Congress. In the annual message of Decem-
ber, 1829, the opinion was expressed that " in
time of peace we have need of no more ships of
war than are requisite to the protection of com-
merce; that those not wanted for that purpose
would, under the best precautious, soon become
useless, and that we should discontinue building
ships of the first and second class, and look rather
to the collection of ample materials."
Mr. R. said he was opposed to lavish appro-
priations, not for the Navy only, but to those
which seemed to be contemplated for every other
branch of the public service. They are not suited
to the nature of our institutions, and are at war
with the principles upon which the present party
came into power. These principles were ably as-
serted in a report made to this House in 1828, by
Mr. Hamilton, and one made to the Senate in
1826, (Mr. Benton's,) and had been reiterated
again and again by the present Chief Magistrate.
[Mr. R. referred particularly to the annual mes-
sages of '29, '32, and '33, as recommendingiig-id
economy, and condemning all unnecessary expendi-
tures.] Even in his last message, looking to the
peculiar condition of the country, he had not seem-
ingly contemplated an expenditure, unless war
should actually take place, of more than about
$24,000,000. But now (said Mr. R.) all appre-
hensions of a war with France had vanished; with
the exception of the disturbances on our Indian
border, we are in theenjoymentof profound peace;
the national debt is discharged; and what do we
behold? An evident anxiety to get rid of the sur-
plus revenue by unusual and wasteful appropria-
tions. The report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury presents estimates for upwards of twenty-
three millions and a half, to which add the unex-
pended appropriations of the last year, and we
have an aggregate amount for the expenses of the
current year of .about thirty-one millions. I do
not understand that any considerable reduction,
notwithstanding the change in our foreign rela-
tions, is contemplated below the Treasury esti-
mates; and the party who denounced the extrav-
agant expenditures of the preceding Administra-
tion, averaging some ten or twelve millions per
annum, will now probably ask for the service of
a single year, on a peace establishment,upwards
of thirty millions. Of this enormous sum, only
about three millions are necessary for the civil
list, foreign intercourse, and miscellaneous ex-
penses. A very large proportion of the residue
is to be applied in procuring materials and labor
for public works. May we not apprehend serious
inconvenience from the great demand which such
appropriations will occasion for labor ? If, as is
probably the case, the demand is already equal to
the whole disposable labor of the country, the in-
creased demand will produce no other effect than
merely to augment the wages of labor, without
adding to the supply. An appropriation of twenty
millions will, in that case, command little more
labor than ten; or, if more labor shall be pro-
cured, it must probably be withdrawn injuriously
from agriculture or the mechanic arts. Many
and extensive works are now in progress and in
contemplation, some of them carried on by indi-
viduals and companies with their own resources;
some by States, receiving no aid from the Gen-
eral Government. [Mr. R. mentioned the im-
provement in his own State from the city of Rich-
mond to the mouth of the Kanawha; the Ohio
and Baltimore railroad; the proposed connections
between Cincinnati and Charleston, and between
Nashville and New Orleans.] The United States
coming into competition, and authorizing its
agents to procure the necessary labor, without
regard to price, will necessarily withdraw it from
those who can less conveniently afford to give ex-
cessive wages. The vast additional sums, there-
fore, proposed to be expended in the public works
of the United States cannot fail to increase con-
siderably the expense, and retard the completion,
of those carried on by the States and individuals.
This will not be thought a groundless apprehen-
sion, when it is recollected that Colonel Gratiot
has assigned as a reason for not using about
$100,000 appropriated for a fort on East river,
New York, the impossibility of obtaining the
requisite force to carry on the work, though ma-
terials and facilities of every kind had been pro-
cured.
After appropriating all that the public neces-
sities require, or that can bejudiciously expended,
it cannot be doubted there must still remain a
large surplus; and it becomes us at once to devise
some mode for judiciously disposing of it. A
variety of schemes have been suggested. Shall we
permit it to be idle? waste it in unnecessary ex-
penditures? invest it in stocks or loans? or dis-
tribute it among the States ? These seem to be
the only alternatives.
To permit it to remain unused, besides the in-
jury resulting from keeping so large a capital
unemployed, we may reasonably anticipate heavy
losses. To leave it in deposit, for the banks to
trade upon, must necessarily be attended with
hazard. They will not keep it idle, and may find
it very inconvenient to replace it when demanded.
In proof of this, Mr. R. adverted to the condition
of the public deposits in the Bank of Michigan.
In that bank, having a capital of §150,000, we
have, it seems, nearly eight hundred thousand
dollars on deposit; and we are bound to believe,
upon information of members present, that this
deposit, or considerable portions of it, have been
remitted to New York, and lent out at an interest
of four per cent. Independently of the risk, there
is great injustice in giving the advantage of the
public deposits to favored States or favored banks,
m the manner now practiced. Supposing an
amount often or twelve millions to remain in New
York, as will probably be the case, unless the
fund be distributed, that State may realize a profit
of five or six hundred thousand dollars by its use,
while other States derive no advantage, though
they shall have contributed their full proportion
to raise it. No one, I presume, expects that this
vast sum can be hoarded up in specie. If such
an attempt were made, the surplus over and above
what is needed for the public service, which for
six years to come mustconstantly increase, would
very soon absorb the whole metallic currency of
the United States.
Aware of the impolicy of keeping the public
treasure unemployed, much ingenuity has been
displayed in devising plans for consuming it. In
addition to the enormousestimates from the Treas-
ury Department, we have propositions to erect
court-houses, custom-hou ses, and other buildings,
for the use of the United States; and to enter into
contracts with railroad companies for the privi-
lege of transporting the mail. These schemes I
trust will not prevail. It is by no means desir-
able that the General Government should obtain
more permanent footing upon the soil of the
States, or become proprietors of expensive build-
ings, which must have superintendents and guards
to preserve them, and consequently add to that
patronage already so much deprecated. Nor
should we desire to see the General Government
extensively engaging in contracts with chartered
companies, and mingling with the private con-
cerns of the States. It is scarcely to be credited
that serious difficulties will be thrown in the way
of the mails; and it would be strange, indeed,if
this great modern improvement should, in this
particular instance, result in increasing the diffi-
culty or expense of transportation.
Another expedient proposed is the investment
of the surplus in loans or stocks. This does not
overcome the difficulty, but only postpones it. I
trust the Treasury of the United States is not to
be engaged in stock-jobbing, or converted into a
great loan office. But suppose this recommenda-
tion adopted, how can the public money be more
judiciously or more safely invested than in loans
to the States? If Congress may constitutionally
lend, the States, none can doubt, can constitu-
tionally borrow. There is an evident propriety,
too, if such investments should be made, in giv-
ing them this direction. If lent to corporations
or individuals and lost, the States must make
good the deficiency whenever it shall be wanted.
These corporations or individuals would therefore
be trading on public money, at the public risk;
but if employed by the States, though required
to replace it, they would realize the benefit re-
sulting from its employment. It may happen,
however, that the ordinary revenue, for years to
come, will exceed the necessary expenses of
Government, and in that case there will be no
occasion to require the amount lent to be re-
turned. In this view a loan, I admit, would not
differ substantially from an absolute distribution
among the States, against which my colleague
has so warmly protested.
But is there any sound objection to a direct
distribution of the surplus revenue among the
States ?   Coming from a' Slate jealous of its rights
