1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
24th Cong.... 1st Sfss.
Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Robertson.
Ho. of Reps.
ami dis,tin<nushtd for its stint constiuction of '
the Ftdinl (. (institution, I havt ;nm into the
ciiminatioii of tins imiMiie v ith i oioi g bus
B^iinst its constitutionality 1 In itMtltot thu
t vimin uion is a thoiou^h com u lion thit, so
far at least a* u .raids tlu proctitis ot th lmds
ctdtd bv tin Stutts.u i^ notonlv, not pi imbuid,
but is (\pitssl\ (.njoiiud by tin. (. onstituti >n,
and. mult i pusiiit en unist uici s, is th most
r\ptdit nt disposition th it mho mult In sup-
poil ot this proposition. I iiii,hl, pi i li ij s, eoit-
tent nnst.lt Willi ntming to in mitbonty of
most t omm imlitij; intlut tuc in this. Uoust At
 nenl\ period altti his n.tt ssion—1 was about
tos\yto the thiono—tins 1 indulge, I kai, sn ,
may in a short turn become taimltu—thepiesuu
Clutf Mtgistntt, t onti mpl Uing the piobiblt
accumuluion of mom v in the 1 lensm v, delib-
orittly it't oinmondid t  Com^ss a plan toi dis-
posing of it \l1ci alluding " to tht ditlicultit «,
which hid attended ippi opri Uions tor internal
jmprovt nient, and those whnh ixpirnnce tells
us will ct itamly arise u hentvt r powu ou i such
subjects nny be c vt reined by the General Gov-
ernment," he says, (message ot December,
lb3!>.)
'■ To avoid thesecvils.it appears turne tint the most
sale, ju^t, mj ifdt ial disposition which could he made oi
tht -urplua rev i nut would be its ijiji.h tiniinit in ininng the
si i ril i>titLs ic oiJuia t i th u r mo ot r prist nt it ton ,
and should this met urt n>i b t mud win i it d bv tlie
Constitution, thit it Would ht expuhciit to propose to the
Jsiate> an amendment authorizing it   '
The distribution thus recommended, it will be
observed, embraced the whole siuplus revenue,
and not that merely arising tiom silts oí public
lands The passage just lead was incorporated,
and the principle reasserted, m the nit ssage of
May, 1830, justifying his veto on the Maysville
road bill. Again, in Ins annual messigc of De-
cember, 1S3Ü, he íecuis to the plan he had thus
proposed, and rephts to the objections urged
against it.    The objections enumerated are—
1. An objection to the ritio of distribution.
2    An apprehension that such a íegulation
would produce linpiovid nt and oppressive tax-
ation to raise funds for distnbution
3    That it would lead to the construction of
works ot a local natuic
4    That it would cieato a discreditable and in-
jurious dependence on the part of the State gov-
ernments upon the Federal power
This enumeration, comprising all the objec-
tions, " so lar as they had come to his knowl-
edge," embiaces none on the score of unconsti-
tutionality, nor is any difficulty of that nature
alludid to But now, it seems, this plan is de-
nounced by my colleague as a vile abomination.
Sir, he could not be aware, in aiming his blow,
on whose head it was destined to fall. But it
may be supposed the President has changed his
opinions and ht nee it is that my colleague ex-
claims, with a holy honor, ■'Touch not, taste
not, handle not " How far his opinions have
undergone a ch uige, I Know not, nor will I an-
ticipate, as many do, a veto, in case Congress
should now adopt the incisure he has himself so
deliberately and rept atedly recommended. I per-
ceive nothing in the message returning Mr Clat's
land bill, to wairant the belief that he will with-
hold his concunence from a bill authorizing the
suiplus funds arising from the sales of lands to
be distributed among the States Before noticing
particularly the objections urged in that message,
or others which have been suggested, I beg leave,
very briefly, to piesent to the committee the íea-
Bons \i Inch satisfy my mind that such a distri-
bution is strictly constitutional.
I shall not detain the committee by a minute
history of the causes that led to the acquisition
of the public lands. It is well known that the
immense territory stretching from the Ohio to
the lakes, comprising the fertile and flourishing
States of Ohio, Illinois and Indiana, and the Tei-
ntones of Michigan and Wisconsin, is held by
the United States under a grant from the State of
Virginia, made in 1764. The deed of cession,
afti r making various reservations, explicitly de-
clares-
«' Thit ill the lmds within the Territories so ceded to
the L'ni eri Stitcs, and not reserved for, or appropriated to,
auy ot the belorcmtntioned purposes, or di-po?ed <>l in
bounties to the officers and soldiers ot the American Army,
bhi I he considered as a common fund, lor the use and
bcnelit tf inch of the United States is have become, or
Mull In i un ni nil) is ot tin Com dention, or Icdenl
illume ot tin i il-stiti , \irgmii nielusiVL, iccoidmg to
t mrtt ml u pi ct v pinpnti uisot thes iierilrliu re mil
i \n ndituii, i I Inllh lutliliilh u d lorn lile di posed
t 1 > Hit pmpi e, uid loi no other use or purpose vvhatso
t \   r   '
In mostoi ,ill the grants fiom othei States theie
an s mil n pmvisions The turns thus decían d
wire leoepttd bv thi Conftdciacy Whin the
pusmt Govt imm nt was foinud, the United
"-> itesn_rnn \cknowlcdgi d then obligatory force
The si\th amele ot the Constitution declares:
' \ll dilit  cinitrieted intl eniigi meats entered into,
hi line th- ulopiion ol this Constitution, shall he ns valid
uinist tin L in it d ^utc>, undei tills Constitution, as under
the Loiiiidi i mon   '
And in the fouith iiticle it is provided, that—
' l iMi^rriss slull Invt povvu todi-post ol, ind in ike ill
m (1 ill uiln mil r ¿ul minis ri pitting the territory or
otliti p opiiti h Ioii.mii.  to tin I nitid s-titis and notions;
in tin-( on-titiiuon shall bi bo eonstiuidas to prepidice
.inv 11 unís ot the United ¡states, or ol any particular
¡st Ue   '
These piovisions of the Constitution leave no
room to doubt the obligation upon Congress to
rtspect the stipulations of the grant. This,
indeed, is the view taken by the President in the
message íejecting the land bill. In objecting to
the ptovision which proposed to give twelve and
a half per cent out of the netpioceeds to the new
States, he says:
' VY hat more need be slid to demonstrate its objection
able cluracttr, thin that it is in direu and undisguised
vio'ition ot the ph d^e given hy Congress to the States,
b tore i-mgh t c- ion vvi> made , tint it ibrorratis the con
dition upon which some ot the ¡states came into the Union ,
and th it it sets at mught the terms of cession spread upon
the tice ot i vir> ¿run under which the title of that portion
oí the public I mils is held bv the Federal Government'1"
Again, alluding to the deeds of cession, he
says.
' The Constitution of the United States did not delegate
to Congress the power to abrogate these compacts On tht
contrary by declaring that nothing in it' shall be construed
to prejudice anj claims of the United States, or of any par
ticularState,' it virtually provides that these compacts shall
remain untouched hy the legislmve power, winch shall
only make all' needlul rules and regulations' for carrying
them into effect "
At the date of the original grant, the States,
whatever may be the modern doctrine, were inde-
pendent sovcieignties, associated togethei by arti-
cles of Confedeiation, and bearing this in mind,
it is evident that the use and benefit contemplated
by the grant were such as might be enjoyed by
them in their separate as well as in their confed-
erate character
It is a mistake to suppose, as my colleague does,
that the lands, after paying the suLsisting debt,
were dedicated solely to the purpose of lessening
the requisitions upon the States. I do not deny
that the application of the fund to the common
purposes of the Confederacy would be one method
by which the States might realize the benefit re-
served But it is not the sole method Likeeveiy
othei common fund, the lands themselves may
be divided, or the ptoceeds distributed seveially
among those entitled to the beneficial use the
terms aie sufficiently comprehensive to authorize
such division. There is nothing to confine the
use to the parties in their aggregate capacities
Had this been the sole object, it would have been
attained by simply declaring that the proceeds
should in all cases be paid into the common treas-
ury. But the provision is not that the lands shall
be appropriated to the general charge and expend-
ltute, but that they shall be a common fund for
the use of the States—Virginia inclusive—accord-
ing to their respective proportion of that chaige
and expenditure The charge and expenditure
are not mentioned as the purposes to which the
fundís to be applied, but as constituting the meas-
ure or ratio by which the rights of the respective
States shall be adjusted
A large amount arising from the sales of lands
is now in the Treasury It is not wanted for
general expend.tures. The public necessities do
not require it. To hold the lands out of the mar-
ket, which would be our duty, if the pioceedscan
only be used to meet general expenses, would, it
is said, unjustly retard the settlement of the west-
ern States The President recommends that the
principles on which the compromise of the tanff
was settled should not be disturbed From these
causes it is probable that the revenue, from
sources independent of the public lands, for the
next six years will suffice for all the public ex-
igencies, and the fund from that source, unless
wasted, or divided, must continue to accumulate
If this be so, theie is no method whereby the
States can denve the benefit secured by the deeds
of cession, cind guaiantied by the United States,
but by receiving their due proportions of this
common fund.
But this measure, so safe, just, and federal in
1829, is now vile and unconstitutional. Every
effort is made to deciy and defeat it I beg leave
briefly to examine some of the principal objec-
tions aniyed against it
My colleague complains of the injustice of the
pioposed ratio of distribution, and of the fifteen
per cent claimed foi the new States over and
above their respective quotas. There may be
some difficulty in deciding what would be the
most just and legal íule of apportionment among
the States. The Virginia deed of cession adopts
the usual propoitions in which they contribute
íespectively to the general charge and expend-
ltuie If the measure of contribution to that
expenditure, pointed out by the Articles of Con-
federation, be regaided as the proper basis of
distribution, then the value of lands granted or
surveyed will give the rule. But if the provision
in the Federal Constitution, apportioning direct
taxes among the States, be resorted to, the ratio
of representation will be the ratio of distribution.
This is the rule recommended by the President.
In the message of December, 1830, he says:
" The ratio of representation presented itself to my mind,
and still does, as one ol obvious equity, because of its being
the ratio of contribution, whether the iunds to be distributed
be derived Irom the customs or from direct taxation "
If one more equitable can be legally devised let
us adopt it. As to the idea of allowing fifteen per
cent for the new States, the bill is not before us,
and it is not proper, therefore, to discuss the pro-
visions it may contain. I will only say, I am as
much opposed as my colleague, to any measure
giving to the new States, or any others, an unjust
preference. But the asseition of such a prefeience,
or the doubt respecting the proper rule of distri-
bution, forms no good reason why we should re-
fuse to claim our just pioportion, whatever that
limy be
But to receive this, it seems, would detract from
the dignity and independence of the States; they
would become the ¡stipendiaries of the General
Government. This objection was fully answered
in the message of December, 1830. The Presi-
dent says:
" in regard to the last objection—its probable effect upon
the dignity and independence ot the State governments—it
appears to me only necessirv to state the case as it l , and
as it would be it the measures proposed were idopted, to
show that the operation is most likely to be the very re-
verse of that which the objection supposes In the one
ci=e the State would receive its quota of the national rev-
enue for domestic use upon a rived principle, as i matter
ot right, and fiom a lund to the creation of which it had
contnbuted its tairproportion , surely there i ould he nothing
derogatory in that Asimtters now stand, the Mates them
selves, in their sovereign chiracter, ire not tinfiequently
petitioners at the bir ot llie Fedt ril Legislature for «ncli
allowances out of the Nitional Treasury as it may com
portvvith their plta-ure or sense of duty to bestow upon
them It cannot n quire argument to prove which of the
two courses is mo«t compitible with the efficiency or re-
spectability of the State governments "
I trust the States will never surrender their
dignity or independence, but, consideimg the
United States, in regard to the public lands, as a
mere trustee, whose powers and duties are plainly
defined, it is strange it should be gravely urged
that there is anything humiliating in demanding
from them an execution of the trust The States
apply habitually to the General Government for
custom houses, post offices, post roads, and other
benefits it was created to confer, without being
supposed to sacrifice their dignity. But they are
to be regarded as mendicants when only claiming
what is lawfully their own '
But " money," weaietold.is "power." Will
the General Government, then, use this power
more judiciously  or more   honestly  than the
States'    It would be but a poor compliment to
the States to say so     And from what quartet do
we hear this >   From those who are willing to
retain this corrupting power themselves.    We
hear it, too, from Slates which hold large portions
, of this fund of coiruption, and have no scruples
I to receive ítforpuiposesofinternalimprovement,
I while the southern States refuse to participate.
