1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Robertson.
Ho. of Reps.
a dangerous doctrine, which authorizes him or
hi  successor to intrust the whole revenue of the '
country to ,ne envoy extraordinaiy and minister
plenipotentiary of the deposit banks, or give it tor
sit   kt< ping to the Alb my Regency
Sir, it is manifest that time is impropriety and
dinger in the promt system of managing the
public troiiure The President seems conscious
of till'-, oi finds that he has taken upon himself a
burduisome duty A"? far back as Decembei,
1 34, he earntstly united Congress to make
suitable legislative provisions respecting the de-
posits in the State banks. But, urgent as the
necessity appears,as yet none have bet,n adopted
1 cannot omit to notice another fligiant proof
of the negUct of the public inteiests by the dom-
inant pnrtv I allude to the failure of the fortifi-
cation bill of the last session My colleague has,
very properly, left that question to be settled by
the p-utits concerned I have but little to say
upon it. It Ins been fully discussed. The loss
of this bill has been made the subject of giave
accusation, upon high authority, against the
Senate, and incidentally against the minority in
this House The chaise has been met and re-
pelled It has been shown, to the satisfaction of
every candid man, that the blame was with the
ruling majority, and chiefly upon the chairman
of our conference committee, [Mr Cambreleng ]
That gentleman was directed to íeport an agree-
ment of the committee, but thought pioper to
remain silent, upon a gratuitous assumption that
there was no quorum
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he had not made
a gratuitous assumption The foimer Speaker
would tell the gentkman there was no quorum.
Mr. ROBERTSON If the former Speaker
were in his seat, he would say there was a quorum
present when the gentleman returned, and long
after. The gentleman had inferred theie was no
quorum, because only one hundred and thirteen
members had voted recently before, oi about the
time of his leturn. Nothing is more common—
it is a thing of daily occurrence—that a less num-
ber than a quorum votes, when a full quoium is
actually present. But who, sir, authorized the
chairman of the committee to decide that question?
It was his duty to make his report, or at least to
offer to do so,and leave it to the House to decide
whether they could receive it. Any fifteen mem-
bers might have compelled the attendance of ab-
sentees Seven only, at most, were wanting, in
addition to those who had just voted on a resolu-
tion before the House; and it is a fact shown by
the Journals, and which, perhaps, has not been
distinctly brought to the view of the committee,
that on a motion to adjourn, made shortly after,
thirteen members voted, who did not vote on the
resolution, showing six over ti quorum, and fur-
ther, that on the final motion for adjournment,
twenty six members voted who did not vote on
the resolution, showing a number within the con-
trol of the House, when the chairman returned,
and who had no scruples against voting, of nine-
teen over a full quorum. But the design was to
throw the blame upon the odious Senate, and this
measure, agreed upon in conference—a measure
required for the defense of the country, and which,
I doubt not, the Senate, as well as the minority
of this House, were anxious to adopt—was sup-
pressed and lost by the friends of the Adminis-
tration, and especially in consequence of the
coursepursuedby the gentleman from New York,
[Mr Cambreleng.] For myself, sir, I would
have voted for it willingly in the shape it came
from the committee, though opposed to the con-
tingent appropriation of three millions which it
originally contained. That enormous appropri-
ation was at war with sound republican principles,
nor was there any occasion which justified it
The sums authorized by the bill, without it, were
amply sufficient in case war should not ensue,
and if that should have seemed inevitable, Con-
gress must have convened before the residue of
the appropriation could have been exhausted.
But, sir, the private wishes of the President had
been made known and circulated confidentially
among some of the members of the House. This
is another and a striking proof of the exercise of
Executive influence over its deliberations The
Constitution requires open communications from
the President to Congress.   If the practice of in-
fluencing members through private, unwritten
messages shall be indulged or tolerated here,
there is an end of the independence of this body
It will bo as well to extend a little further the
modern doctrine of expunging, and, in addition
to the clause lequiring both Houses to keep a
Journal, to expunge that which declares that
Congress shall assemble at least once m every
year It would be better at once to adopt the ad-
vice of Majoi Downing, and dispense with so
superfluous a machinery
No man can view, without apprehension, the
rapid growth of Executive power and influence
since the accession of the present Administration,
nor without being stiuck with the contrast be-
tween the lepublicanism of 1798and the Jackson
uemocracy of 1836 I have already alluded to
the celebiated reports made in 1826 and 1828,
asserting the doctrines of the old republican party,
and tlieir plans of retienchment and lefoim I
beg leave to advirt to some of their leading prin-
ciples and views [Mr. R. lead passages fiom
the irports of Mr Benton and Mi Hamilton,
illustrative of the tenets of the republican paity ]
Yes, sir, the old republican party were the advo-
cates of economy in expenditures, they appre-
hended danger from the enormous power of the
Executive, icsisted its encroachments, and de-
nounced its abuses above all, they earnestly dep-
recated the employment of a Government press
I ask the especial attention of the committee to
the eloquent remarks of the author of the report
of 1828, whose sincerity none will question [Mr
R read a passage from the speech of Mr. Ham-
ilton, delivered in the House of Representatives,
in February, 1827 ]
I can add nothing to the force of the argument
here piesented But how have these doctiines
been carried out ? At the last session of Congress
a resolution was offered to exclude all persons
concerned in public journals fiom any shaie in
the punting required fortheQoveinment; another
resolution (winch I had myself the honor to sub-
mit) pioposed to dispense with the office of
printer to either House of Congress, to provide
that all printing on public account should be done
by contract, and to exclude from any participa-
tion all who held office under the Government.
You well remember, sir, the fate of these piopo-
sitions In a report drawn by jtourself, the pro-
posed exclusion of the editonal corps was de-
scribed as an unconstitutional pioscnption Yet
to my mind it seems clear that if we have the
power to create the office, we have the light to
determine its qualifications. We may admit or
exclude aliens, or minors, without violating the
Constitution, and if so may, upon the same prin-
ciple, exclude editors or officers of Government,
if their appointment be incompatible with the
nature of the office or injurious to the public in-
terests These piopositions, like most other at-
tempts during the present Administration to carry
into practice the doctrines of reform, so ably
maintained by the old Republican party, were
put down. The office of punter to the House of
Representatives has been bestowed upon the offi-
cial organ of the Executive—upon the editor of a
political journal, devoted to the indiscriminate
support of the dominant party and abuse of the
Opposition. Has a solitary instance ever oc-
curred in which that journal has denounced, or
even questioned, an Executive measure' Yet he
will receive from the public Tieasury probably
not less than eighty or one hundred thousand
dollars annually, and realize, it is supposed, a
profit exceeding the salary of the highest officer
of the Government There is danger in thus
selecting the organ of the Executive as the officer
of the House of Representatives. It brings into
too close association departments which the pub-
lic interest, as well as the Constitution, require
should be separate and distinct. Nor is this all.
Let any man look to the Blue Book, and compare
the number and compensation of public printers
in 1827, when reform was so urgently demanded,
with those in 1835 and 1836, and he will have
still stronger evidence of the difference between
profession and practice. We have heard much
of the danger of standing military force. A stand-
ing army of venal editors is far more dangerous
to liberty. Force may be repelled by force; and
the arm of one man who strikes for freedom may
prevail against a host of mercenaries, but the
press, when subsidized by power, misleads the
judgment and coriupts the heait
In further proof of our departure from sound
republican do trines, and of the incieasing influ-
ence of the Executive, I beg leave to mention a
practice which seems to me of dangerous tend-
ency, worthy of our serious notice. It has been
often asserted in this Hall, that, in appointing
committees of the House of Representatives,
members should be selected who are in habits of
intimate intercourse with the President and heads
of Departments, or acceptable to them. If such a
practice hasprevailed, asitis said, oris nowgain-
mg giound, it is time to arrestit. The Executive
has nothing to do with the organization of either
House of Congress Their functions are dif-
ferent; and this attempt to unite them would be
equally at war with the spint of our institutions,
and destiuctive of the best interests of the coun-
tiy How would it sound, were it proposed to
make a legal or constitutional provision, giving
the nomination of our standing committees to the
Piesident, or his Cabinet' Would it not utterly
prostrate the independence of Congress ' And
if so, ought a proceeding to be sanctioned by
usage, which no republican would consent to
establish by law' Such a course gives to the
Executive the initiation of all laws. With the
power to initiate, and the constitutional veto,
what barrier is there against absolute power in
the Executive department' This veto has been
exerted with unusual frequency during the pres-
ent Administration, and even rudely threatened
in advance By a document laid on our desks
during the present session, we are told that the
President announced his determination to apply
it, unless Congiess should adopt a particular
course touching the Ohio and Michigan contro-
versy. Sir, such an intimation ought to be re-
gaided as an affront to the dignity and independ-
ence of Congress.
And what are the mighty services which thj
party have rendered to the country, to atone for
all the abuses they have practiced > They tell u 
of the victory at New Orleans, and of the victory
over the Bank of the United States. For the
military servires of General Jackson none is more
willing to tender him all giatitude and honor. Í
could rejoice, too, sir, at his victory over the
bank, had it not been accompanied by the assump-
tion of dangerous powers, and followed by a vast
accession to the already overgrown authority of
the Executive. But it is to this or other meas
ures of the Administration the dominant party
have ascribed the general prosperity of the coun-
try. Sir, the prosperity of the country comes
from other sources. A higher power has made
the sun to shine and the showers to descend, and
rewarded the skill and industry of our citizens.
They claim credit, too, for the payment of thrt
national debt The pretension is equally un-
founded. You may as well ascribe it to the clerk
who paid the money at the counter. The idea i J
as ludicrous as that of the old man who ascribed
the shoals in Sandwich Haven to the building of
Tenterden steeple. When Sir Thomas Moors
inquired of this old citizen (thinking him, fron.
his great age, most likely to know) the causa
why Sandwich Haven was obstructed by sand,
his answer was, "Sir, I am an old man; and Í
think that Tenterden steeple is the cause Of the
Goodwin sands." "And pray what is your
reason," said Sir Thomas Moore, " for thinking
this'" "I am an old man,sir,"said he, " and I
may remember the building of the steeple, and 1
may remember when there was no steeple. And
before the steeple was built, there was no manner
of speaking of any flats or sand s that stopped the
haven; and, therefore, I think the building of
Tenterden steeple is the cause of the destroying
of Sandwich Haven." So, sir, we all remember
when this Administration came in; and we all
remember there was then a national debt; and
we all know the debt is now paid; but the Admin-
istration, nevertheless, no more paid the public
debt than Tenterden steeple filled Sandwich
Haven with sand
Nor can I assent to the high commendations
bestowed by my colleague upon the policy pur-
sued by the Administration in relation to the re-
cent controversy with France; nor agree with the
