656
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Navy Appropriation Bill—Mr. Robertson.
Ho. of Reps.
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Jarus,] or others,
who represent it as the universal belief of mem- !
'otr% towaids the close of the last session, that
war would ensue. If that was the opinion of
members, I can only say members did not speak
■  hat they believed It is true, none could know
how far rash councils on either side might carry
us, but, at the period alluded to, no immediate
collision was anticipated. Is it forgotten that the
Senate had unanimously adopted a resolution de-
claring that " there was no occasion for any legis-
lative measuies in regard to the state of affairs
between the United States and France," and that
a resolution to the same effect had been offered by
one of my colleagues [Mr. Pattov] in the House
of Representatives ' Is it forgotten that our then
chairman of Fereign Relations himself, [Mt.Cam-
brkleng,] in his report to the House, declared
that there was " satisfactory evidence that the
French Government desired that the indemnity
should be paid, and reason to hope that the Cham-
ber of Deputies would faithfully discharge the ob-
ligations of France to the United States'" This
report was made on the 27th February, four days
onlyprevious to our final adjournment. Yet, not-
withstanding the ob\ ious propriety of affording
some time for deliberation; notwithstanding the
chairman had been spurred, goaded, I may say,
by the venerable gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] he withheld his report till within a
a few days previous to the constitutional termina-
tion of the session. With these proofs before us,
how can it be said there was at that time even a
general expectation of war' For one, I could not
bring myself to believe in the probability of such
an event. War, sir!—for what' We have heard
of wars of ambition, of conquest, of revenge, of
policy; but who ever heard of a war of etiquette'
And yet subsequent negotiations rendered it but
too probable. Sir, history affords no instance of
two civilized nations placed in a situation so ridic-
ulous, and at the same time so perilous. We were
brought, by the rashness and folly of those to
whom we had intrusted our destinies, to a point
from which it was ruinous to advance, and dis-
graceful to retreat; and we were snatched from
the brink of the precipice, not by the good sense
or ability of our negotiators on either side, but
by the kind offices of a friendly Power, or the
providential interference of Heaven.
But my colleague denies that the President rec-
ommended reprisals, or that reprisals are cause of
war. I confess I was surprised at tins. When
he shall read the message again, he will find that
the measure was recommended in terms too strong
to admit of doubt. It is true the President leaves
the time to be decided upon by Congress; but he
follows up this concession, with an explicit opin-
ion, that if the appropriation should not be made
"at the next session, every day's delay on our
part would be a stain upon our national honor,"
and adds:
" Since France, in violation of th« pledges given through
her Minister here, has delayed her final action so long that
her decision will not probably be known in time to be com-
municated to this Congress, I recommend that a law be
passed authorizing reprisals upon French property, in case
provision shall not be made for the payment of the debt at
the approaching session of the French Chambers "
Sir, it is impossible to doubt the meaning of
this recommendation, or not to know that, had it
been Adopted, we should now have been in the
midst of a bloody war. It will notdo to say that
reprisals are no cause of war; it matters not what
may be the doctrines of Puffendorff or Vattel; the
first blow that should have been struck on the
ground of reprisals, would have been instantly
retaliated.
My colleague seemed conscious of this, and
willing to excuse the Administration by imputing
the danger of a colusión with France to the op-
position, or the opposition papers in this coun-
try. He referred to an article in the National
Intelligencer.
Mr. GARLAND briefly explained. The arti-
cles in the National Intelligencer persisted in the
assertion that the message conveyed a menace,
and that the French Government ought so to con-
sider it; and they also stated that the people of
the United States would not sustain their own
Executive in his recommendations. He had not
said a word about the motives of the partías, but
had stated the fact as it was.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Sir, I cannot believe that
the French Government consulted Messrs. Gales
& Seaton to know what was due to its?lf, or as
guides to direct its course. The President and
his party disclaimed all intention of a menace,
and it is, indeed, a flattering compliment paid by
my colleague to the Intelligencer to suppose that
more credit was attached, in France, to the views
and statements of that paper, than to those of the
Executive, its supporters, and its official oigan.
But we have peace: and rest the blame whett it
may of having endangered it, we have all cause
to rejoice at its restoration—doubly so when we
look to the manner in which the petty war in
Florida has been conducted. Under this militaiy
administration we have seen three major generals,
with a force of some twelve or fifteen hundred
men, employed against a far inferior force of
Indians. A gallant corps of upwards of one hun-
dred of our countrymen has been cut off almost
to a man. In the brief space of two or three
months, we have appropriated upwaids of eleven
hundred thousand dollars; and if reports, appa-
rently authentic, are to be credited, to such extrem-
ities have our troops been reduced, that they have
been under the necessity of shooting away the
traces of their wagons for ammunition, and using
their horses for food.
Mr. Chairman, I am sensible of having too
long trespassed on the indulgence of the commit-
tee. Some apology will be found, I trust, in the
vast number of important topics brought under
discussion by those who have preceded me. I
have endeavored to touch them as briefly as possi-
ble. Before taking my seat, there is one other
subject on which I beg leave to saya few words.
My colleague, in the course of his remarks,
directly brought into view the approaching pres-
idential election, and, to my great surprise, en-
tered into a vindication of the Baltimore caucus.
Mr. GARLAND said he had not introduced
these subjects, but only referred to them in reply
to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.]
Mr. ROBERTSON. If the gauntlet was thrown
down on the one side, it was readily taken up on
the other. I impute no blame to my colleague;
but if it was lawful for him to reply, I presume
I have a right to follow him. I agree with gen-
tlemen who say that this Hall ought not to be
converted into an electioneering arena- but it is
a wholesome practice, occasionally to review,
with the utmost freedom, the course and policy
of the Government, to examine how far they
accord with those fundamental principles of which
my colleague speaks, and on which our institu-
tions are founded; toguard against the approaches
of despotism. Nor should we be deterred from
this review because some of the topics which lie
in our way may be thought to bear on the pre-
tensions of candidates for the Presidency.
Sir, in my humble judgment, there has been a
palpable and dangerous attempt, on the part of
the President, to interfere in the approaching
election of his successor, and to give the influ-
ence of his name and powei to the suppoitof his
favorite candidate. The charge of dictation, I
know, is denied, but the letter itself, containing
the denial, leaves no room to doubt that the at-
tempt was made, as far as it was prudent to make
it.    I request that the Clerk may read it.
The Clerk read the letter from General Jack-
son to Rev. James Gwin, as follows:
Washington, February 23, 1835
My Reverend Sir   I observed in the National Repub
liean of the 10th instant, an amele headed " General Jack-
son's preference," which I think it ray duty to noticp
All my friends know, that since I have been in the E«c
utive chair, I have carefully abstained from an interference
with the elective franchise, and have inviriably acted upon
the principle that to the people belonged the exercise of this
-«acred right—uninfluenced by any considerations but those
which related to the public good. And yet the editor of
this paper professing to entertain great respect for my char-
11 acter, undertakes ttfconnectme pcrsonilly with an attempt
to divide the great body of repnblrcinsin the choice Which
they are to make of a President; and, by way ot giving
effect to his insinuation, appeals, in the language of my
bitterest enemies here and elsewhere, to the independence
1 of the people as a shield against "my dicfition," which
he supposes may be attempted
Every one must see that the professions of the editor in
that article are made to take the form of friendship, m order
I    that he may more successfully carry out his purpose of op
II  posing the great republican principles which I haveendeav
I' ored to advance as President of Uie United States; and one
1  of which, not to aay tag most important, i* tlit necessity of
looking above persons in any exigmcv which t!ir< ittn= the
ascendency of those principle-. All m\ fuends mu t per
cene that to be consistent mv preteit net, is fir \s mon
art concernid, ought to be tor him til it is mo t likelv to be
the choice ot the great body oftht Rcpublu ms, indv< t if
this nidividuil snould not be Jud t White, tlit editor of the
1! publican i~ read\ tocrvout    diccuion "
Under siRh cmumst inces s,, ¡,]£ iKo that there ire
various nnsn prfsi ntuions ot m> vuwson this subject, I
commit tin  lutei to jour discretion, in order that \ou nny
do mo justice
\ on lit it liberty to sav on ill oonsions, thit, r<2irdin< 
the piopk asthetiiiesouiceut politic il piwer, I amalvv us
ready to bow to tlitir will mil n •!>< ir jud-mient, th it, dis
carding all person il pn lcrcncts, 1 toiisidir tin Hue policy
ot tliL Inend-nlri publicin principles to send dob «ran bin «h
from tht people to i ge ntr il convt ntion (or the purpose of
selecting candidates tor the Piosidi ncv and Vice Prtsi-
dencj, and that to impeach that selection before it is made,
or to resist it when it i  fairly nndi, as in emination ot
Eveeume power, is to assui tlit, wrtue of the people, and
in cfleet  to oppose their nirht to govern
I stnd the piper containing the article I refe r to, and re-
quest jou to show this letter to the editor, in oider that he
may no longer misrepresent me A< knowledge the receipt
of tin  letter     1 am, in Inste  jour friend,
ANDREW JACKSON
The Rev James Gwin, Na*hiille, Tennessee
Mr. R continued. This letter has been pub-
lished by authority. The writer had too much
tact, he knew too well the character of those with
whom he had to deal, to venture on an absolute
command. The American people may be led;
they cannot be driven. But he announces his
pieference in language too plain to be misunder-
stood. The expression, " and if that preference
should not be for Judge White," removes all
doubt upon this subject. Why was this prefer-
ence disclosed > What occasion was there, if the
object was merely to disclaim all intention of in-
terference, to allude to his individual preferences
or objections' Can the design be doubted ? But,
sir, he goes further. He points out plainly the
manner in which that design is to be accom-
plished. It is true he professes to bow to the will
of the people. Few men have ever attempted to
control or sway the people but by courting their
confidence and invoking their aid. Bonaparte,
Caesar, Cromwell, all bowed to the will of the
people. What could a single man effect against
opposing multitudes' Yes, sir, he regards the
people as the source of political power; he does
not mean to dictate, but he considers the true
policy of the fuends of republican principles to
send delegates, fresh from the people, to a general
convention, for the purpose of selecting candi-
dates for the Presidency and Vice Presidency.
Here is no interference; the President only gives
his opinion of the true policy which the friends
of republican principles should pursue, and then
tells us, " that to impeach that selection before it
is made, or to resist it when it is fairly made, as
an emanation of executive power, is to assail the
virtue of the people, and, in effect, to oppose their
right to govern " Now, sir, was it not univer-
sally known who was the President's choice?
Dots any man doubt that he meant by the "friends
of republican principles" his own supporters and
the friends of Mr. Van Buien > Was not the fact
that the convention was actually called for the
purpose of nominating Mr. Van Buren, as well
known before the nomination was made as aftei>
If any doubt existed pieviously of the disposi-
tion of the Piesident to interfere, the publication
of this letter utterly dispelled it. It means, in
plain English, I prefer Mi. Van Buren as my
successoi; I recommend a convention to nomin-
ate him, and regard all who shall oppose the
nomination as enemies of the country. How my
colleague and his political fuends in Virginia will
reconcile their disobedience to the will of their
chief, I know not. It ia true they seem willing,
for the most part, to concur in the nomination of
Mi. Van Buren; but they could not go all lengths.
They may be brought to support for the Presi-
dency a Missouri restrictionist, a suppoiter of
an odious tariff, and of the right of Congress to
abolish slaveiy in this District; but they have
ventured to resist the nomination, foi the inferior
office of Vice President, of one whose tariff and
internal improvement doctrines suiely cannot be
more difficult to digest. Yes, they not only daied
to impeach this nomination, before it was made,
but have resisted it since. I fear, sir, they must
be regarded by the faithful as deseitersiiom " the
paity," or lather I trust they will, for thty
would deserve honoi instead of ccnauie for de-
