1836.]
APPENDiX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Deposit Banks—Mr. Wise.
Ho. of Reps.
But, sir, I do not ask an investigation of private
and individuil concerns and transactions. These
banks miv pav tin ir own agents touching then
own iffuis, whit thi y please, I wish only to
Kniw whither they pay in agent pioperly ours,
fir his services and negotiations touching the
deposit, ust, and control of the public money'
What right has any man, Department, or banks,
to make their business, touching the public,
stciet' Surely an investigation to ascertain the
r a! agtrts of the Treasury, and the unknown
knpers, and disposers, ana beneficiaries of the
Govtrnment funds, is not an inquisition. The
fact of R M Whitney having the use and con-
trol of the public money, if such be the fact,
which I wish to know, makes his agency a public
employment, no matter by whqm, really or os-
tensibly, paid; and I wish further to know its
uses and abuses If it be corrupt, I wish to trace
its relations to Mr Secretary, and if he be cor-
rupt, I shall demand his impeachment. I ask
again, then, shall the secrecy and privacy of this
agency screen it from investigation ' Shall those
w ho are secretly concerned be allowed to tell only
what they choose'
Sir, the Constitution solemnly points out the
manner in which officers shall be appointed
There are constantly many ways and devices
practiced whereby to create and pay officers un-
du the evasive name of " agents, without the
knowledge of the Senate, who constitutionally
confirm nominations which should be made, or
of the House of Representatives, who should no
longer aid the abuse by passing so many items for
contingent appropriation, now become the sub-
stitute for the fund of secret-service money. Tins
doctrine, by-lhe-by, of employing and paying
-agents, not named to the Senate, nor known to
the appropriation bills, is working immense mis-
chief in the Government, and I was sorry to see
its principles and practices supported and justified
the other day by a Virginian—my colleague, [Mr.
Mason.] I ask now if Mr Secretary shall, un-
der us authority, clothe R M. Whitney with all
the attributes of an officer, and with more power
by favor than he could possibly obtain for him by
livv, and then escape accountability for his mal-
feasance because he is not an officer under his
control' By the same cunning invention, in fraud
of the law and the Constitution, may not agents
of every descnption be foisted into every De-
partment ' And, if in wKhout being known to the
law, and officers in fact without responsibility as
suchj will not their chances of pillage be  multi-
plied" beyond calculation, and the means of de-
tecting them be impossible ' Shall official corrup-
tion be cloaked under the mantle of inviolable
privacy' Is the corruption the less dishonest or
the less to be sought after, because it exists in
secret, and is the more difficult to be found out'
Shall we knowingly permit the very plan invented
to deceive us to succeed' Do gentlemen expect
deeds of darkness to be done in the day.' Will
they not investigate until crime is already public'
Can there be no corruption which is not official'
Is Whitney purposely not made an officer or agent
of the Government in order to avoid all manner
of responsibility as a private ageni of the banks'
Are public officers to be converted thus into pri-
vate individuals and official responsibility into
private trust' Privacy, sir( secrecy1 is all they
ask to perpetrate their deeds of darkness; and
shall we not hold, up to their deeds the light of
truth ' By a patent slime of corruption shall these
eels of filthy pools be made to elude the grasp of
investigation'   Never! with my eonsent.
But, sir, the difference between an inquiry and
a tríalas not the only, though the chief difference
between this resolution ana th  amendment pro-
posed. If the resolution of my honorable col-
league be critically examined, it will be found
that it eould not be more artfully drawn than it
is to correspond exactly with what we may now
certainly, " by authority," anticipate will be the
answer to it by Mr. Secretary. It does not in-
quire even as far as justice to truth and the coun-
try demanís. It asks only such questions as
Mr. Secretary has- said beforehand he will an-
swer, and none whatever that he has evidently
shown a disposition to evade.    ,
To understand the extent of the difference be-
tween the resolution and amendment, we must
understand, or keep in mind, the nature and char-
acter of the agency employed by the Department
and paid by the banks to be niquiied into oi in-
vestigated An agent, sir, is not íequired so
much by the Government to select these deposit
banks, and make contracts with them, as he is
required for the purpose of obtaining information
concerning them, upon w Inch Mr Secretai y may
decide upon their «election, and upon the forma-
tion of conti ids with them Theagentdoes not
select, he docs not contrict with them, but he
furnishes the information upon which selection
and contiacts by Mi.Secretaiy and the banks
aro based I therefore go, first, beyond the mere
" mode and manner" of selecting and forming
contracts with the banks, and propose to investi-
gate the character of all coriespondcnce touching
the public deposits.
What may we suppose to be the character of a
correspondence between Mr Agent Whitney and
Mi. Secretary of the Tieasury, in relation to a
bank which is proposed to be selected and con-
tracted with by the latter? If any such regular
correspondence exists, will gentlemen not inquiie
into it' I believe, sir, that much would be found
in such a correspondence to be dreaded I be-
lieve, sir, that there it can be found that political
considerations weighed heavier than all fiscal rea-
sons for selecting and contracting with certain
local banks. I do not charge the fact to be so.
I charge nothing I only wish to investigate
whether the fact be so or not. I do not expect,
sir, that investigation will find the fact to be so
affirmatively. I presume that, if Whitney ever
has recommended a bank fiom political consider-
ations, it has been done negatively. He-might,
in a letter to Mr Secretary, very properly say,
for instance, that in this or thatState or city there
are several bankinginstitutions.all equallysound
and safe as to credit and funds, but that this or
that bank will use the public money for political
put poses, because its controlling officers and its
stockholders are warm partisansof a particular
party, and therefore it would be improper to se-
lect it as a bank of deposits, and he might recom-
mend another bank, the officers of which might,
in like manner, belong to another party, but who
would not use the public money for political pur-
poses. Poor human nature is weak ' Now,
which, sir, with Reuben Whitney, do you sup-
fiose, a Whig or a Tory bank, would be most
ikely not to use the public money for political
purposes' A correspondence of this negative
character has actually come to light, and the rogue
has actually given it this turn. Again, sir, may
not the hint sometimes be given that a bank may-
be bought to buy up for " the party," which will
buy up against " the party" if it be not bought?
May not considerations of speculations in trade,
too, be found hidden  n letters touching the public
deposits' What, in a word, sir, may not be found
in the inner recesses of a Department with so
much money held at will, and without check or
watch ' I wish to know all, and the people
have a right to know everything touching their
Treasury.
But, sir, the most important function of this
agent is not only to obtain information, but to
supervise and examine, and report upon the con-
dition, the solvency, or insolvency of these banks,
and to guard the safety of the public money. He
may apt select, he may not contract with these
banks, and he may not be paid by the Govern-
ment of the United States; but if he is the exam-
ining, the visiting, the reporting, or whatever
other agent you may call him, who is, in a word,
the eye of the Treasury Department over the
safety of the public money, and consequently
over the solvency of these banks, his trust is still
more important and responsible, I, therefore,
sir, am for investigating whether the Department
has such an agent; for finding out " all connec-
tion or relation, official or unofficial, which exists,
or has existed, between any person or persons
and the Treasury Department, or between them
and the deposit banks, or any individuals or
banks, touching the custody, and the control,
and deposit of the public money." Nothing of
this inquiry is embraced by the resolution of my
colleague. Will not gentlemen go beyond his
inquiry into this important field of investigation '
Ought we not to see that our moneys are «ate, and
by what means they are guarded ' Sir, we are
already told that no agent is employed or paid by
the Depaitment But it is notonous theie is such
an agent to supervise and repoit upon the condi-
tion of these banks Bv whom is he employed and
paid' Is it possible that he is paid by the banks
themsehes, which are to be watched and guaided '
I demand to know if this be the fact If so, it is
ground alone for investigation, foi it carnes fraud
and corruption on the face of it It is flagrant
lobbery of the Government Sn , we are told that
Ai^us of old had a bundled eves, employed and
paid by the jealousy itself of Juno, to guaid Io,
the mistress of Jupiter—a hundied eyes to watch
a single heifer, and they were all soothed to sleep
by the harp of Mercuiy Now, sir, our Argus
of the Tieasury has but two eyes to watch thnty-
five banks, by whom he is employed and paid to
guaid themselves' Sir, do you suppose that
either of those two eyes is for the Trcasuiy, or
that one is not foi himself fust, and the other for
the thu ty five banks next, as suiely that the dog
will liek the hand that feeds him ' Whom do you
suppose thatUeubcn M Whitney, thus employed
and paid, will serve—God oi Mammon '
But, sn, the amendment goes beyond the reso-
lution still further in proposing to investigate the
mannei in which the public moneys, appiopri-
ted oi unappiopnated by law, have been dis-
bursed or used, as well as deposited, by the Ex-
ecutive Departments and their agents. Let me
be distinctly understood by the House as making
no charge whatever in advance by the supposed
statement which I will give in illustration of the
object of this blanch of the investigation. The
last Congress made a very large appiopnation to
a certain public woik, which, with an unexpended
balance of appropnation befoie made, amounted
to little less than six hundred thousand dolíais.
Heretofoie, superintendents of public woiks have
been employed, whose business, I believe, it was
to supervise the conti actors, and to disbuise then
pay in the usual form of checks upon some con-
venient bank or banks of deposit, but suppose
that, in the late instance of disbursing the appro-
priations for the woik alluded to, this mode was
somewhat changed, and the whole amount of
neaily six hundred thousand dollars was placed
in the hands of a single agent, in the form of a
draft upon a deposit bank at Pittsburgj suppose
this agent kept this draft ten months in his- hands,
until, by the assistance of " accommodations"
and upon the credit of the draft, he cpuld purchase
up the notes of the Pittsburg bank upon which
it was drawn at a discount of from three to five
per cent, in the eastern cities, and that this agent
thus realized some fifteen or twenty-five thousand
dollars by the speculation on the public money.
I ask gentlemen whether facts like these should
not be brought to light, if they exist, and whether
a mere inquiry addressed to Mr. Secretary of
either of the Departments would be likely to de-
velop the truth ' Will this House aid these cor-
rupt speculations upon the public moneys by
refusing to investigate the truth of facts like
these, believed to exist, and capable of being
proved'
There is not time, we are told, at this advanced
period of the session, to finish this investigation.
Are we not sent here to do the work set before
us' Come we here only to pass appropriation
bills to pay these plunderers their salaries by law,
in addition to what they get without law, and
then go home' Shall we leave our posts without
detecting the Treasury thieves, and without find-
ing out their secret means of getting into the
strong-box' Shall the public money be left open
to plunder, and shall we throw no protection
around public virtue' Sir, I consider this the
most important subject with which we have to
do—vitally more important than all the presiden-
tial questions since the formation of the Govern-
ment, and I, for one, am willing to sit here until
December, if I cannot sooner satisfy myself that
the money of the Treasury is safe, and, what is
more important, that the morals of public officers
are as pure as human weakness will admit. It
is a great mistake, sir, on the part of those who
are interested to drive us from our posts as soon
as possible, to suppose that the people are not
anxious for us to do our duty, and that they are
not willing we should take abundant time to do
