660
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIOJNAL GLOBE.
[April 14,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Deposit Banks—Mr. Wise.
Ho. of Réps.
that dutv thoroughly and faithfully. Day after I
day gLiit'lemen suspend the rules, or give univer- ;
sil" consent, for the purpose of offering resolu-
t.pns to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a mail louie. of granting a pension, of paying
a "nrivite claim, or for any purpose, however
irunl or unimpoit.int, so it does not touch the
subject of abuses; and yet they plead that they
ha\e not time to investigate the great and para-
mount subject of protecting your whole revenue
from pillage, and your highest public offices from
the most dangerous abuses.
Having shown the great difference, both in
character and extent, between the resolution of
mv colleague and  the amendment which I pro-
pose, here I might conclude; but, sir, I must
inquire what now is the condition of your public
moneys>   They were once safe in the Bank of
the United States.   That institution was clam-
ored down by "the party," under thp weight of
charges of corruptly using its funds for political
purposes, and of being a dangerous commercial
monopoly.   The deposits were removed by an
extraordinary exercise of Executive power, and
the public moneys were taken into the custody
and control of the Secretary of the Treasury,
without regulation by law.   The President of
the United States has admitted that its custody
and control belongs to Congress, but the Secre-
tary of the Treasury must remain stakeholder
for the Government until Congress directs by
law by whom and in what manner the public
money shall be kept.    And in this character of
mere stakeholder, until Congress passes an act,
the Secretary of the Treasury, on his own re-
sponsibility, has proceeded, and without resort
to Congress, even whilst in session, to form ex*
tensive contracts with numerous local banks for
the deposit, safe-keeping,  and transfer of the 1
public money, and has assumed to himself solely j
the power of controlling these banks, and, through
them, the entire currency of the country!   As
evidence of these facts,! refer  to a circular of
Mr. Secretary Woodbury, dated the 22d of Feb-
ruary, 1836, in which he " requests that after the
4th of July next, the deposit banks will not issue
notes of a less denomination than five dollars,
and that, after the 3d of March, 1837, they will
issue none of a less denomination than ten dol-
lars."    With what parade of .dates does this
potentate of the currency issue his " sicvolo" in
the form of a request.   Dated orr Washington's
birth-day !   To commence operation On five dollar
notes on the day of the declaration of independ-
ence!    And  to annihilate all notes under  ten
dollars on the day when the presidential term of
General Jackson expires !   The object is to intro-
duce the " golden age," and the reason given
is that the " gold coined at the Mint will supply
the place of small notes !•"   Sir, 1 put it to you,
would not this be the very farce of humbuggery,
if it was not acted by a Secretary of the Treas-
ury who is thos attempting to cloak the most
dangerous assumption -of power, in perfect dero-
gation of the power of Congress, by imposing
Upon the confidence of the people in a popular
name ?   The Secretary proceeds.
" And it is deemed reasonable that while the c|epo«it
banks have toe use, without interest, of umj«rially lar¿e
rams of public money, they shoold make some further
temporary sacrifices to obtain and circulate gold," ¿c.
'Sir, here is an Admission by the Secretary him-
self that these banks have «• the >use, without
interest, of unusually large sufrís of the public
money!" What rig-bt has he, a mer* stake-
bolder—a mere guard—a mere servant,'who
should not dare to act until ordered bylaw- —to
give the use o£ a single dollar to-a siftglo bank,
much more " the use of unusually large sums,
w i thout in teres t i''
When Congress, sir, exercised the poWerrof
granting a charter, or, in other words, of making
a contract with the Bank of the United States,
every consideration on both parts was-dpeiily ex-
pressed by law; and that mueh-abused institution
was obliged to paya bonus of $1,500,000, and
to perform numerous and onerousduties, without
charge or demand of interest on its part, for the
Government, in consideration of being made the
depository of the public money; but now the de-
posit banks are granted " great privileges from
tbfi Treasury, «ad h*v« the use of unusually large
sums," without bonus or paying interest, and
without performing many duties which were re-
quired of the United States Bank. Who gave
Mr. Secretary authority to give the use of such
unusually large sums to one bank, and not to
another? Does not the use of these unusually
large sums give the deposit banks immense powers
over the other local banks? Who gave him power
to discriminate between them ' And, above all,
who intrusted him with the enormous prerogative
of requiring any set of local banks to " make
further temporary sacrifices to obtain and circu-
late gold," or for any object or purpose whatever?
Sir, the answer is in what follows of the circular:
" From the liberal spirit evinced by these deposit banks,
in a late correspondence with them on this subject, it is
expected they will comply with all requests made by the
Department, with a view of improving the currency, nor
will it, I trust, be considered unjust or impoliuc, while the
deposit banks shall continue to enjoy sreat privileges from
the Treasury, to regard a neglect or refusal of any of them
to comply with these requests as sufficient cause for dis-
continuing the employment of such banks as a fiscal agent."
Here we see that the Secretary holds a most
important correspondence with these banks upon
a subject which he has no authority to touch, and
to which no official duty of his properly relates.
He expects these banks to comply with all re-
quisites made by the Department; and why?
Because he has assumed the power of making
contracts with them which he can annul at his
will, by "discontinuing the employment of such
banks as neglect or refuse to comply with these
requests." He expressly assumes to improve
the currency by means of this power to employ
or discontinue ,these banks as fiscal agents and
directly admits that they " enjoy great privileges
from the Treasury K*
Thus, without law or authority, or necessity
in the case, has Mr. Secretary used the public
moneys which he was bound to keep only, in
acquiring and exercising powers which belong
only to Congress; the powers of controlling the
circulating medium and of regulating the cur-
rency—powers which belong only to State Legis-
latures; the power of restricting the issues of local
banks, and of requiring sacrifices from them to
bring gold into circulation; and powers which
"belong to no legislature or tribunal or person m
the country—the power of granting to particular
local banks " great privileges from the Treas-
ury" "in the use, without interest, of unusually
large 'sums of the public money'." Now, sir, 1
ask if relations like these existing between Mr.
Secretary, who has thus acquired these vast
powers, andelegatéd-and unauthorized, and the
deposit banks, thus enjoying great privileges from
theTreasury, created solely by the publicmoneys,
should not be investigated promptly and thor-
, ©ug-hly. Mr. Secretary speaks of " restriction's
On asents and officers of the Treasury." Who
are these a-gents? Agents for what purposes ?
By whom employed, and'by Whom paid? This
w&alre tofS'ShaH not be investigated by'us, for
the'very reason that Mr. Secretary is "a mere
'stakeholder,-riño1 hett'Only'-responSible to'trs'fbr
the safe-keeping of the public money, and for its
I forthcoming when (sailed for by laW,-until Con-
gress passes'* bill for the regulation of the public
deposits. Consequently; Sir, I-find in the con-
tradi with the Metropolis 'BárVk, which alone I
Irave'Svad-an opportunity of examining, that it
stipulates that the Secretary of the Treasure óhH
TítoaH "examine its books arid general rionditiofl.
ife -may examine Ütíá report to us, but we are
thus debarred, it is contended, from" examining
fok< ourselves into the condition of any other
banks than those óf the District. The 'Secretary
is responsible to the nation, and- the banks are
responsible to him!
Now, sir, I am notfdr'pérmitfing Mr. Secretary
to aVáW hirrfself of «-double aspect, irfone point
■of vtew to aVoid'reépdnsibilíty on the^art óttris
Ase&I agents to Congress—to assume the mere
«haracler of a stakeholder? ánd m another point
of view, to justify his assumption of-power in
controlling the currency, to regard these' local
hanks as properly fiscal agents of the Govern-
ment, instead of standing in the mere private
relation to him of places of deposit fot the public
money, which he, as an officer,-is bound neeeV
sarily to keep merely until provision be made by
law for 'tíM «ustedy-and control,   ff he is'a'mere
stakeholder, he has no pretense of authority for
the dangerous powers which he has so arrogantly
assumed; and if he lias authority for employing
and regulating and controlling the fiscal agents
of the Government, 1 hold him responsible for
placing the public moneys in banks the condition
of which cannot be examined by Congress, and
for taking from Congress all power of supervision
and guardianship over the public money, by the
arrangements and contracts which he has made
with these deposit banks. We may at least ex-
amine the conti nets, the manner of making them,
and the agencies employed in superintending their
faithful execution.
Sir, I knew that the war waged against the
Bank of the United States was a war of rapine
and plunder by " the party." I knew that their
object was to get possession of the public money
for the very uses and abuses which they charged
upon the monster, and they have fully succeeded!
So I told my constituents two years ago; and I
mourn that they are to be soon convinced of the
truth of my prophecy. The public treasure is
full to overflowing, and the nation is at this mo-
ment apparently reaping a harvest of unexampled
prosperity; but there is a canker in the bud. The
more money in the Treasury, the more danger to
the purity of the Government; and the greater
the excess of a bloated currency, the more pain-
ful and lingering will be the fiscal and commercial
disease which is surely to follow. In both Houses
of Congress now "the party" has a majority;
the deposits have been removed more than two
years, and I venture to predict that no law will
oe passed this session to take into the custody
and control of law the public money,, nor will the
large surplus in the Treasury be distributed or
disposed of in any manner to deprive "the party"
of its uses and privileges in prospect of the coming
presidential election. The present condition of
the Tieasury will not be disturbed, and no liberal
system of distribution of the surplus revenue will
now be adopted, for the best of political consid-
erations, with a " spoils party."
No measure of this sort will be passed or
adopted, because, in the first place, to touch the
surplus revenue would be at once to lose it in the
ruins of the deposit banks and their debtors. By
the report of the Secretary of theTreasury made
to the Senate April 18,1836, it is shown that, on
the 1st of March, 1836, "the immediate liabili-
ties of all these banks" amounted to " about
ninety-three millions, and the immediate means
of all" amounted only to $38,000,000! These
depositories of the public money being more than
twice insolvent, and insolvent, too, at a moment
when there is every prospect and indicationof a
general pressure and panic, by which they will be
called upon immediately for all the means at their
command. I sincerely hope they may Survive
the shock. But, sir^if the deposit banks were as
sound' and safe as the Bank of the United States
ever was, there is still another more pote'nt rea-
son for retaining the public moneys as they are.
They ate wanted for the use of Reuben M. Whit-
ney & Co. Will gentlemen please to inform me
'what consideration these' banks pay fot the use
of thepublic deposits, except the " dbuceurs*' or
dividends which ihty pay to R. M. Whitney &
Co.? Money, T am authorized to say upon the
nighest authority— Imeari (hat of experienced
and extensive merchants—was never in greater
dern-and than it nb'w is ih the markets ofall the
great northern and eastern cities. The demand
for it yields frdmtwo attáahaíf to three percent,
per month, and from twelve't/o eighteen per cent,
per annum. And whilst money is thus in the
greatest demand .prices of everything art at the
"highest rate, andSpeimlation is raging,in every
direction. He who cart now lend money isfealte-
ihg a vast profit; andat thesame moment he who
can borrow money at a fair rate is realizing at
once a fortuné. This, I hesitate not to say, is a
forced state of things. It is produced oy those
who have the control of the money power. Who
now has everjr facility of borrowing, of lending,
and of investing? He who can borrow at six
per eerft. per annum, and lend at three per cent,
per month; or who can now obtain any amount
of money to invest in public lands, in the pur-
chase of slaves, stock, town property, or any-
thing-ietse, is act-once gifted with the touch of
