1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
24th Con'C.Ist Sess.
Midas.    Who now can obtain any " accommo-[¡
djtiou" fiom deposit banks, and every facility
and indulgence upon discount or loan to any ex-
it nt, which you nor I nor any one else can obtain '
KtuiLu n M.Whitntj cV Co.
Wi 1 not genileimn inquire who are the part-
ner  of this tinn of Whinny i Co'    I behe\e it
is a ru'e ol chancery that a party can compel one
knoun putner to disclose all the unknown part-
ner* of a firm.   It is the rult e\on at common law
My I'm ud fiom Kentucky, [Mr. Hardin,] who is
t íe most distinguished lawyer in my eye, will set
me right—if there be any secret and unknown
partims, that the known partners shall not take
advantage of the unknown not being named in the
pitadme, without notifying the adverse party of
a I the actual partners.    In equity and good con-
siience, the people are entitled to a disclosure from
th.  firm, which is using their money and endan-
^eriug their best interests.    Who, then, is in-
cluded in that omnibus of all unknown partner-
ship names—Co.'  It is as notorious as any other
lici, that " an agent," named Whitney, is the
known pirtner      \nd who are his confederates'
Who leports to Mr. Secretary'   R M. Whitney.
Who corresponds with Mr. Secretary'    R. M.
Whitney.   Who is the agent of the deposit banks'
R M. Whitney.    And hti who walks the streets
by noond ly sun may see the offices of Mr. Sec-
retar) and Whitney, side by side, under the same
loot" of a house rented, I believe, by the Govern-
ment.    There is no sign up of R. M  Whitney
Á. Co , but, sir, I believe that poor old Uncle Sam
furnishes every dollar of the funds, and the entire
stock in trade, without a farthing of the profits,
and incurring all risk and  paying all charges'
This I denounce as a most stupendous fraud, a
nefarious speculation upon the people, with the
aid of their prejudices against a national bank.
Than* God, the United Sutes Bank is gone; and
do  , if the people have eyes and will see, they
will discover the humbuggery and fiaud which
have been practiced upon their honest confidence
by " the party" claiming to  be their exclusive
friends'     Certain  it is, that R. M. Whitney is
employed and paid largely by some body or cor-
poration.    I believe it can be shown that he is
paid, virtually out of the public money, a tribute
from the deposit banks larger than the salary of
the President of the United States.    His agency
is not officially recognized by Mr. Secretary, and
vet the very contracts which Mr. Secretary makes
with these banks, in conformity to the formula
of Amos Kendall, who was scouting agent of the
Department, show on  their face that such an
agency is contemplated and expressly stipulated
for.
It can be shown that these banks pay large
stipends to this  asent,  in  proportion   to their
amount of deposits in each respectively, and upon
the recommendation of the  Department.    The
deposit banks have the use of the public money
without interest, when it can be proved that a
number of banks, equally sound and safe, have
bid, or are willing to pay, as lush as from two to
three per cent, for the public deposits    The sur-
plus revenue alone, not wanted, not called for,
remaining with the  banks, is exceeding thirty
millions, at  least, and the amount of interest
«.vhic'i might be got on that sum may be safely
stated at one  million  per annum;  a sum  now
wholly lost to the Government, and pocketed by
Whitney & Co.'    How much out of this one
million  per annum   may not these banks well
afford to pay their guardian angel and our faithful
agent'   He may get $20,000, and $100,000 may
be well afforded.  But how much more may they
not «part, if, as I believe, instead of discounting
on this money in the regular way, they put it in
the hands of brokers, and realize on a large por-
tion of it from two to three per cent, a month'
Whitney may get his douceurs for selecting, his
tribute (or the good vv ill of continuing in employ-
ment as  fiscal  agents, and his  advantages of
t^cornmodition   merely by way  of " extras,"
and then, in addition, he may be of a firm—a Co.
Mnidi divide^ regularly the immense profits of
shaving upon the peoplf's money.    Sir, let me
illustrate     There are about ten millions in the
three pet banks of New Yoik.    Ts this sum all
loaned out in the ordinary way of discounts'    I
am informed not.   By a law of the State of New
Deposit Banks—Mr. Wise.
York, all the banks are restricted from discount-
ing for any amount beyond twice and a half then i
original capital. According to the report of the '
Secretary, the capital of-the thiee banks in New
York, Bank of America, Manhattan Company,
and Mechanics' Bank, amounts to $6,051,000,
and the deposits in them to $9,941,000—to once
and a half the amount at once of their capital. It
is to be presumed that they had discounted to the
full amount allowed by law before they became
depositories ol the public money. Now, sir, do
gentlemensuppose they letthissum of $10,000,000
lie idle in their vaults if they cannot discount
upon it, or a large portion of it' May it not be
used by the directors and their friends in stock
operations, and shaving notes to the tune of two
and three per cent, per month ? Have the stock-
holders any of this plunder? Doubtful, as they
have only the right to demand the profits on the
original capital of the banks. May not the di-
rectors place this surplus money in the hands of
a trusty broker? By whom is the Manhattan
Company managed' By the attorney of a foreign
nobleman, who owns the majority of the stock.
Who are the brokers of this bank ' Is not their
office called the "Young Manhattan Bank.'"
Sn, if a poor devil has his paper thrown out of
bank, cannot this " Young Manhattan" accom-
modate him with a check on the " Mother Man-
hattan," provided h« will pay for it' Cannot
these brokers, by means of the public money,
control the stock market, and raise or depress
the stocks at pleasure '
[Here Mi. Wise read an extract from a letter
received from Pittsburg, inquiring " how it hap-
pens, if the deposit banks are intended to supply
the place of the United States Bank, that the
Merchants and Manufacturers' Bank at Pitts-
burg is now discounting notes of many other
institutions at halt and one per cent., and among
that number the notes of the pets at Cincinnati
and Louisville, the pets of Indiana, Illinois, and
Michigan excluded entirely'" and stating "it is
a notorious fact that the majority of the money
received in payment for merchandise in this city
is money of the western banks, and some remedy
ought to be adopted to prevent these evils of
shaving, especially where the pets are guilty of
keeping a broker's office."]
les, sir, at this very moment, whilst the in-
famous Globe is charging upon me the design of
producing a panic, its editor (Blair) knows that
R. M Whitney & Co. are committing that veiy
offense themselves, that it is their interest to do
so, and that they can do so with tenfold more
effect than ever could the great monster itself.
They have the entire control of the public moneys
and of the deposit banks, may curtail and dis-
count at pleasure; make a run for specie; trans-
fer funds and concentrate the money power;
raise and depress stocks, make the circulating
medium scarce or plentiful, and produce panic
and pressure when and where their inteiest and
policy may dictate. There is every inducement,
then, on the pai t of Whitney & Co. to conceal
this dangerous organization of a money plot fiom
the public eye
Su, the public money belongs to all the people
alike. If there are advantages in its use, the
constituents of us all should be equally berif fited
in the en]oyment of its blessings. It should be
made a blessing to the whole nation, and not be
made a curse to the many for the benefit of the
few. It now give  to R. M. Whitney & Co. the
power of laying us all under contribution.    They
I  may depress our property down to the lowest
price, purchase it from us, and then again raise
its value to a maximujn which will raise their
money again up to two and three per cent, per
month-, and this fluctuation  of value  may be
II  continued ad infinitum to their profit and our ruin,
I so long as they may thus raise and depress by
I  the lever of our own money'    Was it not for
I this very odious power that the monster was laid
prostrate? And will not gentlemen who once
clamored so loud against a tyrannical monster
I with one head now assist against this hydra with
many heads'
I      Sn, we have heard much about monopolies.
I  The word is (.he watch-vyord of " the party.
I   Was there eve, such a monster monopoly known
II  as that Pf R. M  Whitney & Co., which, with-
Ho. or Reps.
out law and against law, without íesponiibihty,
and with the means of preventing investigation,
wields and controls the entire furds of this Go«-
ernment with a surplus revenue of thn ty millions,
and holds at command the entire credit and tiaile
of the country, and the entire value of its prop-
erty'   I tell my colle^'ip     <! my counti}, that
the position of R. M  "W i.       / is too sfion-i and
dangerous for any man to occupy, with ah the
restraints and limitations of the most guarded law
about him    Is this power in the hands of a pub-
lic plunderer, licensed without law, nresponsible
without oihce.seciet without the means of dele-
tion, safe because suppoi ted by " the party," for
supporting " tlit paity," not To be dieaded '    Aie
the  people to feel panic and pressure, and the
heavy hand of oppression in every form, and not
know whence it comes'   Is their Treasury to be
wasted, their trade and commerce to be stifled,
their property struck down, their prosperity de-
stroyed, and their liberties te be endangered by
a secret money-leach -'   And are they to be kept
in ignorance of his " agency," covered up under
th« pretext of privacy'   How is it, I demand for
my people, that one man, and he not an officer,
not known to the laws, not «worn, not respons-
ible,   unsearchable, and   whose   ways  are past
finding out, is permitted to wield tins political
and pecuniai v power tenfold gienter and raoie
dangeious than that complained of in the United
States Bank, in a country like ouis, yet / ce, und
just flushed with ímaginaiy victory oval a mon-
ster monopoly'    Would you, oi 1, or any man
of us, if Mr. Secretary, with the control of the
Treasury, permit even fathei,or biother, or son,
much less R  M. Whitney, to enjoy the power
and piofit ol this immense monopoly—of all mo-
nopolies the monster—wi'hout a qwtd pro quo"*
And who is Rtuben M. Whitney, that he should
be the favored man of all men in fattening «port
the spoils of the public purse, and that he should
be protected by gentlemen fiom the scrutiny of
investigation, as if id the sanctuary'    Who is he
who is suffered to insult a Representative by his
[ villainous cards in the official organ, for daring
to offer a resolution of investigation '   An infa-
mous wretch who took the oath of allegiance to
Great Biitaiu, in Canada, during the last wai,
and who has since taken a false oath against his
neighboi.    Sir, let me remind this House and die
nation who this individual is who is now the pet
of the Tieasury and the pet banks, by leading a
report upon his character made in 1832 by Geoige
McDh Be, John J. Adams, and  John G   Wat-
mough, three gentlemen of as high character for
truth and integiityas any to be found in any
country.    In the reports of committees of the
Twenty-Second Congress, first session, 1831-32,
page 307, we find the fqllowjng passage:
f" There n as onp occurrence during the examination of the
transaction  of Thomas Uiddle & Co w ith the hank, winch
rn/Mits particular notice An intormer and witness, by the
n imp ot Whitney, who had formerly been a director ot the
Dink, was produced, « ho declarid, upon oath, that ill May,
1824, two ol the cashiers. oHhet>anklMulnil rmfd him that
Thomas Piddle & Co bad been in the habit ol drawing
money out of the bank, on a depo it of stock in the telh r's
dtauer, without piwiu  uitf rest, and that the Pnsidcnt of
the bank had discounted two notes, one for 1'homas Biddle
& Co , ami one for Uñarles Biddle, without thi authonty
ot the director-  Tin  witness stated that lit went with
the-e officers of the bank, and examined the tcller'sdinwer
and the discount hook,ind found the facts which hid been
state* to him Vtnfled by the examination He al-o stated,
to give additional certainty to In-, averments, that he made
a memorandum at the tune, mth the dates of the tiansac-
tion , which memoiandiim he produced to the committee
HaTing ihus unalterably fixed the date of the transaction,
as if bv some fatality, he went on to say that he unmedi
ately proceeded into the room of Mr Biddle, (Nicholas!,)
the President, and remonstrated with him against these
irregular proceedings and that Mr Biddle promised him
that they should not occur again,
  Mr. fluldle was present during the examination of tins
witness. On that day, being on oath, he said that, he was
Utterlyastomshedatthetesümonj of the witness, and could
only oppose to it Ins solemn declaration that there was not
one word of truth in it, from the beginning to the end. He
added that, from the relation in which the witness stood to
hun, he would have sunk into the earth sooner than he
would have dared to come to him with such a renion trance
as he pretended to have made The officers of the hank,
from whom the witness alleged that he derived tins in form-
ation, wvre examined, and .ill of them positively contra-
dicted him They testified, and demonstrated trnm the
books, that Thomas Biddle & Co had never obtained
money, in any instance, without paving interest, and that
the two notes which Whitney asserted to have been dis-
counted by the President alone had been discounted regu-
larly by the directors
