662
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 21,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
" In the interval between the adjournment of the com-
mittee tliat da> and it  meeting the next, a member of tlie
1! iard ot Ilinctor- Mi^tMed to Mr Buldle that lie wa ,
about the time ot In- tllpffed trnns-iction, in the cm ot
Washington On examining the journal of the board and
the H Iter book, it was tound, b> entries and letter , that
lor seiLral davs previous to the alleged interview between
the Prt «ident and Whitnev, and for several dajs-afti rvvards,
the President n is ahsi nt on a visit to this cm, (\\ ashing
ton.) on the business ot the bank, and General Cadwalader
was acting a  president in his place '
■ Thus «a  this arttully devised story, w Inch was m-
tendul to blast the repuntion oft high minded and honor
able mm. through one ot" those extraordinary interpositions
b\ which Providence sometimes contoundsthe contrivance 
oi the nicked, made to recoil upon the head ot its inventor,
who must tortver stand torth asa blasted monument of the
spied* and retributive justice of Heaven ''
This " blasted monument" is Reuben M.Whit-
ney ! How came he in charge of the forty mil-
lions of the treasure of this land ? Did not Mr.
Secretary know him * Sir, I believe it can be
proved that the former Secretary of the Treasury
(Mr. Taney) refused, or promised to refuse, to
recognize tins perjured villain and traitor as an
agent of the banks, on account of his character.
How comes he now in pay and employment'
Who employs him? Sir, Reuben M. Whitney
is nothing, but his connection with the public
Treasury is something. It is almost enough in
itself to give assurance of corruption and wrong
when such a person is the selected and approved
agent of the Treasury !
Oh, my country!—when I see that patriotic
man who fought for his country, and who has
the confidence of his countrymen, countenancing
a traitor, who swore to obey the laws of an enemy
during the last war, and a perjured man, who
has since sworn falsely against his neighbor,
when I see the public treasure expended to re-
pair and build up anew "a blasted monument of
the speedy and retributive justice of Heaven;"
when I see the holy vessels of the very shrine of
our temple handled by the touch of a mercenary
miscreant; when I see a spoils-monger of party,
a pimp of money-changers, a pander of power's
parasites, fattening and glutting upon the sub-
stance of this land of the free and its people—all
within me asks, whence come the revenues of
this country? Tell me, ye bold adventurers of
the stormy seas! ye busy merchants of the ex-
change! ye sunburnt southerners of the sickly
cotton clime ! ye hardy woodsmen of the west-
ern wild lands!—all who till, or trade, toil and
are taxed—tell me if your labor and enterprise
did not lay up this sacred treasure for your coun- ¡
try! Shall the great price of the sweat of your
brows be spent upon a traitor in the work of |
corruption' What say the Representatives of the
laborers' Sir, when I think of my constituents,
who venture thousands of miles over the ocean
with their produce, and who pay their duties to |
their Government upon their return; or of the
poor emigrant, who leaves the hearth of home,
and wends his weary way over mountain, lake,
and river, and expends his " little all" for land
surrounded by savage dangers; when I think of
a Treasury overflowing from these sources, and
of its being worse than wasted on pimps and
plunderers, I am impelled to a deed of daring
which I know will bring down upon my head the
vengeance of power; but 1 defy the tormentors'
It is only the rod of the money-power I drtad—
it is mammon, only, wielding so monstrous a
monopoly, I fear1 Are all men foresworn' I
exclaim against the foul pollution! I call upon
every apostle of liberty left to assist in driving
the money-changers out of the temple. Has the
money mania seized the minds of all men ' I fear
the spirit of speculation is the legion which is
tearing us' Has the stroke of steady policy been
arrested for the purpose of a general scramble>
Will honest men be benefited? Will the people's
prosperity be promoted* No! Speculation in
stocks and speculation in politics rage together.
Power and purse have joined hands, and—weal
for the few of the party—woe for the many of the
fieople' All are drunk on the day of the harpies'
larvest—oh! who shall be the gleaners'   " The
party" triumphs, and the patriot weeps!
Sir, why refuse an investigation? If there be
anything foul or corrupt in the Treasury Depart-
ment, surely it should be known; and, if all be
fiure within, should not men who are honest de-
ight to demonstrate their rectitude; and what
istribution of the Public Lands—Mr.
danger will there be of exposure ' Your Secre-
tary of the Treasury should be above suspicion;
and always heretofore, in every instance of Ham-
ilton, Crawford, and Calhoun, no sooner was
suspicion whispered than investigation was de-
manded by the Secretanes themselves. But, sir,
1 plead in vain. I know it. This state of tilings
must remain as it is—deep dyed in corruption,
and the money must remain in the Treasury, not
only for the sake of the banks and Whitney &.
Co.'s private speculations, but for the use of "the
party." Who now can compete with Whitney
& Co. in bribery for presidential candidates ' Let
the correspondence with the Illinois Bank answer.
What now is obviously the maxim of "the party"
by which to rule and govern ? "Give us the golden
key and we will unlock the hearts of the people."
With power, patronage, and the purse, dictation
itself may raise its horrid front,and corruption be
bold! They have the people's own money where-
with to make theattempt upon their virtue; if they
succeed, theirs will be tile dominion of gold ! Is
it not well known that numbers of stockholders
and bank officers have already been converted or
neutralized by the power df the deposits' Can-
not these deposit banks loan and accommodate
precisely as the Bank of the United Slates was so
clamorously accused of doing by this same party '
Sir, we have arrived at the awful crisis when the
question is *' shall the people be ruled and gov-
erned by their own money '" A solemn question !
I have the utmost confidence in the people, who
have ever, as yet, proved more virtuous than their
rulers; and let me tell the candidate for the next
Presidency, who is called the magician, (Mr. V.
B.)and hopes to sway with the wand of gold, to go
and learn a prophetic lesson from the Holy Bible.
" When Simon, the eorcerer, saw that through
laying on of the Apostles' hand the Holy Ghost
was given, he offered them money." Peter said
unto him, "Thy money perish with thee, because
thou hast thought that the gift of God may be pur-
chased with money, thou hast neither part nor lot
in this matter."
So, sir, when the sorcerer or magician of this
day saw that by great and meritorious services,
by long and faithful probation, by honest and pa-
triotic devotion to the country, and its Constitu-
tion and liberties, alone, the Piestdency and its
power and places and pomp and patronage could
be merited and won; being old, and having done
nothing to deserve the highest reward which the
country can bestow—cunning, and having the fa-
cilities of a favorite—sycophantic, with the spirit
of a fawning slave—a political Jesuit, with the
holy corps of "the faithful"—ambitious, with a
trained band of mercenaries at his heels—a Mach
lavehan for policy and expediency alone, totally
regardless of principle, with millions of gold in his
hands, like Simon of old,who offered to purchase
the gift of God, he has bethought him to purchase
the gift of the people with money ' Sir, I say if
the people are as faithful to their liberty as Peter
was to his God—and they should be, for liberty
is the gift of Heaven—they will say to him, as
Peter said to Simon Magus," Thy money perish
with thee; thou hast neither part nor lot in this
matter."
DISTRIBUTION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS
SPEECH OF HON. CHILTON ALLAN,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
March 21, 1836,
On the division of the proceeds of the sales of the Public
Lands among the States.
Mr. Williams presented the following resolution, and
moved that it be referred to the Committee of Wajs and
Means, with instructions to report a bill in conformity
thereto:
" Be ú resolved by the General Assembly of the Common-
wealth, of Kentucky. That our Senators in Congress be in-
structed, and our Representatives be requested, to sustain
and to yote for the passage of a law providing for the dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the public lands among the
respective States, according to their respective Federal
numbers."
Mr. ALLAN said:
Mr, Speaker; I rise to discharge the duty
requested of me by (the Legislature of the State
Ho. of Reps.
I which I have the honor, in part, to íepresent.
This duty, I am happy to know, is consistent
with the opinions of my immediate constituents.
I am pleased that this great subject is brought
before this House by one of the States of tins
Union—a subject of higher importance than any
which was ever submitted to the deliberation of
Congress under the piesent Constitution, and in
the decision of which, as I solemnly believe, is
involved the fate of our free institutions It is
fit that such a subject should be brought here by
a member of the Confederacy. The State conies
not to solicit a favor, but to demand a right. 1
rejoice that the attention of Congress has been
thus brought dnectly to the question, what shall
be done with the $36,000,000 now in the Tieas-
ury over and above the wants of the Government,
and the millions of surplus destined hereafter to
come into the Treasury' Shall these vast sums
be loaned out to favorites, or shall they all be
exhausted in a still further increase of (he ex-
penses, power, and patronage of the Genoial
Government' oi shall they be divided among the
States 
These are the grand questions which we are
called upon to decide. This is the great business
of the session. Yet nearly four months have
passed away, and we have not before approached
it. The principal occupation of these fotirmonths,
in my judgment, has been worse than useless;
which is the reason why I have not felt it to be
my duty to participate m the debates. I repeat
that I rejoice that the House is at last brought to
the consideration of the subject of the surplus
revenue—a subject which has been at the bottom
of all the political movements which we have
witnessed for more than a year. The excellent
law of 1817, which was enacted by the wise and
provident councils of that time, for the payment
of the national debt, having accomplished its ob-
ject, we find our Tieasury overflowing. It now
devolves on the present Congress to decide how
this treasure can be most beneficially used for our
country. The disposition of the public revenue
heretofore had relation chiefly to the annual ex-
penses of the Government and the execution of
plans of policy which had been adopted. But,
in the present condition of the Treasury, the
subject stands connected with a new system of
policy, destined to exercise a decisive influence
upon the security of our institutions, and the
liberty of the people.
Sir, we are thrown here at a most important
point of history. Our country is in a situation
hitherto unknown. It is our duty to meet the
occasion promptly. The weighty contest now-
depending before Congress and before the nation
is, whether the $30,000,000, which is the produce
of the honest labor of our constituents, shall be
returned to their pockets, or devoted to the
schemes of official ambition upon the eve of a
presidential election.    In this aspect of the ques-
j tion, it bears directly upon all the great rnteiests
of the nation, and upon the interest and hbeity
of every man in the nation. It is a question be-
tween the tax-payers and the tax-receivers—be-
tween power and liberty. It is a question that
will justify debate in its broadest amplitude of
freedom. Sir, it is our duty to call off from the
piofitless skirmishing on the outposts, in which
so much of the session has been consumed, and
come at once up to the main battle.
Would you, Mr. Speaker, be willing to adjourn
I without action ? Would you be willing to face
the farmers of Tennessee, and tell them that you
had left thirty millions of the public money loaned
out, without interest, to persons that you did
not know, and for what purposes yoo could not
tell ?
I impeach the motives of no one; but inaction
accomplishes the purposes of those who desire
to let the money remain in its present position
betterthan action. To do nothing gains the prize,
or rather retains the prize which they already
have fast in their hands.
It is certain that, in the disposition of the sur-
plus revenue, one of three plans will be adopted:
1st. It will either be suffered to remain where it
now is; or, 2d. The expenses of the Government
will be increased enough to exhaust it; or 3d.
So much of it as has arisen from the sales of the
public lands will be divided among the States.
