666
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 21,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Distribution of the Public Lands—Mr. Allan.
Ho. of Reps.
the agents of the people, bound to discharge their
duty according to law , and in the selection of
whom legard should be had only to lntegtny and
qualifications; and to remove any one of whom,
for opinioii's sake, by the Chief Magistrate,
would be good cause of impeachment. But now ,
when they are no longer deemed agents of the
people, but the mere instruments of the Execu-
tive, when they aie no longer bound to discharge
their offices according to law, but are lequued to
yield obedience to the will of the Picsident; when
their continuance in office no longei depends on
able and faithful service to the country, but upon
unconditional submission to the dictates ot power,
the character of our Government is changed, and
a distinct and rival interest is established between
the public officers and the people; the entire
agency by which the whole opeiations of the
Government are conducted is thus brought under
the control of one man.
The first effort to bring the money power into
the same hand was displayed in the proposition
to establish a national bank as an instrument of
the Treasury upon a capital of public money.
The next was seen in the endeavors to subject
the Bank of the United States to governmental
dictation.
These schemes having failed, and the complete
control of the money power having been resolved
on, the responsibility was taken, and the public
money ceased, and is now under the control of
no law, placed where the Representatives of the
people have no power to go and examine whether
it be safe or unsafe, or whether it be used for
lawful or unlawful purposes. The vast revenues
of this Republic, between the times of collection
and disbursement, are used at the discretion of a
single mind. At this moment over thirty mil-
lions of dollars, the property of the people, are,
through the instrumentality of deposit banks,
loaned out, to whom we have no means of know-
ing, and for what design we can only conjecture.
By making a call for the public deposits, the Sec-
retary could crush any of these deposit banks any
day he chooses, this gives a control over the
capital of the States, as well as that of the nation
The power wielded in the Federal Treasury can
put up and put down banks at pleasure. It can
regulate the price of stocks and property; it can
enrich fnends and impoverish enemies. It can
•end millions into a State or city before an elec-
tion, to be used without interest, to reward obe-
dience, or it can withdraw millions to punish
disobedience. The Treasury of the United States
is the great central fulcrum that sustains the
levers by which ambitious aspirants are raised to
power.
There are other views which show more clearly
the length,and bieadth,and height,and depth of
the all-engulfing power of money. The Presi-
dent having the appointment of the agency by
which the Government is conducted, has, of
course, the selection of the hands into which the
public treasure shall flow; which enables him to
make all offices, and all seekers of office, his " mere
instiuments."
The power derivable from the use of money
was not anticipated at the adoption of the Con-
stitution. The Treasury was then empty, and
in those good old times ot honestsimphcity,even
the sagacious mind of Patrick Henry did not fore-
see that the use of money would become the prin-
cipal element in that Executive powei which he
predicted would destroy the liberty of his country.
Thus the money power has been matured and
organized, not by the President, not for his use,
for his fame was enough for him, but by others
under the shade of his military reputation, by a
far-reaching sagacity has this golden ladder been
erected, upon which they are to climb to greatness
in time to come. The operations of the money
power have produced effects befoie which the
world has stood astonished; because the secret
springs and principles of action were carefully
concealed from the public eye. Throughout, we
have seen professions and practices running in
opposite directions; and yet we have heard the
shout of applause as loud for the breach as for
the promise. Hence the saying that "the popu-
lanty of General Jackson can stand anything."
It is the power to bestow money and office that
can stand anything.   General Jackson's power
ends on the 4th of March next, but the money
power is to be transfured to other hands, wheie
it will continue to do its woik. When oui ven-
erable Piesident descends fiom his exaltation he
will see human nature as it is. Of the thionging
thousands that revolved in servility aiound his
power, he will find how many crooked their
knees foi thrift, and how many out of leaped for
him.
This money power, shielded from all responsi-
bility, fiom all public inspection, pei vadiug the
whole Union, opeiating upon all interests, bi ought
to bear upon the hopes and fcais of millions, is
the most ingenious contnvance that was ever de-
vised by the wit of man, and is sweeping along
in its wake the right of suffrage, the fieeoom of
the press, State and national legislation.
The declaiation that " money is power" is
most tiue, alarmingly true. All the hopes of the
filends of human liberty, that fiee government
could be maintained, were reposed upon having
its operations conducted by officeis of integiity
and capacity, who were devoted to the people,
and not to power. It is impossible that fite gov-
ernment can last, unless its affairs be managed
by such agents.
Having ascertained the pi inciples and the means
by which Federal powci is miking its rapid
marches over the ruins of the Constitution, the
question is, whether we shall take away from it
the money, which is the bone and sinew of its
strength, and give it to the people, to build up
their rights and íestore their ancient and consti-
tutional power in the Government.
Having disposed of the prehminaiy inquiry
into the present charactei and tendencies of Fed-
eral power, 1 will now procted to the investiga-
tion of the main question, what shall be done
with the surplus revenue'
At this very interesting point of our histoiy,
when it is our duty to make a new movement
which will vitally affect the deaiest interests of
our country for many yeais to come, we suiely
ought to rise above present or mere party con-
siderations, and look at the futuie consequences
which will, in all probability, íesult from the
adoption of each of the three plans which have
been suggested of disposing of the public money.
I will now proceed to consider them in order.
I. As to the propriety of leaving the suiplus
to accumulate from yeai to yeai in the Treasuiy,
and be disposed of as it now is, according to the
discretion of the Executive. Some of oui ablest
calculators tell us that, by January next, there
will be fifty millions, and certainly, if unused and
un wasted, it would in a few yeais amount to hun-
dreds of millions. It is evident that, so soon as
the amount exceeded all the specie in the United
States, every S^ate bank would be in the power
of the Tieasuiy; and this system must soon make
them all instiuments of the Treasury. The po-
litical uses and abuses to which the Government
could devote these vast sums have alieady been
very briefly noticed. This view of the subject
presents to the minds of the fnends of a cheap
and a pure republican Government anticipations
the most gloomy. But, sn.in addition to the
political objections to this employment of the
public money, there are otheis entitled to grave
consideration.
It is now most evident that the condition of the
public treasure is unsafe. Oui revenue is collect-
ed in the notes of a groat number of State banks,
which, in all probability, in the first commercial
shocK,will become valueless, as they did hereto-
fore. There is of the public funds now deposit-
ed in the thirty-five local banks $30,678,879 91.
They have of private deposits $15,043,033 64;
and notes in circulation, $26,243,688 36; making
in all $71,965,000 91, and but $10,198,659 24 of
speeie—about seven dollars of debt to one dollar
of specie. There is now due to the Government
alone from these banks more than three times the
amount of their specie.
The following aggregates exhibit the condition
of the thirty-five deposit banks on the 1st of
February:
Loins and discounts ....................    $6">,439 908
Domestic exchange....................27,149935
Real estite.........................     1,815,238
Due from banks       ..........................   la,712,977
Notes of other banks........................    9,573 089
Speeie..................................  10,198,659
Toreign exchange
I   E\pen-i"- .
Other investments.
400 542
9fi 591
8,777,228
Capital    .................$43,3-)6,088
Tit i^urcr United States  .    ..      .  28,23974}
Public oflki r                                2 439 135
Due to banki.............   14,879 161
Contingent fund.........          840 270
Piofit and los , discount and in
terr-t         .....                  3 189,932
Circulation......            26,243 688
Pnv itu deposits .            .....   1->,04J,03J
Other liabilities...........     5 937,04o
$139,170,107
Difference.
139,168,196
$1 971
Sir, what will the people of this country say
when they come to understand these facts, and see
I the present hazardous condition of their money?
Would any piudent man risk his own money
under such circumstances ? If it would be mad-
ness for a man to act so in private life, is it not
something more than madness for the servants
of the people to act so with their money > In a
trust capacity public agents aie surely bound to
act with as much care as a prudent man would
with his own.
But it is not at all improbable that the condition
of the people's money is far worse fhan appears
fiom the reports of these banks. How do we
know that these reports are tiue > We have not
the power to examine these banks and count
then money. We know that the deposit banks
formuly lobbed the Tieasuiy of millions, and
made leports that they weie safe up to the hour
of explosion. Who ever knew a bank that
intended to bieak to appnze the public of it be-
forehand'
But, sir, mystery is stamped upon the front
of this repoit. These thirty-five pet banks, in
i counting up iheir means to pay their debts, bay
I they have $8,777,228 79 in " other investments;''
but they have concealed from the public what
they mean by " othei investments." But the
friends of these banks contend, that although
they have not the means in hand to pay the public
deposits, yet, by calling on their debtois, they
could pay. A call upon then debtois for the
amount of the public deposits, upon a sudden
cmeigency, would make an eaithquake in the
whole papei system of the United States But
we have no means of knowing whethei the per-
sons who have boirowed the people's money
fiom these pet banks aie cithei able or willing to
pay. I nevei have known a bank that was man-
aged foi political pui poses that did not sooner or
latei bieak, and unless we speedily leclaim the
public treabuie.and place it in the custody of the
law, millions of it will be lost. But, su, the lo^s
of the whole would do much less public mischief
than will be done by leaving it wheie it is to be
used as it is
But theie is another objection to this mode of
using the public money, ai i«ing; from the injustice
of the distubution The public revenue is used
as a banking capital, and while the city of New
Yoik has the benefit of $10,000,000, and the Ter-
ritoi y of Michigan ovei a million and a half, which
it seems is principally loaned out in New Yoik
and Albany, the State of Kentucky has not the
use of a dollai in such way as to conti ibute to the
feneral utility. It is tiue that a small bank in
lOuisville has a small sum, but this bank issu< s
no notes, and the circulating medium is not
thereby incieased. The interest on $30,000,000
is $1,800,000 per annum, which is given in spoils
to favoutes; the people donving not one cent of
interest for the use of then money, and running
a great risk of losing the principal. The two
banks in Michigan have both togi ther but a capital
of $569,779 9' , and of specie but $97,902 33, yet it
seems that, during the year 1835, more than three
millions of this public money has passed thiough
their hands. And it seems that they aie in the
habit of loaning out the public moneys in the cities
of New York and Albany for profit. The money
of the people has been taken from the custody of
the law, and used, íegardless of all the maxims
of piudence for its safety,and with equal disregard
to justice in its distribution. Yes, at this moment
the money of the people of Kentucky, which they
have earned by honest industry, is loaned out,
