1836 J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Distribution of the Public Lands—Mr. Allan.
Ho. of Reps.
gratis, to the shavers, and brokers, and specula-
tors and gamblers in stocks in the city of New
York and elsewhere Every motive should impel
us to pass a law promptly to restore the people,
upon the principles of justice and equality, the
use of their own money, and thereby rescue tt
fiom hazard, and our institutions from corrup-
tion.
II Tho second plan of disposing of the thirty
millions is to nurease the expenses of the Fedeial
Government to that amount in extensive military
preparations, in the raising of armies, and in the
construction of fortifications, and the building of
a navy.
To induce us to agree to a scheme of national
defense upon a scale much more extensive than
has ever been deemed safe by any American states-
man, we are emphatically remindtd, since the war
cloud has blown away, of the maxim, " in peace
provide for war," and now, for the first time, we
are urged to proceed immediately to lay the found-
ation of a system of preparation for war large
enough to exhaust all our present and futuie
means. I desire to know precisely in what sense
and to what extent it is proposed to reduce this
maxim to practice. In legislation, as in all the
active business of life, there is but little informa-
tion communicated by the reassertion of those
general truths to which, in the abstract form, all
men agree, because there is such a diversity in
applying them so as to suit the condition of in-
dividuals and nations, that, in their abstract form,
they convey no distinct idea to the mind. For
example, the maxim that is now so earnestly
pressed upon our attention, that " peace is the
Croper season to provide for war," is sustained
y general acquiescence. Yet there are no two
nations that act apon this maxim alike. It is
limited or extended or modified so as to suit the ,
institutions and condition of each nation and the
genius of the age.
In different ages, according as the spirit of
peace or war happened to pervade the earth, we
find the same nations varying the size of their
navies and armies to suit the condition of the
tunes.
The maxim, that in time of peace nations
should provide for war, as it is understood and
practiced in Europe at this time, so far as a stand-
ing military force is concerned, is exhibited in
the following statements:
Troopt.                                 Troops.
France   ............400,000   Netherlands........ 77,500
Belgium   ...........1111,000   Spam...........    71,300
GreatBritain........100,000   Prussia..........223.000
Bavaria............. 53,000   Saxony..........12,000
Wurtemburg.......10,000   Hanover........... 12,000
Hesse Darm-tadt     ..    8,000   Baden.............    8,000
Norway and Sweden, 50,000
The population of the above States is supposed
to amount to one hundred and three million
forty-five thousand seven hundred souls; which,
if correct, would give eleven soldiers to every
thousand souls.
Assuming the free population of the United
States to be fifteen millions, the proportion of
soldiers of the present Army is a fraction less than
one to every two thousand souls. Compaied
■aith the levy of troops on the population of the
European States, is as one to twenty-two.
Total amount of Russian forces is eight hun-
dred and three thousand.
Nana  f Europe, including vetselt of war, large and small.
France, built and building............................359
England, built and building..........................548
Holland'...............7?...........................97 j
Greece     .....................         ........ 92
Turkey, in 1827, before the battle of Navarmo, had.... 90
Thus in Europe it is deemed consistent with the
genius of monarchical Governments, taken in
connection with the fact that numerous kingdoms
are compacted together with adjoining boundaries,
liable at any time to sudden invasions, to keep
always ready to march at a moment's warning, a
strong army, and to maintain powerful navies.
Eut, sir, in America, the understanding of the (
maxim under consideiation has been very different.
Separated from the Old Woild by an ocean thiee
thousand milts wide, and having no powerful na-
tion in our neighborhood, our geographical posi-
tion renders a large standing force unnecessary. I
But that there may be no mistake about a matter
so important, we will look into American history
to collect the American sense upon the subject of
armies, and fleets, and fortifications. At the com-
mencement of General Washington's administra-
tion, the regular Army was reduced to one thou-
sand two hundred and sixteen In the time of
the elder Adams, by the act of 27th April, 1798,
the Army was increased to four thousand one
hundred and fifty-nine. The act of May 28th,
1798, authorizes a piovisional army of ten thou-
sand. In Mr. Jeffeison's administration, the
Army was, by the act of March 16, 1802, reduced
to three thousand two kundied and eighty seven
The aggregate of the present Ai my of the
United States is seven thousand one hundred and
ninety-eight. Aggregate of the Navy, fifty two
ships
After the experience we had in the late war, a
system was adopted in 1816, for the gradual in-
crease of the Navy, and for the construction of
fortifications, which system has been ever since
pursued. Since the year 1816, we have expended
in fortifications about $14,000,000; and for the
increase and repairs of the Navy, the sum of
$22,092,287 73
The whole military establishment, since 1816,
has cost the sum of $133,273,415 75. In the same
time, the whole naval establishment has cost
$66,893,681 96. This, as it appears to me, is
going fast enough. This progressive system will
grow with our giowth and strengthen with our
strength, and will keep us supplied with a Navy
sufficiently large, and fortifications sufficiently
numerous. This piogressive system of improv-
ing our national defenses can be carried on with-
out any increase in the annual expenses of the
Government, and leave $30,000,000 in the Treas-
ury for other uses The present expenditures
are now as great as can be used. We have a
report from the proper Department that there is
remaining in the Treasury $8,000,000 unexpend-
ed of former appropriations; we are officially
informed that hands cannot be found and em-
ployed in the United States to exhaust the appro-
priations that are now annually made for the
public works. Then where is the utility in
making large appropriations which are to remain
unexpended ' Such appropriations may defeat
the passage of the land btll, but they will not
advance the public works.
In further illustration of the American under-
standing of how far it is prudent to provide for
war during peace, let us see what General Jack-
son has said on the subject—aman renowned for
his warlike achievements, and who may be sup-
posed as fuendly to strong national defenses as
any American statesman ought to be. In his
inaugural address on the 4th of March, 1829, he
lays down his creed in regard to our military
peace establishment, in the following words:
'■ Considering standing armies as dangerous to free Gov
ernmeni> m tune of pence, I shall not seek to enlarge our
present establishment."
And in his first message to Congress in 1829,
he says:
' tn time of peace we have need of no more ships of war
than are requisite to the protection ol our commerce Tho-e
not wanted for this object must lay in the harbor , where,
without proper covering, thev rapidly decay; and, even
under the be t precautions for their preservation, must soon
become Úselos bueh i  already the tase with many of
our finest ves-els, which, though unfini-hed. will now re-
quire immeiwe sums ot money to be restored to the con
rirtion id which they were when committed to their proper
element. On this subject there can be but little doubt that
our best policy would be to discontinue the building of
ships of the first and second class; and look rather to the
possession of ample materials, prepared for the emergencies
of war, than to the number ot our vessels which we can
float in a season ol peace as the index ot our naval power
Judicious deposits m navy yards of timber and other mate-
rial-, fashioned under the hands of skillful workmen, and
fitted forpromptapphcation to their various purposes, would
enable us at all times to construct vessels as last as they can
be manned, and save the heavy expense of repairs, except
to such vessels as must be employed m guarding our com-
merce "
In two subsequent messages the propriety of
keeping a navy afloat in time of peace only suffi-
cient to protect our commerce is maintained, and
the propriety of accumulating timber in the navy-
yards is enforced, in place of building new ships.
From all which it appears that, in the judgment
of General Jackson, no provision should be made
for the extension of our peace establishment; that
our Navy was sufficiently powerful for the pro-
tection of our commerce, and that it was better
to lay up timber than to build new ships.
From this view we can collect the sense of this
nation as to how far we should go in ptace to
provide for war.
The American practice, which was established
and has been sustained by all the patriots and
sages who have gone before us, was not in refer-
ence only to our geographical position in the
world in regard to other nations, but was mainly
produced by the warning voice of history, by
which we are taught that the instances are very
few where nations have been conquered by for-
eign invasion, but very numerous where their
liberty has been overthrown by theirown rulers;
that the liberty of nations is in fai greatei dan-
ger from their own powerful fleets and armies,
with a Caesar at their head, than from all foreign
enemies combined.
Now the question is, whether we shall, under
the tempoiary impulses of party excitement,
abandon the American and adopt the European
system of providing for war during peace' Wheth-
er íepublican America shall raise her military
peace establishment to come in competition with
the establishments of the monarchies of the Old
World >
But, sir, if it were wise to apply our whole
resources to the public defenses, the extension of
the fortification system is not the best for altain-
ment of the object. The extent of our country
renders it impossible to resist foreign invasion by
means of fortifications. The maritime frontier
of the United States, from Pasaamaquoddy to
the mouth of the Sabine, following the shore, is
over six thousand miles, one third of which be-
longs to the Gulf of Mexico; the northern and
lake frontier three thousand miles more. This
added to the almost boundless western fron-
tier, makes it apparent that, if the whole sur-
plus produce of the labor of the people of the
United States was forced from them in taxes, it
Would not fortify this vast empire so as to pro-
tect it from invasion. And if we had fortifica-
tions ready made, on convenient points, on the
Whole frontier, it would require a standing army
of several hundred thousand to man them and
preserve them. The number of fortifications
from necessity, must be limited to the defense of
the cities and the exposed points. The number
of fortifications already projected is greater than
was required. Fortunately for the nation, it has
in its power means of defense more cheap and
more efficient. The bulwark  of oar liberty are
to be found in the hearts of a brave people, and
not in the stone and mortar of forts. The bra-
very of a gallant people, in defense of their
homes and their country, has carried us success-
fully and gloriously through two wars with the
most powerful nation in the world. The ra-
tional means of national defense for such a people
in time of peace is to protect them by wise and
equal laws, and to lighten their burdens by a
cheap and pure administration of the Govern-
ment, so that they may prosper and grow in
strength and power and intelligence, and in
wealth. On the contrary, an extensive military
establishment, which would oppress the people
with heavy taxes, would check their spirit;
would paralyze their industry; would wear away
their attachment for the Government; would, in
the end, ehange the national character, and pre-
pare the way for a Bonaparte, at the head of the
national guards.
There is a mode of expenditure more efficient
for the attainment of the object than is to be found
in standing armies and in fortifications. In on
extensive country the success of modern war de-
pends upon the celerity with which armies and
supplies can be conveyed from place to place.
And as the strength of this vast nation in men
and means must forever remain in the interior and
not on the frontiers—m the heart and not in the
extremities, the great means of military defense
is to be found in the construction of roads along
which men and provisions can be thrown to meet
danger wherever it may approach the borders.
For example, if there were a railroad from Lex-
ington to Charleston, supplies of men and arms
and cannon and provisions could be conveyed
along the whole line in a few days, and the ene-
my met and repelled before he had time to do
