668
APPENDIX TXy THE CONGRESSIONAL {3LQBE.
[March 21.
24th Cong. ..1st Sess.
Distribution of the Public Lands—Mr. Allan.
Ho. of Reps.
mischief. In this view of the subject, is not a
road, with a view to military defense, better than
a fort' Sav at Charleston there was an impreg-
nable fortress, an enemy of course would not land
within the range of its sjuns He would keep at
a respectable distance, and ad\ance upon unde-
fended places. Upon ordinary roads it would
require months to move an array and hea\y mili-
tary munitions from trie interioi to Charleston, in
South Carolina, to meet the toe. In this view,
which is the best means of national defense—forts
on the frontier, or lailroads, like viens and arte-
ries leadmar from the heart to the extremities of
the body-politic* White thibis the most efficient,
it is the cheapest passible mode of pioviding for
war The cost ot transportation on oidinary
roads, during the revolutionary and late war, is
more than would construct loads, on the modern
plan, wherever lequired in the Unittd States.
The cause which retarded the military operations
in the late war, and kept our brave soldiers so
often in a state ot starvation, and exposed so
many of them to slaughter, was the difficulty of
supplying them by the modes of conveyance then
in use.
But, sir, this mode of providing for war by
furnishing the means of rapid and cheap convey-
ance of men and supplies from one, part of our
extensive country to another,stands in favorable
contrast with all other modes of providing for
uar, in several important views. Standing armies
and fortifications are worse than useless in time
of peace; they eat up annually millions of the
industry of the people. But roads are alike use-
ful in peace and war. In war they enable us to
throw our power promptly to all places menaced
with danger. In peace they furnish the means
of rapid and cheap conveyance of the surplus
products of industry to all the markets of the
world. Money, and the means of sustaining
armies, are the essential elementa in modern war.
Roads, by the commercial facilities which they
would furnish in time of peace, would enricii the
nation,and enable it to stand up under the burdens
of war.
Then, sir, looking at this subject aloee in Us
military aspect, I would reserve enough of our
surplus treasure to strengthen and build up this
great arm of national defense—the means of rapid
transportation in war, and the means of enriching
the nation in peace.
The next objection which I shall urge against
the 8cbemeof applying the whole income to the
construction of ships and forts is, that it violates
a great fundamental principle of public policy—a
principle which has heretofore, in the administra-
tion ol the finances been disregarded, to the great
injury of the western country. The principle is
this: as the public revenue is collected from all the
Eeople of the nation, in its disbursement it should
e returned to the parts of the country from which
it has been drawn, with as great a regard to
equality as a due attention to the aggregate inter-
est of the public will allow. I agree with my
fuend from Maine, [Mr. Evans,] that the duties
on foreign meichaiidise are paid by the consumers.
I agree that, in the disbursement of the public
money, the pieponderance of the general good,
and not the incidental bentfit, should be the cri-
terion. But I disagree with him that, in the ex-
penditure of the public money, the incidental ad-
vantage should weigh nothing. It is tiue,tbat
the consti uction of a fortification in Kentucky,
merely to secure to the people the incidental ad-
vantage of the expenditure, would be ridiculous
But it would be equally ridiculous to make a road
along the margin of the sea fot the sake of the
incidental benefit. It has pleased God so to form
our extensive country, so to diveisify the inter-
ests of diifeient sections, that the enlightened
statesman, in the conduct of our public affairs,
will never find the general and incidental advant-
ages of the Government to come in conflict
When the impiovemeiits are made which nature
indicates should be on the frontier and in the in-
terior, the general and local interests of the whole
Union will be sustained, and the preponderance
of general good will lie found in haimony with the
incidental advantages of an enlightened adminis-
tration.
Now, su, this scheme of devoting our whole
teans to the Navy and fortifications will perpet-
uate and fasten upon the country the unjust policy
of expending the whole levenue of the Republic
on the sea-board—a policy that has long prevailed
to exhaust the West to enrich the East.
Sir, let us pause here for a moment to consider
how the flagrantly unjust and partial expenditure
of the public money on one side of the Union, for
the suppoit of only paitof the great national in-
terest, first took its use, and how it has been
continued. When the Constitution went into
operation, all the States then in existence were
situated on the Atlantic ocean. That instrument
(as was natural) received such constructions, and
was nduced to practice so as to suit the then
existing interests of the people. They then de-
pended on foreign commerce for the exchange of
the surplus products of their industry. To facil-
itate this foreign commerce, the system which
has since cost the nation millions on millions was
commenced, of making breakwateis, piers, im-
provement of bays, inlets, harbors, the mouths
of rivers, and light-houses, <Lc , &c. But, since
the adoption of the Constitution, the number of
the States has doubled, or will, probably, in a
few days the nation has spread over the interior
of the continent; an internal commerce has grown
up far more valuable than the foreign commerce;
yet there are still many good people in the old
States who believe that ouis is a salt water Con-
stitution, and that it would be the most uncon-
stitutional thing in the world to spend a dollar of
the public money above the ebb and flow of the
tides. Such, sir, is the force of old habits of
thought, especially when interest happens to
run in the same channel. The clause in the Con-
stitution which has been construed to confer the
power on Congress to make improvements for
the benefit of foreign commerce, leads in the fol-
lowing words:
'•■Congrei  shall have power to regulate commerce with
foreign nations,and among the several States, and wall the
Indian tribes "
Although the very same words are used in
.regard to foreign and domestic commerce, yet
many of our Atlantic brethren, while they aie
willing to expend millions to protect, defend, and
facilitate foreign commerce, believe it would be
exceedingly unconstitutional to give a cent for
the security and facility of interior commerce.
But, sir, the time has arrived when the saltwater
exposition of the Constitution must give way to
the progress of the national expansion. Our Con-
stitution was foimed for the continent, and not
for the sea-board. Its scope is sufficiently broad
to comprehend within Us beneficent provisions
every part of our extended and extending coun-
try
Sir, the present unjust scheme of confining the
national defenses to the building of ships and the
election of fortifications, and the application of
our whole means to these objects, will peipet-
uate this old rotten partial system of expending
all the public money on one side of the country.
One reason why a system so revolting to reason,
and so prostrative of justice, has been so long
continued, is this: " money is power;" and this
mode of partial expenditure, while it has ex-
hausted the West,has so enriched the great cities
on the sea-coast, that they have acquired an undue
influence upon the legislation of the countiy
Since the year 1791, there has been very nearly
a thousand million dollars collected frpm the peo-
ple of this country, and expended by this central
Government. Of this vast sum the western coun-
try has paid its full proportion. Yet the people
of that country have been doomed, for near half a
century, to see their substance flow into the na-
tional Treasury, ami from thence poured out in
profusion along the maritime frontier.
To conclude this branch of the subject, I am
opposed to voting all oar means to a navy and
forts, because it would be the adoption of a rad-
ical change in the policy of our Government upon
the spur of the occasion, without consulting the
people; because it would lay the foundation of a
laige standing army, and bring heavy charges
upon the countiy, because the building of ships
and forts are not the only nor the best way to
piovide for the national defense; because it would
perpetuate a partial system of disbursing the
public treasure, by giving H all to the sea-boaid,
and because it would lead to such a vast inciease
of the expenses of the Government, and conse-
quently to such an extension of its powei and
pationage, that oui libeity would be íendeied
unsafe.
Having fitst reasoned to show that oui reve-
nues should not be suffered to accumulate in the
Treasury, and secondly to prove that it should
not all be expended on the sea ooa«t in ships and
foitifications, I will now, in the thud and last
pLice, attempt to prove that so much of it as
has arisen, and will ausc, ñom the sales of the
oublic lands, ought to be divided amon  the
States This phn stands recommended by the
fact that it has been long and dehbeiately con-
sidered and approved by the people, it having at
a formei session passed both Houses of Coreiess
by large majorities, and has received the appro-
bation of many of the State Legislatures
Sir, what is the state of the case ' We now
have in the Treasury #20,571,125 75, which has
accrued from the sales of the public domain,
(which <s the common property of the people of
the United States,) over and above the wants of
the Federal Government. Now the great ques-
tion is, whether this large sum of money shall be
divided among the States, to be expended tinder
their own councils, for the improvement of the
condition of the people  or shall it be added to
the swelling flood of Federal expenditure, to raise
still higher Federal power, and extend the range
of Federal patronage to a btoader circumference >
Shall the whole of our surplus revenue be thrown
into the maelstrom, the grand whirlpool of cen-
trifugal extravagance, where it will draw after it
the remaining barneis of freedom into the same
gorge' These are the weighty questions on the
decision of which hangs the fate Of liberty. If
the division among the States should take place,
the following statement will show the proportion
of each State of what is already in the Treasury:
Table showing the amount to which each State mil he
entitled
States.
Federal' Share fbr
popu-   1     each
ldtion         State
Fifteen
per ct,
to new
Sutes
Total to
n¿vV
States.

| Hollars
Douars
Dollars.

399,437      689,028
269,326       464,587
_
_
N  Hampshire.,
-
-
Ma—acliu-.ett 
610,408    l,052,9o3
-

Rhode Mand  .
97,194       167 659
-
-
Connecticut   .
297,665       51J,473
-
-
Vermont.....
280,657       484,13.!
-
-
New York
1,918 553    3,309 503
-
-
New J<T^ey
319 923       551,86o
-
-
Penn^vlvaiiia
1,348 072   2,325 49^
-
-
Delaware    .
75 432       1 JO, 120
-
-
M-irvland    ...
405,843       700 079
-
-
Vir¡¡iiiia
1,023 503    1,765, >54|
-
North C irolint
639,747    1,10J 563
-
South Carolina
4 w,035       784,918 1
-
Georgia      .  .
420 811 |     741 423 I
-
Kentucky    ...
621,833    1,072,6601
-
1 ennessee  ...
625,363   14178*78 1
-
Ohio.......
93j,884    1 614,400   230,844
1,845,244
Ijom-iana
171 694       296,172     67,561
363 733
Indiana   ..
343 Oil       591,728   135 485
917,213
Illinois ..
157,147       27LB78I 483,760
7o4,838

130,419       224,972
174,354
399,336
Miw—ippi  ...
110 3o8      190 367
788,403
978,770
Alabama.....
262,508      452,826
541,940
994,766
It is estimated that the annual receipts from
sales of the public domain will in future be
$10,000,000. Tiom this data a calculation can
easily be made of the proportion of each State
for any given number of years If the land bill
should pass, I have no doubt but the principle of
jt will become the permanent policy of the coun-
try. There is yet in the limits of the United
States more than a thousand millions of acres
of unsold land, it would supply ample funds for
the States for centuries to come What stupend-
ous results might be produced upon the power,
the agriculture, the commerce, the wealth, the
comfort, the intelligence, and happiness of the
people of the United States, by this application
of their great public domain > This comprehen-
sive, this all-pervading, this equal, this magnifi-
cent plan for the disposal of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands, in practice a few^ears,
would exhibit a degree of improvement in the
United States surpassing all the nations of the
earth The modern system of constructing roads
and improving rivers, with the full development
