1836.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONG^lES^I&NAi, SrltfBE 
669
24th Cons.... 1st Sess.
Northern Bovmdary óf Ohio~~Mr. Hatner.
Ho. or Rs*i.
of the power of steam, would bring the distant
parts of the country so near together, that con-
stant intercourse, mutual interest, and commercial
exchmges would mold the discordant parts into
a homojL noons national character, which would
be the best ?uarantee for the perpetuity of the
Union, and the duiabihty of American liberty.
While the interests of the whole country would
harmoniously unite m this great measure, the
western country has a right especially to call
aloud for its adoption, where, for leasonsalready
given, the Constitution has never been considered
in full force. The present condition of the Treas-
ury furnishes the means to extend the fostenng
care ot the Government to all the great interests
of the whole Union, and forever to wipe out the
reproach of favoritism to one portion of the coun-
try, to the oppression of another. Kentucky,
although entirely neglected heretofore; though
deprived of a fair participation in theijenefita of
the Government, has never complained at sus-
taining her share of its burdens. A full propor-
tion of the taxes has always been paid, ana in
the two wars more than her proportion of blood
was shed for the general defense. Ever since the
year 1791 she has looked on at a partial admin-
istration of the public finances, by which her
substance has been <trawn away, and devoted to
improvements in which she had only a remote
and consequential interest. And while the pub-
lic money has been thus disposed of, what dis-
position has been made of large portions of the
public lands •>
The following: table will show the liberal grants
which have been mads by Congress to the new
States:
3>ar">a3570
4t              ¿t. CO -C
S       aáS
O           ©00 -J

32
Number of acres for
internal   improve
meats
Number of acres for ,
colleges, academies,
and umver&ities.        |
o s
I
The one thirty-sixth
part of public lands
appropriated forcom
mon schools
For    rengious   and
charitable mstitu
tions
J-    JD   „—j~w k>  
§'
§Sá
Land* appropriated for seats
of government.
OS en u
Saline reservations.
CC ig Ui <3 [3 -J ■-----, C -J
^ft00 5l*w K fc -4
Aggregate appropriations fbr
each. State and Terrt-
«ory.
Kentucky led the way into the western wilder
ness, and fought the battle* for the conquest of
the western lands, and now sees them partitioned
out among new comers,and herself excluded from
all oarticipation.
But notwithstanding thé tang exclusion of Ken-
tucky from a full «nd fair enjoyment of the benefits
of the General Government, she would disdain,
and I, as one of her Representatives, knowing her
liberal and elevated spmt, would not venture to
excite sectional feelings. She is for a policy that
embraces the whole Union, and all of the great
mteiests of the Union. She is still willing, as
she always has been willing, to vote money to
the support of a navy to protect our foreign com-
merce in peace, and to defend the country in war.
Formerly, when the navy bad shrunk away to
nothing, under the frowns of the then ascendant
party, the spell was broken, and the navy raised
and called into favor by the voice of a Kentuckian
—the same voice that has been heard for thirty
years in all the times of national emergency. Yet
some unknown person has written to the distant
newspapers that myself and some of my friends
had given a rote unfriendly to the Navy. This
unfounded slander is made manifest by the fact
that I have voted, ever since i have been in Con-
gress, for every recommendation of this Admin-
istration for the benefit of the Navy, and now
stand ready to vote for the estimates sent in at
the commencement of this seshion. Kentucky is
still willing to contribute her proportion of the
requisite millions to go on with the fortifications
and all the national defenses., she desires to abate
nothing from the annual appropriations for the
improvement of the sea-coast. But while she is
wilting, as she has always been willing, to stand
by and uphold the great interests of the other por-
tions of the Union, she would be recreant to her-
self if she did not demand her rights in a tone
that would no longer be patient under refusal
As we need no fortifications, no navy, no stand-
ing army, in the nature of things, the only great
national interests which could be maintained by
legislation m the West are education, and the
construction of highways along which the sur-
plus productsof industry could be safely, cheaply,
and speedily conveyed to market.
In former ages the interior of continents, cut
off from the general intercourse of nations, re-
mained in ignorance and poverty; but modern
roads and steam power are rapidly working a
revolution in Human affairs. They are canying
into the most remote, interior, and secluded sit-
uations enterprise, intelligence, and wealth, and
all the improvements of civilized and cultivated
mam, which were m other days exclusively en-
joyed by maritime countries. The great interest
of the western people is to have their roads and
rivers placed in a condition to enable them to reap
the ad vantages of the modern .improvements in
interior communication; and as the internal com'
merce of the United States has become so much
more valuable than the foreign, reason, policy,
and justice unite in requiring that at least as
much of the public money should be devoted to
its protection. If it were not for old habits and
antiquated prejudices in regard to foreign and
domestic commerce, what reason could be given
for the outlay of millions for the protection of
the lesser, while not a cent is given for the pro-
motion of the greater interest > If the surplus
was divided, and Kentucky had the immediate
use of $631,832, to which she would be entitled,
and her annual proportion hereafter, she would
then be on a footing with the other sections of
the country, the people would be retrieved from
the taxation necessary to pay the heavy debts
which that State is incurring to carry on her
internal improvements. She would be provided
with the means to sustain a system of general
education, and thus to improve the intelligence
of the people, the only foundation upon which
free government can securely rest. She would
be replenished with money. The wages of labor
would be high, the pnoes of produce would be
kept up, and the blesstngs of this rfluoifieent plan
would be equally extended to improve the conr
dition, and happiness, and security of the poor
and the rich, without distinction «r respect of
persons. Will any Kentuckian, will any just
man, say that Kentucky shall not enjoy her fair
proportion of the price of the public lands-
lands, for the conquest of whish her gallant sons
■spent their youth, their substsrroe, and their
¿looA—lands that they have redeemed from the
forest, and made salable and valuable by the
sweat of thei  brow—lands that, by their enter-
prise, they have tnade to supply your Treasury
with sixty million dollars ?
Among the repugnant propositions which have
been maintained by this Administration) none
are more striking than those relating to the dis-
position of the public domain. In the annual
message of 1832 is to be found the following
scheme of getting xid of the public lands. The
President aays:
" It seems to me to be ottr trufe policy that the public
lands shall osase, as soon as practicable, to bsa source of
revenue, and that they be sold to settlers in limited paréela
at a price barely sufficient to reimburse to the United States
the expense of the present system, and the cost arising
under our Indian compict  The advantages of accurate
surveys and undoubted titles now secured to purchasers,
seem to forbid the aboliuon of the present system, because
none can be substituted which will more perfectly accom-
plish tlie^e important end  It is desirable, ho<vever, that
in convenient time this machinery be withdrawn from the
States, and the right of soil and the future disposition of rt
surrendered to the States respectively in which it lies "
This recommendation is repeated in. the veto
of the- land bill; yet the principal .reason given
for the veto is because the public lands are com-
mon property, to which all the States have an
equal right, and because all the 'States have an
equal Tight, and because the land bill gives a
larger proportion of the proceeds to the new
States than to the old.
According to these opposite view , itwould be
proper to deprive the aid States of any share is
the public lands whatever. Yet to give the new
States ten per cent, more of the proceeds would
be such injustice to the old State as to constitute
good cause Bora Teto.                                       '
We now stand upon the point of time; we are
now surrounded by the circumstances favorable
I to that great revolution in our national policy, by
which the blessirtgs of our free institutions, and
' the advantages of justice, shaH be made to per-
vade the whole Union, and be carried home to
the dwelling of every citiien; by which love and
confidence in the Governmentshall be shed abroad
in every heart, and the cement of the Union be
made more firm and durable; by which tins authon-
lty of the General Government shall be thrown
back within the pale of the Constitution and laws,
and the right arm of the " money power" cut off.
Yes, this is the important point df time "when
these glorious ends are to he accomplished; or
when the present corrupt and partial system nt
to be enlarged and doubly riveted on the country
for ages to come—a system that will continue to
exalt the power and patronage of this central
Government; that will continue to enfeeble1 the
power of tbeStates; that will continue to paralyze
the defenses of trberty; that willfinsuy makethe
tax-payer* tore, Mist; they ave aver the face of
the whole'earth rfaets/ieriy slaves to the tix-con-
earners; that will, under the forms of a free Con-
stitution, devote the labor of the common people
to the support of an aristocracy and a throne.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF OHIO.
SPEECH OF HON. THOS. L. HAMER,
OF OHIO,
I  the House or REfRESfeuyATiTE ,
June 9, Í836,
On the bill  to settle the northern boundary of Ohio, and
to admit the States of Michigan and Arkansas into the
Union.
Mr. HAMER said:
Mr. Speaker! I had hoped to avoid the neces-
sity of engaging in the dwouascon upon the sub-
jects now before the House; bat I cannot, in jus-
tice to the State which I have the honor in part
to represent, any longer remain a «lent listener
to the debates which ere progressing around me.
These questions bare been so long pendingbefore
os, that it might well be supposed, every gentle-
man was prepared to vote without further inves-
tigation; and at this late period of the sesaion,
with* such amass of Unfinished business upon our
tableB, votes areraüah more important td the
public interest than long speeches. ladeed there
is so much speaking here, and ** little business
<lone, that I often refrain from addressing the
House, when I would otherwise do-ad ami whet ,
like others, I a«  inclined to think I have-some-
thing tb offer tint would be either interesting to
the House, or calculated to throw light «port the
subject before us. Upon the present occasion,
-however, the argument has taken a tur  that re-
quires of me an expression of my *i«ws, though
it is not my design to enter into an elaborate ex-
amination of all the topics Which have been In-
grafted upon this debate.
It must be manifest to all who have witnessed
| the several movements in regard to this dispute
I between Ohio «ad the Federal Government, (for
