1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Northern Boundary of Qhio-—Mrt Homer.
Hok of Reps.
mit the question to be tried and decided by the
Sunreme court of the United States?" Is it pos-
sible that such doctrine is to be urged here in
the House of Representatives in such a discus-
sion, ami in the present advanced stage of polit-
ical science ! Are the old doctrines of judicial
srrRFMACY about to be revived ? Is this all-
grasping and dangerous department, which has
done more than any other department of the
Government to fritter away the rights of the
States, about now to be vested with authority to
decide upon the political rights of sovereign com-
munities? Is the jurisdiction of a State to be
held subject to the order of a Federal judge, and
the highest attributes of sovereignty to be con-
trolled by a decree in chancery? Is this democ*
racy? It may be so in Rhode Island, but I can
assure the gentleman it is not so in the West.
Ohio acknowledges no right in the Supreme Court
to try such questions; she will never submit to
such a mode of determination. It is a legislative
question, and not a judicial one. Here is the place
to determine it. Congress has only to relinquish
the claim of the Federal Government to the-coun-
try in dispute, and there is an end of all contro-
versy. If the court had authority to try the
cause, how unwise and impolitic would it be for
us to send it there ? Why not put a quietus to it
at once, instead of having a long and tedious law-
suit about it > When a.word can place the parties
where they ought to be, shall we endeavor to
shift the responsibility from our own shoulders,
and throw it upon the court? There it may
remain for years; and, in the mean time, our
Íjublic works are unfinished; property sinks to
íalf price; improvements are retarded; there are
conflicting laws and jurisdictions over the in-
habitants, and perpetual quarrels among the citi-
zens along the border. Why voluntarily pro-
duce this state of things, when it is so easily
avoided?
But there is a much more serious consideration
still, which onght not to be overlooked by a wise
statesman. No case of this kind has ever been
decided by the Supreme -Court. In the case of
New York and New Jersey they agreed to exer-
cise jurisdiction, so far as to require the defendant
to appear, and to progress with the cause; but
they expressly left the question open to the last,
whether they could./maííy decide such a case be-
tween two States or not. The cause was settled
by the parties, and never decided by the court.
Since that time another case has arisen', in which
the court has in the same manner assumed juris-
diction, and the case is now pending. Let them
proceed in this way without objection, and in a
few years this power, so dangerous to the States,
will ripen into perfect maturity. For One, I desire
to enter my solemn protest against it. Suppose,
however, that the court should gó on to a final
hearing of the cause, and when this action of
ejectment, or bill in chancery between two sover-
eign States, is determined, one or both should
refuse to abide by the decision: what would be
done? How would your court enforce its decree?
By what means would it turn one party out of
possession, and put the other in? Every man
who hears me knows it could not be done. Pro-
cess may be issued against an individual, or a
number of individuals, and obedience to the man-
dates of a court enforced; but no such proceeding
can be tolerated against a State. Where would
the marshal find a posse sufficient to compel any
of the States, especially one of the larger class, to
yield possession of her territory, and have it trans-
ferred to a neighbor? If she chose to submit to
it, very well; but if she did not, there is no way
to compel her but by arms. Yon must fight her.
Are you prepared to do this? Are we ignorant
of the political axiom, that our Government is
held together by moral influences alone ? It is
not a Government of physical powers. In mon-
archies and aristocracies, armed men sustain the
Government. It is not so here. Moral power,
public opinion, mutual concessions, and compro-
mises, hold our Confederacy together. Abandon
these and resort to force, and your boasted union,
the proudest, loftiest, and purest temple of civil
liberty that ever existed, will be crushed in an
instant, and its scattered fragments be swept away
like straws upon the surface of a torrent.
What man here desires to see our institution's
subjected to such a test? Who wishes to aid in
trying such an experiment upon their stability?
If the decreesof your court are once successfully
resisted, what regard will ever be paid to them
afterwards ? Away, then, with all such doctrines
and schemes to break down the judiciary, or to
shift responsibility from ourselves. Let us come
up like men; examine the question, and dispose
of it, according to the best of our information
and the dictates of an impartial judgment. We
have been implored for many years to adjust this
difficulty. Here, then, let it be done. Our de-
cisions command confidence and esteem,and they
carry a moral influence with them that ra almost
irresistible. It is seldom that any community
will attempt to resist them; when they do, all
must be conscious that they assume a most fear-
ful responsibility.
The grounds of our claim have been so often
stated to this House, and they are so fully and
ablysetforlh in the lucid report of the honorable
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Thomas,] that
it is scarcely necessary to detain the committee at
this time by a labored argument upon the sub-
ject. But our rights have been so much misun-
derstood and so much misrepresented, that I will
briefly remind gentlemen of some points upon
which we rely. It should be distinctly under-
stood that We are not mendicants petitioning Con-
gress to grant us «donation; but we are demand-
ing what is ours by compact; we ask a recognition
of our claim on the part of Congress, so that
their tenants or wards may no langer disturb our
possession. We allege that á contingency has
occurred, that entitles us to the line we claim, and
we ask Congress to acknowledge the existence of
that contingency, and to relinquish all demand on
their part to the territory within the new line. We
ask the Federal Government to declare expressly
what they have already declared impliedly. When
■we came into the Union, it was agreed and under-
stood that if a due east line from the southerly
bend of Lake Michigan would not give us Mau-
mee bay, then we should have * line running from
the southerly bend of the lake to the most north-
erly cape of Maumee bay; so that the 'bay-Was
to be ours at all events. Now, we knoW that the
doe east line first mentioned, will not give us the
boy. Congress knows it also, for their officer
has so reported. We say it is plain, that, accord-
ing to the original understanding when we came
into the Union, We are entitled to the other line,
which gives us the bay. Congress is asked to
admit this, in so many words: that we may have
Íieaceable possession of the country, and be no
on£er harassed by other authorities, pretending
to claim under Congress, and to be clothed with
power to punish our people and drive away our
public officers. Is this unreasonable ? Is this
asking a gift from you ? It is asking you to be
honest, and to do what every good citizen would
do voluntarily. A bad one would be compelled
to do it, by the civil authorities. It remains to
be seen: whether the Federal Government will fol-
low the example of a good citizen, and honestly
fulfill its contracts; or disgrace itself in the eyes
of the ervflized Vorld, by refusing a simple act of
justice to one of the States of this Union.
Every gentleman, either in or out of Congress,
who has-attempted to argue the question in behalf
of Michigan, has gone back to the ordinance of
Congress adopted in 1787. They seem to rely
.upon this document as the foundation of their
claimsj and thus to go behind the compact between
Ohio and the General Government, formed in
1803, of which I have just been speaking. It is
supposed that Michigan derives her rights-from
that ordinance, consequently, no act of Congress
in 1802 or '3, or of any subsequent period to 1817,
could at all affect her interests. A more radical
<or material error could not well have been adopted.
"Michigan is not known in the ordinance of 1787.
She has no vested rights under it, nor is she one
of the States named in it which is entitled to come
into the Union whenever there are sixtythousand
inhabitants within her limits. This assertion of
right has been repeated so often in her behalf, by
persons who have either never read the ordinance,
or had not sense enough to understand itwhen
they did read it, that hundreds now believe it, and
will not be persuaded to the contrary. Yet it is
not true; site neverhad anjrauch right; and Con-
gress can now, under the ordinance, cut up Mich-
igan, and divide her between Ohio and Indiana,
and never admit her into the Union. We do not
desire any such thing; we believe she ought to
come into the Union; but we cannot admit that she
has any vested rights upon the subject. A care-
ful examination of the ordinance will prove that
we are correct in our opinions.
It is not necessary to explore all the ancient
charters granted by the British Crown, to ascer-
tain who among the several States of the Old
Thirteen had the best title to the country northwest
of the Ohio river, or whether any of them pos-
sessed a right to it, other than the common title
which they all gained by conquest, and which
Was recognized by the treaty of peace with Great
Britain, in 1783. Whether the Federal Govern-
ment derived its title from this treaty, or from
the cessions of Virginia and other States, who
made deeds to it for their respective claims, is a
matter of perfect indifference. They had be-
come the exclusive owners of both soil and juris-
diction at the time of passing this ordinance. I
do not speak of the Indian claims, nor of small
tracts of the country owned by others, because
they have no connexion with the point now under
consideration.
By the ordinance of 1787, the whole country
northwest of the Ohio is divided into three States,
running from the Ohio river on the south to the
great chain of lakes on the north. Each of these
States was to be entitled to admission into the
Union, whenever it should have sixty thousand
inhabitants, or sooner, if circumstances would
allow. The right, however, to come into the
Union upon having that number of inhabitants
was « tested right, of which they could not justly
be deprived. These three States—now known
by the names of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois-
covered the whole country, including the present
Territories of Michigan and Wisconsin. Had
there been no other provisions in the ordinance
in regard to a subdivision of States, or no further
legislation by Congress in reference to such di-
visions* we should have bee  spared the present
difficulty. Ohio and Indiana would now cover
the whole of Michigan}- whilst Indiana and Illi-
nois would possess the entire Territory of Wis-
consin.
But the ordinance provided further, that the
boundaries of those three States shonld be subject
so far to be altered, that if Congress should here-
after find it expedient, they Should have authority
to form one or two States in that part of «aid Ter-
ritory which lay north of an east and west line
drawn through the Southerly bend or extreme of
Lake Michigan. Here is no creation of additional
States; but there is authority given to Congress
to create one or two more, if they should ever
think it expedient. If they should not think it
expedient, then the three States remain as they
were marked out and bounded by the ordinance,
and will necessarily run clear through to the
Canada line. The case is easily understood. No
one can mistake its true position.
Not only every'lawyer, but every man of com-
mon sense, will perceive that there are but two
ways in which the boundaries of these three
States can bechanged. One is by compactor-agree-
ment with Congress; and the other is by an act of
Congress under the ordinance creating one or two
new States in that part of the country lying north
of ah east and west line drawn through the
southerly bend of Lake Michigan. In one of
these two modes only, could their lines and corners
he changed. Their rights were secured by the
ordinance; but they might consent lo an altera-
tion, or Congress might make a change without
their consent,íy making new State , out in no other
way whatsoever. I defy any gentleman to devise
any other means of changing a single Hne or
corner, besides the two I have named. It is im-
portant that we should keep this proposition dis-
tinctly before us, during the present investigation.
We shall see, presently, how the frail tenements
of some gentlemen will tumble down about their
heads. Ft is well for them that their superstruc-
tures are of light materials, or the fall might be
followed by very serious consequences.
It will not be pretended by any one that Con-
gress has ever created a State in the country
lying north of the east and west line named in
