679
APPENDIX TO THE T^ONGRESSOOIVAIv GJA}B£.
[June 9,
24th CoNfi.— lsx Sess.
Northern Boundary ©/ Ohio~-Afr  llawf.
Ho. of Reps.
the ordinance. Territoriea are not States. Willi
a member of this House contend that the erec-
tion of a Territory is the creation of a State,
within the meaning of the proviso? To such a
gentleman I have no arguments to address. All
attempts to convince him would be useless; and
I shall not trouble myself to assail lutn in his
stronghold. If no Slate has been established by
which the boundaries of Ohio have been changed,
then she still extends to the Canada line, unless
her limits have beenaltered by compact. These,
it must be remembered, are the only mod s in
which a change can take filacer What are the
facts in reference to thisquestioni
In 1S02, when Congress passed a law author,
iung Ohio to form a constitution, preparatory to
her admission into the Union, the Federal Gov-
ernment proposed by that act a change of bound-
aries for Ohio; binding her on the north by a
Lite due east from the southerly bend of Lake
Michigan, it was entirely optional with Ohio
to accept or reject this proposition. Suppose «he
had rejected itj what would hacheen the conse-
quence r Nothing in the World, exeept that she
might have been kept out of the Union until she
had, sixty thousand free inhabitants, and the 
they would have been compelled to admit her.
She wauld have come i , *oo, with her bounda-
ries running through t# the Canada.line, unless
Congress had made a- «en State to prevent it.
A Territory would not have answered the pur-
pose.
Ohio could not only accept or reject this prop-
osition absolutely, but she might accept it with
modifications or conditions. She did the latter 
When her convention met, they agreed to accept
-the boundary proposed to them by Congress,
pretultdi when the east line shpulu be rúa, ist
would give them the Maumee bay; but if it did
not, then they declared that line tkayiLd  <tf be ac-
cepted as their boundary, nor binding upo  the
State as such; but their line should run from the
■southerly bend  f Lake Michigan to the moat
.northerly cape of Maumee bay, Here was a
proposition made by Congress to change the line;
the State accepted K upon condition, and-returned
-this ¡acceptance to Congress witii her constitu-
tion^ Congress rrtftde no objection to the condi-
tional acceptance, but ratified the constitution,
and admitted the State into the Union. Who can
misunderstand the rights of the parties under
auch circumstances? They are too palpable to be
■misconceived for a moment. The State yields all
Jier claim to the country north of a line drawn
from the southerly bend of Lake Michigan to the
north cape of Maumee bay, and she yields-nothing
more. She agrees, however, that if a d,we eastt
line from the.southern bend of the lake will give
her the bay, then she, will,yield all the country
-north of UhU line. The line which is to be her
true boundary is not fixed, and cannot be, till the
survey i« made-, but one or the other is to be her
limit, according *s the bay shall be included or
excluded by the due east Une.     i                       >
The fatal error which pervades all Unreason-
ing of the friends of Michigan-is, that they look
upen Congress as-having the right to prescribe
limits to Ohio, in the act of 180:}. It. i* no such
thing. Congress did not attempt to assign to
'Ohio any boundary, other than the pae fi,xed in
the ordinance, except by her oten consent. -Con>
gress Jiad-no such power. The equitable and legal
.title were both vested in Ohio, to all the country,
through fo the British lit . ■ Thepre ia no parallel
Jbe tween the case .of Ohio aud-cha tof a State carved
out of lauda acquired west of the Mississippi.
.In the latter case, Congress -lays, .oat. a State -to
suit its own views of rH prioty;.ÍMi^arthwestrqf
the Ohio, the title was. ia the,Sti tes,.aJul nptip
the Federal Government, i|ence, all that,i)as
been said about the «quitabkúúe lo this disjiuted
region being in Ohio, aad Ü\e leg*l title in .Mich-
igan, or in the General,Government, is wholly
erroneous. It is an«rror*pringisg from the sup-
position that the legal title was in Congress at the
time Ohio came into the Union; whereas, since
the ordinance of 1787, the .legal title had never
.been in the FederalGovernmentrbut had remained
in the State. She agreed to relinquish it upon a
contingency; or,-rather, she-agreed to part witfi
it, unless a contingency did happen; and then she
would retain it.   Very well; the contingency has
happened. The line you proposed does notgive
us the bay, and we hold on to the cape line.
It may be asked, if we have never fully con-
veyed our title to the disputed jurisdiction; if
both the legal and equitable title are in the State,
why we ask Congress for any action upon the
subject? I reply, that you havo embarrassed our
title and incumbered our possession. Believing
that the east line would give us all we wanted,
you have hastily legislated upon the subject, as-
sumed jurisdiction, and allowed others, under
color of your iaw$, to claim possession; and we
ask you to set these things right, by withdraw-
ing from it yourselves and removing your tenants.
We ask nothing mow. This we-Have a right to
expect, for it is but the dictate of common jus-
lice,
I do not wish to be understood here as giving
sanction .to the opinion, that in a question* of
jurisdiction like this, between two governments,
there is any distinction between legal avid equitable
rights. That; is a distinction for courts, to be
made and maintained among individuals. States
and nations have nothing to do with it. Who
ever heard ot legal and equitable rights, arising
out of a treaty, or compact, between France and
England, or between any other independent
nations? If no such distinction exists there,
neither can-it hwe; for,except so far. as powers
have been ¿ranted by the Federal-Constitution,
the Sutes of this Union are justas independent
of each other, and of the Federal Government, as
they are of any nation in Europe, or 4s the
nations of Europa are of each oth^r. They have
a wght to enter into compacts and,agreements,
except su*h as-are forbidden by the Constitution;
and unless that instrument has provided an arbiter
to,settle disputes arising from such compacts,
then each party must judge for itself of the true
construction to be given to the agreement"; and
if they dtfFer, it canpnly be settled by compro^
mise, as all the serious difficulties in our Govern-
ment always have been, and always will be
settled. As to legal and equitable.rights in such
cases, in a dispute between the. General Govarnr
roent and a Stale, where the.,Constitution does
not allow a suit, to-be brought, it is idle to talk
about it. No.action of trespass or ejectment, no
bill in equityor writ of injunction, can be insti-
tuted or obtained by pne of these parties against
the other. Itis a question between two- sover-
eignties, with regard to the force, conduction,
and hearing of a solemn agreement, executed
more than thirty years ago. Although the sov-
ereignty of the States and of the General Govern-
-tnent is strictly a limited sovereignty, yet so far
as this,affair ia concerned, there is no limitation,
for U is a-pact made which was literally within
the scope of the powers respectively, guarantied
to them;and in all audi matters, they are supreme
and sovereign. As- to Michigan, she was no
party to the original agreement; she has oo vested
rights linden the,ordinance, for^she is not known
iuit, and she has nuex been laid pff as a ¿iaie,
-under the authority reserved to Congress in 1787.
Consequently, she is no party to this contro-
versy; and tWattempt to tlirust her forward as
a party,,and then let the General,Government in
a ^ujuagftj.tp,decide i>etween,4is,is all _a trick,
which is tao shallow to irapps? upon any sensible
•«nan's understanding. The Federal, Government
isan interested,p?rty,-japt^sunuch^o as Ohio,;
and it,has,no ware, qr better rignt.ta, decide this
question, than Ohia. • T,rue~iMs stronger; and if
.power giyesri$ht,then it ias.it; but<oot other-
wise.   „     -        ,    (                '.„'■[•'-
¡No one Wbeen-so fyrUd,ye't iis-tq contend that
, Congress .can alter tbe.lines of one of .the States
of this Union. .The 'territorialJurisdiction of
^ch. State ts a.s far removed fao«i the control of
Congress-as'the regulation,of her State revenue,
©r ^the .modification of ,fy;r,1ruwK.,lawsI If Cob-
.gresscnuld-at pleasure dtsmemfcer. áltate—could
.cut ojf. a few-couaties from qne and add ihem to
<anotheis-^.hen our liberties would indeed be held
•by,a frail tenurei   i         '.,     ,     . „
. Apply tilia prüiciple^oi tne ¿^g unjer consid-
eration. .In 1787., Congress, having a, complete
and perfect utle,bo%to.éaü and j,u.risd}qtian, di-
vided the ,country into .three States, securing to
them certain right?, ¡Eupdrftraopg others'the right
to epme.in.to the Daipn whef¡e.ver ettker t)f them
should have sixty thousand inhabitants, and
sooper if convenient. Authority was reserved
at the same time, to alter their boundaries, by
making one or two new States next to the Cunada
line, if Congress should at some future period
think it expedient. In 180Ü Ohio asked permis-
sion to come into the Union, and Congress granted
it, approved of her constitution, and received her
among the other States, upon terms of equality
with the Old Thirteen. This was done, too, with-
out Congress having cut off any part of Ohio for
a new State; consequently she came into the
Union with all the territory given her by the or-
dinance, unless she consented to some alteration.
To what did she consent? Why Congress pro-
posed to her a new limit for her northern bound-
ary,instead of the Canada line, which was to be
an -east line from the southern bend of Lake
Michigan. To this she never did assent, and of
course .it never was .her true line. But she did
agree to take it, provided, upon actual survey, it
should give her the bay; and if not, then the line
should be varied to the north from the starting
place, so as to give her Maumee hay. Which
of these two lines was to be her boundary no one
knew at the time she came into the Union. The
due east one was the temporary line until a sur-
vey should be made; and Congress supposed, as
did the people of Ohio generally, that this line
would give us the bay. Hence-Congress made
that the southern line of Michigan,surveyed pub-
lic lands up to that line, and acted in all respects
as if it were the settled boundary of the State.
Hences too, for several years, Ohio, as a State,
took no particular interest in the matter, believing
that the east, line would give us all %e wanted;
but she never for a moment relinquished or aban-
doned her claim; and if gentlemen will look into
the legislative action of Ohio upon this subject,
they will find that it is no new question, nor has
any new ground been assumed by the State.
Instead of believing that it is a Va,n Buren and
Harrison contest, or that we are taking advantage
of Michigan just at the moment-when she is
coming into the Union, or that it is a case of the
.strong against .the week, they willünd that we
.have been trying for thirty years to ^et this ques-
tion adjusted; that nineteen-twentieths of the
people of-Ohio entertain ,the san^e.opinions with
regard to our rights; that it isj a case of the strong
against the weak, for it is the General Govern-
ment withholding from Ohio what ia her just
right; and that we are pressing our claim the more
earnestly now because, after this long delay, in-
stead of granting us our claim,, you t^ll us that
we have none, and that the country belongs to
Michigan. It is high time for,us to be up and
doing under such circumstances.
There were.further provisions in the compact
"between.Ohio and the Federal Government in
1802-3, when we came into the Union. Con-
gress can no more add to than it can take frorn
the territory of. a State, without, its consent. At
the same time that they proposed this change in
our northern line, and we acceptedit upon condi-
tion, they imposed upon as another condition in
.regard the country lying between us ana the
Canada line. Congress was not prepared at that
period to say whether there ought ever to be one or
twp States foriped in that region, agreeable to
,the reservation ¿n .the. ordinance of 1787; and
they reserved by law, when we came into the
Union the right' to attach that whole country to
Ohio, if they should, think proper to do. so, at any
future period. Ohio agreed to this, and came
into the Union; and^notwitlistanding aH we have
heard here and elsewhere about the vested rights
of Michigan  Congress can tOTmorrow dissolve
her territorial, government, reioct.all her proposi-
tions to become a State, and Attach uer to the
¡State of Qhio. It would' br,ea'k-,no. compact, in-
fringe upon no agreement, and violate no pledge
of public faith; for none has ever been given that
she should have a State government, and be ad-
mitted into the'Union. All the lamentations,
therefore, which have been poured forth over the
multiplied wrongs .of Michigan, have been sup-
plied by fountains possessing no real existence,
and which can only be successfully sought for in
the imagination of the mourners.
Congress haye never decided, to  this_ day,
whether there shall be one or two States in the
