J 336.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
G73
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Northern Boundary of Ohio—Mr. Hamer.
Ho. of Reps.
r uintrv ilong the British line or not They have
nlimttid the three original States of the ouli-
ínncL into the Union, and by agreements with
eaJi one of them, their limits have been curtailed,
and the power retained by Congress to still ex-
tend them to the Can-ida frontier, if they think
proper, bv adding all Michigan and Wisconsin
ti them We euinot objtct to it, nor can the
Territones do so. We dtsire no such arrange-
ment, it will nevei be made But m d scussmg
eights, it is ntCf-saiy to ad\eit to these things
to show how perftctly absurd are the arguments
advinuil litre asrainst Ohio
The right of Congrtss to form one or two States
in the country, north of the line running through
the southerly bend of Lake Michigan, was per-
ftU and indisputable. They could make one
¡Mate or two, as they pleased. They could 111-
«Jiide the whole country north of that line in the
¡ata'e or States so formed, or they could occupy
but a part of it, and attich the remainder to the
three States bordering on the Ohio river. The
Stites aie to be created in the country, and not
of it, they may take the whole, or a part, as best
Milts the public con\emence. Until recently, no
out ever supposed that this line was immovable
mid impassable. Congress never so considered
it, for they have run the northeast corner of Ohio
i in ty or foity miles beyond it; the noithern
liiundary ot Indiana is ten miles over it, and
1 moib is stretched out north of it for some forty
oi liily miles. The impassability of this line is
an after-thought,a modern invenuon, to warrant
an encroachment upon the States already in the
Union. Congress could, originally, before these
States were admitted, have extended the fourth
or fifth State entirely down to this due east line,
because they had the whole country before them,
and could form the States of such size and in
such shape as they chose, or they might have ,
slopped as far north of the line as seemed expe- '
dient, leaving the balance of the country to be
attached to the other three States. But this au-
thority no longer exists. By admitting the three
States, before they exercised it, these States ac-
quired rights of which Congress cannot deprive
tlicm. AH attempts, therefore, to cut off a part
of their territory, with a view of enlarging Mich-
igan and Wisconsin,and making them in shape,
size, and position, what tí is supposed the Congress
of 1787 intended they should be, are as unconsti-
' itional and unwarrantable as it would be to
separate a lange of counties along the Ohio river,
and attach them to Kentucky. The title of every
State to all she brought into the Union, whethei
aosolute or conditional, is as peifect upon her
northern as upon her southern frontier, and the
lights which Congress either waived or relin-
quished, at the time of admission, can never be
Ksumed by a subsequent act of legislation.
I waive the examination of the equity of our
el um, as it has been called, by insisting upon the
understanding and expectation of all parties at the
time of our admission, and the hopes encouraged
by Congress that Ohio should have the bay. Nei-
ther will I attempt to prove that the one we claim
is the natural boundary of our State, and that
without it our public works and those of Indiana
must terminate in another State, allowing them to
iJvy tribute upon us forever, and building up a
great city for them, by our commerce, industry,
and enterprise I will not advert to maps then in
existence to prove that at the time we came into
tlje Union, according to all the most approved
maps in the country, a line due east from the
southern bend of Lake Michigan would have
given us the Maumee bay and a large scope of
country farther north; so that weaie not claiming
i'3 much, by many miles, as we might ask for,
upon well known principles of justice and equity.
I pass by all these and many other considerations
that might be urged upon the attention of the
House, and plant my standard upon the compact.
I rely upon the ordinance; upon the agreement at
the time we entered the Union, and the survey,
which proves that the east line does not give us
the bay. These three constitute a title that all
the sophists and declaimers in the world cannot
shake. The ordinance gives us all the country
to Canada; by the agreement we relinquish all
of it down tp the Maumee bay, retaining that
\ uhin our limits, and by the survt v, we prove
No. 43
that the east line does not include the bay, thereby
establishing our right to the cape line Gentlemen
may ca\il ¡is they please upon this question.
The advocates of Michigan may seek to obscure
it by arguments and sophistry, but the strong,
bold, and prominent featuies of the case must
strike eveiy man with conviction, who will ex-
amine the facts and the laws for himself, instead
of depending upon newspaper articles for inform-
ation, or listening to the statcnv nts of those who
are interested or prejudiced against the State of
Ohio.
For my own part, I have studied this question
carefully and attentively for yeais, and I do most
conscientiously declare, in the sight of Heaven,
that if this weiea controversy between two indi-
viduals, and the one occupying the relation of the
Federal Government were to refuse the other an
act of justice, such as that now demanded by
Ohio, he would subject himself to the scorn and
indignation of eveiy honest man and good citizen
in the whole community It remains tobe seen
whether Congress will place itself in an attitude
that would be disgraceful to a private citizen. If
they come to that determination, they will, of
couise, make up their minds beforehand to assume
the responsibility, and meet all the consequences,
of such an unjust and unfortunate decision.
I will detain the House no longer upon this
branch of the subject, but pass on to some objec-
tions that have been offeied to other parts of the
bill It is a great mistake to suppose that the
people of Ohio are against the admission of Mich-
igan, or Arkansas either, into this Union Such
is not the public sentiment of our State. We are
anxious to have the boundary question settled,
and settled correctly, before Michigan comes in,
and our State has instructed us to oppose her ad-
mission until the difficulty is removed But be-
yond that, we have no wish toembarrass her, nor
do we entertain a single unkind feeling towards
her people, however we may disapprove the con-
duct of some of her public officers I am for this
bill, therefore, throughout. The State ought to be
admitted. Not, to be sure, because she has a
vested right to come in, but because they are our
fellow-citizens, occupying a large, fertile, and
valuable tract of country, already containing one
hundred thousand inhabitants, and daily filling
up with a free, industrious, enterprising, and re- |
spectable population, who ought to enjoy all the
privileges that are granted to other American
citizens This they cannot do, unless you give
them a State government and admit them into the
Union.
One of the principal objections urged against
their admission at this time, is, that their proceed-
ings have been lawlessand revolutionary; and that
for the example's-sake, if for no other reason, we
should reject their application, and force them to
go back and do all their work over again. I can-
not assent to this proposition.
Two ways are open to every Territory that de-
sires to emerge from its dependent condition and
become a State. It may either petition Congress
for leave to form a State constitution, and when
that permission is given, proceed to form it, and
Eresent the new State constitution for our appro-
ation; or they may meet, in the first instance,
form the constitution, and offer it for our approval.
| There is no impropriety in either mode. It is op-
tional with Congress, at last, to admit the State
or not, as may be thought expedient. If they
wish to admit her, they can do it by txeo acts of
Congress; one to authorise the formation of a con-
stitution, and the other to approve of it when
made; or by one act, allowing the prayer of the
petitioners to become a State, and approving of
their constitution at the same time. This latter
course is the one adopted in the present case.
There is nothing disrespectful in it. Indeed, there
is much to justify the Territory in its proceeding.
Year after year they petitioned for leave to form
a constitution, and it was refused, or their appli-
cation wa8 treated with neglect. Wearied with
repeated instances of this treatment, they have
formed a constitution, brought it to us, and asked
us to sanction it, and admit them into the Union.
We have the authority to do this; and if their
constitution is republican, we ought to do it.
There is no weight in this objection; and I will
dismiss it without further remark.                          >'
It is said they have five J the boundaues of the
new States, making them a part of then consti-
tution, and as this bill establishes different bound-
aries, there will be an mcongiuity in the pro-
ceedings, and all that part of our act will either
be null and void, or it will be an alteration of a
State constitution by law of Congress It is sup-
posed, too, that by their admission into the Union,
we sanction the constitution, and that it will be-
come valid by relation back ftom the date of its
existence, and the subsequent legislation of Con-
gress will have no influence upon it. This is a
subtile, lawyer like objection, and seems to ha\e
some weight, but I will show that it is entitled
to no consideration.
In the first place, they have fixed no bound-
aries for the State Ohio, and most, if not all of
the new States, have described their boundaues
expressly in their constitutions, but no such thing
is attempted here They say, "We, the people
of the Territory of Michigan, do form ourselves
into an independent State " It is the people living
within that Territory who form themselves into
a distinct political community, but the precise
limits within which this new State or community
is to exercise jurisdiction remains undefined, and
to be settled thereafter. No boundaries being
given, therefoie, by the constitution, it is the
province as well as duty of Congress to prescribe
them
Will they be obligatory upon the people when
they are prescribed' How can it be doubted'
The bill beforeusrequires the people of Michigan
to elect delegates to a convention; who, upon
meeting together, shall express and declare the
assent of the people to these boundaries, and then
they may be admitted into the Union, and not
until then How can there be any difficulty on
the scoreof boundaries, if a new convention shall
meet and assent to the alterations now made'
Let us look at the other objection, namely, that
by admitting the State we sanction the constitu-
tion, and make it valid Jrom the day of Us date,
and if so, our legislation will be inoperative. The
first weak point m the objection is this: the law
which we pass gives validity to the constitution,
and yet, the moment life is infused into it, we are
to suppose that it receives power to destroy the
provisionsof the law which called ltintoexistence.
This cannot be Its life is derived from the law,
and yet it destroys the law which imparts that
life. Can the stream use higher than its fount-
ain ' Can the creature overpower and destroy its
creator, and still live and enjoy its faculties and
powers unimpaired * Can an agent disobey his
principal, violate his instructions, and rise above
all his commands, and still bind him by his agree-
ments, and claim to be acting under his authority'
These things involve an absurdity too monstrous
to admit of discussion. The constitution derives
its authority, so far as the other States and the
Federal Government are concerned, entirely fiom
the law of Congress. It is subject to such re-
strictions and modifications as the law may im-
pose. It is now a dead letter, and must continue
so forever, until it receives our sanction; and it
will date its validity, as against all but its own
citizens, from the time when that sanction is com-
plete. Previous to that period, it is no more to
Congress, to Ohio, or to any other State in the
Union, than a piece of white paper. It is an in-
strument drawn up according to all the forms of
law, lying upon the table, waiting for the parties
to sign and seal it. Although it may be dated
upon the 1st of January, yet if it be not executed
till March, it takes effect only from the date of its
execution.
Another objection is that aliens have aided in
making this constitution, and are allowed the
right of suffrage in all elections by the provisions
it contains. As to the first point, it is sufficient
to «ay that all the new States northwest of the
Ohio formed their constitutions precisely in the
same way. The ordinance of 1787 does not re-
quire sixty thousand citizens of the United States
to-be resident within the limits of a new State,
in order to authorize a constitution and admission
into the Union. It requires that number of " free
inhabitants," and the alien who resides there, if
he be a " free inhabitant," is entitled to vote in
the election of delegates to the convention, and
afterwards, in deciding whether the people will
