674
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 9,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Northern Boundary of Ohio—Mr. Hamer.
Ho. op Reps.
accept the constitution formed by their conven-
tion. Such has bten the constiuction and piac-
tice in all the countiy noith of the Ohio, and as
the last census shows that thert aie but afewhun-
dncls of aliens in Michigan, it would be haid to
se t aMdt. then constitution, because some of these
mn have participated in us foimation. It would
be unjust to do so, if we had the powei, but we
have no authonty to do it, ioi if we regard the
oidmdiKe a> of any validitv , it allows all " fi^e
inhabitants'' to vote in naming the State govern-
muits which aie to be created within the spheie
of its miliunce. We «ill now turn to the re-
maining point in tins objection, and we shall see
that it ha& no more foice in it than the other.
The constitution allows all white male citizens
ovei twenty-one ycais of age, having resided six
months in Michigan, to vote at all tlections, and
every white male inhabitant residing in the State
at the time of signing the constitution is allowed
the same pusilese. These provisions undoubt-
edly confer on aliens the light of suffrage; and it
is contended that they aie in violation of the
Constitution of the United States. That instru-
ment declares that " new States may be admitted
by the Congress into this Union," that "the
Umttd States shall guaranty to eveiyState in
this Union a lepublican loim of government,"
and that " the citizens of each State shall be en-
titled to all privileges and immunities of citizens
in the several States." The ordinance of 1787
provides that the constitution to beformed noith-
west of the Ohio " shall be republican."
It is an error not very uncommon to suppose
that the right of suffrage is inseparably connected
with the pi ívilege of citizenship. A slight inves-
tigation of the subject will prove that this is not
so. The privileges are totally distinct. A State
cannot make an American citizen who, under the
Constitution of the United States, shall be entitled
to the rights of citizenship throughout the Union.
That power belongs to the Federal Government.
We pass all the naturalization laws, by which
aliens are transformed into citizens. We do so
under the Constitution of the United States, con-
ceding to us this authority. But, on the other
hand, we have no control over the right of suf-
fiage in the different States. That belongs exclu-
sively to State legislation and State authority. It
varies in almost all the States; and yet who ever
supposed that Congress could inteifere to change
the rules adopted by the people in regard to it'
No one, I presume. Why, then, attempt to con-
trol it here ' Other States have adopted the same
provisions' Look at the constitutions of Ohio
•and other new States, and you will find that they
require residence only,and not citizenship, to enable
a man to vote. Each State can confer this right
upon all persons within her limits. It gives them
no rights beyond the limits of the State. It can-
not make them citizens, for that would violate
the naturalization laws; or rather, it would render
them nugatory. It cannot give them a right to
vote in any other State, for that would infringe
upon the authority of such State to regulate its
own affairs. It simply confers the right of aiding
in the choice of public officers whilst the alien
remains in the State; it does not make him a
citizen; nor is it of the slightest advantage to him
beyond the boundaries of Michigan.
But it is said aliens may elect a member to this
House, or elect membeis of the Legislature, who
will elect Senators to the other House of Con-
gress. True, they may do so, and how are we to
prevent it' The Federal ConstituMon makes no
provision upon this subject, except to declare, that
Representatives to this House shall be elected by
"people" (not citizens) who "have the qualifi-
cations requisite for electors of the most numerous
oranch of the State Legislature." But the quali-
fications requisite to vote for the House of Repre-
sentatives, or House of Commons, in each State,
is left entirely to State regulation. If aliens are
allowed to vote for members of this House, and
the election shall be contested, it will be time
enough then for us to enter at large into the ques-
tion, whether such votes shall be retained or re-
jected. For the present, it is enough for our pur-
pose, that there is nothing upon the face of this
constitution that conflicts with that of the United
States. Similar observations will apply to the
case of a United States Senator.   Who would
think of contesting his seat, because a member of
the State Legislature voted for him, who had
himself been elected, in part, by aliens' No one,
I appiehend, would cany his íefinements upon
principles of government quite that fdi; but if he
should, the Senate will determine the contest
when it is brought before them We have nothing
to do with it upon the piesent occasion It this
constitution does not set up a rule, plainly at vau-
ance with the Federal Constitution, we aie bound
to receive it. All we can do is, to inquiie if it be
a republican constitution, and not inconsistent
with the paramount law of the Union ' The ob-
jection to this instrument seems to be, that it is too
i epubhean, it extends the i ip-lit of suffrage entirely
too far to suit the viewa of certain gentlemen. It
is seldom, nowadays, that we meet with an instru-
ment of this solemn character, to which such an
objection will apply. Most of them run to the
opposite extreme, and instead of carrying out,
piactically, the great principle that man is capable
of self-government, and can be safely intrusted
with the management of his own affairs, their
framers seem to have been solicitous to guard the
people against themstlves, and to curtail their
poweis and privileges as much as possible. I am
irlad to see a liberal spirit pievaihng in Michigan.
Their constitution is woithy of the age in which
we live; and it would be well for some of the
older members of the Confederacy, if they would
follow the example which has been set by our
younger sister.
One answei, however, may be given to all
these objections to the constitution, which is con-
clusive. Suppose we refuse to admit the State
until they meet and alter the constitution to please
our tastes, or gratify our peculiar notions upon
the subject, and we then admit them into the
Union; what is there to hinder them, the next
week after they are admitted, from calling a con-
vention and changing the constitution bark to
the very same thing it is at present? Who can
prevent it' Does not every State in the Union
possess and exercise the right to alter her con-
stitution when she pleases, and as she pleases; so
that it still remains a republican form of govern-
ment ' All attempts at restriction upon these
new States must be futile, so long as they, too,
have this power to alter and amend. We cannot
force them to anything, and, if we intend to give
advice, we had much better advise some of the
old States to extend the right of suffrage, than to
ask the people of Michigan to cuitail it within
her borders.
I will notice another objection I have heard
urged to the bill. It declares that upon the ad-
mission of the State, the Senators and Repre-
sentatives who have been elected by said State
shall be entitled to take their seats here, without
further delay. No persons are named; but the
objectors take it for granted that Messrs. Lyon
and Norvell, the two Senators, and Mr. Crary,
the Representative, who are now here, are the
individuals intended by this provision; and it is
said that we are legislating tliem into their seats
If so, we are doing wrong; for the Constitution
of the United States guaranties to each House
the right to judge of the elections and qualifica-
tions of its own members. Neither House has the
right to say who shall take a seat in the other,
and, consequently, no such question can be set-
tled by a law, which is the act of both Houses,
sanctioned by the President of the United States.
All such laws would be palpable violations of
the Constitution.
If the phraseology of the bill is consulted, it
will be perceived that it neither names any indi-
viduals who shall take seats in Congress, nor
does it apply to persons who may be now claim-
ing a right to take seats here, or to those who
may have been heretofore elected by the people,
or Legislature of Michigan. It speaks of a state
of things which is hereafter to exist, and not of
the present time. When this bill is passed, and
the convention of Michigan have approved of the
boundaries given to the State, the President is to
issue a proclamation declaring that she is ad mitted
into the Union; and then the persons who shall
present themselves here, claiming seats, if they
have been elected, duly elected, will be entitled
to take their places as members of the two Houses.
But each House will judge for itself whether they
have been elected or not. No matter whether
the gentlemen now here, undei their present cer-
tificates of election, or under new ones, oi some
other individuals, sent here by the State, shall
claim the seats, each House will examine thur
claims to membership,and receive oi ujtct them
according to the dictates of their own understand-
ings, without reference to this bill, or to any other
that Congiess could pass on the subjc <u Laws
will have no influence upon the pretensions ot any
individual. They only confei a tight upon the
State to send members here. But the fact of the
person who comes being constitutionally and
piopeily sent, will be tried and decided by each
House for itself. This is the only tair constiuc-
tion to be placed upon the language used in the
bill. It might have been made moie explicit, but
when a law is even susceptible, fairly, of two
constructions, that one should be given that is
consistent with sound sense and with the Con-
stitution. If we adhere to this rule, there can be
no possible difficulty in regard to the provision
now under consideration.
There is no other objection which has been
raised against this measure, that I think it neces-
saiy to combat. I will say a word, in passing,
with regard toAikansas. She is equally entitled
to admission with the other Is her constitution
republican ' Who doubts it' Is this a time or
place to discuss abstractions ' If hei constitution
is not republican, then the constitutions of one
half the States in the Union are not. Are we
piepaied to fan aflame that aheady burns with
a strength and a-1 ardor calculated to startle every
patriot in the land ' I am suie that a large ma-
jority of this House will frown down all attempts
to produce an excitement that can do no possible
good, and may be attended by evils of the most
alai ming chai acter You have given her a ,er
ritonal government, and ingrafted institution 
upon it by your own laws. She is on the south
ern side of the line drawn by the "compromise'
of the " Missouri questton." She has asked you
reppatedly foi leave to form a State government,
ana you have neglected her, as you did Mich-
igan. She has at length acted, and framed a
constitution, which she íespectfully asks you to
accept and ratify, and allow her to come into the
Union. How can she be refused ' She has the
requisite number of inhabitants. They are our
friends and fellow-citizens, and are entitled to a
full participation in all the benefits of the Union.
With regard to objections to their constitution,
the same remarks maybe made thatweieapplied
to the other State. Compel them to change it;
admit them; and perhaps the next week they
will call a convention and amend it, so as to
restore the same features to which you raised the
objection. The people of these new communities
deserve kindness at our hands They are under
our protection and guardianship; and now, when
they are about to set up for themselves, we ought
to manifest the affection of a patent, and the
solicitude of a friend, for their future welfare.
By this means, we shall secure their gratitude
and esteem, and rivet their attachment to a Union
which, in its practical operation, dispenses so
large an amount of individual and general hap-
piness to the citizens of this great Republic.
I shall vote, then, against the amendment now
proposed, because it isunnecessaiy,and ltsadop-
tion may cause the bill to be lost in the Senate.
I shall vote against all amendments that may be
offered, for the same reasons. As the bill now
stands, it gives to Ohio all she asks, and it pro-
vides amply for Michigan There is no necessity
for an alteration or amendment; and no one who
is a friend to the principal features of the bill
should risk its final defeat, by voting to change
its details Let us adhere to it, as it came from
the Senate. We have the whole subject now
under our own control. We can put an end to a
most distracting contest that has agitated our
country fiom Maine to Georgia, and from the
Atlantic to the most remote settlement upon the
frontier. There was a time when the mos>t pain-
ful anxiety pervaded the whole nation; and whilst
each one waited with feverish impatience for fur-
ther intelligence from the disputed territory, he
trembled lest the ensuing mail should beai the
disastrous tidings of a civil strife in which brother
had fallen by the hand of brother, and the soil of
