678                                          APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                           [February 10,
21th Cong....1st Sess.
position of tin"! bill as may not leave the labor
emplo\td, and the time consumed there, to be
usii^s and vain for all the pnctical pin poses of
legislation
This bill pi opones to distnbutea portion of the
public tunda ot the Government, about which
theie has betn (I think I am saft in saying) moie
niiMi t\ than upon any other subject to which the
pubhe attention has been called dunng the present
session When has been the day that the inquiry
his not passed fiom one membei of this House
to anothei,'- what shall be done with the surplus
money in the Tieasury !" Is not the same solici-
tude manifested from all quartets of the country,
and by all who witness the deliberations of this
body ' It, then, that question is deemed so vital
to the purity of the Government, and so import-
ant to its faithful administration, it cannot fail to
appear to eveiy one, that this leading and ab-
sorbing subject, which tends to the purpose,«t
least one of the purposes, of disposing of the sur-
plus funds of the Government, should be placed
in such a situation as that the opinion of this
House may be indicated, and the vote of mem-
bers be taken upon the main question, without
the hazard of getting no vote at all upon that
question.
It is, then, of importance to the countiy and
to Congress that this bill should be acted upon
as speedily and effectively as its nature will admit
of. But while it is important in this point of
view that this House should come up at once to
the matter before them, it is not less important to
the States, with refeience to the ultenor disposi-
tion which they may make of their proportionate
share of these proceeds, upon the supposition
that the bill should pass into a law, that it should
be known what is to be its fate. If the bill should
pass into a law, and pass in season, the Legisla-
tures of some of the States may convene, (such
at least may be the case in the State of Pennsyl- '
vania,) and be in session in sufficient time to pass
upon the subject, which, in that e\ent, would
become an interesting question, and worthy of
immediate consideration by the Legislatures of
the íespective States. In this aspect of the mat-
ter, this reform, in my apprehension, acquires
additional consequence, and in this point of view,
also, I hope it will be considered by this House, i
Sir, I have but little more at this time to trouble |
the House with. These are my reasons for
uigingthe refeience of this bill to such a com-
mittee as will give to it the attention of all its
members, and insure the vote of members on one
side or the other without delay, it is not speeches
that aie wanted. Upon this I was foicibly struck
with an observation of the honorable gentleman
over the way, [Mi. Adams,] at the eaily part of
the session, I have since thought it one of the
most essential truisms which has been pro-
nounced here this session, " that all would agree
that a vote was of more consequence heie than a
speech " In conclusion, sir, I have only to
appeal to gentlemen to come up and meet this
question fanly and independently; it is scarcely
to be supposed that an opinion is yet to be formed,
or a ^ote to be changed by anything that will be
said or done in i elation to this subject The
trust is confided to us of acting, and so to act as
to advance the public interest; that when a public
measure is in itself unwoithy of the sanction of
this House, to put our negative upon it by means
direct, but, if it be mentoiious, to carry out the
means of making it effectual.
NAVY APPROPRIATIONS.
REMARKS OF HON, H. EVERETT,
OF VERMONT,
In the House of Representatives,
February 10, 1836.
The question being on the motion of Mr Beil to reduce
the appropriation for the Navy-Yards at Portsmouth—
Mr. EVERETT said he was in favor of putting
the navy yards that wei e necessary foi the service
in pel feet condition He thought, however, that
the present number was more than was neces-
sary. We had now j=even. viz- at Portsmouth,
Ciurlestown, New York, (rlrtioktyn,) Philadel-
Navy Appropriations—Mr. Everett.
phia, Washington, Gosport, and Pensacola, that,
of these, three might, without injury to the ser-
vice, be discontinued, viz. at Portsmouth, Phila-
delphia, and Washington; at least, that we ought
not to erect any new works at these places, but
only keep them in repair for the present, and
ultimately discontinue them; and all that the ap-
propriations for additional improvements should
be thrown on the four navy-yaids that were to be
continued. Theexpenseofmaintaimngtheyard's,
independent of the cost of the permanent works,
was worth saving. To each yaid were attached
commandants, navy agents, clerks, guards, &c ,
&c It gentlemen, however, would not be willing
to go with him in discontinuing the three navy-
yards, he thought there were strong reasons for
discontinuing the one at Portsmouth. It was
within sixty miles of that of Charlestown. That
yard was sufficient for the coast east of the cape;
the principal materials fiom the South—live-oak,
&c —must all pass that depot in their way to
Portsmouth. H« saw no reason for maintaining
two yards so near each other, and which were
not required for the use of the naval service. The
appropriation now asked for was for the erection
of new works, with a view to the permanent con-
tinuance of the station. For one, all he was
willing to do at present, was to provide for its
present preservation, whatever should be neces-
sary for this purpose, he would vote for. What
the unexpended balance of appropriation was for
Portsmouth, he was not informed. On the 1st
January, 1834, it was over $12,000, and $39,925
was then appropriated; and he wished to know
whether this had been expended. When the
present motion was decided, he should move to
strike out the whole appropriation, with a view
to elicit information of what was necessary for
repairs, and to have the appropriation limited to
that purpose only.
When called upon to vote for appropriations,
he was desirous of being informed for what ob-
ject the money was to be expended, of the char-
acter of the woiks required, as well as of their
necessity A new doctrine, and to him it seemed
a dangerous one, had been advanced, to which [
he could not assent—that we should receive the
estimates of the Departments as puma facie evi-
dence of the necessity and pi opnety of the works
proposed. This was a degree of confidence
which, as a Representative of the people, he was
unwilling to repose in any Administration This
House was the keeper of the keys of the Treas-
ury, and responsible to the people foi the ex-
penditure of its treasure. We could not surren-
der the keys to the Executive without betraying
our trust The people were entitled to call on
their Representatives for a reason for every ex-
penditure. Would the people be satisfied with
the answer that it was asked for by the Execu-
tive > For one, he was dpsirous in all cases to
obtain such information as would enable him to
give a more satisfactory answer.
If the estimates are to be taken as prima facie
evidence of the propriety and necessity of public
woik, they must to nineteen twentieths of the
House beconclusive. Those few Representatives
who reside in the vicinity of the place where the
works aie to be erected only can judge fiom ac-
tual knowledge, and they,too,aie not very likely
h4o be prejudiced against them.   They will not, |
,  at least, be  induced  to search for objections.
i1 Take the present case as an illustration.    The
I  honorable gentleman [Mr. Cushman] who repre-
sents the section of country around Portsmouth,
I is not even satisfied with the present estimate,
I and has given notice he shall move to increase it.
A similar notice has been given in relation to the
appropriation for Pensacola.    He contended that
such information should accompany the estimates
as would satisfy the committees, and enable them
to satisfy the House of the propriety of the ap-
propriations.
Mr. E. further contended that the House ought
to be informed not only of the necessity of the
work proposed, but of the plan on which the
money was to be expended. They had a right to
know not only the general object pioposed, but
the means by which it was to be effected, to see
that their money was not wasted by inefficient or
extravagant expenditures. All that seemed now
required of the Representatives was to vote the
Ho. of Reps.
money for general objects, and let the Executive
expend it at its own discietion. In his opinion,
in appropriations for all new works, the plan of
expenditure should be exhibited to the House,
and not only exhibited, but should be sanctioned
and piescnbed by the act of appiopnation. This
was, he thought, very properly pi oposed to be
done in a bill now pending, for the erection of
buildings for the State and Tieasury Departments;
the bill presetibed they should be erected accord-
ing to the plan which is now exhibited on the
wall of this House He could refer to instances
of an opposite character, in which the country
had suffcied, and might yet suffer, for the want
of similar provisions.
An appropriation was made for the armament
of the Navy; the manner was left to the Execu-
tive, and by the Executive to experiments of the
Navy commissioners Under their experiments,
the weight of the guns in pioportion to their cali-
ber was reduced, and the result is, that you have
now seven hundied and fifty guns in your Navy
more dangerous to the crews than to an enemy.
Another case: In 1833, an act passed appro-
priating $200,000, on estimates, too, for building;
a budge over the Potomac, between this city and
Alexandria. The estimates were for a bridge of
wood, and sufficient for the purpose; yet the act
did not, though the estimates did, say that the
bridge should be made of wood. The act merely
provided for a bridge, but prescribed no plan on
which it was to be built. Under this $200,000
act a contract was made with a Mr. Dibble to
erect a stone bridge, for which he was to receive
$1,350,000. And even this, by a very competent
judge, was deemed less than one third of what
the bridge would have ultimately cost. Mr.
Baldwin, an eminent practical engineer,estimated
that it would cost $4,791,620. The country owes
the defeat of this magnificent expenditure to the
vigilance of the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, [Mr. Mercer.]
On his report the act was repealed by the almost
unanimous vote of the House, and a wooden
budge ordered; and which has been completed
for something less than one hundred and twenty
thousand dollars.
He would instance another magnificent project
now in progress—the New York custom-house.
The House had prescribed no plan for this work,
nor fixed any limit to its cost. They had voted
ahead $500,000, and the work was hardly yet
visible above ground; what, with its columns and
decorations, it would cost, he could not estimate;
probably some millions of dollars. A fourth
case- We had now before us a bill appropriating
large sums for what might be called floating for-
tifications, yet to be erected, on sites yet undes-
ignated and unpurchased.
In all cases, he thought the House should not
only judge of the general utility of any proposed
object of expenditure, but should, as far as prac-
ticable, limit the discretion of the Executive in
the expenditure.
A new and strong motive for economy is now
I presented—a motive which would have its influ-
ence on him in legard to every expenditure. He
looked forward to the passage of a bill now in
progiess for this distribution of the proceeds of
the public lands, in effect, of the suplus revenue,
among the States. He trusted the bill would
pass the present session The principle was one
of those on which the present Executive came
into power; it had been favorably noticed in the
message of 1829; it had been recommended by
the Legislatures of many of the States. He would
now guard the Treasury with the same vigilance
as though it were already a law—with the same
vigilance as though the surplus revenue had al-
ready been actually divided among the States;
and the questions now were on calling it back
and reappropnating it to objects of national con-
cern.
Some gentlemen had advocated the appropria-
tion as more necessary in view of our present
relations with France, and had taken the occasion
to avow their course on war appropriations. He
considered this as a bill founded on peace esti-
mates. Other bills reported looked to other pros-
pects He would not regard this bill as having
any íelation to war, and he wished to be dis-
l tinctly understood that he would not be induced
