1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expunging Resolution—Mr. Leigh.
Senate.
to abandon the principle of economy to which he I
hid referíed, fiom any imaginary danger of war;
that he would vote for no wai appropi iation un-
less he btht'ved there was danger of war; that
then ho would go as far as the fmthest, but that
at piesent he had no such apprehension; that he
could not, fiom any nv re imagmaiy danger, be
induced to depmt liom the punciple of economy,
and peinut inevocable appiopnations to be made
to the peculiar .uhamrtge of any section of the
country H< thought it notimpiobable tbatsome
who ajrei d with him on the leading ptmriple
might diffei fiom him m its application. The
appropriations for the N.ivy and for fortification?
vv ould be expended on the sea-board. The m >ncy
of the Government, like the water of its str ims,
runs to the ocean. He trusted that those who
represented the hill country would not be unchni-
ltjbly judged by their biethren if they should
not be sUisfied so easily as themselves of the
necessity of every appropriation. Should the
current be reversed—should the money ever run
up strtim, and beyond the proper constitutional
limits of internal improvement—they would ex-
pect a simihr jealousy on the part of the sea-
board. Indeed, they think they have seen some-
thing of the kind alieady.
Two years since it pleased the Committee of
Ways and Means to drop from the harbor bill the
nppropuation of the $3U,000 for suiveys—this
only remnant of the system of internal nnpiove-
ment left to its fnends. A motion was made to
insert it, but failed, and failed, too, by the oppo-
sition of tide-water votes. What was the conse-
quence' The hill country saw that, while they
weie voting millions for others, not a cent could
be expended above tide water They united, and
laid the harbor bill on the table by a majority of
over twenty; and there it would have laid till this
tune had not the$30,000 beenmserted. He would
e\cite no sectional jealousy, but would insist that
equal justice should be done to all parts of the
country. And it would be the fault of those who
united on that occasion if it was not done He
was not willing there should be one constitution
for the sea-board and another for the country
He was willing to vote for every necessary ap-
propriation for fortifications, for the Navy, and
lor navy-yards. He would put the four principal
navy-yards in the best condition, but he could
not vote for unnecessary objects, useless objects
of expenditure. Such he conceived that of the
navy-yard at Portsmouth. Though he did not
propose now to abandon it, he would not consent
to enlarge it Ultimately, he trusted, it would be
discontinued.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
SPEECH OF HON. B. W. LEIGH,
OF VIRGINIA,
Iíí Senate, Jlpril 4 and 5, 1836,
On Mr. Benton's Expunging Resolution.
Mr. LEIGH said he wished the Senate, and
especially his friends who concurred with him in
sentiment on this very peculiar and important
question, to understand that private cares, from
which he could not withdraw his mind, had alone
prevented him from giving that undivided atten-
tion to the subject which would have enabled him
to call it up for consideration at an earlier day.
Hesaid the resolution of the 28th March, 1834,
declaring " that the President, in the late execu-
tive proceedings in relation to the revenue, had
assumed upon himself authority and power not
;onfenred by the Constitution and laws, but in
derogation of both," presented m itself two ques-
tions for consideration: 1st. Whether the propo-
sition there affirmed was just and true, in point of
fact and in point of law? and 2d. Whether it was
within the constitutional competency of the Senate
*o entertain such a resolution, and to determine
apon it' And it was upon the negation of these two
ooints, for reasons set out in the preamble, that
-he gentleman from Missouri founded the propo-
sition now made to expunge the resolution from
•he journal. Now, (said Mr. L.,) it is most ob-
vious that, if the gentleman had proposed a pre-
amble and resolution reciting that the resolution
of March, 1834, was false and unjust in fact and
in law; that it was an assumption of the powers
of the House of Representatives, an impeach-
ment, trial, and piejudication of llie Piesident on
a criminal charge; and resolving, therefore, that
the resolution be rescinded—this would have been
as strong a censure of the n solution, us effectual
an exonention of the Piesident from all blame,
as effectual an expression of that sentence of con-
demnation which, we aie told, the people hive
pronounced on our conduct, and of the judgment
imputed to them of acquittal and approbation of
the President, as this lesolution to expunge the
entry of the former lesolution fiom the journal.
No one doubts the constitutional right of the Sen-
ate to rescind the resolution of Mai"ch, 1834, if it
i rally think theproceedingausuipation of power,
incompatible with our duties, uniust in (act and
in law, and mischievous. And his mind must be
strangely constituted who does not see that the
right of the Senate to expunge the resolution from
the journal is, to say the least, questionable
The very argument of the gentleman from Mis-
souri on the point, and much more that of my
colleague, evince thit, even in their own sense,
the right is not free of doubt—that of my colleague
seemed to me to betray not a little skepticism.
The known, the recorded hesitancy of many Sen-
ators at the last session as to the right of expung-
ing, who were ready and desirous to rescind,
ought, I should think, to satisfy gentlemen that
the right to expunge is, at best, doubtful. Why,
then, is that course, as to the constitutionality of
which theie is noquestion, and which would pre-
sent the whole merits of the contested resolution
for consideration, relinquished, and this course,
the constitutionality of which even its advocates,
though they have íeasoned themselves into a be-
lief that it is right, must, I presume, admit to be
somewhat questionable, preferí ed and resorted to.
"Expunge," says the gentleman from Mis-
souri; "expunge is the word;" because it serves
to fix a mark of disgrace on the conduct of the
Senate; because it condemns not only our reso-
lution, but our motives; because it pronounces
sentence on the Senate (as a reward to the Pres-
ident) of "dishonor, denunciation, stigma, in-
famy," because "it is the only word that can
render adequate justice to that man who has done
more for the human race than any other mortal
who has ever lived in the tide of time;" and
because, says my honorable colleague, (if I
nghly apprehend his meaning,) the Senate is the
most irresponsible body in this Government; for
I can conceive no reason for this allegation of
irresponsibility against the constitution of the
Senate, in the present debate, but to show the
wisdom and necessity of humbling it, or to rouse
against it the indignation and jealousy of the
public, which may stand in place of a reason for
the proposed sentence of condemnation.
As to the panegyric on the President, I shall
only say, for the piesent, that if he desires this
poor triumph ovei his political opponents—a
triumph more humiliating to himself, in tiuth,
than to them—as Cato's image, drawn in Caesar's
train, detracted nothing from the fame of the
dead patriot, but only showed the pusillanimity
of the victor—" ignobly vain and impotently
great;" this alone would be sufficient to evince
that he deserves no such panegyuc. 1 agree
with the gentleman f.om Missouri, that the Pies-
ident '«i name and memory will live as long as
the history of these times shall be extant; but,
whether they will live for honor and gratitude, or
for contempt and detestation; whether he shall
be regarded, in aftertimes, as the benefactor of
his country, or as the destroyer of its free insti-
tutions; whether his history shall be written by
some future Plutarch, or by a Tacitus or Sallust;
whether his name and deeds shall be the theme
of immortal praise, or "damn'd to everlasting
fame;" this, let me tell the gentleman from Mis-
souri, is no more within his competency to decide
or foresee, than it is within mine. All-trying
Time can alone determine Henry VIII. was
lauded, during his life, for piety, generosity, and
justice, and James I. for his wisdom; Cicero paid
the forfeit of his life for his patriotism and virtue;
and John De Witt was torn in pieces by the
people, to whose service, to the establishment of
whose civil liberty and republican institutions he
had devoted his whole life and his great abilities.
But history has been impartial
I am sorry my honoiable colleague thought it
propei, on this occasion, to denounce the Senate
as the most nresponsihle body m this Govern-
ment I must say that it is of a piece with the
dtnuneiritions of the Senate that have been, for
some time, going the lound of the ministerial
newspapeis. It is truly astonishing to me that
any ¡statesman should enteitain such an opinion.
The President, wielding the whole of the vast
pationasre of this Government, and being, in the
nature of things, the bead of the dominant party
for the time being, is in every practical view, far
less responsible than the Senate; and, if the gen-
tleman's opinions of the constitutional powers
and rights of the Executive be correct, I shall
show him, befoie I have done, that the President
is absolutely irresponsible.
But, if my colleague founds this allegation of
irresponsibility against the constitution of the
Senate on the length of its term of service, I think
he must admit, upon his own principles, that the
judiciary is yet more irresponsible: and therefore,
I apprehend, that when the Senate shall be dis-
posed of, when it shall be reduced to insignificance
and uttei inefficiency, the constitution of the judi-
ciary depaitment will be taken up for subveision
under pretext of reform. Indeed, the note of war
against it has alieady been sounded. I presume
my honorable colleague will not deny that this
alleged irresponsibility of the Senate, if it exist,
is oidained by the Constitution; and then, I ask
him, whethei to stigmatize the Senate for that
cause, to point public jealousy and indignation
against it, to degrade, to humble it at the foot of
the presidential throne, is not an attempt, so far
forth as it may work, to effect a practical change
in the constitution of the Senate' and this for the
very reason that it has approved itself capable of
fulfilling (though but for a brief space) the pur-
poses of its institution; namely, of exercising a
check on the Executive power and on the national
popular branch of the Legislature. If the Senate
be not sufficiently responsible, that may be a good
reason for resorting to the direct remedy for this
vice in the Government, and proposing an amend-
ment of the Constitution; but it is no reason for
fixing a stigma upon it, or for i ousing the resent-
ment and indignation of the public against it.
And it was with surprise and chigrin that I heard
my colleague uige this imputed irresponsibility of
the Senate, in an argument to show the propriety
of setting a maik of ignominy on any of its pio-
ceedings.
The constitutional question involved in the
proposition to expunge the resolutions of March,
1834, lies, in tiuth, in a very narrow compass—
whether such expunction be consistent with the
provision of the Constitution, that "each House
shall keep a journal of its proceedings, and from
time to time publish the same, excepting such
parts as may, in their judgement, require secrecy;
and the yeas and nays of the members of either
House, on any question, shall, at the desire of
one fifth of those present, be entered on the
journal'" I stand on the supremacy of the
Constitution, and in the plain meaning and intent
of the express requisition, that the Senate " shall
keep a journal of its proceedings;" and my task
is to expose the fallacy of tho'se glosses by which
the advocates of the eXpungin? process would
persuade us to avoid the constitutional provision,
and defeat its purpose.
My honoiable colleague told us with admirable
gravity that, as it had been the known, invaria-
ble, and indispensible practice of every legisla-
tive body to keep a journal of its proceedings,
the constitutional injunction upon each House of
Congress to keep a journal, taken substantively
by itself, is wholly supererogatory; and that
every legislative body has an absolute discretion
over its own journal, inherent in the very nature
of parliamentary institutions; an unlimited right
to make what disposition in respect to them it
thinks proper, and may exercise such discretion
at any time; which he did not attempt to prove by
argument, but only to establish by precedents.
And so he concluded, very logically, that we
have a right to expunge the entry of this offensive
resolution from the journal of the session of
1833-34.   Never have I read or heard anything
