630
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expunging Resolution—Mr. Leigh.
Senate.
put in the form of argument that was so perfect
a specimen of the pehtio pimcipu.   The gentle-
man has begged the whole question.    He has
stattd the propositions it was his duty to prove
as,populate, and then concluded to the very prop-
ositions he had taken for granted     Give him his
premises, grant that the constitutional requisition
that we shall keep a journal is supererogatory,
and so of no effect, allow him to expunge those
■ttoid  from the Constitution; and grant, too,
that eveiy legislative body, the two Houses of
Congress not excepted, has an absolute, unlim-
ited discntion to do what it thinks pioper with
its journal, and then I myself should not contro-
•veit the conclusion, that we may expunge this
entry of the resolution of Match, 1834, from our
journal     But he cannot show a light to expunge
this entry from our journal, unless he can show
a right to expunge the injunction to keep the
journal fiom the Constitution.
When gentlemen propose to expunge the reso-
lution of March, 1834, from the journal of that
session of the Senate, what do they mean by
expunging' The English verb to expunge, has
(according to Dr. Johnson) only two senses. 1.
to blot out, rub out, 2. to efface, annihilate. The
word is used metaphorically, when, in anything
written for the purpose of being fairly copied or
printed, a word or passage is struck out by run-
ning the pen through it, which prevents it from
being copied or printed, and so expunges it in
effect. It is in this sense that Swift uses it in
the passage quoted by Johnson as an example:
" neither do they remember the many alterations, addi-
tion", and evpunsinis, made by great author , in those
treatises which they prepire for publication "
But in this sense gentlemen do not mean to ex-
punge our resolution from the journal; they do
not pi ofess an intention or wish soto expunge
it; in truth they cannot so expunge it, for it has
been already printed and published.
Can the resolution be expunged from the jour-
nal, in the true literal acceptation of the phrase,
without a violation of the Constitution' The
argument is that the injunction upon each House
of Congress to keep eijoumal issimplyarequisition
to nude one, which is to be printed and published,
and is to be made only for the purpose of being
published, that aftei the publication the duty to
keep the journal is atan end; the printed copy is
the journal, the manuscript copy is functus officio
—it is mere waste paper, and the keeping of the
original manuscript is only matter of foim. If
this be true; what is it—I ask, in the name of
common sense—what is it gentlemen are propos-
ing to do' Not to expunge an entry from the
journal of a former session of the Senate, but
only to deface a piece of waste paper they have
found in the Secretary's office, which they or
the Secietary, or anybody else that can lay his
hands upon it, may destroy without fault or
blame; which they might cany to the President,
lay it at his feet, and invite him to trample upon
this castaway memorial of the tiansactions of
the refiactorySenate,or thrown into the flames,
or order it to be burnt by the common hangman;
which any man may, without fault or hazard, the
moment after the expunging piocess shall be com-
pleted, teai in pieces, and give to the winds Do
gentlemen seriously deslíe to expunge the íeso-
lution from the journal, in effigy' Can they
really think that expunging, in this wise, de-
facing a piece of waste paper, " is the only word
that can render adequate justice to that man who
haa done more for the human race than any other
mortal who has lived in the tide of time'" What
an appropriate act to signalize their real estimate
of the merits they so highly extol! What a
glorious triumph, what a pleasing gratification,
must this "avenging word expunge," thus un-
derstood and applied, afford the President!
But what, in truth, is the journal of the Senate '
The original manuscript journal, made out from
the minutes of our proceedings, according to the
rules and orders of the Senate, read over every
morning, amended and corrected if erroneous,
and finally deposited in our archives' or, the
numerous printed copies, made from a copy fur-
nished by the Secretary to the public printer, dis-
tributed to members of Congress, to the federal,
executive, and legislative offices, the State gov-
ernments, foreign ministers, universities, and
public libraries' Gentlemen say, the punted copy,
because, forsooth, a printed copy of the journal
published by authority is received as primary
evidence in the com ts of justice. True, it has
been held to be so admissible, but this is on a
principle of geneial convenience, because the
punted copy is very seldom erroneous, and its
accuracy is hardly ever questioned or question-
able, and because, to requne an exemplification
or an examined sworn copy, in eveiy case in
which such a document may be wanting for evi-
dence, would lead to unnecessary delays, trouble,
andexpeiise. But to bung this question toa plain
decisive test- suppose the journal of the Senate
should be offered as evidence of any right or
claim, and it should be alleged that the printed
copy published by authouty vanes fiom the
original manuscript journal, and this should be
made tó appear by an inspection of the original;
which would be respected, the printed copy or
the original manuscript journal' No one who
has the least notion of the law of evidence will
hesitate foi the answer The original manuscupt
journal is the evidence which the court must re-
spect.
The printed editions of the Constitution and
laws of the United States, published by authority,
aie resorted to as evidence of the law in all the
courts of justice of the Union, State and Federal.
Is it to be, therefore, inferred that the original
manuscupt enrollments of them are no longer of
any use' That the laws having been made, printed,
and published by authority, there is no longer
any duty to keep the rolls of parchment on which
they are written' That they may be effaced,
mutilated, or destroyed, or applied to any pur-
pose to which they can be applicable' as the
Monks in the dark ages used the parchments on
which the Latin classics were written, for indit-
ing their own worthless treatises of theology.
There are two facts in the history of our legis-
lation which furnish a most apt and perfect illus-
tration of this part of the subject.
In Bioren 's edition of the Constitution and laws
of the United States, published by authority, and
daily resorted to for evidence of the law, in all
our courts of justice, there is found a thirteenth
amendment of the Constitution, ordaining that
"if any citizen of the United States shall accept
claim, receive, or retain any title of nobility or
honor, or shall, without consent of Congress,
accept and retain any present, pension, office, or
emolument, of any kind whatsoever, fiom any
empeior, king, prince, or foreign Power, such
person shall cease to be a citizen of the United
States, and shall be incapable of holding any office
of trust or profit under them oi either of them."
But we all know that this is not a part of the Con-
stitution, that it has not been ratified by a suffi-
cient numbei of States to make it eo. And 1 see
that in the copies of the Constitution pr nted under
the superintendence of our Secretary, and fur-
nished to the members of the Senate, it has been
veiy properly wholly omitted. Now, suppose that
any man should receive and retain a present fiom
a foreign potentate; suppose, for example, my
honorable colleague (there is no want of courtesy
in making the supposition, since no one can be-
believe the case possible in fact) had, during his
embassy to Fiance, received a present from Louis
Philippe, and íetained it for his own use, and his
citizenship and capacity for public office should
be drawn in question, and impugned on that
ground, and the fact should be proved by incon-
testable evidence, I ask him to tell me what ought
to be thought of the judges who should take and
apply to his case that thirteenth amendment of
the Constitution, printed in Bioren's edition of
the laws, published by authority, and deny him
all recourse to the evidence which the journals of
the State Legislatures would afford, that this pro-
vision is not a part of the Constitution'
At the last session of Congress there was a bill
that passed one House, but was not, in fact,
passed by the other; yet, through inadveitence,
it was enrolled, signed by the President of the
Senate and by the Speaker of the other House,
and actually approved and signed by the Presi-
dent, The mistake (as I understand) was dis-
covered before the acts of the session were printed
and published. But suppose the discovery had
not been so timely made, and the act had been
printed and published by authority, this surely,
would not have been of force to make that a law
which had received the assent of only one brtnch
of the Legislature But the truth could nowise
be ascertained but by an examination of the jour-
nal It may be said, indeed, that the tiuth would
equally appear by an inspection of the printed
copy as of the manuscript original. And this
would be true enough upon the supposition that
the printed journal is an exact copy of the manu-
scupt, and capable of being verified by a compar-
ison with it; but if we shall assert and exeicise a
right to expunge any entry fiom our manuscript
journal, and thereby to prevent the inseition of
it in the punted copy, we shall take away all
faith, all confidence,all certainty, fiom the punted
journal, and if we shall establish the doctune,
that the onginal manuscupt need not be preserved
for a moment aftei the printing and publication
of it, by what possible means shall the tiue his-
tory of our proceedings be ascertained' If the
act I have mentioned, which, though passed by
only one House, was em oiled and signed by the
Piesiding Officers of both Houses, and appioveil
by the President, should be adduced, with all these
evidences of authority upon it, as the foundation
of any right claimed under it, and it should be
objected that the act never received the assent of
the Senate the answer would be plausible, if not
conclusive, that, for aught that appears, the Sen-
ate may have expunged the entry of its assent to
the act, after it had been perfected by the appro-
bation of the President, and that the act must be
regarded as law. The answer certainly could not
be refuted by an appeal to any authentic written
evidence. I beseech gentlemen to reflect upon the
possible consequences of this " avenging" pro-
cess of expunging—what doubts it may bring
upon the evidence of our proceedings—how it
may impair the authority of our acts—how it
may, perchance, have the effect of giving author-
ity to acts as laws, which, in tiuth, have never
been passed.
The original manuscript journal is the journal;
that journal which the Constitution commands us
to keep. But gentlemen insist that the constitu-
tional provision, that "each House shall keep a
journal," imports only that they shall make one,
without requmng that they shall ptesetve it.
This Anglo Saxon woul to keep is generally
used in a strict hteial sense, and then always
impoi ts to preserve, and nothing else or more. It
is used in diveis metaphoncal senses, which,
from frequency, have the appearance, at first
view, of being literal, but it always imports the
idea of preservation or indefinite continuation,
intended, requested, or commanded It is never
used assynonymous with making any thing. Every
child of three years old knows, when his mother
tells him to keep anything, that she means he is
to take care of it The very instances stated by
the gentleman fiom Missouri serve to show that
to keep does not mean to make, but to pranve or to>
continue indefinitely. Take a few of the least
obvious of them for specimens: " To keep com-
pany" does not mean to make the company one
keeps, but to frequent one or more persons often
and habitually, not to pay a casual visit. " To
keep a mill" means not to make the- mill, or to
make the grain to be ground, or to grind the
grain, but to take caie of the mill, attend to the
working of lt.pieserve the corn for grinding, and
after it is ground preserve the meal for use. " To
keep a store,'' or " to keep a bar,'' most certainly
does not mean to make the goods or the liquors,
nor (as he supposes) simply to sell them; it
means to take care of the goods for sale, sell
them, and preserve the proceeds for further use.
But let us resort to better authority than either
the gentleman or lean pretend to be. The Eng-
lish translation of the Bible is one of the best
authorities we have in the language for the mean-
ing, propriety, and purity of words and phrases;
it is "the well of English undefiled." This word
keep is very often used in Holy Writ, and always
imports the idea of careful preservation or end-
less indefinite continuation. "The Lord's por-
tion is his people, Jacob is the lot of his inher-
itance. He found him in a desert land, and in
the waste-howling wilderness; He led him about,
He instructed him, He kept him as the apple of
His eye."   " Except the Lord keep the city, the
