682
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
[April 4,
Expunging Resolution—Mr. Leigh.
5ENATE.
of it, that it surprised me not a little.    He sup-
posed that the judgment in the Exchequer against
Mr. Hampden for the twenty shillings of ship-
money assessed upon him, was canceled by an   '
order of the House of Commons, (in which he
was probably misled by the concise account of
the proceeding given by Hume, who had no pur-
pose, and no reason, to enter into details,) and
here presented it as an instance in which the
process of cancellation or expunction was applied
even to a judicial record.    The fullest and most
authoritative account of the transaction  that  I
know of is to be found in the third volume of the
State Trials; and the story is this:  On the 7th
December, 1640, the Commons voted that the
levying of ship-money by the Crown, the extra-
judicial opinions of the judges sustaining the   ¡
King's prerogative in that respect, delivered in
the Star Chamber, and enrolled in the courts of
Westminster,  the  warrants for  levying   ship-
money, called ship writs, and the judgment in
the Exchequer against Mr. Hampden, were all
contrary to the laws of the realm, the rights of
property, the liberty of the subject, former reso-
lutions of Parliament, and the petition of right.
And they afterwards delivered these votes to the
Lords, at a conference of the two Houses, and,
at the same time, they gave in articles of impeach-
ment against Sir Robert Berkley, one of the
judges  of the  King's  Bench,  in  which   they
accused him (among other things) of delivering
an extra-judicial opinion in the Star Chamber,
affirming the prerogative of the Crown to levy
ship-money, and concurring in the judgment of
the Exchequer against Mr. Hampden, (setting
out the opinions and judgment at length;) "all
which words," they charged,  "opinions, and
actions, were so spoken and done by him, traitor-
ously and wickedly, to alienate the hearts of his |
Majesty's liege people from his Majesty, and to
subvert  the  fundamental  laws and established
government of his Majesty's realm of England." '
After the conference, and while the articles of :
impeachment were pending against Sir Robert
Berkley, and while, too, it was well known that
all the other judges who had concurred with him
in opinion on the question of ship-money were
liable to impeachment on the same grounds, the
House of Lords, on the 20th of January, 1640,
old style, resolved nan. con. that the ship writs,
the extra-judicial opinions of the judges therein,
and the judgment against Mr. Hampden, were
contrary to the laws and statutes of the realm,
the rights and properties of the subject, former
judgments in Parliament, and  the petition of
right; that is, the Lords, though they were to sit
in judgment upon the articles of impeachment
against the judges who had affirmed the prerog-
ative of the Crown to levy ship-money, condemned
the act of the judges as strongly as the Commons,
who had impeached one judge, and might, and
probably would,impeach the others.   On the 20th
February following, the House of Lords ordered
that all the rolls containing the opinions of the
judges, the judgment against Mr. Hampden, and
the records of the proceedings, should be brought
into the House;  that vacats thereof should be
entered " by the judgment of the Lords, spiritual
and temporal, in the court of Parliament;" and
that the rolls should " be rased cross with a pen,
and subscribed with the clerk of Parliament's
hand."   And this was accordingly done.
Let me pause here and ask my honorable col-
league whether he thinks this proceeding a prece-
dent that we may safely follow throughout?
Whether, if the Supreme Court should give a
judgment ever so plainly illegal and unconstitu-
tional, we could in like manner vacate and cancel
it?
Mr. RIVES explained. He was understood to
say that he was not uninformed of the particulars
of the proceedings in Parliament on the case of
ship money,as they had been stated by Mr.LEiGH,
and that he had not referred to them as a prece-
dent for canceling or expunging a judicial record,
but simply as an instance in which cancellation
had been resorted to for the purpose of vindicat-
ing and maintaining the principles of civil lib-
erty.
Mr. LEIGH. I understood my colleague to
refer to these proceedings as a precedent of ex-
punging which might serve as an authority for
our expunging; then to cite his other English
precedents for the like purpose, and, after stating
them as precedents in point, to recommend them
as good guides for us, by displaying the benefits
to civil liberty which the process of expunging
had been employed to accomplish. But he knows
his own purpose best, and I cheerfully take his
explanation.
And now let me tell my colleague that this pro-
ceeding of the House of Lords is not to be re-
garded as a case of cancellation by mere authority
of that House. It will be observed that the vacats
and cancellations were ordered " by judgment of
the Lords, spiritual and temporal, in the court of
Parliament." They professed to act judicially;
and, in doing so, they assumed jurisdiction to
vacate and cancel a judgment which had not been
brought before them by appeal. They had claimed
a like jurisdiction before, but, as they well knew,
it had been disputed and denied. Therefore they
ordered a bill to be prepared to confirm theiri'n-
cats and cancellations, which bill was passed; and
it is upon the strength of this act of Parliament
that the legality of the cancellation rests.
But the principal purpose for which I have
called the particularattention of the Senate to these
proceedings in the case of ship-money, is to show
that the House of Lords, the high court of im-
peachment, while an impeachment against one
judge for illegal, unconstitutional, and extra-ju-
dicial opinions and judgments was actually pend-
ing before them, and impeachments against other
judges on the like grounds might probably be ex-
pected, did not regard it as at all incompatible
with their judicial character to declare, by unan-
imous resolutions, that the acts of the judges were
illegal and unconstitutional; they did not suppose
that they were prejudging the person accused,
much more those who might be accused; they
understood that the guilt of the judges did not de-
pend on the illegality of their opinions and judg-
ments, but upon the willful criminal intent imputed
to them. Now, the main argument of the gentle-
man from Missouri, to show tñe incompetency
of the Senate to entertain the resolution of March,
1834—to show that "expunge is the word," be-
cause it alone can condemn our proceedings as
having begun in wrong—is, that the resolution
was an impeachment, trial, and prejudication of
the President on a criminal charge, though the
resolution alleged no criminal intent; though no
man imagined the possibility of an impeachment
against the President for the acts which the res-
olution declared illegal and unconstitutional; and
though it is perfectly obvious that the illegality
imputed to the President'sconductmightbe owing
to errorof judgment, without the least intentional
wrong. And thus this precedent, which my col-
league has brought with commendation to our
notice, serves to confute the argument of his friend
from Missouri; and it serves no other purpose.
The case of Skinner against the East India
Company, which was the next precedent referred
to by my colleague, (as an instance of expunging
even a judicial decision,) has been considered im-
portant in England, only because it resulted in
an informal but effectual settlement of a disputed
point of the jurisdiction of the House of Lords
as a court of civil judicature.    Skinner had gone
to the East Indies upon a mercantile adventure,
| but he purchased an island, and endeavored to
; establish himself upon it as his own domain. The
j East India Company thought this an invasion of
their rights, and they took away his goods, and
drove him from his island.  Skinner preferred his
petition to King Charles II. for redress. The King
referred the case first to two members of his coun-
cil, and, after a long delay, sent it to the House
of Lords, that it might administer justice.    The
J Lords assumed original cognizance of the case,
cited the East IndiaCompany toanswerSkinner's
1 petition, overruled the pica put in by the Com-
pany to the jurisdiction, and finallvgave judgment
forSkinnerfor .£5,000. Meanwhile,the Company
presented a memorial to the House of Commons,
complaining of the proceedings of the Lords, as
j an unwarrantable assumption of original jurisdic-
1 tion in a civil cause, which deprived the Company
of its right to a trial according to the due course
of law.  The Commons remonstrated against the
jurisdiction claimed by the Lords, as unjust, op-
pressive, illegal, and against common right; and
the Lords, on their part, remonstrated against the
aonduct of the Commons, in receiving a libelous
complaint against them and their proceeding. A
long and angry controversy ensued between the
two Houses. The Commons resolutely forbore
to act on the bills of supply to the Government.
The King, hoping to put an end to the quarrel, in
December, 16G9, prorogued the Parliament to the
February following. But when Parliament met
again, the Commons renewed the quarrel with
increased warmth. The King, finding that he
was to get no supply (which was all he cared
about) till the controversy between the two
Houses should be terminated, made a speech to
them, in which he proposed and recommended that
each should expunge from its journals every entry
relating to the subject, so that no memorial should
be preserved of the proceedings of the Lords
against the East India Company, or of the con-
troversy between the two Houses that grew out
of it. Both Houses saw the wisdom and even the
necessity of compliance. The Lords expunged
all, without exception; the Commons entered the
King's speech on their journal, and expunged all
the rest. The House of Lords have never since
attempted to exercise original jurisdiction in any
civil cause. Now, in fact, here was an expung-
ing of entries from the journals by the concurrent
act of the three estates, King, Lords, and Com-
mons, though it was not effected by a formal act
of Parliament; and whoever will attentively ex-
amine the history of the transaction, (as it is re-
ported in the sixth volume of the State Trials,)
will see that there was no other way in which the
object could have been accomplished; for had a
bill been introduced for the purpose, that would
have engendered a dispute concerning other kin-
dred points of jurisdiction claimed by the Lords,
and the quarrel between the two Houses would
have been renewed.
But this case serves to show how and why the
process of expunction was originally introduced,
and its meaning, purpose, and effect. It began
at a time when the two Houses of Parliament
were not in the habit of printing and publishing
their journals promptly after each session, and
when, of course, the expunging of an entry from
the journal had the effect of preventing the entry
from appearing on the journal at all when it should
be printed and published. They expunged in
the sense in which Swift speaks of the " expung-
ings made by great authors in those treatises they
prepare for publication." They did the very re-
verse of that which it is proposed we shall now
do. It will be found by an examination of the
printed journals of Parliament for the time (they
are in our library) that no trace of the proceed-
ings in or concerning this case of Skinner against
the East India Company is to be found in them.
The same remarks are probably applicable to the
expunging of the pro test of the Tory Lords in 1690,
which was the next precedent referred to by my
colleague.
In the first Parliament regularly called, after
the expulsion of James II., and the accession of
William and Mary to the throne, a bill was in-
troduced in the House of Lords for recognizing
the title of King and Queen to the Crown, in
which a clause was inserted, declaring that the
acts passed by the Convention Parliament "were,
and are,laws." The Tory Lords, in the progress
of the bill, succeeded, by a small majority, in
having this clause struck out; and the Whig
Lords protested. In the sequel, the clause was
reinstated in the bill by a majority of six votes;
and the Tory Lords, in their turn, entered a
protest, the terms of which indicated disrespect
towards the majority, but the principal objection
to it was that it, in effect, denied the legal author-
ity of the Convention Parliament, and so im-
pugned the fundamental principles of the settle-
ment that had been so happily accomplished by
the revolution. The Whig Lords immediately
ordered this protest to be expunged from the
journal. I pray the attentive consideration of
the Senate to the circumstances of this transac-
tion. The Tory Lords, as my colleague truly
observed, had an undoubted acknowledged right
to enter a protest upon the journal, expressing
their dissent from the opinion of the majority,
and their reasons for it; the majority, notwith-
standing, expunged the protest; and this proceed-
