1836.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
24th Cong....1st Sess.
ing is quoted with approbation, and held up to
us as an example and authoiity. The President |
of the Unitid States, who has nomannei of light
to judge of our rights and puvilegcs, of winch
the Constitution makes us the sole judges—who
his no color of light to piotest against any of our
procet dings.—sent us a protest against oui resolu-
tion of tin 23th of Maich, 1834, and the loudest
complaints are made against us for refusing to
consent to this, irregular, unauthoiizedinteifcience
with our proceedings, and foi declining toieceive
the protest, and entenng it on our journal' It is
said the President's piotest was respectful and
temperate. That is matter of taste, but, grant-
ing that that is the true chaiacter of the piotest,
the Senate would still, in my opinion, have been
wanting in a justsense of self-respect, careless of
its own privileges, wholly unmindful of the place
which the Constitution has assigned to it in the
system, if it had íeceived such a papei, and en-
tered it on its journal, and thereby set a prece-
dent of acquiescence in the pretension of the
Executive to remon&tiate against its pioceed.ngs.
As to the f imous case of the Middlesex elec-
tion, it is true that the resolutions of the House of
Commons, in 1709, declaring that Mr. Wilkes,
having been expelled from the House, was in 
capable of being elected to the same Pathament,
and that Mr. Luttrel, who had received a com-
paratively small number of votes, was duly elected,
was expunged from the journal in 1782. Mr.
Fox, who had earnestly supported the resolu-
tions of 1769, made, indeed, a faint opposition to
the expunging of them—so faint, that he may be
regarded as having acquiesced in it, and in effect
given his consent to it, especially as he held a
Íiositioa in the House which would have enabled
nm to prevent the expunging, if he had had any ,
care to do so. The precedent would have been j
in point to the present purpose of gentlemen, but .|
for this little circumstance—that the House of |
Commons is not, as the Senate of the United
States is, bound by a constitutional provision, to ]
keep ajournal of its proceedings.                            i
There is another case of expunging, by the
House of Commons, worthy of parucular atten-
tion, since we happen to have Lord Chatham's
opinion upon it. In 1770, the Commons, con-
sidering the publication of accounts of their pro-
ceedings and debates a violation of their privi-
leges, issued warrants for the apprehension of
the offending printers. Some submitted; some
evaded the process One was arrested and carried
before Alderman Wilkes, who discharged the
printer, and bound him to piosecute the person
who apprehended him for an assault and false
imprisonment. Another pnntei, being arrested
by a messenger of the House of Commons, sent
for a constable, and delivered the messenger into
his custody, and both paities were carried before
the Lord Mayor of London: the printer, I sup-
pose, in the custody of the messenger, and the
messenger in the custody of the constable. The
Lord Mayor held the arrest of the printer, under
the warrant of the House, illegal, and discharged
him, and committed the messenger for illegal
arrest and imprisonment, till he entered into a
recognizance to appear and answer an indictment
for the offense This recognizance was entered
in the book kept for the purpose, and as it was,
in case of forfeiture, to be the foundation of a
judicial proceeding, it was of the nature of aju-
dicial record. The Commons, angry at this re-
sistance of its authority, brought the Lord Mayor
to their bar, and thought proper to wreak their
vengeance upon the recognizance he had exacted
of their messenger, by expunging it from the
book in which it was written. Now, it happened
that not long after the proceedings against the
pnnteis, a motion was made in the House of
Lords to expunge from its journal a resolution it
had adopted, disclaiming all right to express any
opinion on the proceedings of the Commons m
the case of the Middlesex election; and this prop-
osition to expunge the resolution of the Lords
from the journal was earnestly supported by
Lord Chatham in debate. But, in a speech he
made about the same time, on a motion for an
address to the King to dissolve the Parliament,
speaking of the misdeeds of the House of Com-
mons, he referred to their expunging of the íecog-
mzance, (which he justly regaided as ajudicial
Expunging Resolution—Mr. Leigh.
record,) and said that ltwas the actof a mo&,not
of a Pailiament. In his opinion, then, the Lords
might expunge a resolution previously adopted
from then own journal, which was kept only
under authority of their own order, but when the
Commons expunged a judicial record, which the
lavo íequues those intrusted with its custody to
keep, he denounced it as the act of a mob. In
what words would that gieat and virtuous states-
man have described such an act as that now pro-
posed to the Senate—the defacement of an entry
from the journal of the proceedings of a legisla-
tive body, winch the Constitution of the country,
supenoi to the law, expressly enjoined it to
keep '
With respect to the case of expunction by the
Legislature of Massachusetts, I have only to say
that the journals of that body are only required
to be kept by its own íules or usages, not by any
constitutional piovision. I am sutpnsed that the
pioceedings of the Senate of Tennessee should
have been referred to at all. That body, sitting
as a court of impeachment, we are told, entered
judgment of acquittal one day, and the next day
the couit, being not yet dissolved, expunged the
entiy The case is precisely the same as if a
jury bringing in a verdict are sent back to recon-
sider it, and, upon reconsideration, return a con-
trary verdict. Do not gentlemen know that the
judgments of every court of justice are in its own
breast during the whole term at which they are
pronounced, and that that is the reason why the
court is competent to alter, set aside, or cancel
them, at any time during the same term'
My colleague tells us that the House of Bur-
gesses of Virginia expunged the last, and far the
most important of Mr. Henry's celebiated reso-
lutions, in 1765, and that the worthiest of our pa-
triots concurred in the act. If that resolution was
expunged, the precedent would be nothing to the
put pose; because we know there was no consti-
tutional provision requmng the Colonial Legis-
lature to keep journals of its proceedings. But,
though the fact is stated on the highest authority
I acknowledge, yet I cannot help thinking there
may be some mistake about it. There is evi-
dence, under Mr Henry's own hand, that he was
not aware that the íesolution was expunged; and
if it was expunged, all accounts agree that it was
done in his absence. It is upon the strength of
that very resolution that we have claimed foi him
the honor of having been the fiist to set the ball
of the Revolution in motion. If the íesolution
was expunged, the House of Burgesses thiew
away the palm of glory which Mi. Henry might
have won, and we of Virginia must concede it to
James Otis and Massachusetts. It has hitherto
been a subject of honoiable contention between
us
My colleague, with a view to recommend the
expunging process to especial favor, took the
pains to explain to us, that in evei y instance which
has been resorted to in the English Parliament
the purpose and the effect have been to vindicate
some important principle of civil hbeity. The
warmth of his zeal prevented him from perceiv-
ing the contrast which thestoiy of the proct eding
we are engaged in will present to the woild and
to postenty. It is as striking as it is melan-
choly.
Thus, in the famous case of ship-money, the
House of Lords vacated and canceled the opin-
ions of the judges and the judgment against Mr.
Hampden, in order to condemn, and abrogate
forever, a dangerous prerogative, claimed by the
Crown upon the strength of old precedents, to
raise revenue for itself, without consent or au-
thority of Parliament, but the purpose of the prop- !
osition to expunge oui íesolution of March, 1834,
fiom ourjournal,is,and its effect will be, to affirm
and establish the Executive prerogative claimed
1 by the President, to exercise a complete control
over the custody of the public treasuie, and togive |
the use and profit of it, m theintei val between the
I collection and disbursement, topersonsoflus own
selection. We have seen, too, that the House of
Lords, in the course of the ship-money tian^ac-
tion, passed a resolution, condemning, in the
stiongest teims, the conduct of imp( achable offi- I
cers as illegal and unconstitutional—though an
I impeachment against one of them was actually
I pending, and impeachments against others, on
Senate.
the same grounds, were anticipated; which im-
peachments that House was the tribunal to try
and determine—without incurring the blame of
prejudging the cause of him who was accused,
and of all that might be accused, of participation
in the act declared illegal. But it is one of the
main objects intended to be accomplished by ex-
punging our resolution, to establish the doctrine
that the judicial powers vested in the Senate by
the Constitution, instead of being an addition, to
operate as a limitation upon its legislative powers;
and that the Senate cannot express an opinion
against the legality of the measures of the Pies-
ldent, or, by consequence, of any other impeach-
able officer, without exposing itself to the re-
proach of impeaching, trying, and condemning,
without heaiing, the officer who may, by possi-
bility, be impeached.
The expunging of the proceedings and judg-
ment of the House of Lords, in the case of Skin-
ner against the East India Company, my colleague
says, and says justly, was intended (and, in fact,
accomplished the object) to vindicate the com-
mon right of the subject to trial by jury in due
course of law. And he counsels us to expunge
our resolution for the purpose of acknowledging
and confirming the power of the President, with-
out judgeorjury,to takeaway the public deposits
from the Bank of the United States, which the
bank claimed by virtue of a contract, upon a
charge alleged by himself of criminal conduct in
the bank, which the Piesident himself declared
afforded just ground foi a judicial pioceeding
against it, to revoke its chaiter.
The expunging of the protestof theTory Lords
in 1690, was designed to vindicate the piinciples
of the glorious revolution of 1688, which finally
established and confirmed to the people of Eng-
i land the blessings of civil liberty—the security of
a government of laws, as distinguished from a.
government of will, and pursuing that end, the
, Whig Lords expunged a protest which impugned
the principles of the revplution, though the pro-
testéis had an undoubted right to enter their pro-
test. The Senate of the United States is now to
be condemned for refusing to receive, and insert
in its journal, a protest of the President against
its proceedings, who had no color of light to make
any such protest—and the justice of the Presi-
dent's protest is to be acknowledged, by expung-
ing from our journal the entry of the proceeding
against which he protested.
The House of Commons expunged its resolu-
tion in the case of the Middlesex election, and
thereby acknowledged the eligibility of all per-
sons, not under some known legal incapacity, to
a place in that House, and (what was infinitely
I more important) the right of the people to be
represented by the man of their own choice. Our
expungeis have never thought of expunging the
proceedings on the subject of the sedition law—
a statute which invaded the constitutional rights;
of the people, which, in the almost unanimous
opinion of the nation, unifoimly maintained for
thirty-five years, was plainly unconstitutional,
and which, therefore, had its beginning in wrong.
They only have íecourse to the process of ex-
punction in order to vindicate and confiim Exec-
ut.ve power.
I cannot, for my part, look at this contrast
without mortification and alarm. The Parliament
of England, professing monarchical principles,
have exercised the power of expunging obnoxious
proceedings, in order to establish principles in
their natuie truly republican. American Senators,
piofessing (sincerely, I do not doubt) democratic
republican piinciples, flushed with recent victory
over their opponents, are endeavoung to apply
this same process of expunction, in ordei to estab-
lish a power in the Executive which appears to
my anxious mind a monarchical preiogative. I
do not impute the design to them—I do not, I
cannot, suspect them of any such purpose. I am
speaking only of the tendency and effect of the
piinciples they aie maintaining.
[Here Mi. L gave way for a motion to ad-
journ.
Tuesday, April 5, 1836.
Mr. LEIGH íesumed the debate. He said the
principal purpose of tlieiemarkslie had addressed
