684
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expunging Resolution—Mr. Leigh.
Senate.
to the Senate yesterday, was to show that the
original manuscript journal of our proceedings
was the journal which the Constitution required
us to keep; that the requisition to keep the journal
imposed on us the duty to preserve it—to preserve
it permanently and carefully, without defacement
Or mutilation; that no authority for expunging
iny entry from our journal could be found in
English parliamentary precedents, or in those of
any legislative body in America, whose duty to
keep a journal was not imposed by a constitu-
tional provision; and that, consequently, the Sen-
ate could not expunge the resolution of March,
1834, from the journal, in the literal sense of ex-
punging, without a violation of the Constitution.
He had taken the more pains to establish this
conclusion on grounds of irrefragable reason, be-
cause, in his opinion, it involved the whole ques-
tion. It seemed to him, indeed, that the gentleman
from Missouri and his colleague both thought so,
too; for they had exerted their faculties to the
utmost to prove the right of the Senate to ex-
punge literally and absolutely, as an essential
ground of the argument for expunging, in the
typical manner proposed. And he supposed it
would be very hard for any man who sincerely
thought that the Constitution forbade us to ex-
punge literally, to reconcile it to reason or con-
science to expunge typically.
For, (said Mr. L.,) granting it to be true that
those who have a right to expunge and annihilate
any written instrument or evidence, may do any-
thing short of actual expunction and destruction,
which shall indicate the intent to expunge and ¡
destroy; those who have no right to expunge .
and annihilate the evidence of any particular
transaction, have no right to declare their will to
expunge and destroy it, in any form of words or
action whatever, and to substitute such manifesta-
tion of their will inplace of the act to which they
are incompetent. To illustrate this: A testator
has a right to cancel or destroy his own mil; and
if he run a single stroke of his pen across it, with
intent to cancel it, or write "canceled" in the
margin, without actually canceling it—or if he
tear it, with intent to destroy, without actually
destroying it, no doubt such an indication of his
purposes is proper enough, and may stand for the
act he might rightfully perform. But no one can
cancel or destroy his own deed; and, therefore, if
he happen to get it into his possession, he has
no right to avoid the guilt, and yet accomplish
the purpose of destroying it, by any manner of
defacement his ingenuity can devise. In sound
morality, men may make an indication of their
will stand for their act, if they have a right to do
the act; but if the act be criminal or vicious, even
the will to do it, without a single step towards
the accomplishment of it, is not blameless. In
the present case, sir, so entirely does the right to
expunge the resolution in question from the jour-
nal, in the emblematical manner proposed, depend
on the right to expunge it actually and literally,
that, if we shall adopt this notable device for
expunging it, this may, and will be regarded as
a precedent, in all future times, to justify an actual
obliteration, mutilation, erasure, or other destruc-
tion of the journal, as to any obnoxious pro-
ceeding.
There is another objection to this scheme of
typical expunction which weighs much on my
mind. I hold it the duty of every man to speak
the simple truth on every occasion, without men-
tal reservation or equivocation, and especially in
this the duty of men acting or speaking in public
stations, under the sanction of an official oath.
Now, what is it that is proposed to us? Why,
that we shall pass a resolution to expunge an
entry from our original manuscript journal, by
drawing black lines around it, and writing " ex-
punged by order of the Senate" across it; and,
in order to obviate a constitutional objection to
any defacement of our journal, this is explained
in argument to be no expunging at all because it
will leave the whole entry still perfectly legible;
and more, that it will not be an expunction of the
journal, for the original manuscript is not the
journal. I mean no offense to anybody; but I
must say that, to my heart and understanding,
this is exactly what is called an equivocation. I
have taken into my head, during the present ses-
«ion of Congress, to read Paschal'a Provincial
Letters, which I had not read* before for thirty
years; and whoever will take the trouble to look
at the ninth letter, will find this doctrine of equiv-
ocations, as laid down by Filutius and Sanchez,
and the convenient uses to which it is applicable,
fully explained.
But, sir, I presume it will not be affirmed by
any gentleman that it is within the competency
of the Senate, at this session, to exhaust the whole
power of the Senate, in all times to come, over
this or any other subject; and yet, the act which
we are urged to commit will, in reality, have the
effect of preventing the counteraction of any fu-
ture Senate. Suppose we were literally to ex-
punge the resolution of March, 1834, from the
journal, to blot it out; how shall the Senate, at a
future session, entertaining a different opinion of
the merits of the resolution, expunge the expunc-
tion ? How shall it blot out the blots ? Shall it
erase them, and reinstate the words of the reso-
lution? Then another obliteration, at a subse-
quent session, would effectually prevent the pos-
sibility of ever afterwards replacing them on the
journal, let the paper on which it is written be
never so substantial. Suppose the typical pro-
cess of expunging the entry shall be adopted and
carried into execution, a succeeding Senate, en-
tertaining different opinions, and following our
example as to the manner of manifesting and en-
forcing them, must draw black lines around our
black lines, and write a sentence of expunction
across our sentence of expunction; and, if the
party character of the Senate shall afterwards-
again undergo a change before the present party-
heats shall subside, the process may be reiterated:.
This would be farcical, to be sure; but public
bodies, acting under the influence of strong party
feelings, are often unmindful of their true dignity,
and sometimes, sacrificing it to the indulgence of
their resentments, incur the contempt and scorn
they would bring upon others. I wish from my
heart that the proceeding was only ludicrous. I
hope and trust most sincerely that the example
of this "avenging" process may never be fol-
lowed; but I am most serious when I tell gentle-
men that they are proposing to do what they have
not the moral or the legal power to do; they are
vainly attempting to anticipate and "prevent the
judgment and action of their successors in all
times to come, and to pass and execute final and
irrevocable sentence of condemnation on the Sen-
ate of 1833-34.
I cannot be so wanting in respect to the gentle-
men who have so gravely and so earnestly recom-
mended this typical expunging (which, they tell
us, is really no expunction) of our resolution of
March, 1834, from the original manuscript jour-
nal, (which, however, they say is not the journal
of the Senate,) as to suppose that they have taken
so much pains to accomplish an act which, in their
own opinion, will be in itself absolutely vain and
nugatory; and, therefore,! take it for granted that
they intend, in the proceeding they propose—
while they leave the verbal record of our resolu-
tion on the journal substantially unimpaired—to
annihilate its efficiency; and this, in truth, upon
the supposition that it is within our competency
so to expunge the resolution, must be the legal
effect of such an expunction. Now let it be re-
membered that the duty enjoined upon the Sen-
ate by the Constitution to keep a journal of its
proceedings, is equally applicable to all its pro-
ceedings, legislative, executive, and judicial; that
if we are not bound to make and preserve a jour-
nal, fair and unimpaired, of our legislative trans-
actions, so neither are we bound to keep the
journals of our executive or judicial proceedings;
that we have the same duty to perform, and have
as large discretionary powers, in respect of one
as of the others; that, if we may expunge any
one entry from the legislative journal, and there-
by invalidate the act it records, we may expunge
and invalidate any other; that, exactly in the
same manner and with the same effect that we
may expunge and invalidate an entry on our
legislative journal, we have a right to expunge
and annihilate the legal efficacy of any entry on
our executive or judicial journal. And then 1 ask
gentlemen to give their serious and calm consid-
eration to the consequences.
If the Senate may expunge, and by expunging,
in any form or manner, invalidate the resolution
in question, there- is no good reason why it may
not, in like manner, expunge and invalidate any
entry of any other of its proceedings in its legis-
lative capacity. Suppose, among the numerous
private acts passed at the session of 1833-34,
there was one granting land, money, orany other
property to an individual, which, in the opinion
of the Senate at the present session, was cor-
ruptly passed by the majority of the Senate at that
session, (as a reward, for example, for partisan
services,) and so had its beginning in wrong; or
suppose there was any act passed at that session
which the Senate at this shall deem unconstitu-
tional, and for that reason impugn as having
commenced in wrong, as gentlemen would have
us impugn the resolution of March, 1834, it is just
as much within the competency of the Senate now
to order all its proceedings manifesting its assent
to such acts to be expunged from the journal, as
it is to expunge this resolution. He that shall
hold such acts would cease to be valid as laws, in
consequence of the expunging from the journal of
the evidence of their having been passed by the
Senate, must admit the competency of the Senate
alone, by the application of this expunging pro-
cess, to invalidate, in effect, an' act of the whole
Legislature; and he that shall hold the laws valid,
notwithstanding the expunging of the proceed-
ings of the Senate upon them, must admit that
the act of expunging is a mere nullity; in other
words, that the Senate has no right to expunge.
Then, with respect to our executive journal,
(which it is not our course to publish sopromptly
as our legislative journal,) what would be the
condition of a person nominated by the Presi-
dent to an office, and the nomination confirmed
by the Senate, but the act of confirmation after-
wards expunged by order of the Senate ? Would
he be an officer or not? If not no man can feel
perfectly safe in exercising the functions of any
office depending on the appointment of the Presi-
dent, by and with the consent and advice of the
Senate; or the Senate may, without the concur-
rence of the President, remove the officer, ex-
punge him from office. If, on the contrary, in
spite of our expunging the confirmation of his
appointment from our journal, he would still be
entitled to his office, then our act of expunging
the entry of confirmation is unauthorized and
void. But the consequences are yet more glaring
and enormous when we come to consider the
possible application of this expunging process to
the journal of our judicial proceedings. A man
is impeached before the Senate of high crimes
and misdemeanors, tried and convicted, and sen-
tence of incapacitation for public office solemnly
pronounced upon him; the court is dissolved, the
Senate afterwards, becoming convinced of the
injustice of the judgment and sentence, order
the entry of them to be expunged from the jour-
nal. If the Senate is really competent to invali-
date the judgment by expunging it, his sentence
is, in effect, reversed, and his incapacity removed;
and, at any rate, if he shall be elected a member
of the Senate while the expunging Senate is in
power, he will be permitted to take his seat there.
But suppose the accused acquitted, and the Sen-
ate, at a future day, honestly imputing the ac-
quittal to partiality or corruption in the Senate
that tried his cause, should order the judgment
of acquittal to be expunged from the journal, and
then a new prosecution should be commenced
against him on the same charges, how could he
have the benefit of that inestimable principle of
justice so dear to the people of this land, that
no man shall be twice brought in jeopardy for
the some offense ? How could he plead his former
acquittal, and show the record of the fact? If
the judgment should have been literally expunged
from the journal, it would be impossible for him
to make good his defense. And if it should have
been typically expunged, and the record should
be produced, with black lines drawn around it,
(" black," as the gentleman from Missouri says,
" black as the injustice,") and with the "aveng-
ing" sentence of expunction written across it,
his doom, I apprehend, would be equally certain
if it should be his hard fate to be arraigned be-
fore the same Senate that had thus expunged the
former judgment of acquittal. Again I implore
gentlemen to forbear. I pray God to put it in
their hearts to pause, to reflect upon the conse-
