1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expunging Resolution—Mr. Leigh,
Senate.
quence involved in the principle they are main-
taining, and to spare our country the establish-
ment of a precedent that may be alleged hereafter
asan example and authority for wrongs like these.
But to all appeals, and all arguments, of this
kind, my colleague has one general, compendious,
all-sutfi<-ing answer, that it is not fair to argue,
from the possible abuses of a power, against the
existence of the power Did he not perceive that
that remark, as he applies it, would equally serve
as an answer to all objections to an assumption
of any power whatever, which should be dan-
gerous in itself, as well as unconstitutional: or,
does he think that an unconstitutional power is
less liable to abuse than a constitutional one>
Sir, the argument I am urging against the prop-
osition he has maintained is, that it involves other
principles plainly unconstitutional; and to show
the application of which it is susceptible to other
uses ofthe same kind, in order to expose the in-
herent vice of the proposition itself. I have not
been arguing from the abuses of this expunging
process, but from the uses which the principle,
if constitutional and just, would as well justify
as the use to which it is now proposed to apply
it, a"d no one, I should think,ought to be more
sensible than my honorable colleague, of the ex-
tent to which the authority of precedents may be
strained, for he has given us a notable example
of it himself, in the application he has made to
his present purpose, of the two instances of ex-
punging that have been found in the proceedings
of the Senate.
As to one of them, I have only to state it.
Mr Randolph having received information of the
death of Mr. Pinckney, announced it as a fact to
the Senate, and the Senate, to testify its respect
for the memory of a man who had once been so ,
distinguished a member of its own body, imme-
diately adjourned—expressing, of course, the I
reason of the adjournment, which was entered
by the Secretary on his minutes. It turned out,
however, that Mr. Pinckney was not yet dead;
and the next morning, when the journal was read
according to the rule, " to the end that any mis-
take might be corrected that had been made in
the entries," the Senate ordered the entry stating
the fact of Mr. Pinckney's death to be expunged
from thejournal. This was not, indeed, as my
colleague says, a correction of a mistake of the
Secretary in making the entry; but it was a cor-
rection of a mistake, in point of fact, into which
Mr. Randolph had fallen, and had misled the
Senate. Whether the correction was strictly
within the rule of the Senate as to correcting
mistaken entries in its journal, no one thought
of inquiring at the time, and I shall not now stop
to inquire: the correction was intended to be made
in conformity with that rule of the Senate for
mofan - up tlie journal, which the Constitution re-
quires the Senate to keep.
The other instance of expunging by the Senate
is hardly more important in itself, but it calls for
a more particular consideration. On the 21st
April, 1806, being the very last day ofthe session,
it appears, by the rough minutes taken at the
table, that Mr. Adams presented two petitions of
S.G.Ogden and W. S. Smith, and the first entry
on the minutes in respect to them is, " read and
to he;" then, "motions be rejected," then the
"words be rejected struck out with a pen, and
instead of them, " leave to withdraw" inserted.
After this, there is an entry more in detail—that
" Mr. Adams communicated two memorials from
S. G. Ogden and W. S. Smith, stating that they
are under a criminal prosecution for certain pro-
ceedings, into which they were led by the circum-
stance that their purpose was fully known to and
approved by the Executive Government of the
United States," (the prosecution, we know, was
for the part the memorialists had taken in Mina's
expedition,) complaining of such maltreatment
by the district judge ofthe United States at New
York that the grand jury had made a presentment
against the judge for it, and praying relief from
Congress; and then the entry is, " on motion,
ordered, that the memorialists have leave to with-
draw their memorials respectively." Finally,
the last minute of the proceedings of this last day
of the session was, " on motion that everything
in the journal relative to the memorials of S. G,
Ogden and W. S. South be expunged therefrom,
it passed in the affirmative, by yeas and nays—
13 to 6.* The adjourning order follows immedi-
ately. It has been said that all the Republicans
voted for and the Federalists against the motion—
how that is, I do not know. Now, the first
remark that occurs is, that this is manifestly an
expunction from the minutes, not from the journal,
an order that, in making up the journal, those
entries on the minutes should not be inserted.
The next consideration is, that the reasons of
the expunging nowise appear; they are not stated
in the proceeding itself, and, I understand, no
notice of the transaction is to be found in the
newspapers of the day. For aught that appears,
the previous entries might have been expunged,
because they did not truly state the fact when
they represented that the memorials had been
received, and leave given to withdraw them; and
I have no doubt those entries did not truly state
the real opinion of the Senate on the subject at
the time the memorials were first presented. We
all know how such things are done, especially
during the hurry of a last day's session. The
gentleman from Missouri thinks that the reason
of expunging the entries concerning those memo-
rials was, that they contained disrespectful im-
putations upon the Chief Magistrate and a judicial
officer, in which his conjecture maybe right, and
I think it probable enough that it is. But, thirdly,
the least attention to the circumstances of the
transaction will suffice to convince every mind
that hardly any thought was bestowed upon the
expunging, as very little could have been given
to the proceeding ordered to be expunged; that
both probably passed svb sdentio; that the con-
stitutional question as to the right of the Senate
to expunge any proceeding from its journal was
not suggested, much more discussed. And is
such a precedent of expunging as this—an ex-
punction from the minutes of the Secretary, not
from the journal made up by the Senate to be kept—
founded on what reasons no one knows, and
none ever inquired, done in haste, and amidst the
confusion of the last moments of an expiring
session—ordered without discussion, and prob-
ably without a question made as to the constitu-
tional propriety of the proceeding, so passed as
to attract no attention, to elicit no investigation—
is such a precedent to be gravely, much more
triumphantly, quoted as an authority in this
debate '
But suppose that vote of April, 1806, was (what
it certainly was not) a deliberate expression of the
opinion of the Senate on the very point, that the
Senate may constitutionally exercise a discretion
to expunge from its journal, at any time, the entry
of any proceeding which it disapproves as irreg-
ular and unjust; it would only add another in-
stance to the thousands with which all history
abounds, ofthe truth ofthe common observation,
that it is during the administration of the most
popular Chief Magistrates that precedents dan-
gerous to liberty are most to be apprehended,
most to be deprecated, and most carefully to be
avoided; not on account of any design on their
part, or of vicious design in any quarter, but
simply because confidence in them not only serves
to give authority to their example, but disarms
the public mind of that wholesome jealousy, that
constant vigilance, which (as Mr. Jefferson has
himself justly said) is the eternal price that men
must pay for liberty. To do Mr Jefferson jus-
tice, it must be remarked that there is not the
least reason to believe that he approved, or even
knew, of that expunging order of the Senate in
April, 1806, much more counseled or wished it.
Whether the present Chief Magistrate has taken
any pains, or expressed any wish for the accom-
plishment of the expunction now proposed, I do
not know; though I could give a shrewd guess.
There was another precedent during Mr. Jeffer-
son's administration, which I shall mention, to
illustrate the wonderful power and influence of
precedents in human affairs. In December, 1787,
Mr. Jefferson wrote a letter to Mr. Madison on
the subject of the present Constitution of the
* Mr Leigh forgot to ask what those gentlemen would
think of the authority of this precedent, who maintained
the opinion that the Senate had no constitutional right to
refuse to receive the memorials of the Abolitionists, or any
other petition not disrespectful to the Senate or some mem-
ber of it, or any petition, no matter what us character.
United States, then recently framed, but not yet
adopted, in which one of his chief objections to
that instrument was the omission of a bill of
rights, providing (among other things) for "jury
trial," and " the eternal and unremitting force of
the habeas corpus laws;" and he repeated the ob-
jection in letters to another correspondent after-
wards. He was not then content with the provis-
ion of the Constitution (art. I, sec. 9) that "the
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be
suspended," (thatis, even by Congress,) "unless
when, in cases of rebellion or invasion, the pubho
safety may require it-'—he thought there ought
to be " no suspension ofthe habeas corpus." For
my part, I am content with the security provided
by the Constitution, if it shall be fairly observed.
Now, in the winter of 1806-07, General Wilkinson
made a military arrest of three persons in New
Orleans—Swartwout, Bol man, and Alexander,
and sent them to Washington; and it was not till
they got here that they were discharged on a
habeas corpus by the Supreme Court. They belonged
not to the Army, they were nowise amenable to
martial law. As to the two first, there was reason
to believe that they were implicated with Colonel
Burr in his projects, whatever they were; for to
this day the public is not informed what they were.
But against Alexander no evidence of guilt, no
ground of suspicion, that I remember, ever ap-
fieared; no colorable pretext was stated to the pub-
ic for his arrest. Did Mr. Jefferson censure these
illegal arrests, made by an officer subject to his ab-
solute control? Did he disapprove this violation
ofthe personal security ofthe citizen, by military
power' Did he call the General to any account'
Did he order an inquiry> I only know that the
President ofthe United States gave the General his
countenance, approbation, and support; and the
confidence of the public in the President's pru-
dence and justice, and their detestation of the
guilty schemes imputed to Colonel Burr, had the
effect of exempting General Wilkinson from
blame. And in September, 1810, Mr. Jefferson
wrote a letter to a Mr. Colvm, in which he deliber-
ately justified General Wilkinson's conduct, upon
the ground of the necessity of the case, which, as
he states it, was the oddest case of necessity that
ever was imagined, the letter has been published
by his grandson. The fact of entertaining such
an opinion was generally known, or at least re-
ported at the time. The necessity of the case
might (for aught that I know) have afforded an
| excuse foi General Wilkinson's conduct—might
have entitled him to pardon and indemnity; but
it could not have afforded him any justification;
i and I say, before high Heaven, that if all the
great and good men of the Revolution had signed
i that letter with Mr. Jefferson, I would still lift up
my voice to protest against the dangerous uncon-
stitutional doctrines it inculcates. There, then,
was a precedent of military arrest, set even dur-
I mg Mr. Jefferson'sad ministration, without being
■ seriously questioned, and without exciting any
f jealousy or alarm in the public mind.
j Some few years afterwards, General Jackson,
charged with the defense of New Orleans against
| an invading army, improved upon the precedent;
I abrogated the privilege of the writ of habeas cor-
] pus for a time, proclaimed martial law, and turned
the State Legislature out of doors. His conduct,
too, may have been prudent and founded in laud-
able motives; he, too, might have been entitled
to complete indemnity; but he violated the Con-
stitution of his country—he suspended, for the
time and place, the sacred principles of civil
liberty. The glory of the victory of New Orleans
justified all; and great glory there was, and great
good accomplished for his country, I willingly
acknowledge—though (by the way) in my opin-
ion, his fame as a general rests more on his
spirited and judicious attack upon the enemy on
the 23d December, than en his crowning victory
of the 8th January. Allow him the fullest meed
of praise, still, the sense of that brilliant and
most important public service, the gratitude it
deserved, the admiration it excited, the glory it
achieved for the general and the nation, ought
not to have stifled our love and care for the Con-
stitution. He was entitled to honor and grati-
tude for the good he did, and to indemnity for
any wrong he committed through necessity, and
with virtuous motives; and that was the most.
