636
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 5,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Expunging Resolution—Mr. Leigh.
Senate.
H; knows nothin? of the principles of the Con-
stitution, and nothiny of the influence of danger-
ous precedents, who is willin? that that conduct
of General Jackson should be represented as jus-
tifiable. Purin? the second administration of
Lord Chatham, a proclamation was issued, under
an apprehension of scarcity, prohibiting the ex-
portation of com, and thus suspending the statute
law of the land; and he and Lord Camden, too,
insisted ihat the proclamation was strictly justi-
fiable. They supposed a necessity, (of which
the King was to judge,) and, founded on that
necessity, Attributed to the Crown a legal power
to suspend the operation of a statute, not given
by the statute itself; and they even opposed an
indemnifying bill. They incurred the reproaches
of their warmest friends and admirers for holding
such language—the only language, perhaps, that
ever felt from the lips of either, which offended
against the eencral principles of civil liberty.
Junius told Lord Camden that an Englishman
"should not suffer dangerous precedents to be
established because the circumstances are favor-
able or palliating; that, instead of asserting that
the proclamation was legal, he should have said:
«I know the proclamation was illegal; but I ad-
vised it because it was indispensably necessary
to save the kingdom from famine; and I submit
myself to the justice and mercy of my country.' "
And, sir, that is the true doctrine.
But General Jackson succeeded in establishing '
a second precedent in our history, of an unques-
tioned violation of the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus.    And afterwards, again, in time of
profound peace, at Pensacola, he established a
third precedent of the same Wind; and this again
passed unquestioned; indeed, it was defended and
justified, on the ground that the constitutional
privilege of the writ of habeas corpus did not ex-
tend to the Territories of the United States.    He
has been since twice elected to the high office of
Chief Magistrate to this great and free eountry,
and if his admirers had been content with saying
that the people have elected him because, in their
estimate, his merits and services far outweigh his
faults and errors, though I never have concurred,
and never can concur, in that opinion, I should
not have adverted to the disagreeable topics I have
now mentioned-, but we are constantly told that '
the people have approved, justified, sanctioned t
all his conduct.    Since he has been in the admin-
istration of affairs, precedents favorable to the
extension of executive power, to a degree that I
had never imagined the possibility of, have been
multiplied, and are multiplying.    I look to the
consequences with terror.    God grant I may be
mistaken in my impressions of the past, and my
forebodings of the future; but I must declare my
opinion, that never did any Republic make such
rapid strides towards pure monarchy as we have
done within these few years past.   Saying this,
let me be understood: I impute no such designs
to anybody, much less do I impute any inclina-
tion for monarchy to the great body of the people.
I believe no republican people ever knowingly,
and of purpose, gave up the blessings of free gov-
ernment-, but in the heat of violent political con-
tentions, the official agents of the people, and the
people themselves, have but too often unwarily
concurred in introducing and sanctioning prin-
ciples of administration which, once put into
operation, work with uncontrollable effect, be-
side and beyond the original purpose and design,
and, in the end, endanger the very being of the
Republic.   And this, in my opinion, is what we
have been and aire now doing.   The verjr confi-
dence we have in ourselves and in our institu-
tions, as it stifles in the public mind that jealousy,
vigilance, and care, s*>" essential to security, is a
principal source of our danger.                               !
Well was it said the other day by'the gentle*
man from Sooth Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] that
precedents apparently trivial are often of the ut-
most importatfee/because they may be applied,
stretched, or perverted to cases never apprehended
or foreseen; and that precedents affecting consti-
tutional questions are rarely resorted to as author-
ity for the exercise of any but doubtful powers,'
for the plain reason that the authority Of prece-
dents is never necessary unless the power they
are wanted to sustain is doubtful. Witness the
use now made of the two precedents of expung-
ing found in the proceedings of the Senate. Sir,
we shall find it an eternal truth that there is no
other course to be taken in a settled state than a
steady, constant resolution never to give way so
far as to make the least breach in the Constitu-
tion, through which a million of abuses and en-
croachments will certainly in time force their way.
I quote the words of Swift, a monarchist and a
Tory, to be sure, yet they are the words of polit-
ical prudence and wisdom; they embody the les-
sons and the warnings of experience, which the
Republicans of this country will do well to hearken
to and remember.
And now, sir, I think myself well warranted in
saying that the expunging of the resolution of
the Senate of the 28th of March, 1834, from the
journal, literally or figuratively, is wholly irrec-
oncilable with the Constitution upon any fair
construction of its words; and that no authority
for such expunclion can be found in any prece-
dent whatever at all applicable to the purpose, or
entitled to the least Weight. I think myself war-
ranted in saying, too, that if the Senate shall
adoptthis proposition,and carry it intoexecution,
it will set a precedent fraught with the most dan-
gerous and pernicious consequences. But there
was one position taken by the gentleman from
Missouri, (which, indeed, I consider as the main
ground of his argument,) so important in itself,
that I have reserved it for a separate considera-
tion.
I understand the gentleman to insist that it will
not suffice to re verse, repeal, rescind, annul, make
void, the resolution of March, 1834, because" all
these admit either a legal or an innocent begin-
ning;"andthatexpunction is the proper remedy,
because " that implies an original wrongful pro-
ceeding, whicih infers misconduct as well as error,
and requires rebuke aSWell as reversal." And his
leading argument to prove that the resolution began
in wrong is, that the Senate had no right to enter-
tain and act upon such a resolution; that it was
an act of a judicial nature, not belonging to us in
our legislative capacity at all, and incompatible
with our judicial functions and duties; that the
resolution is an impeachment of the President of
a high crime or misdemeanor, which the House
of Representatives alone has the power to prefer;
that we impeached the President, tried him with-
out a hearing, prejudicated his cause, convicted
him, and only abstained from passing sentence
of incapacitation upon him. This argument was
first suggested to my mind by a gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Wright,] in a speech in the
debate on the resolution, and I then weighed it
well. It was repeated in the President's protest
against our proceedings, and the debate which
ensued. I reexamined it; I expected to hear it
reiterated on this occasion; but, if it be well con-
sidered, I am persuaded it will never be repeated
again.
The resolution declares " that the President, in
the late executive proceedings in relation to the
revenue, had assumed upon himself authority and
power not conferred by the Constitution and laws,
but in derogation of both." The words Cannot
be tortared into an allegation that the President
willfully assumed and exercised illegal and uncon-
stitutional power; no Criminal intent is charged ,
expressly or by implication; the language is (and
was, in fact, intended to be) carefully confined to
the acts of the President, without impugning or
touching his motives at all. If this is not plain
upon the face of the resolution itself, nd argument
can make it plainer.
The gentleman from Missouri, as if Sensible
that the resolution itself imported no criminal
charge, has, in the preamble to the resolution he
has now offered us, recited the resolution which
wa  first proposed concerning the removal of the
pttblicdepósits from the Bank of the United States
as" a key, I suppose, to unlock the meaning of the
resolution that was adopted; and, in hia speech,
he has referred to speeche  made in the debate
on the subject, in order to ascertain from them
that crirainal motives and design Were intended
to be imputed to the President. Sir, to my mind,
the first resolution proposed; concerning the re-
moval of the deposits, does not vary, in this par-
ticular, from the resolution thatwasfinsdly adopted;
there is no charge of criminaj intent} no imputa-
tion ^jn-the President's (natives, in the first any
more than in the last.  But suppose there were__
with* what color of reason or justice can the gen-
tleman from Missouri, in order to ascertain the
meaning of the language which the Senate used,
have recourse to language which it did not use?
resort to a resolution which the Senate did not
adopt, to find a reason for reprobation of that
which it did adopt? As to the speeches that were
made on this floor, which,in the gentleman's ap-
prehension, distinctly imputed willful guilt to the
President, I cannot take upon me to contradict
him, for I was not then here, and did not hear
them; the debate was drawing to a close when I
took my seat in the Senate. I can only say that
I read no reported speech containing any violent
denunciations of guilt and crime, at all answering
the description he has given. But here, again, I
nsk, what right has he thus to take the sentiments
of particular members expressed in debate, as a
certain exponent of the sentiments of every other
Senator who, in the result, votes with him? Does
he suppose that every gentleman who votes with
him, on any question which he debates, enters
into all the feelings, motives, and sentiments,
adopts all arguments that influence his judgment
and conduct, and makes them his own ?
But I recall the attention of the Senate to this
singular method of detecting offense in the reso-
lution of March, 1834, chiefly for the purpose of
showing the manner in which it affects the free-
dom of speech in this body, and the reverential
awe with which it supposes we ought to examine
the official acts of the President. AH proper de-
corum and respect ought to be preserved towards
him, I agree, for his sake, for our sake, out of
respect to the public, out of a just sense of the
dignity of the Government; but shall those strong
(if you please, too strong) expressions of disap-
probation or censure, which fall from gentlemen
in the ardor of extemporary debate, which, per-
haps, in cooler moments, they would have left
unsaid—shall these be treasured up in memory,
and urged as a censure, not only against them,
but all that vote with them upon the question in
debate ? What is this sanctity in the office of
President of the United States, which all men
should have forever before their eyes, present in
their thoughts, inviolable in their speech? No
such sanctity hedges the impeachable ministers
of the British Government. Lord Chatham once
said, in the House of Lords, that the Minister
(the Prime Minister) had advised the King to
tell a deliberate falsehood. The gentleman from
Missouri says, " we have borrowed largely from
our English ancestors," and, because we have
so borrowed, results the precious and proud grat-
ification that our America now ranks among the
great and liberal Powers of the world; and he
traces our dearest institutions to English origin.
I hope we have not forgot to borrow from them
freedom of parliamentary debate. That high en-
comium which the gentleman pronounced upon
our English ancestors is just and true, and, there-
fore, I was pleased to hear it fall from his lips;
but if it had come from me, it would have been
regarded as a proof of my aristocracy, for it has
often been imputed as aristocracy in me, that
I make frequent reference to English history,
(which, in truth, I have read more of than any
other, but only because it has been more acces-
sible to me,) that I have studied the history of
the English Government and laws, and imagine
that instruction may be found in them applicable
to our own. I am content to bear the im putation.
If the fact, without any criminal intent, consti-
tutes guilt, I must be convicted; I Tcnow no
method of acquiring a thorough knowledge of
our own institutions but by cultivating a knowl-
edge of English institutions.
In -all impeachments that I have ever seen, the
faefs-of misconduct are specifically alleged, and
some criminal intent, more or less heinous, ex-
pressly imputed to the accused. We have seen
that in the articles of impeachment against Sir
Robert Berkley, for his extra-judicial opinions,
and his concurrence in the judgment against Mr.
Hampden, in the case of ship-money, the opin-
ions and the judgment are set out at large; the
fact that they gave them, and the gross illegality
of them, are distinctly alleged; and then it is
charged that all those "Words, opinions, and
actions were so done and spoken by the said Sir
