1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
24th Cong,... 1st Sess.
Robert Berkley, traitorously and wickedly, to I;
alienate the hearts of his Majesty's liege people
from him, and to set a division betwixt them, and
to subvert the fundamental laws and established
Government of his Majesty's realm of England."
And whoever will search the numerous precedents
of articles of impeachment in England, I will
answer for it that he will find this precedent sub-
stantially complied with, in charging the facts
and laying tlv■criminal intent. The gentleman
from Missouri says that no criminal intent is
charged in three of the articles of impeachment
against Judge Chase, and (as I understand him)
in one of the articles against Judge Pickering.
The gentleman is certainly mistaken. The crim-
inal intent is distinctly charged in all of the eight
articles against Judge Chase, except one; that,
namely, in which it is alleged that, in Calender's
case, he did not conform with a statute of Virginia
regulating the process in prosecutions of misde-
meanor. That article alleges the departure from
thela\v,butomits to allege that he did so willfully,
or even that he was awrtre of the provisions of
the statute; and upon that charge he was, of
course, unanimously acquitted. The article of
impeachment against Judge Pickering, in which
the gentleman supposes no criminal intent was
laid, imputes to the judge the grossest intemper-
ance and indecency in the judgment seat; nor
could the criminality of such conduct (than which
hardly any official misconduct could be more
clearly criminal, however it might be more hein-
ous) have been more strongly and expressly
charged. He was convicted upon this charge.
The gentleman says that, in fact, the Judge was
insane, and was incapable of crime. How the
gentleman got his information I do not know; he
certainly did not get it from the record. [Here
Mr. L. referred to the record of the impeach-
ments and trials of Judge Pickering and Judge
Chase, in the journals of the Senate, and showed
the exact state of the facts.]
The resolution of the 28th March, 1834, de-
clares that the President's conduct in relation to
the revenue was illegal and unconstitutional, with-
out more. Gentlemen say that the fact alleged
implies crime; that it implies a violation of his
official oath "to preserve, protect, and defend
the Constitution of the United States." Now,
in the first place, let us advert once more to the
proceedings in the ship-money case, which my
colleague has quoted with so much approbation,
where the House of Lords declared the extra-
judicial opinions of the judges, and the judgment
against Mr. Hampden, illegal and unconstitu-
tional in the strongest terms, without imagining
that that declaration was a prejudication of the
impeachment against one of the judges then pend-
ing, which the Lords, as the high court of im-
peachment, were to try; in other words, that it !
did not occur to them that the fact of extra-judi-
cial illegal conduct implied crime. In the next
place, let me ask gentlemen whether they sup-
pose that, in maintaining that this expunging pro-
cess they are so intent upon is unconstitutional,
in declaring my opinion (as I do most conscien-!
tiously) that it is a plain violation of the Consti- j
tution,I mean to charge them with a willful viola- ]
tion of the Constitution and of their official oaths ?
I know mankind too well. It has been said that,
if men's passions could be made to enter into the '
question, they would differ and dispute upon the |
plainest proposition in Euclid; and there is no i
passion so apt and so potential to influence and
determine the judgments of public men as party
spirit. Gentlemen in both Houses of Congress
are daily alleging that measures strenuously main-
tained by others are unconstitutional, plainly un-
constitutional; yet no one ever thinks of giving
or taking offense, which surely all would do if
they thought that to allege unconstitutional con-
duct is to charge willful guilt. The President has
often put his veto on acts passed by both Houses
of Congress, on the ground that he thought them
unconstitutional. I can hardly believe that he
meant to charge the majority of both Houses with
an intentional violation of the Constitution and
breach of their official oaths. I have heard the
judgments of the Supreme Court publicly im-
pugned as being contrary to the Constitution. I
nave heard Chief Justice Marshall's opinions so
impugned by men who entertained the highest
Expunging Resolution—Mr. Leigh.
respect for his abilities and integrity, and would
have considered it a reproach to themselves if
they had been gravely told that they had imputed
to the court a willful departure from right, truth,
and justice. Sir, there is but one hypothesis upon
which the allegation made in the resolution of
March, 1834, that the President's conduct was
illegal and unconstitutional, can imply crime, and
that is, that his judgment is infallible, and that
it is morally impossible for him to do an illegal
and unconstitutional act through error of judg-
ment. That is very far from my opinion. There
is no man whose judgment I should esteem infal-
lible on such a subject; and the President is one
of the last men to whom I should attribute any
such infallibility. And though I believed at the
time I gave my vote on the resolution of March,
1834, that the conduct of the President therein
referred to was illegal and unconstitutional, and
though that is still, and probably will always
continue to be, my firm, undouluing opinion, I
have no hesitation in saying that if the President
had been regularly impeached for that conduct,
and I had been called upon to decide his cause as
one of his judges, upon all the evidence then (or
indeed yet) known to me touching the motives
of his conduct, my voice must have been for his
acquittal. I could not have found the willful ¡
criminal intent essential to constitute guilt.            i
The gentleman from Missouri loudly repro-
bates the resolution in question, on the ground
that its allegations are vague and indefinite; not
perceiving that that very circumstance furnishes   |
the strongest proof that a criminal accusation was
not made or intended.    The idea of impeaching
the President of crime or misdemeanor never en-   i
tered into the thoughts of any Senator who voted
for the resolution; and there was not a human j
being, I am quite sure, who so much as imagined I
the possibility of an act of impeachment by the !
House of Representatives; the case of such im- j
peachment was only supposed in argument, never
apprehended in fact.
It is said that the resolution of March, 1834,
cannot be regarded as a proceeding in our legis-
lative capacity; and in proof of this, it has been
observed that no legislative measure was founded
upon it, and that none was intended.    This ap-
pears to my mind the most gratuitous assump-
tion that ever was made.    It was the opinion of
the mover in those proceedings that the public
deposits, at least of the revenue which should
afterwards accrue, ought to be restored to the
Bank of the United States; and it was proper to
ascertain the sense of the Senate on the question,
whether (for the reasons assigned by the Execu-
tive) they had been constitutionally and legally
withdrawn or not; for, if the Senate had held the
affirmative on that point, it would have been vain I
and idle to prepare and bring in a bill for the ¡
purpose.    The course   pursued is usual in all !
legislative  bodies.    As it was, I have not the ;
least doubt that the known state of opinion in the j
House of Representatives upon the subject alone '.
prevented the Senate from passing a bill for the j
restoration of the deposits.   The Senate did take i
measures, some time after, to ascertain the sense
of the House.    On the 4th June, 1834, it passed |
a joint resolution directing the deposit of the
public money to be made with the Bank of the ,
United States and its branches. The House never j
acted upon it.                                                             j
But let us examine more closely the reason and
foundation of this opinion that the Senate cannot,
in its legislative capacity, discuss and determine ¡
upon the constitutionality or legality of any act '
of the President, and let us see, too, the extent j
of the principle.    It is supposed that the judicial j
power vested in the Senate, as the court for the |
trial of impeachments, operates as a limitation j
upon the action of the Senate in its legislative ca- i
i pacity; that the Senate cannot, in its legislative
¡ capacity, express any opinion impugning the con-
| stitutionality or legality of any official act of the |
I   President, because it may be called upon to de-
h cide the same question judicially, upon an im-
l| peachment against him for the same act.   Now,
¡ i it is obvious that, if the Senate is for this reason i
I  incompetent to pass any resolution impugning the |
I [ conduct of the President as unconstitutional, nei-
I ther is it competent to pass a resolution approv-
II  ing his conduct as constitutional and proper; for
Senate.
it can be no more within the competency of the
Senate to prejudge the President's cause and ac-
quit him, than to prejudge and condemn. Par-
tiality in judges towards the accused is as vicious
as prejudice against him. Nay, more; it is the
duty of every Senator to avoid the forming and
expression of an opinion upon the constitution-
ality of the President's conduct; to close his mind
against all information on the subject; to hold his
judgment in suspense. Nor is this all; the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives are made by
theConstitution coordinate branchesof the Legis-
lature, and their legislative powers are co-equal,
too, with the single exception that money-bills
can only be originated in the House: and then a
distinct judicial function is assigned to each. The
House is the grand inquest of the nation to accuse
and impeach; the Senate is the court to try and
determine. And as to all matters of criminal ac-
cusation and impeachment, the action of the
House is just as much judicial in its nature as the
action of the Senate; the only difference is, that
their judicial functions are different. If the Sen-
ate, in its legislative capacity, is incompetent to
examine the constitutionality of the President's
conduct, and express its opinion upon it, the
House also, in its legislative capacity, is incom-
petent to do so.
If, therefore, the President shall, upon any
occasion, adopt any measure questionable on con-
stitutional grounds, no matter how mischievous
the measure may be in its operation—no matter
how urgent the necessity for prompt and decisive
legislative action, to correct the procedure and
arrest the progress of the evil—neither branch of
the Legislature can examine, or even inquire into
the subject, in its legislative character, much
more pass an act to remedy the mischief. The
House of Representatives must first resolve itself
into a grand inquest, examine the President's
conduct in that character, impeach him, if it find
just cause forimpeachment; prosecute him before
the Senate, and prosecute him to conviction by
the judgment of two thirds of the Senators sitting
on the trial; and then, and not till then, the two
Houses may set about devising measures to
counteract the unconstitutional and illegal meas-
ures of the Executive. And, furthermore, as the
Senate cannot convict the President, without
being satisfied in its conscientious judgment that
his unconstitutional proceedings are justly imput-
able to criminal motives and designs, no uncon-
stitutional acts of the President can be corrected
by any legislative measures of Congress, if the
President's violation of the Constitution and laws
shall appear to be justly imputable to an innocent
error of judgment as to the extent of his own
powers—an error into which (of all others that
can be conceived) men in power are most apt to
fall. Meanwhile, the measures of the Executive
continue in operation, and perhaps work their
full effect, unchecked, unembarrassed, by any
manner or counteraction which the Legislature
can constitutionally devise and provide. Sir, if
this doctrine that the Senate, and, by parity of
reasoning, the House of Representatives also,
are incompetent, in their legislative capacity, to
examine and determine upon the constitutionality
or legality of Executive acts, shall be established,
then I say that the Executive is, really and truly,
the Government, and the whole Government;
that the President is, in every practical view,
absolutely irresponsible; that he is a more abso-
lute potentate than any prince, king, or emperor,
in Europe, except, perhaps, the Autocrat of all
the Russias, and the Grand Seignior of Turkey.
And this process of expunction of our resolution
of March, 1834, is to be resorted to on the sup-
position that this doctrine is just and true, and
to establish it as a constitutional principle of this
Federal Republican Government!
During the same session of 1833-34, at which
the resolution concerning the President's conduct
in relation to the revenue was adopted, there was
an inquiry into the state of the Post Office De-
partment, and the administration of its affairs
by the then Postmaster General, Mr. Barry; and
that proceeding of the Senate resulted in the fol-
lowing resolution, passed on the 27th of June,
1834:
" That it is proved and admitted that large sums of money
have been borrowed at different banks by the Postmaster
