1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
24th Cong....1st Skss.
National Defense—Mr. Southard.
Senate.
and prosperity of the country; for the cml and I
diplomatic list; the Army, the Ñavy, the fortifica-
tions for each and ever} object of which it is the
duty ot Concris* to provide. Does the resolu-
tion, then, mean to declire that, after Congiess
shall lwe granted white ver is ncctitary foi toi s,
Airav- Nivv, &c , &.c , so mxich of the remmndei
asisiuct ssii v f«i th >se same objects shall be pledged
to them } Thty are fiist to receive all the suppoit
which is necessary foi them, in the opinion of
Congress, and, aftei that, to receive is much mote
ni \li\ll be necessaiy for them Who i^ to judge
what moieis necessary after Congress has applied
whit they deem necessaiy' The rtsolution has
something of the aspect of the fortification bill
of last year. Congress applied by it what was
necessary for them, beyond the estimate of the
Executive, and then the bill gave three millions
wtoie, if 'ha' same Executive should think it
necessary.
The mover of the resolution has informed the
Senate that it is modeled " on purpose," after the
resolution devoting the revenue to the national
debt. But the want of parallel between the cases
is quite apparent. The national debt was not an
objectof ordinary appropriation, as are the fortifi-
cations, the Navy, and other matters enumeiated
in this resolution. They were then as they are
now, the fit subjects for appropriations, and after
they were provided for, the surplus was with
great propriety devoted to the extinction of that
debt, but if appropriations such as Congress
deemed necessary for that debt had been made, it
would have seemed strange to those who passed
that resolution to have declared that so much
more of the surplus as was necessary should be
pledged for its payment. That debt is no longer
a burden to the nation, and the credit of our re-
lief from it is due to those who wisely devised
and put in operation the plan for its extinction;
not to those who happened to be in power when
the last payments were made, and who, with so
much self-complacency and imposition upon the
public, have claimed the whole merit. They have
one merit only—that of not having actually vio-
lated the law which commanded them to make
the payments; and this is no ordinary merit, I
admit, in times like these.
But if I understood the Senator aright, he de-
clared that he had "on purpose" presented this
resolution as a mode of resisting the plans pro-
posed by the Senators from Kentucky and South
Carolina. The proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky would direct a distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands among the States, and is
founded upon the idea that these proceeds belong
of ngh t to the States, and that they are the proper
authorities to select the objects on which they
shall be expended. That of the Senator from
South Carolina proposes that all the surplus reve-
nue, after the oidinary calls of the Government
have been satisfied, shall be divided in the same
mode. These are, at least, practicable schemes
of public usefulness, and I am not willing that
theirconsideration should be put aside by one like
that contained in the present íesolution. They
ought at least to be fairly met, fully discussed, and
decided on their merits; not defeated by proposi-
tions which, with high pretensions, can lead to no
useful end, much less by a plan which leaves the
whole surplus revenue to be expended by agents
of the Federal Executive, with all its instruments
of corruption and extravagance.
But, Mr. President, the argument by which the
resolution was sustained is calculated to attract
more attention, and deserves to be examined. It
seemed to me to consist, principally, in these
propositions:
1.   We shall probably have war with France;
2.  The nation is without defense, and unpre-
pared for war; and
3.  The Senate is to blame for this condition of
the country.
Tris is the chain of argument by which we are
to be led to the conclusion that so much of the
surplus revenue as may be necessary for the pur-
pose ought to be set apart and applied to the gen-
eral dpfense and permanent secuuty of the Union.
Let us look at it. •
We shall soon have war. It may be so. But
I am not disposed now to speculate on its proba-
bilities, or argue respecting US causes.   When
No. 44
the question shall be fairly presented to our con-
sideiation,itshall meet from me the anxiousdehb-
eration which its nature demands
For the present I confess my inability to foim
an opinion whether we shall or shall not have
war with Fiance. The rapid changes in our
positions, the strange involutions of diplomacy
which have been exhibited, put ordinary calcula-
tion at defiance; ard no one can reach a safe con-
clusion upon the subject who is not admitted to
a knowledge of the secret designs of the Execu-
tives of the two countries.
It may be that two great and poweiful nations,
boasting of then civilization, in this age of
Christian light, are about to commence a san-
guinary and destiuctive warfare, and squander
their blood and treasure about a debt of $5,000,000
—a warfare which, in a single yeai, will cost to
each nation ten times the amount of the sum in
dispute, and blood for which no money can pay.
It may be that ancient alliances and fuendships
are to be broken up and forgotten, and substi-
tuted by the bitterness of hatred, and the malig-
nity of revenge; that the peace of the civilized
world is to be destroyed, and the progress of fiee
pnnciplesjeoparded, by a conflict between nations
who profess most regard for those principles. It
may be, too, that our own institutions approach
an extraordinary trial. When our Constitution
was formed, one great object of its founuers was,
to remove the power of producing and declaring
war, as far as possible, from the action of one
man—the chief Executive Magistrate They
knew, for they had felt, the sufferings, distress,
and crimes it produces. They had seen, too, in
the history of other nations, how often it had
resulted from the ignorance, the folly, and the
ambition of princes and rulers, and they resolved
to guard themselves and their descendants from
such an evil Hence the provision of the Con-
stitution, " Congress shall have power to declare
war.
But it may yet appear that their caution was
vain; that the people and Congress may be driven
to it against their inteiests and judgments, and
that the Executive has still the capacity, by the
language which he uses, and the mode in which
he conductsnegotiations,toplaceusin conditions
in which we have no alternative, and in which
the best friends of peace may be compelled to
yield themselves to sustain the honor and the
interests of the country against the arms and the
assaults of a foreign nation. We may have war;
but if we do, there will be tremendous guilt some-
where. It can have resulted only from the folly
or the crimes of those who have conducted the
negotiations on the one side or the other, or on
both. There is nothing in the cause of dispute
which ought to have led to such a termination.
I fear that we shall be compelled to trace it to the
boastful vanity of one man, the petulance of a
second, and the fitful violence of a third; and
these met by ill-disciplined national pride, and
mistaken notions of national honor. If it do
come, it will be no common struggle, and produce
no ordinary results. We all know what our own
countrymen can and will do when the scabbard
shall be thrown away; and we cannot be ignorant
of the capacities of modern France, regenerated
as she has been by the controlling genius of the
last age, and possessing, as she does, a navy,
inferior in science and discipline to none which
has existed in any age of the world; superior in
numbers and power to all but one whose flag is
now upon the ocean. For such a struggle there
ought to be adequate cause and full preparation.
Are we prepared > The Senator from Missouri
infoims us, and very correctly, that we are not.
But he seemed unwilling to speak of our situ-
ation, lest he should give to the enemy a knowl-
edge of our want of defense. He may relieve
himself from all fears on that point. Our actual
condition is as well known in Pans as -in Wash-
ington. We have not a fort upon our sea-board,
the precise location and strength of which is
not as well understood by them as by us. Our
Navy, both the scattered portions which are at
sea, and the remainder at our dock-yards, have
been the subjects of their diligent study. Our
coast, with all its inlets, bays, and harbors, is
familiar to them. The most accurate maps and
charts of our whole sea-board, and especially of
its most defenseless portion, the Gulf of Mexico,
aie not only known, but regularly published in
the French capital. Our revenue and materials
foi defense and attack are examined by them with
intelligent care All this is due to their own in-
terests, by those who contiol the movements of
their Government; and this knowledge would be
acquired by them, whethei peace or war was
their object. Our debates here will give them no
light on such subjects as these. The Senator
may safely declare to the nation the truth, and
the whole tiuth, m regard to them; and I unite
with him in the declaration that the country is
without the necessary and proper defenses. Are
your fortifications erected, aimed, and manned'
Is any one of all the entrances into your ports
sufficiently defended ' What guards have you
provided for Pensacola, the Chesapeake, the Del-
aware, and the other portions of your coast'
How is your little Army disposed of' Look at
Florida, now ravaged by a band of Indians, and
your executive, either strangely ignorant of their
strength and their intended incursions, or crimi-
nal'y sleeping over its duties, and the demands
which the security and protection of the inhab-
itants have upon the Government, waiting until
desolation has covered a part of the Terntoiy,
and unable for weeks to bring rescue and relief,
and yet talking largely about war with France.
Where is your Navy' You have in actual ser-
vice in the Mediterranean two frigates, one sloop,
and one schooner, the shtp-of-the-line being on
her return. In the West Indies, one frigate and
three sloops. In the Pacific, one frigate and two
schooners. In the East Indies, one sloop and
one schooner. On the coast of Brazil, one sloop,
and one somewhere on or near the African coast.
This is the whole force now employed in the
protection of your commerce, which extends to
every portion of the globe.
What is the condition of Pensacola and Key
West' They are positions of indispensable ne-
cessity, in possession of which an enemy may
seal hermetically the mouth of the Mississippi,
destroy your whole commerce on the Gulf, watch
your coast, and be prepaied for a descent upon
its mostunprotected points atany moment Why
have they been so much neglected ' Why have
not sufficient preparations been made for the re-
pair and sustenance of your vessels at one or both
those piaces' Has their importance escaped the
notice of those whose views are directed to " the
general defense and permanent security of the
country'" It was long since predicted by one
of our ablest and most valuable naval officers,
that the first naval battle in which our country
would be engaged would, in all probability, be in
the neighborhood of Key West. Yet what is its
condition' Unprotected for the relief of our own
Navy—fitted for the rendezvous of an enemy.
Everything which relates to the efficiency of the
right arm of your defense has been treated with
cold indifference; and no man who is attached to
it as I am can look at its condition without pain
and mortification. Sir, cast your eyes wheie you
will, we are unprepared for war. The Senator
from Missouri is right.
And why are these things so f In whose hands
have been the resources of the country for the last
seven years' Who have governed and directed
the energies and the treasure of the nation ' Your
wondrously energetic Executive. To whom, then,
is due the security and the glory of our present
position' To him and his friends. They have
possessed the power to dispose of your Treasury
as they saw fit. They have so disposed of it.
They have had the care of your interests, and
they have never called without success for a dollar
for the defense and security of the country. No
obstacles have been thrown in the way by any
effort of the Opposition. Look back through the
period of this Administration, and see if you can
find an estimate for your Navy—your fortifica-
tions—for any object of defense, which has not
been fully met by the appropriations. I know of
none. The records of this Administration exhibit
none. They have had all for which they have
asked. The appropriations have been made lib-
eially. The last year, for naval purposes, more
than #3,600,000; a larger sum than was ever before
granted. The average of the appropriations for
all such objects has been gieater thanat any former
