690
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
21th Cong....1st Sess.
pe-iod Whv is it, then, that we are in our pres-
et t condition ' and who must answer for it' and
w hit, during this penod, have been their employ-
mtiits' They h<m bien \eiy busy Theyha\e
hid emplovment enough, in fighting the bank,
i \■ Kin_r ibout a specie cum ncj , taking the Tieas-
ii\ uitottlit hinds of Congiess, securing offices
.mil i i'>s and deposits toi putisans, sustaining; a
pi ligv administiition ot the Post Orhce, whose
u mm tinv is now ad in it ltd , weakening the popu-
1 ir rt >[h>. t foi the ]udiu\iy, and waning against
the ^tnitt And now an Indnn wai takes them
bv supuse, and tht y aie eiiilea\onng to iush
into conflict with a poweitul nation, and, by way
of piepaiation for it, assail the St nate as faithh ss
to then duty The chaige is destitute of plausi-
ble justification, but may serve as a cover to their
o\\ n delinquency.
Mr. President, it gives me no pleasure to refer
to such a state of facts. We may be near to war.
We shall have war if moie prudent counsels do
not prevail You would have had it ere this, but
for the Senate. If it comes speedily, it will find
us unprepared, but not unequal to its exigencies
in the end. France should make no miscalcula-
tions on that point We shall suffer losses, de-
feats, perhaps, but there is power and energy
enough to bear them, and to triumph still. This
nation has been yet unconquered, and is uncon-
querable With a free country, possessing such
resources and such a population as ouis, nothing
but the folly and weakness of those who direct
its means of defense can hazard ultimate success.
On the principal theater of conflict we may, we
shall, probably, for a time, be defeated; but on
our own shores a hostile foot cannot long remain,
and our little neglected Navy will do all that may
be hoped from human exertion. Even in defeat
its still untarnished honor wil1 be secure. While
it carries the "flag of the ocean "and the "land,"
" flag of the free heart's only home," it will bear
it aloft in triumph, or, if subdued, still unstained
and undisgraced.                                                     1
But, sir, is the criminality the less with those
who, without the most ample cause, shall force
us unprepared into such a conflict3 Will the
sufferings, the losses, the agonies of humanity
be unfelt, because we may and shall escape final
overthrow' No; execrations, deep and lasting,
will be the lot of those upon whose heads shall
rest that guilt.
We have been told that the Senate has been
criminal on this subject, not in urging the nation
into war, but in refusing to prepare for it, and an
effort is made to hold us up for the rebuke of the
nation. I did not anticipate the course of ob-
servation of the Senator upon this point, in dis-
cussing the merits of this resolution. I did not
peiceive the application of the argument to the
subject But I had expected that, at some period
of the session, the Senate would, in some way,
be put upon its defense. The official herald of
the Executive had sounded to the charge, the
trumpeters of the phalanx, reckless of the justice
of the cause, had aped their leader, and the people ]
were assured that the delinquency was mus At
the opening of the session, the President from
his high station announced to the country and
to the world, that we were guilty It was not to
be doubted that some members of the Senate
might think as the Executive thought, and, if
they did, that they would feel it their duty, in
some form, to exhibit the indictment against us.
It was as well, perhaps, that it should be done
in supporting these resolutions as upon any other
subject. I do not regret that the accusation has
been made by the Executive; but I meet it, and
deny its truth and justice; and beg, while I in-
vestigate the facts, that it may be recollected by
Senators that this contest has not been sought
by us. The investigation has been forced upon
us. The country is, if possible, to be urged into
war; and, if unprepared or unsuccessful, the
blame is to be cast upon the Senate. It is one
of the movements of the war upon this body,
which has been waged with such unrelenting
severity.
The President, in his message of the 7th of
December last, says-
" Much loss and inconvenience have been experienced
in consequence of the failure of the bill containing the ordi-
nary appropriations for fortifications, which passed one
National Defense—Mr. Southard.
branch of the National Legislature at the last session, but
wi-. lost in the other The tulliré w is the more regretted,
not only because it necessanh interrupted and delajed the
progre-s ot a s\stem of national defence, projected imme-
diately after the last war, and since sttadih pursued, but
aKo b<cau-e it contained a contingent appropriation in
sorted in iceord nice with tin vii n< ot the E\ei utive, in
aid oí tl.i> import mt ob|i ct and other branches of the
nation il defence, -oine portions ot which might have been
useful!} applied duiing the pist year '
III the importance of the ordinary appropria-
tions foi this object I entnely concur the system
of defense demands support But the allegation
litte made is, that the contingent appropriation
was inserted in accoidance with the views of the
Executive, and that the bill containing it and the
ordinary appropriations was lost in one House
(the Senate) after it had passed the other, (the
House of Repiesentatives.) This allegation has
been made by the fiist Magistrate of the nation,
manifestly with a view to cast reproach upon this
body; and, sir, it will be believed by thousands.
It is made by him, and that is enough for blind
credulity They will inquire no further, and ask
no other evidence. No effort made here can
reach them, no demonstration exhibited here will
meet their eyes. Their oracles will hide the
truth from them. But so far as depends upon
me, I will i epel the accusation, and if they choose
to believe without evidence, and against evidence,
it shall not be from my silence The Senate,
upon that bill, did its duty, and its whole duty,
fully, firmly, fearlessly, and, whenever justice
shall be done, will be more than acquitted at the
bar of its country.
Is the accusation true'
I ask, in the first place, if the three millions had
been gianted, ought it to have been expended '
And would the situation of the country be now
more safe' What is there which would have jus-
tified its expenditure, previous to the meeting of
Congress' War does not exist—cannot be de-
claied but by Congress. To have foiced us into
it, without our approbation, would have been
treason against our institutions and our rights
And if wai had been commenced by Fi anee, what
could the Executive have constitutionally done
without assembling Congress ' And what would
three milhors have been in such an emergency '
You would have needed ten times that amount
before the end of the year. It may be that the
Executive thinks otherwise. The present head
of the Committee of Ways and Means is reDorted
to have assured the House, at the last session,
that " he understood " that one million for the
Army and two for the Navy " would be all that
would be required by the Executive branch of the
Government," and he was probably sincere in
thinking it enough. When a proposition is made
to devote the interest of the nation in the Bank of
the United States, amounting to seven millions,
to national defense, in order thut France might
learn therefrom that we had resources for war in-
dependent of taxation, what calculations may not
be expected about the means for necessary prep-
aration' (See Globe, 2d March ) The passage
of the ordinary appropriations for fortifications
was important; the grantof the three millions for
defense in war was absurd.
The first piece of evidence offered by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, by which the guilty purpose
of the Senate is to be proved, and its designs, in
the rejection of the item of three millions, exhib-
ited in the treatment bestowed upon the resolu-
tions of that Senator at the last session. Those
resolutions are declared to have had the same
object as those now under discussion, and I beg
the attention of the Senate to them, as they appear
on page 167 of our Journal. They are twelve in
number, and relate to a multiplicity of objects: to
the reduction of revenue on dutiable articles, the
amount to be received from public lands; the pay-
ment of the stock in the bank; the probable ex-
penditures of the Government; state of the forti-
fications; expenditures upon them; expense of
armories and arsenals; amount expended on naval
objects. But they are all inquiries of the Execu-
tive for information only. They express no
opinion, they declare no principle, they disclose
no object. The mover did not explain his pur-
pose, and the Senate was never called upon to
express an opinion, or take a vote, in regard to
them. When they were offered for consideration,
Senate.
Mr. Poindexter moved to lay them upon the
table, and it was so oidered, without debate or
vote, so faras I can discover. (Journal, page 168 )
The mover had it in his power to call for their
consideration at any time, yet he did not do it.
When, and how, then, did the Senate expiess
any opinion in regaid to them' How was its
guilty purpose to defeat the national defence
proved by the treatment of them ' How was the
Senate to learn the object with which they were
offered' Bi sides, these resolutions weie not
offered until the 16th day of February—within
fifteen dtys of the end of the session —and were
not to be answered until the commencement of the
present session of Congress. By the argument,
we were now to have information to guide, upon
a bill, to be passed nine months ago. Yet such
is a part of the evidence of our criminality, which
the Senator spreads before the American people,
unexplained and unaccompanied by the resolu-
tions
The next piece of evidence against the Senate
is the loss of the item of $500,000. The history
of this item has been fully stated by other mem-
bers It was moved in committee to add that
sum to the appropriations, not by the Senator
fiom Missouu,but by the Senator from Dela
ware, [Mr Clayton ] It was reported on the
18th of February. (Page 172 ) On suggestion
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
it was withdrawn by thp Senator from Missouri
himself Theie was no debate and no vote upon
it Is it not, then, somewhat extraoidinaiy that
this should be proclaimed as a rejection of the
patriotic purposes of the Senator from Missouri,
and of the evil intentions of the Senate' I leave
others to draw their own inferences about t>uc'a
an allegation
But these matteis are unimportant, compaied
with the loss of the fortification bill. Such a bill
is at all times of magnitude to the public interests,
and it is deeply to be deplored if it should be lost
(if such a result may be consideied possible)
from party seivility on the one hand, or party
hostility on the other. Let us examine the facts
to see what is the truth in relation to it. Its im-
portance will justify some repetition. The Pres-
ident has chaiged this body, befoie their constit-
uents and the world, with the loss of the bill;
the chaige has been repeated by a Senator in his
place, and we are exhibited as unwilling to defend
the country.    Let the whole truth be told, and
i let the nation undeistand how their agents have
acted, and do justice to their conduct.    I need
I not quote the message at the opening of the last
session. (Journal, page 13 ) It details our diffi-
culties with Tiance, lecommends reprisals as a
measure of peace, against which France had no
right to complain, and closes by submitting " to
Congress to decide whether,after what has taken
place, it will still await the further action of the
Fiench Chambers, or now adopt such provisional
I measures as it may deem necessary, and best
adapted to protect the rights and maintain the
honor of the country. Whatever that decision
may be, it will be faithfully enforced by the Ex-
ecutive, as far as he is authorized so to do."
This message contains the opinions, recom-
mendations, and action of the Executive, and it
is to be remarked—
i     1. That it contains no recommendation of any
I appropriation for fortifications or arming The
documents accompanying it contain the ordinary
and common appropriations for ordinary years,
and nothing more.
2 It was not understood by the friends or op-
ponents of the Administration as recommending
appropriations for a state other than of peace. No
Senator or Representative in his place suggested
that such a construction was to be put upon it
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hub-
bard] is entitled to the credit of the discovery,
but it comes rather late. He did not make that
discovery, so far as I know, during the last ses-
sion. His own actions, as will appear presently,
show a different opinion at that day.
3. The measure which it did recommend was
reprisals, as a measure solely of peace. And these
he recommends to be placed at his discretion, by
the passage of a law " authorizing reprisals upon
French property, in case provision shall not be
made for the paymert of the debt at the approach-
