1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Southard.
Senate.
mo- session of the French Clumbers " (Page I
17 ) If a law in this toim had been pissed, it is
appiient tint tht povvn of peace and war would
lme bun m the hands of tht E\tcutive How
ht would hive used it mi\ belenined by his "uell-
sittktl piinupli ot tin mteinational code " lie
would have used Ins power, md we should hive
bet ii at war Whit wo'ild have availtd the dic-
tum of books' It French pioperty had been
loiublv seized to pay the debt oi avtnge our
\uon^s,it would have been lepelled War would
have liistmtly risred It would hive been so, not
only «nil Fi uno, but with evtry modern nation
capable of resisting the assaults of an enemy
Tlie seizure of the property of the citizens of
Fiance, because the Government would not pay
its debt, neithei would noi could have been re-
garded a  a measure of peace But pretending so
to consider it, the President would have used it,
and thus Congress would have transferred to him
the power of making war
The recommendation, then, was of a legisla-
tive measure, with a view to peace Although it
mi'ht, in the hands of the Executive, have pro-
duced war, yet he urged it as a peace measure,
and did not accompany it with proposals or esti-
mates for increased appropriations
Such as it was, it met the prompt attention of
the Senate. And on the 15th January (page 94)
t he Senate, by a vote perfectly unanimous, forty-
five members voting,
Rcsohed That it is inexpedient at present to adopt any
l(2i>l itive mea>ure in regard to the state ot affairs, between
tlie Lulled State  and France "
Thus, by the action of the Senate, all legislative
action on the subject was, for the time, closed.
\nd did any one then think that there was a
call for war appropriations' Not one said it,
and if they thoughtit, they failed in theirdutyin
not calling for them. As a measure of peace, no
such appiopnations could be required. If no
legislative measure was expedient, they could
not have been necessary.
Subsequent to this time, but before the three
millions were proposed, the Committee on For-
eign Relations of the House, which had moved
veiy slowly, did report, and the same decision,
as to legislative action, was made there, as I shall
show by reterence to the Journal of that body.
Thus was the whole question of legislative
action, on the recommendation of the Executive,
put at rest by the concurrent and unanimous ac-
tion of both Houses of Congress Who could
have dreamed that, after this, a " provisional
appropriation of three millions, to be put at the
discretion of the Executive, would have been
proposed ' But so it was. The President had
been thwarted by a unanimous vote of Congress
in getting possession of a discretionary power,
which would have enabled him to create war if
he chose, but discretion denied in one form may
be sought and obtained in another. The power
to use three millions of money, when he should
think it necessary, would have answered an
equally efficient purpose, and might have led to
the gratification of the same wishes and designs.
The history of the fortification bill will illustrate
this remark. This history I understand very
differently from the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
I proposed to examine that history with some
care, and shall be obliged to refer to persons by
name, but I beg to be understood as doing it with
no personal feeling or object in relation to them.
They will be alluded to only because their names
appear upon the public journals, and their action
had influence upon the fate of the bill.
The first fact to which our attention is called
is the amount of the estimates for fortifications,
sent at the commencement of the session. In the
message and these estimates are found the pub-
lic, official views of the Executive and the De-
partment of War. (See 4 Executive Documents
No. 5, page 39.) These estimates amount to four
hundred and thirty-nine thousand dollars only.
This was all thai the Executive considered neces-
sary, in the state of the country, and it is remark-
able that it is very little more than one half the
appropriations for many preceding years—not one
half of those of the preceding year During Mr
Adams's administration, the appropriations had
been, m round numbers, these: 1826, $814,000;
1827, $505,000, 1828, #717,000, 1829, $1,013,000,
an aveiage, during the four years, of ibout
$762,000 During the preceding jeais of Gen-
eral Taekson's administration they had been, for
1830, #«80,000, 1831, $716,000, 1832, §653,000,
1833, $831,000, and in 1834, §890,000, being an
average of $795,000 Yet in the year 1835, when
we aie told war was appioaclung, the amount
called for was only $439,000 Did the Executive
anticipate wai ' Did he feci any pecuhai neces-
sity foi hastening on the defenses of the country'
Then he did not do Ins duty in recommending
sufficient appropriations, or was it that a pro\ is-
íonal, contingent grant, depending on Executive
discretion, was already anticipated and devised '
The estimates were received on the 4th of De-
cember, (Journal, 35,) and on the 9th (Journal,51)
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means, of
which the piesent Speaker of the House, a waim
and confidential friend of the Executive, was the
chairman No report was made until the 2d of
January, (Journal, 134,) twenty-three days after
the reference, when the bill was reported, con-
taining the precise items and precise amount of
the estimates, thus adding the opinion of the com-
mittee that the estimates were large enough In
the mean time, on the 27th of December, (Joui-
nal, 137,) a message had been received from the
Executive respecting our affairs with France, and
communicating documents in relation to them.
Of this message ten thousand copies were ordered
to be printed for distnbution The repoitof the
bill several days after the message proves that, in
the opinion of the friends of the Executive, at
least of the committee, no change was made in
our relations by that message—nothing calling for
increased orcontingent appiopnations This bill,
thus reported on the 2d January, one month after
Congress was in session, and for not one half of
the amount in the preceding year, and but little
more than one half of the average of the ten pre-
ceding years, was " in accordance with the views
of the Executive." No public document, no
known motive, explains the smallness of the sum,
unless it be found in the subsequent history of
the " contingent appropriation, and the desire
to place the money at Executive discretion.
On the 14th of January, the bill was consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole House, and, on
the 15th of January, in the House itself. The
amendments there offered to it were numerous
Mr. Everett moved to increase the appropriation
for Castle Island, &c, in Boston harbor from
$8,000 to $75,000 It was resisted by the friends
of the Executive, and rejected by a vote of 120
to 87.    (Journal, 224-5 )
An amendment was moved by Mr. McKim to
add $50,000 for Fort McHenry. It was rejected
by 129 to 66.
For the repairs of Fort Marion and the sea-
wall at Pensacola, there was a motion to insert
$40,000 The Delegate from Florida, whose in-
telligent and earnest attention to all the interests
of his constituents is so well known, had, as early
as the 10th of December, called the attention of
the House, by resolution, to this object. (Pages
64, 230 ) The Legislature of Florida had urged
it; and so also had the citizens and corporation of
St. Augustine. (Journal, 95) It was important
to the " defense and security" of that country,
and if the reports from that region be true, its
value may at this moment, perhaps, be evidenced
by the plunder and burning of a city, and the
massacre of its inhabitants Yet this appropria-
tion was also rejected, by a vote of 115 to 67.
(Journal, 227 )
These efforts to add to the bill having thus sig-
nally failed, Mr. Parker moved to strike out
$30,000 for Throg's Neck. The motion was
rejected—113 to 86 (Journal, 246.) And on the
21st January (Journal, 251) the bill passed pre-
cisely as it had been estimated for by the Execu-
tive, and reported by the committee.
Now, Mr. President, by whom was the amount
of that bill fixed' By the Executive and his
friends. By whom was the increase refused' By
the Executive and his friends. Who urged addi-
tional appropriations for " the defense and secu-
rity" of the country' The opponents of the
Administration; the political friends of that ma-
jority of the Senate who are charged with defeating
the appropriations.   Look at the recorded yeas
and nays upon these questions, read the reports
of the debates, you will find an almost exact
division of paities in lespect to the questions
The names of Mr Cambrfle\g, chairman of
Foreign Relations, Mr Polk, chan man of Ways
and Mean5!, Mr Sutherland, Mr Vanderpoll,
and all tint diss of politicians, all, except one,
of the members fiom my own state, and on all
occasions, I believe, Mr He\rt Hibbard, then
a member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and at present a membei of the Senate from New
Hampshirt, whose aigument to prove our culpa-
bility we hive heard
I ask, was there danger on the 21st January'
Why were not the specific appiopnations for
defense incieased' Why resisted by the whole
force of party' Was the Executive blind to the
danger' Were his friends' If $439,000 were
then enough for specific appropriation, where
could be the necessity foi a discretionary three
millions ' The course of the Senate, subsequently
appioved by the House, was known. Discre-
tionaiy reprisals had been refused Legislative
action had been declared unnecessary Shall
those who thus acted now turn round and charge
us with neglect'
The bill came to the Senate on the 21st January,
on the 23d it was twice read and referíed. (Jour-
nal, 117 ) On the 16th February, (Journal, 168,)
one day shorter period than it had been in the
hands of the House committee, it was repoited,
and the committee had agreed to the whole bill
as it came from the House, and all the items of
it were concurred in by the Senate, without
question But the committee had done more,
they had increased the sum for Castle Island to
$75,000, and added $100,000 for various objects
of defense in Maryland
On the 23d February (Journal, 185) it was called
up, out of its order, on motion of the chairman,
Mr. Webster, with a view to expedite its passage
The items from the House and the additions by
the committee were agreed to, and, upon motion,
three items were added, $80,000 for Fort Dela-
ware, $75,000 for repairs and armament of Fort
Mifflin, below Philadelphia, and $100,000 for the
armament of the fortifications The two first of
these items were for objects of great interest to
the country. Fort Delaware was in imns, Fort
Mifflin inefficient—the approach to Philadelphia
almost unobstructed Yet they were neglected
by the House. The other item of $100,000 for
armament of fortifications, deserves attention.
For many years that amount for that object had
been uniformly put in the bill for the support of
the Army. On the 27th January preceding, the
usual army bill had passed, containing it; and
thus, by this amendment of the Senate, $200,000,
instead of $100,000, were to be appropriated for
this essential object. Is there, in all this, any
evidence that the Senate were unwilling to provide
for the national defense ' It was far in advance
of the House. They had sent to us $439,000; we
added $421,000, for objects as important, for the
security and defense of the country, as any which
were contained in the bill.
On the 24th February it was received by the
House, and referred to the committee on the next
day (Journal, 442,451 ) There were butfive items
to be examined The committee did not take#
much time for that purpose. It was reported on
the 27th, agreeing to some and disagreeing to
other of the amendments (Page 464 ) If anxious
for the defense of the country, it might then have
been promptly considered It was in the hands
of the friends of the Administration, and they
had a large and not unmanageable majority Yet
it was left until the 3d March, the last day of the
session, when the amendments of the Senate were
agreed to, except the one which related to Fort
Delaware. Upon this the Senate afterwards in-
sisted, and the House receded (Journal, 506,509 )
There was then no longer any difference between
the two Houses on any of the items of the bill.
Each had added what its sense of duty called for,
and the amount appropriated by it was $860 more
than the average appropriation during the last ten
years. The Senate had shown no reluctance to
make the most ample appropriations, provided
they were specific. They had rejected nothing
offered by the House They had induced the
House to take an amount almost double that pro-
