1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
24th Cong...1st Sess.
Government But the parliamentary practice was
consulted I rccolltct it well, for I examined it
with that Suntor In Jefleison's Manual, our
guide on subjects of this kind, it is stattd to be
a proper messige, (page 191.) " When a bill is
sv it bv one House to the othei, and is neglected,
tlnv mav send a message to remind them of it."
(3Hils  25, 5 Gray, 154 )
The message was sent. The entry is in these
*ords:
Rewh eif. That a mc-snge be sent to the honorable the
Hou^e ot lit pri «dilative-, re-pecttullj to remind the Hou-^e
of tin' report of the committee nt conterenee appointed on
the ilwisreeins votes ot the inn House  on the amendment
ot the House to the Amendment ot the Senate to the hill re-
specting the toititn.atie.iia oi the United Sutes "
Thus, sir, the Senate, now charged with neglpct
of duty, with defeating the bill, with unwilling-
ness to defend the country, departed from ordi-
nary practice; adopted a new but parliamentary
proceeding to urge the House to attend to the
passage of the bill. And thus, sir, the Senator |
lrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Webster,] who is so I
round! v and incautiously accused by the Senators
fiom New Hampshire and Georgia, put in requi-
sition his best exertions not only to do his own
duty, but to press others to the discharge of thens.
The facts cannot have been well remembeied by
the Senators. The accusation has not been well
considered I am glad to perceive that that Sen-
ator is not at this moment in his seat; for it per-
mits me to say, without indelicacy towards him,
that in the debate upon the question, and in the
whole course of our action upon the bill, as upon
every other where the Constitution and the inter-
ests of his country are involved, he bi ought into
exercise the best powers of his well-disciplined
intelligence and pure patriotism.
Mr. President, such having been the conduct
of the Senate, I repeat the inquiry, Why was |
that bill lost, upon every item of which, except
one, the two Houses had agreed, and upon that |
one the managers of the conference between them
had agreed' The answer will be found in the
history of that night's proceedings in the House
of Representatives—proceedings which I take no
pleasure in examining. But, sir, I, and other
members of the Senate, have been accused from
high places, and it is our duty to make our de-
fense, and to make it fully. The President and
the Senator fiom Missouri have both pronounced
us guilty, and before hearing too. They must
have foi gotten their bitter complaints against us,
when we ventured, on a certain occasion, to ex-
press our opinion that the Executive had tran-
scended his constitutional and legal rights. But
enough of that for the piesent. The topic of
expunging will come in due time. Let us look
at the reasons assigned for the House not acting
on the bill, and while we do it, let us not forget
the declaration made by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, long before twelve
o'clock, when the disagreement of the Senate
was fiist announced—that they had taken the
responsibility of defeating the bill.
These reasons are: 1. That it was past twelve
o'clock when the manageis of the conference íe-
turned to the House; and 2. There was not a
quorum.
It may possibly have been past twelve o'clock;
but neither my recollection, nor the facts as they
have been stated by others, and are tecoided on
the Journals, permit me to believe it.
The Senatorfrom New Hampshire, [Mr. Hub-
bard,] who was one of the managers on the part
of the House, has stated to us that, after the
conferees had met, Mr. Webster looked at his
watch, and said it was near twelve o'clock, or
wanted a few minutes of twelve, and hastened
the conference. Then, 1 Mr. Webster did not I
seek delay, nor desire to defeat the bill. And,
then, also, 2. It was not twelve o'clock when the
conferees did meet. Now, it appears from our
Journal, and is true in fact, that the conferees
were together but a few minutes, for, in that hur-
rying part of the session, when not a moment
was lost, there were only two things done in the
Senate before the return and report of the con-
ferees—one, receiving a short message fiom the
House; the othei, a motion, of course, to dis-
charge a committee. (Journal, 237 ) Was it,
then, past twelve when the conferees agreed '      '
National Defense—Mr. ¡Southard.
The same Senator again states to us, that when '
the Cumberland load bill passed, Mr Gilmer
refused to vote, and said it was past twelve
o'clock Then, the Cumberland road bill passed
after the conference, if the statement of Mr. Gil-
mer was conect.
The same Senator also stated that Mr. Cam-
breleng and himself both voted on tint bill, and
the Journal (page 522) confirms him Then, if
the measuie suited, there wtre no sciuples about
the hour, and I ask, why not íeport the íesult of
the conference as well as vote on the Cumbei land
road bill' I fear, sir, we must seaich for other
reasons.
But suppose, sir, it had been past twelve o'clock;
did that fact justify the manasers of the House
in refusing to makeaiepoit' They had been con-
stituted, by a solemn joint act of the two bodies,
to confer upon a great public measure. In their
action both Houses were concerned,and both had
a right to demand that they should be faithful,
and discharge their duty. The refusal of those
of the House to make report was a wiong done
to the Senate, highly disiespectful to it, as well
as to the House Suppose the House had been
anxious to pass this bill, and the chanmanof the
manageis [Mr. Webster] had returned to the
Senate Chamber and íefused to report' I beg his i
pardon for even making such a supposition; but •
if he had been capable of doing it, and had done
it, what would have been said in the House'
What commotion ' What fiery denunciation'
What anathemasfiom the Executive in executive
messages ' Sir, he would have been charged with
being already in the pay of the enemy, not only
willing to disregaid the Constitution and the
safety and defense of the country, but ready to
join their ranks, and mingle the blood of his coun-
trymen with the smoking ruins of the Capitol.
But the act was performed by others, whose de- i
Yotion to party chieftainism covers every act with I
approbation.                                                               ,
Mr President, I would inquire by what au-
thonty a manager of either House assumes to
himself the right to decide for that House whether
he shall make íeport or not'—takes away, of his
own mere pleasure, the power of the body to act
and to decide upon any question ' It is not my
business to guard the respect which any House
of Representatives owes to itself, but, as a mem-
ber of this body, I have a right to express my
conviction that no manager hpie will ever feel the
inclination, or, if he does, will ever venture thus
to tnfle with this body, until it shall have become
the registeung council of Executive edicts
But, su, the Senator from New Hampshire
has taken some pains to prove that there was no
quorum in the House, and, therefore, that the
House could not act upon the measuie. Does
not the Senatoi peiceive that there being no
quorum in the House was no fault of the Senate'
It has no control over the quorums of that body.
It had created no delay. It had, in the first
instance, debated the amendment less than an
hour and a half, not more than one third of the
time consumed in the Senator's argument, nor, I
begin to fear, more than that proportion of the
time of the Senate which I shall be compelled to
consume And yet it was a new proposition, of
great importance in amount of money, of uncom-
mon magnitude from the principles involved.
When it returned again fiom the House, it was
detained only long enough for the Senator from
Massachusetts to dischaige his duty by making
the motion to adhere, and by the calling of the
yeas and nays. (Journal, 235 ) When the con-
ference was asked, it was instantly granted, and
without debate. (Journal, 236 ) If, then, it was
thrown beyond the hour when there was a quo-
rum, the censure cannot fall here.
But let us look at the Journals and reported
pioceedings upon this subject, they are full of
interesting matter. I find (page 522) that on the
Cumberland road bill there were 94 yeas, 80
nays—one hundred and seventy-four in all, and
fifty-two more than a quorum of that body If,
fiom the facts before stated, this bill passed after
the confeience, then there were fitty-two more
than a quorum when the conferees returned to
the House, for they voted upon it. If it passed
before the confeience, it must have been imme-
diately preceding it.   And, I inquire, where were
Senate.
these fifty-two when the conferees returned ?
How came it that they escaped so suddenly'
Who were they' By what impulse were they
moved' The history of the subsequent pi oceed-
mgs seems to give an explanation of this singu-
la i fact.
After the vote on the Cumberland road bill,
two reports, of course, were made, and the
Speaker signed a bill Mr Mann said the func-
tions of the House had ceased, it was twelve
o'clock. And then Mr Jarvis moved a resolu-
tion that, the houi having airived wlun the term
foi which this House was elected has expned,
we do now adjouin
Mi Polk demanded the consideration of the
question The Speaker decided the resolution
not to be in order, and Mr Jones moved an
adjournment. This motion was resisted by Mr.
Wardwell, Mr. Evans, and Mr. J. Q,. Adams,
and was decided in the negative. (Journal, 523 )
Now, sir, why this motion' Had the managers
returned, or had they not' Was it, or was it
not, in accordance with the previously declared
determination to throw the responsibility of losing
the bill upon the Senate' Or did it arise from a
certain fact which occurred about the time of the
conference, and which left the party no other
mode of escape'
The House then took up the resolution to pay
Mr. Letcher as a member of Congress, and, after
debate, it was lost, one hundred and thirteen
voting. And yet, of those not voting, several did
appear in the subsequent pioceedings of the House;
and among them Mr. Jarvis, Mr. Beardsley,
Mr. Polk, Mr. Francio O. J. Smith. The Sen-
atoi from New Hampshire was also among the
missing, and so continued, so far as voting was
concerned, until the adjournment. I cannot di-
vide the one hundred and thirteen who voted into
parties, and assign the proper place to each of
those who voted, and those whose absence or re-
fusal to vote prevented the quorum, but no one
can look at the names without perceiving that the
opponents of the Administration were there ready
to discharge their duty to the country, in trans-
acting the business before them, and that the
friends of the Administration prevented the pub-
lic service from being performed, by their deser-
tion of the House, or their refusal to vote. And
shall they now turn round, and charge upon their
opponents the loss of any public measure' Do
they suppose that all memory of facts and all in-
spection of lecoids has been lost' Or do they
I rely upon the credulity of the people, to believe
I any and every accusation against their opponents,
' especially when it is made to bear upon the Sen-
ate, and is indoised by the head of the party'
There was no quorum—none willing to let the
business proceed.  Was there not a quorum really
there'  It wanted but a few votes to make it, and
if those who appear in the subsequent proceed-
ings had answered, I cannot doubt that it would
have been found.
i     But if no quorum to attend to this bill, how
could the House proceed in the transaction of
I other business' Yet it did so.  Are their proceed-
i ings invalid'  Has that branch of the Legislature
permitted the approval and promulgation of laws
I to bind the citizens of the United States when
they know that they had no constitutional author-
I lty'    I do not charge this guevous offense upon
j them; the zeal to fasten  criminality here may
| bring them into that condition of guilt.  After this
| no-quorum vote, the Committee on Enrolled Bills
repoited   the House leceived from the President
seventy-five laws which he had approved, and by
message communicated them to the Senate, (Jour-
nal, 239,) received a report respecting a national
foundery for ordnance, heard it read, and resolved
that the Secretary of War peiform ceitain duties
in íegard to it, the Speaker laid before them nine
important communications from four of the De-
partments and one of the Bureaus, and from the
Postmaster General.    On a motion to print the
last, there was a debate had and question taken.
They also received two messages fiom the Sen-
ate, one íespecting the conference, and one with
ten bills which the President had approved    Were
all these proceedings nregular, void'    They ap-
pear in the Journal, and the papers mentiontd aie
I  a part of your public official documents—the record
I   of the legislative histoiy of your country; and
