696
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
"24th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Southard.
Senate.
yet, sir, we are told there was no quorum, no
Hou^e of Representatives m existence.                 I
After the \ote on Mr. Letcher's case, and after
the message with the billa fiom the President,
but before the message fiom the Senate respect-
ins the confeience, and the other proceedings, to
which I ha\e alluded, Mr. JAmis made another
motion to adjourn; (Journal, 527,) it was de-
bated; on the vote, Mr. Beardsley declined to
answer, because it was past twelve o'clock; one
hundred and eighteen members answered. There
is again a like division of votes as that before
alluded to, and, what is not a little inexplicable,
Mr. Cvmbreleng, who would not report the re-
sult of the conference because the House had no
power to receive it, voted against that House
adjourning.    (Journal, 528 )
The arrival of the message from the Senate to
expedite the fortification bill is another remark-
able point in the progress of these strange pro-
ceedings.    When it was received, silence on the
part of the managers of the House was no longer
practicable.    They had then been in their seats
a long time, had seen the House proceed with its
business and been silent, neglecting the discharge
of their important duty.    When the message had
been read,Mr. Cambreleng, the chairman, whose
duty it had been, and still was, to make the re-
port, declined, "on the ground that,from the vote
on the resolution granting compensation to Robert
P. Letcher, which vote was decided at the time
the committee returned into the House from the
conference, it was ascertained that a quorum was
not present; and further, that he declined to make
the said report, on the ground that the constitu-
tional term for which this House had been chosen
had expired."   (Journal, 530.)   There ltis, Mr.
President, in those very words, a part of the
Journal of the House of Representatives of the
United  States, published  under its authority.
When or how that entry came there, I know not,
and have no power to investigate.    But I should
like to know whether it was the creation of the '
Clerk of that body, without suggestion from any
quarter, and whether the Speaker saw and ap-
proved it before it was entered on the permanent
Journals.    Let its paternity be what it may, it
stands without a rival.    " None but itself can be
its parallel."
But, sir, let it stand there, and let us inquire what
is us influence on the question which we are dis-
cussing' The chairman of the managers would
not íeport, because there was not a quorum on
the vote respecting Mr. Letcher's pay, " which
vote was decided at the time the committee re-
turned to the House from the conference." Turn
back six pages to the vote upon that question, and
you will find Mr. Cambreleng and Mr. Lewis,
two of the managers, voting upon it, this being
one of the occasions upon which Mr. Hubbard
was missing. Was that question, then, decided
when they returned ' The present House ought
to set itself diligently to work to correct the Jour-
nals of the late House. In examining this con-
tradiction, I beg Senators to recollect the sugges-
tion which I have previously made in regaid to
the vote upon the Cumberland road bill, and com-
pare the facts alluded to with this statement, and
also to test the value of this journalized excuse
by the lights of a chdiinricin to withhold a repott
fiom the House by which he was appointed.
I beg also to quote a passage from a publication
with the signature of Mi. Címbrelevg, dated 7th
March, and which appeared in the National In-
telligencer of the 9th March. In that publication
he says:
" The only error in the following paragraph is the onus
8ion ot Mr. Hubbard's name, who was one of the com-
mittee :
" ' The motion to ask a conference was agreed to, and
Me «T-  CAMBRELENGand Lewis were appointed the com-
mittee of conference on the pirt of the Hoiis>e '
'• The committee immediately left the House, and pro
ceuded to one ot the chambers ol the Senate," &c.
The extract which he makes is taken from the
report of the proceedings of the House. Now,
lie here declares that the committee immediately
left the House after their appointment. Examine
the Journal, and you will find (pages 519, 520,
521) that after this committee was appointed, and
before the Cumberland road bill was taken up,
the House consideied the amendments to the bill
respecting the supply of the Aimy, &c, con-
cuiied m them, and ordered the Clerk to nifoim
the Senate, and  íuccived two reports fiom the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, containing nearly |
fifty bills, the very titles of which  would con-
sume some time in reading; after this, they took
up the bill respecting the Cumberland road, de-
bated it, had the pievious question demanded,
ordered, voted,and then debated the question on
the final passage.    After all this, the vote was
taken, and the names of Mr. Cambreleng and
Mr. Hi bbvrd appear upon that vote.    If, then,
the managers left  the room immediately   aftei
their appointment, and yet were in the House
when this vote was taken, is it not perfectly clear
that the Cumbeilind road bill must have passed
after the conference was ovei '   Theie was time
enough, and more, while the House was engaged
in the proceedings and debate to which I have
referred,forthecommittee to have met and agreed,
and the conferees returned to then places. Either
the recollection of the chairman or the Journal
needs correction.    In weighing the evidence on
this point, Senators will have no hesitation in
believing that the confeience was over when the
Cumberland  load bill  passed.    And if so, the
question as to the hour of the night is put at rest.
Either the conference and   the agreement  was
before twelve o'clock, or the hour did not operate
on the consciences of the managers and the Pres-
ident, for the former voted upon, and the latter
approved and signed, that bill.    There is another
fact in relation to the Journal of this part of the
proceedings of the House, which bears upon this
question of the quorum and the House, to which
I ask  the attention of Senators.     The Journal
(page 523) states that the previous question was
called in the debate about the payment of Mr.
Letcher, " and passed in the affirmative."    But
it does not state by what vote.    Why this omis-
sion '   Who will explain it'   A refeience to the
repoit in the National  Intelligencer of the 7th
of March gives this fact, that upon that \ote
I there were 69 yeas, 65 nays—one hundied and
thirty-four members present and voting.    A quo-
rum is found long after the Cumberland road bill
passed—a quorum after twelve o'clock, even by
the insisting of our ad versarles—a quorum willing
to vote when the question suited them.    Where
were they after this'   Why was not the repott
made while they were there !
But let us return to the statement of the chair-
man as it is journalized. He says, " the consti-
tutional term for which this House had been
chosen had expired." And who, sir, decides
this grave question' The House itself No.
But the chairman of the managers. And where
did he find his authonty to decide it' Had he
the power of that body in his hands' Would it
not have been quite as proper and respectful for
j him to have made his report and left the settle-
ment of its own existence and poweis to the
House itself, voting upon the question as his
conscience dictated ' But this was hazardous. If
the report had been made, it might so have hap-
pened that the House would have agreed to it;
the bill might not have been lost; it might have
been earned to the President; and the blame of
its defeat might have fallen, not upon the Senate,
but upon another portion of the Government. It
was better, sir, to try the chance of throwing it
' upon the Striate. "The constitutional term of
) the House had expired." And where did this
manager find his legal or constitutional doctrine
on this point. In what book or creed of politics
did he learn that the teim of Congress expires at
twelve o'clock at night' Is there any declaration
in the Constitution to that effect? None. Is
there any law establishing the commencement
and termination of Congress at that hour' None.
Is there any resolution or act of Congress itself
Not one. Then where did he learn it' Was it
fiom practice' More than one half, nay, more
than two thirds of all the Congresses under this
Government have continued to sit, to transact
business, to pass laws, after that hour. It has
been done by all parties and under all Adminis-
trations, Ho had, in truth, no competent au-
thority for his assumption. The House had no
excuse for neglecting its duty. It had constitu-
tional power to act. The true doctrine is that
mentioned by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The yeai and term end at the close of the last
day's sitting. This is the judicial understanding
on this point. Courts have" so decided in relation
to their own poweis, and the extiemest penalties
of the law have been inflicted in conformity with
it.
But the chairman of the managers, and those
who acted with him, had one authonty, whose
controlling power, so fai as they aie concerned,
I am not so absuid as to question. It was that
of the present Piesident of the United States, to
whose opinion and action on this point it will be
my duty piesently to refer.
When the chauman had made this exposition
of his reasons, which are enteied upon the Jour-
nal, Mr. Lewis, another of the manageis, dis-
charged this duty, and made the íeport of the
agreement to which the conferees had come. The
Speaker declaied the House in possession of the
íeport; and the question was put whether the
House would adopt it' It had there arrived,per
multas ambages, if not per tot discrimina reium, at
the point where it might act, and pass this bill.
If it had the desire to see it pass—if a regard for
the public interest—for " the defense and security
of the nation," rose above its deference and le-
gard to party pnnciples and a party leader, and
above thepaltiy desire of throwing responsibility
and censure upon the Senate, it had the oppor-
tunity, in spite of the contrivances of those who
had thus far baffled it, to vindicate its own patri-
otism and secure to the country all the means
which the fortifications and the Navy required.
Did it do so' And if it did not, then why not?
An objection was instantly stated, that theie was
no quorum; tellers were appointed—the two man-
agers who were not missing—and one hundied
and eleven appeared.
Mr. Cvrmichael then moved an adjournment,
and the vote was taken by yeas and nays, and
was—35 for, and 76 against it, the Chairman
being one of the yeas; and, on the other side,
almost the solid vote of the opponents of the
Administration. They were there, demanding
the dischaige of the public duties, calling for the
passage of the appropriation which is now deemed
so necessary for the public interests. But they
were not heard. They were ready to fulfill the
tiust íeposed in them, and they were men with
whom, now and at all times, I shall feel an ele-
vated pride as a man, a citizen, and a public
officer, in being associated. It was the last time
that the yeas and nays were called in that House,
whose Journal, at least, will give them a per-
petuity of fame.
Mr. Lewis, one of the denounced Opposition,
anxious that the House should act on the report
of the conference, and save the bill, moved that
the House should be called, to compel members
to appear; and how was the motion met' Mr.
Cambri-leng resisted it, and said, " I protest
against the right to call the House. What mem-
ber will answer to his name'" "I will," "I
will," was the íesponse. "I am as much in
favor of the fortification bill as the gentleman
fiom New Jersey, but I say that the responsi-
bility for its failuic íests upon the Senate, and
not upon us. The bill was defeated by the Sen-
ate." Sir, the declaration was too much foi the
House, and " no," "no," was heaid from every
pait of it. Did that member believe that eveiy
assertion and eveiy absurdity would pass current
with the people, when it came clothed with the
action and sanctioned by the mandates of the
party.'
There were two resolutions offered by Mr.
Francis O. J. Smith, one to appoint a committee
to wait upon the President, to announce to him
that the House was ready to adjourn; the other
to communicate the same fact to the Senate An
effoi t was made to amend the latter, by stating
in it the fact that there was no quorum, (Journal,
532,) but it was not decided. A motion was made
by Mr. Reed, of Massachusetts, an Opposition
man, pure in purpose, faithful to duty and his
country, to call the House, but it was defeated
by a motion by Mr. John Y. Mason to adjourn
—which was carried, without having sent the or-
dinary messages to the President and Senate.
And thus sic transivit. I would that we could
adopt the maxim, nil de mortuis, nisi bonum, but
these things are now matters of Instoiy, and a
faithful exposition of fact—duty to the people of
