1836.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
24th Cong....1st Sess.
The Fortification Bill, fyc.—Mr. Pickens.
Ho. of Reps.
There are punciples in this bill which by no '
nieuis rceive my appiobation. The gentleman
spoke ot the evils complained of fiom the surplus
in the Tieasuiy, and intimated that if it had not
bten for the " compiomise," a system would
have been adopted w Inch would have reduced the
revenue now down to the wants of the Govern-
ment All this sounded veiy well from the gen-
tleman in one part of his lemarks But when
he came to another pait, win le he was attempt-
in  to defeat the "land bill," oi any just distri-
bution of the suiplus among the States, I con-
fess I was astonished to see the gentlennn labor
so hard to prove that there was and would be no
suiplus.
He entered into a long calculation to show that
there would be no more than the wants of the
Government would require At one moment, he
denounced the "compiomise" as producing the
evils of the surplus, to show how much better i
others could have done for the country, and then,
when he desired to retain what was m the Treas-
ury from a distribution, he attempts to prove
that the same "compiomise" has produced no
surplus beyond what the Government will act-
ually want. I leave the gentleman to reconcile
this palpable absurdity and contradiction in his
argument, if argument it can be called. But, sir,
this contiadiction was not more astonishing to
me than the íeasoning by which he lumped at
his conclusions. He spoke loudly on the " ebbs
and floods" of importations and exportations,
and from something connected with these " ebbs
and floods" which he knew of, he asserted that
two yeais hence our importations would not tx-
ceed $40,000,000, and upon this oui impoits
would yield 810,000,000 of revenue
Mr. CAMBRELCNG explained, and said he
meant the dutiable articles would not exceed that
amount, but admitted that the importations would
amount to $150,000,000
Mr. PICKEAS íesumed, and said he did not
so understand the gentleman before But if the
gentleman admits that our importations will equal
$150,000,000, I am totally at a loss to peiceive
how he comes to the conclusion that our customs
will then yield only $10,000,000. The system is
biennial in its íeduction, and then only amount-
ing to ten per cent If the whole impoitations
are $150,000,000, unless the propoitions vary en-
tirely from what they have been heretofoie, the
dutiable articles must equal $G6,000,000, and this
must yield a revenue of $17,000,000, instead of
$10,000,000. No, sir, with our increasing and
wide-spreading popul ition, stretching itself over
theexuberent valleys of the Mississippi—the vast
schemes of internal impiovements developing the
resources of the interior—industry and enterprise
invigoiating the remotest quarters of our land—
all, all proclaim the increasing means of a grtat
people with corresponding wants and demands.
Under this prospect of things, I should be induced
to think that in two years moie our impoitations
would reach $170,000,000, and that our customs
would yield (,18,000,000 Your expoi ts in cotton
alone, for the year ending on the 1st of last Octo-
ber, sold for $73,000,000, and this year they will
probably reach near $90,000,000. This was the
article which, in the plentitude of your wisdom,
you pronounced over produced three years ago,
when we íaised less than ten hundred thousand
bags, and sold it for less than nine cents, and you
declared that production bad then outrun demand.
Last year we raised above three hundred thousand
bags more, and sold it, notwithstanding your over
production, for sixteen cents. No man can fore-
tell the developments of this country under a wise
system of free trade. No man can foresee the
immense increase of importations and exporta-
tions of a free and unrestrained people, with the
freshness of the virgin wilderness before them.
The gentleman cannot make the surplus vanish
by figures. Even if all the reasonable expendi-
tures that have been officially asked for be made,
we will have on the 1st of January next at least
forty-six million dollars of surplus in the Treas-
ury, supposing the public lands to yield seventeen
million dollars; and many put them as high as
twenty-five million dollars. Good faith and pru-
dence demand that this should be deposited not
in the corporations of the States, but in the treas-
ury of the separate States themselves, in propor-
tion to their Federal representation, they being
responsible for its íepayment This would give '
us the faith and credit of the States instead of the
banks. But of this, and of the gentleman's argu-
ment on the " land bill," I will say more oil
a lother occasion.
The gentleman, in his calculations to reduce
this suiplus, has placed $7,000,000 to be appro-
priated foi Indian treaties, and in this I suppose
lie is conect He also put down $5,000,000 for
the Florida war. Mi. Chan man, I will not say
that this is too much, but I will say that it is four
times as much as it ought to have been. I will
heie tdke occasion also to say, that this is one of
the most disgraceful wars that has ever occurred
—disgraceful in its origin, and of no credit to
those who have had the termination of the first
campaign I am rather induced to believe that
the gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr Wise] has
given us the true causes of this war It is not
improbable that it was engendered by iniquitous
authority given to agents and otheis, who, under
the vile pietext of seizing fugitive slaves, and
purchasing others, befoie the emigiation of the
lawless savages could take place, attempted, in
some mstanees, to seize even the children of their
chiefs for bondage and sale, and then committed
imposition and outrage, until suffering natui e could
bear it no longer. I forbear to say more at present,
for I may be misinformed, and I trust, for hu-
manity, and foi the honor of our Government,
that I may be
But I will say, that whatever may or may not
have been the treatment of the Indians, I believe
that many of those who have volunteeied to
defend your border have been, to say the least,
treated with coldness and neglect. I do not
stand heie to complain for them. What they
have suffered and borne they have borne without
a murmur, for the honor and character of then
State. But, representing, as I do, perhaps as
many of tnese spirited men as any other gentle-
man, I take occasion to say that they volunteered
their services, not as the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Adams] sneenngly says, because |
it was to them a " fat business," but to defend
your exposed fiontier, after this Government,
fiom neglect and injustice, had involved us in a
ciuel and merciless war of plunder and murder.
These very men, who have so honorably sus-
tained youi stars and your stripes, were from
amongst those whom your Government piess
here, and its pensioned bands, have denounced
for the last two years as traitois to their country.
And what has been the fact' While they have
gone forth to encounter haidslup and exposure
in vindication of your honor and your power,
those who, some yeais since, were so eager to
exhibit their patriotism, by volunteering in a civil
war of extermination to be waged on their own
biethren, have made no move in this recent war
to let off the exuberance of then spirit, but have
kept back in that silence which belongs to their
servility. After all that our citizens have done
in this unfortunate savage wai, it ill becomes the
officer you placed there to command them, con-
sidering that he had but recently come fresh fiom
the fields of his triumph in maneuvering and
strategy; I say it little becomes him to cast a
sneer over thtm as " volunteers," and not " good
troops "
But, sir, to return. The gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cambreleng,] to exhaust the sur-
plus, has put down $10,000,000 for the war in
which we will be involved with Mexico on our
southwestern borders.
Mr. Chairman, to say the least of it, this decla-
ration, coming from one who bears such relation
to this House and country as the gentleman does,
was as imprudent as anything could well be.
Everything' relating to the affairs of Texas in-
volves questions of the deepest and most delicate
interest, and it does not become us at piesent to
say or do anything that may lead to embairass-
ment. I trust theie will be no war to which the
gentleman alludes. Whatever may be the power
or policy of those governments that are in their
nature unlimited, 1 hold that, under our Consti-
tution, which we are sworn to defend, with its
limited trust-powers conferred on us for the in-
terest and benefit of this people, we have no right
I to go into a war, except purely for self-defense.
There are certain great moral obligations which
should ever bind Governments as well as individ-
uals, and which, particularly under our peculiar
institutions, should never be forgotten on any
occasion, no matter how tempting. A war with
Mexico for conquest would lead to a conflict with
Eui opean Powers, the end of which it would not
be easy to foietell I have as much cause to feel
sympathy as most gentlemen,for I had the com-
panion of my boyhood—the friend of my maturer
years—brave, chivalrous, and daring to the high-
est degree—inhumanly butchered in the fall of the
Alamo. But I shall never suffer the feelings and
sympathies of my heart to prompt me, under im-
pulse, to do anything calculated to involve others
in consequences the most seuous, unless under a
case of cleai justification.
But, sir, whatever may have been the calcula-
tions of gentlemen, the recent glorious and tri-
umphant victoiy gained to the arms of Texas
has entirely dispelled them. I deprecated debate
heietofore, because I feared that it might lead to
consequences calculated to embarrass the negoti-
ating power of this Government. I frankly avow
that it is an object neai and dear to my heart to
acquire Texas for this Union. Sir, I desire this,
not, as has been said, to extend the boundaries of
slavery, but for the purpose of extending the
boundaries of liberty. Who is there so cold and
heai tless that he would desn e to limit the confines
of this great and growing Republic' If even all
the nations of Christendom weie anxious to adopt
our Constitution, and cover themselves under its
punciples, is there a man here whose heart would
not beat, and whose eye would not kindle with
joy at the anticipation of such an event? And
who is there so nanow and contracted that would
not extend our Union and protection to those who
are our neighbors—who speak our language—
identified with us, as they aie, in interest and in
feeling, who went from our firesides and from
our altars—who are oui own brethren and rela-
tives ' Who is there amongst us that would turn
his hand upon the hardy enterprise of a brave and
daring people'
Yes, sir, they are ours by position—ours by
all the sympathies of our nature—ours by all the
bonds of interest—ours by all the ties that can
bind man to his fellow-man. I desire their union,
not because it would stiengthen the slaveholding
States—I scorn to place it upon any such narrow
grounds—but because I desire to nurture with
our fostering care a noble empire for the free,
just now quickening into life; because I desire
that our banner may float aloft, and that the whole
race of civilized man shall sleep in peace under
its broad and benignant folds
Mr. Chairman, I come now to examine some
of the abstract doctrines which fell from the gen-
tleman fiom New Yoik, [Mi. Cambreleng,] and
which I heard with profound astonishment. The
gentleman, after speaking of the triumphs of the
Demociacy, proclaimed that he hoped the time
was soon coming when the people would declare,
in language not to be mistaken, " that no legisla-
tion should bind posterity." If this sentiment
had been uttered only by the colleague of the gen-
tleman on my extreme right, [Mr. Moore,] it
would have excited in me no attention; for I took
that gentleman's wild declamation to be better
suited for the " Loco-Foco" party in the streets
of New York than for the halls of legislation.
But coming as it did from the chairman of the
" Ways and Means," who, from his years and
expeiíence, may be supposed not to speak with-
out reflection, it is a doctrine which deserves the
most serious attention of this country. I am
aware that this doctrine claims for its origin high
authority—authority which, in my opinion, has
been looked to with full as much reverence as it
deserves. I am aware that it has recently been
promulgated in an ingenious pamphlet from Ohio
ag-unst all corporations, and that it is openly
preached in the northern and middle sections of
this Union, where in all probability it will soon
become the popular doctrine of the day.
What, sir' no legislation bind posterity' Push
this doctrine to its consequences, and where does
it lead to ' What becomes of youi public faith '
What becomes of your national honor' Let it
be known that those treaties which bind you in
, your intercourse with the nations of the earth,
