700
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
The Fortification Bill, fyc.—Mr. Pickens.
Ho. of Reps.
are to be disregarded and defied by the whim, the
interest, or the ambition of the ascendant party
of to-day, and we must then necessarily be ex-
cluded from civilized society. No legislation bind
posterity! "What bore us in glory and in triumph
through the war of our Revolution, but that legis-
lation which bound posterity to redeem the debt
incurred to sustain your armies upon the field of
battle? What sustained us through the second
war of our independence but the power to pledge
the resources of this nation for the great pur-
poses of self-preservation ? Is this Congress to
do nothing that can bind those who are to come
after us? Go back at once, and tear up your
Declaration of Independence itself; scatter into
a thousand pieces the parchment of your Consti-
tution, and substitute in the place thereof the
shouts of a mob proclaiming their triumphs of
to-day, or the power of a lawless multitude
waving over a blood-stained land the scepter of
anarchy to-morrow. No legislation bind pos-
terity! Whereis faith ? Where is honor? Where
is public law? Where is public morality? Sir,
this is a doctrine at war with peace, policy, and
honor. It breaks down all that is venerable,
virtuous, and consecrated in the institutions of
civilization itself. If this be the doctrine of the
gentleman, and the party with which he is iden-
tified intend practically to enforce it in this coun-
try, I can tell him that when he attempts it, a
hundred thousand plumes will wave over a hun-
dred thousand lances, couched to vindicate all
those «acred rights which have been acquired
under the plighted faith of this Government.
But, sir, the gentleman dropped another re-
mark th*t struck me with peculiar force. He
asserted that the time would soon come when the
Government should sell the public lands to none
but emigrants who are actual settlers. Where is
the right under the Constitution by which this
Government would attempt to exclude any class
of free citizens from purchases of the public do-
main ? Where is the right by which you shall
claim to distribute it amongst a particular class?
If it be intended by this to feed the appetite and
minister to the desires of that class who may have
no peculiar ties or interests to bind them to the
place of their nativity—if it be intended to catch
that class who move through the land from one
end to the other, having no home, and feeling for
no country, then it is vile agrarianism. Has it
come to this, that a man is to be excluded from
the benefits and privileges under this Government,
because, by industry, economy, or enterprise, he
should be so fortunate as to accumulate property,
or because he may happen to be associated with
others who have ? Are citizens whose ties and
interests may bind them to reside in one State,
to be excluded from holding a freehold in another?
If this system of selling alone to a certain class
be intended by the gentleman as an equal division
of the public domain, then he should remember
that, when the Roman people came to receive
their distribution from the public granaries, they
became prostituted and debased. When their
conquering generals came loaded with the spoils
of devastated provinces, and were enabled to deal
out bread and bounties to this class or that class,
then, through briberyand corruption,they bought
their way to power over the prostrate liberties of
their country.
But the gentleman made another declaration,
which, I confess, filled my heart with the most
gloomy forebodings for the future. After speak-
ing of the bloated state of things in the country
at present, he concluded by declaring " that the
whole nation was now one common gambling-
house!" Considering the position he occupies
in this House, and the relation he bears to the
dominant party that now rules this Confederacy
—considering that from his residence he must be
intimately acquainted with the secret springs of
speculation and commerce—I confess I heard this
solemn declaration with no ordinary emotions.
This nation one common gambling-house! And
who made it so? Let those who hold the reins
of Government answer this awful question. Mr.
Chairman, next to the omnipotence and omni-
presence of that superintending Providence that
moves upon the affairs of the world, there is no
power that exercises so great an influence over
the feelings, the sentiments, and the very nature
of man as the Government that acts upon him,
and those who administer its authority. Let an
individual become abandoned and profligate, and
the consequences of his vice and iniquity are,
for the most part, confined to himself and those
immediately around him; but let those who hold
in their hands the destinies of a great people be-
come corrupt and lawless; let them trample over
the great fundamental principles of the Govern-
ment; let them become ambitious and profligate,
and the consequences are felt in the remotest
circles of society; the highest and lowest come
under this tremendous influence. Look over'the
world and see its fairest portions where civiliza-
tion, art and refinement once held their soft and
mingled sway, now laid low in ruin and decay;
go walk by the broken columns of the Parthenon,
or stand on the grave of Miltiades; go and visit
the tomb of "Virgil, or the villas of Tully, and
why is it that you hearno longer the voice of the
orator, or see no more the poet and the warrior?
Is it because the uplifted hand of God has for-
ever blighted those fairest portions of creation ?
No, no; it comes from the iniquity of corrupt,
fallen, ambitious man. It is his usurping hand
that has laid these fair regions low,«and made a
degenerate,desponding, and heartbroken people.
And, sir, when it is now announced that our
"nation is one common gambling-house," let
those who sit on the seats of power tremble for
the future. They may pass through this world,
and receive its applause; they may proclaim in
triumph that they have received the approbation
of their country, and when the gnawings of a
guilty conscience shall be felt, they may pour
upon it the sweet unction that rises from the
huzzas of a passing mob; but when they shall
have gone through these scenes, and shall come
to the last sad day, when the secrets and recesses
of the human heart shall be laid open before a
tribunal that is never deceived, and that never
errs; when they rise before the searching eye of
an avenging God, then let the question be asked,
who made this nation one common gambling-
house? and, if I mistake not, you will see them
quake and tremble as did Babylon's corrupt and
reveling crew when they beheld upon the wall
the handwriting that announced their guilt, and
proclaimed their destiny.
Mr. Chairman, I propose to examine who
" made us one common gambling-house." An-
other gentleman from New York [Mr. McKeont]
took this occasion to pass a eulogy upon the
present Administration. He also exhibited the
claims of the different candidates for the Presi-
dency, making all merely sectional, except one,
who stood upon the broad and enlarged principles
that embraced the whole Union — who stood
pledged to carry out the principles of the present
Administration. And this gentleman, at the con-
clusion of his remarks, with quite as much mod-
esty as discretion, thought proper to read us a
lecture on parties, deprecating all party topics as
not to be drawn into discussion on this great bill
of so much interest. Yes, sir, this pharisaical
party, who arrogate to themselves all virtue, and
thank God that they are not as other men, have
the effrontery to call upon us to hold our peace,
while they stand pledged to carry out the prin-
ciples of the present Administration ! Let us
briefly look back and see what are these prin-
ciples.
One of the first avowals of principle was the
indirect pledge made by the President in his fa-
mous letter to the Tennessee Legislature, in
which he laid it down that no member of Con-
gress should be appointed to office during his
membership, and for two years afterwards. The
next great pledge made in the canvass was, that
no man should be dismissed from office for opinion
sake. This principle was indirectly avowed by
the war made upon those who were supposed to
have done so. Then came the celebrated inaugu-
ral, in which reform ! reform ! stood out in bold
relief in every line. The "Augean stables were
to be cleansed." Now, I hold that the public
pledges which a man makes before the world, are
as binding upon him by all the principles of sound
morality as his pledged honor in private, and he
who would wantonly disregard the one would
violate the other. Those public men who noto-
riously set at defiance all the pledges that they
have ever made, go very far to set an example
well calculated to produce looseness of morality
and general profligacy, all tending to make the
nation a common "gambling-house," where false-
hood and treachery hold a triumphant sway.
What has been the fact with reference to the
first pledge to which I have alluded ? More mem-
bers of Congress have been appointed to office
than under any three Administrations since the
commencement of the Government; and, as to
dismissals from office for political opinions, I have
only to state the remarkable fact that, in all the
Administrations of this Government up to the
present, all the dismissals together amount to
only seventy-four, while in this Administration
there have been upwards of nine hundred, and
two hundred and thirty of them important officers.
True, there has been a change, but it has only
been a change from those who were in office to
the vilest and most lawless crew that were ever
raised up under the dispensations of Providence
to scourge a degenerate and ungrateful people.
Sycophancy and servility have taken the place
of all the heroic and manly virtues. The rooks,
together with obscene birds, have perched them-
selves in the high places of the land, and we sit
here beneath, surrounded daily with their filth
and putrefied corruption. Office-holders (now
become miserable dependants) and office-seekers
infest every turn and corner; and let it be known
that any man has influence from his being the
tool of those who have patronage to confer, and
he is overwhelmed with the bowing and cringing
of these slaves and beggars. Crowds of misera-
ble hungry beings creep and crawl, in the dark-
ness of midnight, through the hidden recesses
and gloomy avenues that lead up to the throne
of royal favor. These creatures, generated as
they are in despotism, are pervading the country,
and becoming more loathsome than the creeping
lice or " slimy frogs of Egypt" ever were in the
daysofGod'sjudgments. This, sir, is the reform
with which we are blessed.
Mr. Chairman, we cannot shut our eyes to
what we see passing around us. The Govern-
ment is virtually changed, and the people seem
to be sinking into acquiescence. The dismissed
of the first cabinet, upon the notorious principles
involved, was an open avowal that arbitrary will
should govern even in private circles. The war
waged upon all the constituted authorities of the
land—upon the Supreme Court, upon the Senate,
and even at first upon this House, because they
were favorable to a recharter of the United States
Bank, and then the appeals made to the people as
one aggregate mass—all, all, announced, in lan-
guage not to be mistaken, that the constitutional
Republic of States was to be broken down, and
that a simple democracy of brutal numbers, with
an elective and unlimited monarch, was to be
raised over the ruins.
The President has habitually, through flattery,
appealed to the passions and prejudices of all that
is ignoble and low in society, to sustain him in
his reckless career upon the institutions of hia
country. In this he has pursued the course of all
those who have intended to usurp the liberties of
the people. Casar, when he crossed the Rubicon,
did it to bless the people and preserve the laws.
He refused the crown that was urged upon him,
and then took supreme power to please the peo-
ple. By what authority is it that the President
makes his appeals to the people, as contradistin-
guished from the laws and Constitution of his
country? He was elected, not by a simple ma-
jority of the whole, but by majorities from the
States. Every principle in the Constitution is
against making this a simple majority Govern-
ment. It was made and can alone be altered by
States. The States are equal in one branch, and
even the representation in this House is differ-
ently modified from different States. Change this
state of things, and convert it into a simple un-
mixed democracy, and you immediately raise one
interest in society in deadly hostility against
another, which must end, as all simple democra-
cies have done, in a dictator or an elective but
unlimited monarchy. To restrain the Executive
interest in all Governments, there must be created
some independent and antagonist interest in so-
ciety, which shall be habitually felt in the prac-
tical operation of the Government.   You have
