1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Hardin.
Ho. of Heps.
the House in another form ' They must have
confured togethet, and the whole was a maneuver
to enible the gentleman from Massachusetts to
exhibiting íesolution, which I consideran indict-
ment, vv ith one count a^iinst the members m tins
IIoum who voted against the tlnee million appio-
piiition last session, another count against the
nniouiv in the Senate, but these two counts aie
only nominil. the nal intent and meaning of the
whole i", to unch two of the honorable Senators
[Mtssi* White and Webster] who are now
befon theptopli ascindulites foi thePitsidenry
It looks like a Van Buien tiak; the hand of the
magiuin is suiely in this whole matter If the
gentleman fiom Massacluist tts is capable of
blast ins, or ft cling one sensation of shame, that
blush or sensation ought to be exhibited upon
the prLsent occasion. I call upon him to íeview
lus past life, the high and dignified offices he has
filled, duung a space of fifty years, with so much
credit to himself and honor to the nation, and
now but to behold his present fallen condition—
the instrument of a vile intrigue. Self-debasement
and degradation is a fatality which frequently
awaits the inordinate ambition of an old man—
th it ambition which outlives his faculties.
I hope the House will paidon me for this short
digression I will proceed with the history of this
resolution, and its progress in the House up to
the present time. The gentleman fiom Massa-
chusetts, in support of it, addressed the House
for nearly three hours, in a most elaborate speech,
alike famous for its length, violence, and vituper-
ation of his former political friends, filled to over-
flowing with the bitterest invective Some of his
remarks I intend to notice hereafter. He was fol-
lowed by the honorable gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr Wise,] who addressed the House at length
on the opposite side, and who, in his speech, ex-
hibited great industry, research, and talents. But
the ability he displayed, although very great, did
not so much attract my admiration as his bold and
manly bearing in delivering his sentiments. He
forcibly reminded meof what thatstern republican
Roman said, that "one day, nay, one hour of vir-
tuous liberty was worth an eternity in bondage "
When the gentleman from Virginia resumed his
seat, the honorable chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr Cambreleng,] with
great pomp and parade, took the floor, and an-
nounced what he intended to do when he should
address the House. He said it was too late to
proceed that evening, but, before he moved an
adjournment, with gteat arrogance, declared he
would not reply to the gentleman from Virginia;
that be intended to encounter a champion more
worthy of his steel—alluding to Mr. Webster,
of the Senate. I admired his courage; and felici-
tated myself that my eyes, at least once in my
life, would be gratified by a sight of the battle of
giants. There was something to command ad-
miration in his high resolves, it was a laudable
ambition, even if he perished in the conflict. I
love to see men matched fairly; let footman light
with footman, squire with squire, knight couch
the lance and spur the fiery steed against knight.
Fingal never left his rock and mixed in the strife
of heroes, until Lathmon was in the field.
When the gentleman took the floor on yester-
day, I expected efforts commensurate with the
undertaking, I listened to hear Jupiter thundering
from Olympus's cloudy tops, or, if not the thun-
der of Jove, at least the music of the spheres. But
was there ever man so disappointed ! Instead of
the grandeur, magnificence, and sublimity of
thunder rolling along and shaking the earth from
pole to pole, my ears were grated with the miser-
able sounds of a wretched performer on a Jew's
harp! If an enlightened stranger were to visit
this city during the sitting of Congress, and at-
tend to the debates in the Senate and here, how
this House would suffer in the companson ! If
he should chance to hear the chairman of Finance
in the Senate [Mr. Webster] developing, in his
usual lucid manner, complicated questions of
finance, and unfolding the almost exhaustless,
although somewhat hidden resources of tins na-
tion, and, after that, come into this Hall, and hear
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means on the same subject, whether the efforts
of the great moneyed officer of this House would
most excite his laughter or contempt, I cannot tell;
the sublime and ludicrous are so nearly allied
His feelings would be not unlike those of an ama-
teur of the gieat and awful workings of nature,
who had ]ust been a spectatoi ot Vesuvius or
.¿Etna in the appalling grandeur of a tremendous
eiuption.and then turning on the plain below,
and seeing a mole or ant-hill emitting a pale
smoke, and occasionally a feeble and sickly blaze.
I have been a member of this House, or of the
Legislature of Kentucky, for nearly twenty-five
yeirs I do not piofess to have an intimate ac-
quaintance with the rules and regulations which
govern, or rather ought to govern,parliamentary
bodies, yet I do piofess to know enough of the
order of pioceeding as will enable me to do, and
understand how to transact, the business confided
to me either by my constituents or this House.
I never made more of the mies my study than
was needful for the doing of business. My am-
bitious aspirations have never been directed to-
wards the Speaker's chair I cannot give in to
the modern doctrine, that if the force of party, or
the desire to propitiate the White House, should
take a man from among us who is not above the
mediocrity of this House, and make him Speaker,
he theieby becomes one of the wise men of this
land, it is the man who is to do honor to the
chair, and not the chair to do honor to the man, if
he does not fill it, his littleness, by his elevation,
only becomes more visible and striking. If the
same man, when in the chair, should select a
man below the mediocrity of this House, and
put him at the head of the most important com-
mittee, I am equally disinclined to believe that
he thereby becomes " a very Daniel of a man."
Sn, since Elijah went to Heaven in a chariot of
fire, and cast hrs mantle on Elisha,and he there-
by became a prophet, God has not vouchsafed
for any other man on this earth to be thus gifted.
I declare to this House that such a resolution
as the present I never before saw. Does it pro-
pose anything for the action of this House' I
answer no. Does it present anything for the ac-
tion of the Senate' It does not. We are to raise
a committee in tins House to inquire and report
why a certain bill, which was before Congress at
the last session, did not pass. Let the committee
report as it may, no action of this House can be
based thereon or grow out of it. Can we im-
peach the members of the Senate or of the last
House of Representatives, who voted against the
three million appropriation' Every man in this
House knows we cannot.
One of the main objects of this resolution is to
raise the committee. Will that committee examine
witnesses' No. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will draught a report based upon his dis-
torted view of the transaction, for I well know
the part he took in it last session. It will be filled
with bitter denunciations of his former political
friends and associates, to conciliate the opposite
party and make his peace at the palace. I have
no doubt the report will not exhibit any one fact
exactly as it took place. To tell the truth, the
whole truth, and nothing but the truth, is far from
the.object of the gentlemen concerned in this mat-
ter. A war is to be made on the Senators, to
cheapen and lessen their standing with the people
of the United States. Messrs. Webster and
White are to be assailed without mercy in the
report, and food furnished for all the Administra-
tion presses in the Union next summer, to abuse
those who voted against the appropriation in either
House. I ask, does it become the dignity of this
august assembly, the wisest and freest on earth,
to degrade itself for mich a vile purpose—the in-
glorious one of becoming panders to collect and
embody slander for the office-holders and office-
hunters,some of whom are now feeding, and others
expect shortly to feed, upon " the spoils" of this
nation, as if we were a conquered enemy, and
who are the only self-styled, self-created democ-
racy of the country—a word justly dear to a re-
publican, and only used in these degenerate days
by designing knaves to flatter and deceive the
1 people'
I1 I boldly and fearlessly pronounce the resolution
to be unparliamentary, unprecedented, and dis-
graceful to those concerned in it.    No man can
J misunderstand its object, it is an inquisition of
entitling for Van Buren.    If I had no other rea-
II sons than those I have this moment assigned, I
would vote against the resolution. If the gentle-
man from Massachusetts wishes to cut a sum-
merset, let him do it as a clown in the pit, do not
give him a spnng-plank to leap fiom, I want to
see him turn asummeiset as a ground, nota lofty
tumbler; he is not unaccustomed to these things;
he has fiequently done it before, without the aid
of a committee, and let him do it again
I will endeavor now to give a brief and rapid
sketch of the histoiy of the fortification bill, as it
is called, and the three million appropriation at-
tached to it, by way of amendment, in the last
stages of the progress of the bill.
The fortification bill was reported to this House
by the pioper committee, and, after remaining
heie some fifty days, it passed, and was sent to
the Senate for the action of that body. The ap-
propriations in the bill, at that time,amounted to
§559,000, this being the sum then deemed suffi-
cient by the Department of War. The bill was
sent to the Senate, and there met the prompt at-
tention of that body. It passed the Senate with
amentlments making additional appropriations to
the fortifications of the country to the amount of
$430,000, making #989,000. On the last day of
the session, the bill, as amended, came from the
Senate for the concuirence of this House in the
Senate's amendments.- If the friends of the Ad-
ministration only wanted the fortification bill, all
they had to do was to agree to the amendments
of the Senate. It contained $430,000 more than
was asked for originally by the President and
War Department, and more than the usual and
customary annual appropriations for the samé
objects. The annual appropriations for fortifica-
tions since the war amount, each year, to these
sums:
•appropriation /or fortification* nnce the treaty of Ghent.
Vears                                 Year .
1814...........$552,999 43
1815..........451,389 93
1816...........396,261 02
1817............381,969 61
1818 ...........635,923 66
1819 ...........972,964 46
1820............675,376 23
1821............316,720 69
1822............385,679 86
1823    .........481,692 67
1824 ...........514.816 25
1825........... $729,783 05
1826...........  760,238 «6
1827............  633,961 14
1828............  637,558 43
1829...........    824,589 55
1830...........   951,000 00
1831............  816,604 00
1832............   753,000 00
1833............   926,900 00
1834............  871,044 00
1835...........    100,000 00
Total................................$1,370,472 84
But on the last day of the session, and about
sunset on that day, did the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cambreleng] move to agree to the
Senate's amendments with an amendment; which
amendment contained the famous three million
apnropnation.
Had the President ¡ ent us any communication
on the subject' No. Had we heard that the
War Department wanted it' No. Some few
favorites, it seems, had been so informed; but
they kept it a profound secret. Why did they
not communicate it to the House, if it was an
Executive measure' If General Jackson wanted
the money for the purposes of carrying on the
Government, why not say so' He has never,
heretofore, been backward in telling us what he
wanted. Did he want the money, and yet not
dare to assume the responsibility of asking for
it' Upon all these subjects of information we
were left in the dark. The executive of this and
every other Government informs the legislative
department what amount of money is necessary
to carry on the Government, and the legislative
department is never in fault, until they refuse to
appropriate the money after it is demanded.
The appropriation of the three millions was
asked by the gentleman from New York too late
for any of us to make inquiry of the President,
or the War Department, as to the fitness and pro-
priety of the measure; and, if we had made the
inquiiy, it is evident no information would have
been given; or why did the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Polk] keep it
a secret, and request some few others, who knew
that the President wanted the money, not to
divulge it' Surely, the leaders of the Adminis-
tration party intended to sport with and mock
the House.
If there had been no other cause than the want
of time and of information on the subject, we did
right to vote against the three miUiou approprm-
