704
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28.
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Hardin.
Ho. op Reps.
tion.    I, for one, will never give away the money
of my constituents, unless I know the why and ¡
wherefore it is asked and demanded.                      j
About dark, on the last day of the session, the
bill went back from this House to the Senate, for
the concurrence of that body to the three million
appropriation. The Senators had no information
of any kind on the subject, either official or in-
formal; they had no time for investigation; they
must either vote the money instantly, without
light or knowledge on the subject, or reject the
appropriation, and disagree to our amendment.
They, as became sages and patriots, chose the
latter alternative; they acted with becoming dig-
nity and manly independence, in true character
with themselves. The bill came back here with
the disagreement of the Senate to our amendment;
we insisted, and sent it back to the Senate; the
Senate adhered to their disagreement; we again
insisted, and asked a committee of conference;
and a committee was accordingly appointed. The
Senate agreed to the conference, and appointed a
committee on their part. The conferees met, and
agreed on reducing the three millions to $800,000;
thus making the whole bill contain appropria-
tions to the amount of $1,789,000. After the
conferees had agreed, the chairman of the com-
mittee On1 the part of this"House [Mr. Cambre-
lkng] refased to report to the House, and the
whole bill was thereby finally lost.
After this short history of the origin and pro-
gress of the bill through both Houses, the next
inquiry will be, why was the bill lost? and if there
be blame and cause of censure anywhere, who is
in fault ?
This part of the inquiry has been somewhat
anticipated by what I have already said. I main-
tain the proposition, that those in this House who
voted against the three million appropriation are
not to blame, nor can any censure be alleged
against the Senate. The Administration party had
a decided majority in this House, and the com- !
plete and entire control of the standing commit-,
tees; they could bring forward a measure when
they pleased, or keep it back as long as they
pleased. Then I ask, nay, demand, why did they
not bring forward the proposition for the three
million appropriation sooner? Our relations with
France were then in about the same situation they
had been for some weeks before; no change—no
recent information had been received on the sub-
ject; there is nothing in the whole matter to jus-
tify- the withho'ldirig the demand for the appro-
priation to so late a period; and if it was really
lost for want of time, who are answerable for it?
The answer is obvious. Those in power, and
whose business it was to bring forward the prop-
osition. This House and the Senate acted on the
subject with unusual promptitude and dispatch.
The gentleman from New York has said that
the hour of twelve o'clock had arrived before the
committee of conference met, and that he believed
the House dissolved by the Constitution at twelve
o'clock. If this were hisopinion, why, then, meet
at all ? When he was called on for a report from
the committee of conference, he gave this consti-
tutional opinion as one of the reasons why he
would not report, which reads in these words:
"Mr. CAJTBRELexo, the chairman of the conferees on
th« part of this House, then rosé, and stated that he de-
clined to make report of the proceedings of the committee
of conference aforesaid, on the ground that, from the vote on
the resolution granting compensation to Robert P.Letcher,
Which vote was decided at the time ttie committee returned
into the House from the conferenee, it Was ascertained that
a quorum w*s not present; and further, that he declined
to make the said report, on the ground that the constitu-
tional term for which this House had been chosen had ex-
pired."
I will now turn trie attention of the House to
the Journal,   tn page 519, it reads as follows:
"A motion was then njade by Mr. Hubbard that the
House do ask á conference with ihe Senate on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the said amendment.
"And on the question, Will the House ask a conference?
" It passed in (he affirmative.    And
" Mr. CAHBHEtENa, Mr. Lewis, and Mr. Hdbbard, were
ttppoutted managers to conduct the said conference, on the
pat of this House."
The committee of conference was appointed, I
think, about ten o'clock at night. I had the
honor of then being a member, and an attentive
observer of all that passed. The House then
went on to do business to such an extent as to fill
up two pages and a half of the Jottrnar, when' the
I Cumberland road bill was taken up; and on that
| bill two of the committee of conference, Messrs.
Cambreleng and Hubbard voted in the negative,
(see Journal, page 522.) It will be perceived that,
at this time, the committee of conference was in
the House and voting. About one o'clock, a. m.,
the House voted on the resolution to pay Mr.
Letcher his per diem allowance when contesting
his seat with Major Mnore. Mr. Cambreleng
voted on thatalso; (see the Journal, page 324.) I
ask the gentleman from New York when did the
committee of conference meet ? He says after he
voted on the resolution to nay Mr. Letcher. I
ask him again, if you were in earnest about this
whole matter, and intended no trick, why did you
not go out before? Why did you stay, after your
appointment at ten o'clock, until one, before you
attempted to meet in conference, when, from your
own statement, you were of opinion the House
was dissolved at twelve? Is there not a palpable
dereliction of duty in not attending the committee
of conference sooner? The fact and truth is, the
gentleman was not remiss in meeting in confer-
ence. He did go after his appointment* and re-
turned before the Cumberland road bill was taken
up; but not liking the result of the conference,
or perhaps from some lurking desire to injure the
Senate, and cast the odium of the loss of the bill
on that body, would not report.
There is evidently a piece of political jugglery
in this whole business; and the gentleman from
New York and his confederates were the prime
movers and actors in the whole scene. The gen-
tleman says that there was no time to hold the
conference, after his appointment, until the Cum-
berland road bill was taken up. I repeat again
what I have said before, that there was business
transacted, enough to fill two and a half pages of
the Journal; and three speeches were made—one
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Ashley,]
to take up a bill relative to his State, and two by
I gentlemen from Maryland, against the bill from
I the Senate which abolished the Maryland and
Delaware judicial circuit. That reason of the
gentleman is unfounded in fact. The gentleman
has one of the two horns of the dilemma to take:
either to stand convicted of not going to confer-
ence until after twelve o'clock, when he then be-
lieved the House dissolved, and going after that
time and conferring, when he admits he had no
power to act as a member; the other alternative
is, that he went in time, returned in time, and
then refused to make the report.
So, take it any way that the question can be
presented, the loss of the bill is attributable to the
gentleman from New York, and none else. The
gentleman has one pleasing consolation left to
him: he stands, in relation to this House and this
great and wide-spreading Republic, in the same
position that the ancients believed Mount Atlas
did towards the heavens—he can bear it all upon
his own shoulders.
J The gentleman from Massachusetts attempts
| to throw the loss of the bill upon those who
believed the House to be constitutionally dis-
solved at twelve o'clock on the 3d of March last.
Although I then entertained that opinion, and
acted on it, which opinion I have not since
changed; yet, even if we were wrong, the gen-
tleman ought to'recollect that that error of opinion
does not exculpate the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cambreleng.] I ask the gentleman
[Mr. Adams] if it would not be wise and pru-
dent, in him at least, to see who is to be most I
affected by entertaining that opinion ? If there ¡
be error in it, will it fall heaviest upon your old
and" now deserted political friends, or your new
allies, whom you are now courting with such
marked attention and assiduity, and who, after
they use you, will not give you your expected
and hoped-for reward—no, not even the' thirty
pieces of silver? General Jackson entertained
that opinion, and acted upon it; Mr. "Van Buren
entertained that opinion, as a matter of course—
by instinct, I suppose. If my memory serves
me right, he held a short conversation in this
Hall that night with a gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Eeardsley,] who directly afterwards
refused to vote, as appears by the Journal, which
reads in these words:
" A motion was made by Mr. Jarvis that the House do
now adjourn.
"And, in deciding the question bv yeas and nays, the
name of Samuel BEARnst,EY,ofNew York, bein« called, he
declined to answer, on the ground that the term for which
the meninas ofthu Twenty-Third Congiess had been elect-
ed had expired ; and that, according to the Constitution of
the United States, this House had ceased at twelve o'clock
to night to exist.
" Alter some remarks and suggestions from various mem-
bers and from the Chair, it was informally agreed to pass the
name of Mr. Beardsi.ey,"
This argument of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is a two-edged sword, and when wielded
by him, cuts ten of his new associates for one of
his old friends.
I, however, do not much censure the gentleman
for entertaining the opinion that the President
and Congress can each hold their offices, one after
the four years, and the other the two years ex-
pire. How long after the time shall expire they
can continue in office, he does not state; at least
long enough, I suppose, to do what they desire,
and to finish what they have on hand. This
question revives his ancient recollections and
reminiscences. 1 once heard of a President who,
between midnight and day, and that, too, after
his four years had expired, made a batch ofjudges
to rewa>rd some of the high-toned Federalists of
the old school for past services.
I have remarked that I differed on that night
with many of my friends about the time when
Congress was dissolved by the Constitution. If
I can obtain the indulgence and patient attention
of the House, I will submit a few remarks in
support of my opinion. The Constitution of the
United States, in relation to Representatives, in
the second section of the first article, reads in
these words:
" The House of Representatives shall be composed of
members chosen every second year by the people of the
several States ; and the electors in each State shall have
the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numer-
ous branch of the State Legislature."
And in relation to the election of President,
article second, section the first, reads as follows:
"The executive power shall be vested in a President of the
United States of America. He shall hold his office during
the term of four years, and, together with the Vice Presi-
dent, chosen for the same term, be elected as follows,"
&c.
The time, place, and manner of electing Repre-
sentatives are, by the Constitution, left to the
States. The provision on that subject reads in
these words:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed in each
State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may, at
any time, by law, make or alter such regulations, except as
to the places of choosing Senators."
From these provisions in the Constitution of the
United States, it is clear and manifest that a Rep-
resentative is elected for two years, and the Pres-
ident for four years. When does the time com-
mence ? is the next subject of inquiry. Not at
the time of election, for the President is elected
the fall before the 4th of March; his election is
complete when the electors give him a plurality
of votes; the mode of ascertaining that fact has
nothing to do with the time of election. Repre-
sentatives are chosen for two years; the two years
cannot commence from the time of the election,
because the States regulate the times of the elec-
tion of their respective members, and hardly any
two States elect at the same time; consequently,
there would be no uniformity as to the time of
commencement or termination of the two years.
Frequently members are elected more than a year
before the Congress commences of which they are
members; and the same man who is elected, is,
At the time of election, a member of a preceding
Congress, and serves one session in it after his
election to a succeeding Congress.
The Constitution did not, in the body of it, say
when the time should commence, and when end.
The reason is obvious. The convention did not
know when nine States would ratify the Consti-
tution; and, until then, the time when the Gov-
ernment under it should commence, could not be
fixed; hence, no time is fixed on in the Constitu-
tion for the commencement of the Government.
The convention adopted a resolution, which reads
in these words:
" Resolved, That it is the opinion of this convention that
as soon as the conventions of nine States shall have ratified
this Constitution, the United States in Congress assembled
should fix, a day on which electors should be appointed py.
the States' which shall have ratified the same, and a day
