1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
705
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Hardin.
Ho. of Reps.
pn « hicli the electors should avertible to vote for the Pres-
ident, .uid the time and place lor commencing proceedings 1
mutt r '111- Constitution.    Phat, alter such publication, the
ele. tor. should I  app tinted, and the Senators and Itepre
sentttnes eleoti d     Tint the elector* should met t on 'he
cii\ nv'd tor 'he election ofthe President, and should trans-
mit tinir vote-, certified, -lined, sealed, and directed,-is
t!i- Co isti'iuiou requ're . to Uie Semtary it the united
ft ite- in Congress assembled , th.u 'he Sen itors and !!• p
resentitue-should convene at 'he time and place assigned,
that the Senators should appoint a President ot the Senate,
for the sole purpose ol receiving, opening, and counting
the une- tor President, and th.it. alter he shall be cho-en,
die Congrí «s, tog ther with the Prtsidi nt, -hould, without
ddai. prtceed to execute this Constitution "
This resolution declared that Congress, when
the ratification ofthe nine States took place, should
fix on a d ly when the Government should com-
mence. Congress did designate the day by a
resolution, which reads in these words:
•• Resolved. That the lir-t Wednesday in January next be
the da.v lor app inning electors in the several States which
before the «aid da\ -hall have ratified the said Constmnon ¡
that the first Wednesday in February nevt be the Jav tor
the electors to assemble in their respective States, and vote
Tor a Pre-ident; and that the first Wednesday in March
Í4th] m\t be the time, and the present -eat of Congress
New York] the place, for commencing proceedings under
the said Constitution."
By this resolution of Congress, the 4th of
March, 1789, was the day fixed on by Congress.
On that day, the present Government was to com-
mence under the Constitution, and on that day it
did commence.
The caption to the acts of the First Congress
proves that the Government ofthe United States
commenced on the 4th of March 1789, which
caption reads in these words:
"\ets ofthe First Congress ofthe United States, passed
at the fir--t session, which was begun and held at the citv
af New York, in the State of New York, on Wednesday,
March 4, 1789, and ended September ¿9, the same year."
The 4th of March, 1789, after being fixed on by
Congress, in pursuance of a resolution of the
convention, is just as binding as if it were in-
serted in the Constitution itself. It is the exe-
cution of a power; and when the execution takes
place in strict conformity to the power, it then
becomes the act of those giving the power.
The term of each President is for four years,
the first term having commenced on the 4th of
March, 1789. When did General Washington's
first term commence ? The answer is, on the 4th
of March, 1789; his second term on the 4th of
March, 1793; and the term of office of each of his
successors has been computed in the same way
from that time to the present. The same rule of
construction is to be resorted to as to Represent-
atives, except that their term of service is two
years. Surely, Mr. Speaker, there can be no
doubt, dispute, or controversy, as to the day when
the time shall commence to run.
What is the time that completes one year?
Suppose we begin on New Year's day: the answer
is, the last day of the December following, which
completes the three hundred and sixty-five days.
Every negro that has been hired out on a New
Year s day for a year, knows the year is out on
the last day of December following. The week has
seven days: suppose we begin with Monday, are
not the seven days completed on Sunday ? 1 am
elected for two years: if my time commences on
the 4th of March, is it not out on the 3d of March
two years thereafter? Let us see how the law
computes twenty-one years, the age of maturity
for a man or woman. Blackstone's Commenta-
ries, first volume, page 463, reads in these words:
" So that full age in male or female is twenty-one year ,
which age is completed on the day preceding the anniver-
sary of a person's birth."
That the Representative's term of service com-
mences on the 4th of March every two years,
and expires on the 3d of March two years after-
wards, is a position so plain that none can gain-
say it—no one attempts to dispute it. The whole
question comes to this at last: when does the 4th
of March commence, and when does the 3d of
March, two years afterwards, end? The law
makes no fraction of a day; the legal time, as
universally settled, is, that the day begins at
midnight and ends at midnight: in the computa-
tion of time, the law knows no night. Suppose
a man wore under trial for Sabbath-breaking,
ind the proof was he broke the Sabbath on Sun-
day morning between daybreak and sunrise;
would any judge or jury let him off upon the
No. 45
ground that it was on Saturday he committed the ,
act' Or suppose it was proven that the person
under trial did the deed alleged against him (say,
went to plowing) on Monday morning, ten min-
utos before sunrise, would any judge dare say
that was Sunday, and he was guilty of Sabbath-
breaking' Our Constitution must be construed-
as any other part of our law would, for it is a
part of the law of the land. This mode of com-
puting time has been long regulated by mankind,
and it is now too late to "dispute it.
The conduct of gentlemen who contended last
session that the computation should be made
from sunrise to sunrise, and that Congress could '
continue its session till sunrise the 4th of March, j
distrusted their own opinion; and it was only as
the las t alternative that they were driven to assume
that ground.
On the last night of the last session there were a
number of bills on the Clerk's table; each bill had
its friends. About ten o'clock it was perceived
that the bills, or some of them, would be lost for
want of time. A clock-maker in this city was
procured and conveyed behind the clock of this
Hall; he moved the hands back eighteen minutes.
1 saw it done, and announced the fact to those
who sat near me. Immediately afterwards, when
the eyes of fifty gentlemen were on the clock, its
hands were moved back one hour more. Then a
member from North Carolina proclaimed the fact
to the House. I have since been informed that
the man who had this done was then a member
of Congress, and has since boasted of it; and that
he procured it to be done to get a favorite meas-
ure he was interested in through the House. Why
did he do it> Because he was of opinion that the
time would expire at midnight; yet the same man
was arrayed with those who afterwards contended
that sunrise was the time next morning, and not I
midnight.
Mr. Speaker, I had on that night the consola-
tion to find I did not stand alone in my opinion.
A large part ofthe members present agreed with ,
me, and some of the ablest constitutional lawyers '
ofthe House were ofthe number; among whom
I now recollect were two members from Georgia, '
Messrs. Foster and Gilmer, Mr. Archer, from
Virginia, and a gentleman from Ohio, who is a
member ofthe present Congress; and on that ac-
count I cannot designate him by name.    He is a
man of great talents, and an able lawyer.   This
description, I fear, will not enable me to point
him out to the House, as it is equally applicable
to a number of gentlemen from that State.
Sir, as it respects myself, I voted against the
three million appropriation, because I then, and
do now believe the amendment, as drawn up, was
unconstitutional, and highly impolitic. To this
point I intend, in a few moments, to call the at-
tention of the House; but, before I doit, a remark
of the gentleman from Massachusetts demands
some notice. It was intended as an apology for
the Administration party in not asking Congress
for the three millions sooner, and why the Exec-
utive did not lequire the money, and that it de-
volved on Congress to act without such require-
ment. He said it was the unanimous vote of this
House, given the day before the amendment was
offered, that superinduced the necessity of the
appropriation. I deny the fact. What was that
vote which was alluded to by the gentleman ? It
was nothing more or less than this: that we would
stand by the treaty, and insist on its execution.
We intended to say to France, Our demands
against you are closed by the treaty; the sum you
are to pay is settled definitely; and we will not
open the contest again, and reinvestigate our de-
mands That was what was intended by the first
member of the resolution, which resolution reads
in these words:
" Remlvcd, That, in the opinion of this House, the treaty
with Fiance ofthe 4th of July, 1831, should be maintained
and its execution insisted on."
The second member ofthe resolution, that we
would insiston its execution, means no more than
this: that we held the highest and most solemn >
obligation on France that a nation could give,
and that we would insist on its fulfillment. But,
did it point out how and in what manner we in-
tended to insist' Did it say we intended to resort
to arms, the last argument of nations' I answer '
no.    We carefully foiebore to say, or even to in- I
tímate, what we intended to do. Our intention
was to regulate our conduct by the subsequent
action of the French. We, in truth and fact, de-
signed doing nothing until the French Chambers
should have an oppoitunity again to acton the
bill appropriating the twenty-five millions ot"
francs. We were desirous to wait, and suspend
action, until we should see what a sense of justice
would do with the French people, or what the
feelings of shame would do when the reprobation
ofthe nations of the civilized world was pointed
towards them for a breach of national faith in not
fulfilling the treaty stipulations on their part. I,
for one, never thought of such an appropriation
being asked for, and of this demand being based
on the resolution ofthe House. I believe it is
an afterthought of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and that he himself did not then suppose
that such an appropriation became necessary in
consequence of the adoption of the resolution.
Connected with the observations of the gen-
tleman just noticed, he made another, on which
I feel bound to animadvert. It was to this im-
port: that for three days a number of members
spoke against the resolution, and then, in a
crouching spirit of pusillanimity, turned round,
and voted for it, not daring to meet the just in-
dignation and reprobation of their constituents at
home. I was one of those who spoke on that
occasion against a resolution; and then voted
for that which passed; but I deny that that de-
bated for three days was the one which passed.
The one that was adopted and passed by the
House was worded to meet the views of all the
gentlemen; because, upon a great question of
national difficulty with a foreign nation, and par-
ticulaily with a nation of tremendous power,
nothing could be more desirable than unanimity.
The resolution against which the speeches were
made contained, among other things, an expres-
sion that we would insist on the treaty " at all
hazards." That expression we thought unbe-
coming the dignity of this nation. To say we
insist on the treaty was enough, and all we ought
to have said, let the rest and residue be under-
stood, which is no less nor more than this: that
we knew our rights, and would. In a becoming
spirit of moderation and true dignity, maintain
them; that the pride of the people should not be
wounded and humbled in the affair; and that the
honor of the nation should come out of the con-
test, be its results whatever it might, unstained
and untarnished. Did it become us to vapor
Iikeabully,byusing the words " atall hazards?"
It is no certain indication that a man is going to
I make a desperate battle in defense of his rights
and honor because he gasconades, and deals out
menaces and blows in the empty air, before he
begins to fight. I have ever considered it as the
certain sign of a coward; that fear is his ruling
passion; and that he either wants to intimidate
his adversary, or goad himself up to the fighting
point by his rage and fury. The words " at all
hazards" as little became usasitsuited the occa-
sion. To whom was it addressed? To the
most sensitive, powerful, gallant, and chivalrous
nation upon the earth. We wanted France to do
us justice. We did not want war, although we
did not fear it. The Americans know not fear.
The bullying expressions of "at all hazards"
would have produced an effect directly opposite
to what we desired.
I well recollect what took place in those days,
ever memorable for the debates which took place,
and not less memorable for the part the gentle-
man from Massachusetts played on that occasion;
and certainly no expression, when applied to his
conduct during that time, suits as well as the
word play. He would speak on one day on one
side of the question, as the House understood
him, and the next day explain it away, and ad-
vance a contrary doctrine. He alternated in this
manner some two or three times. I had the honor
of addressing the House after his last speech. I
commenced my remarks by saying that the law
in relation to wills always considered the last
will as controlling or revoking all other wills
made on the same subject; or, if there was but
one will, with contradictory provision , the last
clause controlled the previous ones; and, with
that rule as my guide on the then present occa-
sion, I should consider the speech which the hon-
