706
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 28,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Hardin.
Ho. of Reps.
orahle gentleman from Massachusetts had just
made as his last will and testament of and con- j
cenvng our Fivneh relations. Mr. Archer ¡m- !
mediated'.- remarked that the rule I had laid down
was correct, but one explanation ought to be
given: that was. that ¡he testator, when he made
his last will was of sound mind and disposing
memory, and when that rule was applied, he
doubted whether the gentleman had made a will
&t all.
Mr. Speaker, I remarked, a few moments ago,
that I intended to question and contest the con-
stitutionality of the amendment to the fortifica-
tion bill, which contained the appropriation of
three million dollars. The Constitution of the
United States has the following orovision in it:
'• Xj money shall bo drawn from llie Treasury, but in
consequ"iico of appropriations made bylaw; and a rrgular
statement and account of the receipt* and expenditures
of all public inoaey shall be published from time to tune."
From this clause in the Constitution, no money
can be drawn from the public Treasury unless
Congress shall first appropriate it by law. To
do that in the true spirit and intention of the Con-
stitution, the law appropriating the money must
say to which object of public service it shall be
applied. The more particularly the objects are
described and designated, the better does the law
fulfill the requirements of the Constitution. If
Congress were not bound in duty to name spe-
cially the object to which the appropriation was
made, why not pass a general law, and say the
whole revenue of the country should be used by
General Jackson for the general welfare of the
nation, as he may deem proper and expedient?
or say that $25,000,00(1,"or any other given sum,
was set apart for the government of the nation,
to be expended at the will and pleasure of the
President?
The members of Congress come here to assist
in administeringthis Government—to see to every
part, the Army, Navy, and civil Departments, and
every subdivision of each; how many men are
wanted for the Army; what pay they shall have;
how many vessels of war, and what description
of vessels, the.public service requires; in short,
nothing that concerns the nation, in its most mi-
nute details, ought to be overlooked or neglected
by Congress, but each branch of the public busi-
ness attended to and provided for; to see just as
much money is appropriated to each as is neces-
sary, and no more; and that every dollar which
is expended is rightly applied, as directed by
Congress.
The clear and certain meaning of the word
appropriates from the force of the term taken in
connection with the subject-matter, means a speci-
fication of each object to which the money is to
be applied; and too much care cannot be taken
in the details of the appropriation, and in their
rigid application to the specific objects. We are
but the agents of our constituents; it is their
money we vote away. We are bound to know
the why and wherefore it is asked and granted.
Let us apply these rules to the amendment which
proposed to appropriate the $3,000,000. The
amendment reads in these words:
" And be it farther enacted, That the sum of $3,000,000
be, iind the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be expended,
in whole or in part, under the direction of the President of
the United States, for the military and naval service, in-
cluding fortifications and ordnance, and increase of the
Navy: Prodded, Such expenditures shall be rendered
necessary for the defense of the country prior to the next
meeting of Congress."
It is for the military and naval service, including
fortifications. As to how much is to be expended
on each object, the amendment is totally silent.
The whole sum may be expended on the Army,
Navy, or fortifications, at the will and pleasure
of the President; or he may, at his like will and
pleasure, refuse to expend one dollar on anyone
of these objects.
But suppose all or a part was to be expended
on the Army; for what part of that service was
it to be expended ? How was it to be applied?
The amendment is silent. The same remarks
will apply to the Navy and fortifications. Where
is the difference in the amendment, as drawn,
and the general standing law, giving to the Pres-
ident a sum in gross, say $25,000,000 a year, to
carry on the Government as he chooses?
It is a duty which we owe to our constituents
to see to the proper application of every dollar
of their money to their Government; for it is their
Government yet, at least nominally, and not the
President's.
Mr. Speaker, there are momentous and mighty
considerations which ought to induce Congress
to be watchful over the purse of the nation, ilec-
olect the President, by the Constitution, already
has the sword of the nation; give him the purse
also, and we are an undone people. I do not
speak with reference more to the present Presi-
dent than to any other who may come after him.
The power and patronage of the President are
enormous anil alarming to all lovers of civil lib-
erty. The Executive of this Republic has more
real and substantial power this day than any
crowned head in Europe. Satiated with the en-
joyment of his power, he is about to retire; and,
to show his contempt for the American people,
he is about to put one of his minions into his
office as his successor, whose only merit is his
servile boast that " it was glory enough to have
, served under such a chief."
What way is left to us by the Constitution to
diminish, check, and control ? No way but one:
that is, not to give one dollar of the people's money
away more than is necessary to carry on the Gov-
ernment, and every dollar wc give to see how and
in what manner it shall be expended, and to guard
with great vigilance that it shall be expended in
no other way.
The Government of Great Britain is a mon-
' archy, but the Kingof thatgreatand mighty nation
, has not the tenth part of the real power that the
President of the United States has, and which he
exercises in its fullest plenitude, day after day. In
that country the people govern and control every-
thing: here, the will of General Jackson is almost
omnipotent. There, the people can say to their
King, emancipate your Catholic subjects, and their
chains burst from around them. They can say
what law they want passed, and he is obliged to
sign the bill—no veto there—he dare not exercise
it, at the peril of his head. They can bid him
make peace, if the nation be at war, and peace
he must make. They can tell him to dismiss his
ministry, and they must go out of office. The
power of the people, the Duke of Wellington, the
favorite of the King, the pride of the nobility, and
the conqueror in a thousand battles, has experi-
enced upon several occasions.
You will ask, Mr. Speaker, how is it that the
"voice of the people reaches the King on his mag-
nificent throne, and makes the nobility tremble
at its footstool? I answer, by the simplest prin-
ciple imaginable, which is ingrafted in their Gov-
ernment; that is, to withhold the appropriation
bills until the King and ministry do as they com-
mand and order to be done. I tell to every man
in this House, and to every man in this nation,
this solemn truth: cither to abridge the power of
the President by altering the Constitution, or con-
trol the President by the appropriation bill; refuse
him the money, and he will be as powerless as
Sampson was after his hair was cut off". The vile
creatures who now administer to his power go in
for "the spoils." Cato the elder, in the Roman
Senate, for a number of years, regardless on what
subject he made a speech, concluded them all
alike—that "Carthage must be destroyed;" so
the members on this floor ought to conclude every
speech with these words,until the object is effected
—that the President's power has increased, is
increasing, and ought to be diminished.
I have made these remarks upon the constitu-
tionality of the amendment, drawn in the general
terms in which it was; and that it did not, in
consequence of its generality of expression, and
its manifest want of specification, conform to the
spirit and intention of the Constitution.
The next point to which I contemplate inviting
the attention of the House, is the impolicy of the
appropriation. It will be recollected that all the
appropriation bills for the current expenses of the
year had passed, containing appropriations for
every part of the public service, to the full extent
of the estimates. The fortification bill as amended
by the Senate, was for a larger sum than usual.
If this House had concurred in the amendment,
without adding the three millions, the bill would
then  have  passed  both Houses; and nothing
would have been necessary to make it a law but
the signature of the President.
The three million amendment must therefore
be considered as a war measure; not positive
absolute, and certain, but left to the President
for him to adopt, or not, at his pleasure. War
preparations and war itself belong alone to Con-
gress; to adopt the one, and make proclamation
of the other. In no event should the President
be permitted to hold in the palm of one hand war,
and in the other the olive branch of peace. The
people are to do all the fighting, and they alone
should determine on war. Of all the men on this
earth, a military man is the last to be trusted with
this power. His character has been made by
war; he has studied it as a science, followed it as
a profession, and considers it necessary to his
popularity and glory.
It was impolitic to confide such a powerin the
hands of General Jackson. The fitness of every
man for the trust about to be intrusted to him
ought to be considered and weighed well before
the act is done. What I might be willing to
confide to Jefferson, were he President, I might
be unwilling to confide to Jackson. I might be
willing to leave peace or war to Jefferson, and
unwilling to commit the same power to Jackson.
So, on the other hand, I would confide to Jack-
son the command of an army, when I would not
to Jefferson. But, in truth and fact, as I have
before said, I would not leave the alternative of
peace or war to any President. Nevertheless, this
House proposed, by the amendment, to commit
to General Jackson that delicate trust and duty,
which, of all men living, he was the worst qual-
ified to discharge. Had the amendment passed,
instead of being at peace with France, as we now
are—and there is every hope and prospect of its
continuance—wes should this day, no doubt, have
been in the midst of a wide-spreading and bloody
war.
To decide impartially upon the conduct of those
who voted against the appropriation of last ses-
sion, (for the gentleman from Massachusetts has
arraigned us all at the great bar of public opinion,)
let.us see and examine the position of this Gov-
ernment and that of France,in their relations with
each other, at the time the appropriation was
asked for.
During the Imperial Government of Bonaparte
aggressions and spoliations lo a great extent were
committed by the subjects of that Emperor npon
the private property of our merchants on the high
seas. The amount of injury was variously esti-
mated by the two Governments. These injuries
were inflicted near thirty years ago. Satisfaction
was demanded by this Government of Bonaparte,
which was denied. After his dethronement, and
the restoration of the Bourbons, a like demand
for reparation was made by this Government of
Louis XVIII. He refused to make satisfaction.
After his death, and on the accession of Charles
X. to the throne, indemnity was demanded of
him, which hedelayed and failed to render. When
Louis Philippe was made King in 1830, indem-
nities were demanded of him by our Government.
He immediately opened a negotiation on the sub-
ject, and ultimately agreed to pay 25,000,000
francs, out of which were to be deducted 1,500,000
which the United Slates owed a subject of France,
leaving $4,700,000 to be paid by the Government
of the French to the citizens of the United States
—that being 23,500,000 francs. This money could
not be paid by the King of the French until the
Chambers should appropriate it. The constitu-
tion of France is exactly like our own on this
subject; and I have no doubt that La Fayette, who
was concerned in making it, had our Constitution
in his view.
The King and his ministers can make treaties,
and stipulate for the payment of money; but it
is the constitutional right of the Chamber of
Deputies alone to vote the appropriation, or not,
as they please. So with our Government; the
President and Senate can make treaties, and stip-
ulate for the payment of money, but Congress
alone can appropriate it. The part of the French
Constitution to which I refer reads in these
words:
"13. The King is the supreme head of the State. He
commands the forces by land and sea, declares war, makes
treaties of peace, alliance, and commerce, appoints to all
