1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
707
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Hardin.
Ho. of Reps.
emplomen!  m 'he public administration, and irnkes the
reeiilumn-ind oidiiiiiui  mu  irj tor the eucuuon of
the I in-, without ever Invine the pomr either to suspend
the li«  tin motive-, or to uVpen«e « ith their e\ecimon
\ o lor  lull lr> >P~ l'o« e  < r, c in be admitted into the ser
Mil of thi snte but hy \irtiu of 11iw
"14 Tin Itsi-HtiM. power i etirci-ed collective!* by
the Kins; the Chamber ol Peers, and the Clnmber ol Dep-
ulu-
1 > The proposition ot laws belongs to the Kins, the
Clnmber of I'ttrs, md the Clnmber of Deputies Ni ver
thele-«, evi r\ livv ol taiesinust lie first voted b\ the Cham
berot Deputies
' lo Ewrv law must be freel\ discussed, and voted by
tin mijoritj ot eich ol tile two Clninlier  "
The Fiench King and his mimsteis presented
the bill for the appropuanon to the Chambers,
and, aftei a long and angiy debate, it was rejected
by a vote of 163 for it, and 176 against it.
The moment the bill failed in the Chambers,
the Fiench Government sent an apology to ours
for the failuie, and pledged the faith of the Gov-
ernment again to bung the subject before the
Chambers at its next session.
Thus the matter stood at the time this war
measure was about to be adopted, and those ex-
tiaordinaiy powers confided to the President at
the last sesión. For voting against this bill, thus
circumstanced, has the new boinzea.1 and patuot-
ismof the gentleman from Massachusetts prompt-
ed him to file this his bill of indictmentagainst us,
and, for one, if there be guilt in it, I plead guilty.
The Minister of France who negotiated the
tieaty, infoimed our Ministei that the power to
appropriate the money belonged to the Chambers
alone, and that he was fearful there would be great
difficulty in procuiing the passage of a law to pay
the money. All that the King and his ministers
piomised to do, or could accomplish, was done.
An unnecessary delay is alleged, in presenting
the bill to the Chambers. I am not able to say
whether there was such delay, or not, as would
subject them to the imputation of negligence, as
I have no acquaintance with the forms and lules
of proceedings in the Chambers. In fact, none
can tell, situated as we are, whethei there was
this unnccessaiy dtlay or not. In presenting a
bill for the action of this House, or the French
Chambers, I presume some attention must not
only be paid to the forms of proceeding, but a
well exercised prudence and discretion would re-
quire an attention to the more material and sub-
stantial part; that is, to see that Congiess,or the
Chambers, were well disposed towards the meas-
ure This circumspection and vigilance is abso-
lutely necessary in the French Chambeis, where
the ministers are in danger of being turned out of
office, if the bill be ¡ejected. One rule is nevei
to be overlooked: delay the bill until there is a
well grounded hope of its passage.
Suppose, Mr. Speakei, the Piesident and Senate
were to stipulate, in a treaty, to pay a sum of
money—say $5,000,000—and Congress should
refuse to appropriate the money, would there be
any cause of war against the United States on
that account' Surely not. It is the constitutional
right of Congress either to vote or refuse the
money, and if that were known to the nation to
which the money was to be paid before the treaty
was made, then there would not be the shadow
of a pretext for a resort to war. The faith of the
treaty-making pow er would be viola'ed, it is true,
which faith all nations should be careful to pre-
serve. Let us apply this position to the French
Government. The constitution of the French,
and ours, are alike in this particular. It is the
sole republican feature in their constitution. And
shall the only republic in the world go to war
with this nation for exercising the great and
inalienable right in the people either to give or
aefuse their money as they please'
I have remarked, Mr. Speaker, that the refusal
to appropriate the money at the last session has,
I do verily believe, saved this nation from the
horrors of war at this moment. France might
have considered it as a war measure pointed at
her, and have immediately struck the blow; as,
by the usages of nations, she would have had the
right to do When two nations have difficulties
and collisions with each other, in this situation,
if either commences preparations for war,  he
other has the right to commence hostilities imme-
diately This principle has been considered as
the settled law of nations in Europe for one hun-
dred and fifty years past.
The probability is that the French, who have
never refused to accept a challenge, would in this
light have considered our law, had it passed, and
instantly have made a dash at our extended, wide-
spreading, and immense commerce, with her
whole navy
On the other hand, when an extraordinary
number of our ships should have been put in
commission, manned, officered, and sent to sea,
flushed with the spirit of enterprise, and panting
for war, would there not have been great danger
that some of our young hotspurs might have
biought it on by firing into a French vessel'
And one gun fired on either side upon the ships
of the other, m the irritated state of public feeling,
would have lighted up the flames of war, which
would have been seen and felt all over this
world.
I think, Mr. Speaker, that, instead of standing
as criminals at the bar of public opinion, and the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts prosecuting those
who voted against the measure, they are entitled
to the thanks of the nation, and the gratitude of
the humane, philanthropic, and religious part of
the world. The brave man and the soldier equally
look on war as an evil, and the scourge of man-
kind
I have, Mr. Speaker, taken but one view of the
impolicy of the measure, there are other and
more impoitant consideiations connected with
this subject, to which I now intend to call the
attention of the House These considerations
aie applicable as well to our relations with France
last session as at present, and, as we have now
on our tables bills containing avowedly war ap-
piopnations to the amount of ten or fifteen mil-
lions, I shall, in my vindication of our conduct
last session, occasionally refer to the present wai
measures now in agitation, and, in doing that, I
shall only be following the example set me by
others.
By the postponement last session of all war
preparations, the bill to pay the five million dol-
lars passed into a law by the law-making power
of France The payment of the money is with-
held untj some explanations shall be made by
the President, that, in his message to Congress
last session, he did not intend to impeach the in-
tegrity of the French nation, or question the
honor of the King. The President says, indi-
vidually, he did not, but, like a technical lawyer,
specially demurs, and says. " What I said was
in my message to Congress, it was not addiessed
to you, and you have no right to notice it." It
is a departure in pleading And thus the matter
now stands, alike reproachful to both paities.
What an extraordinary spectacle is presented
for the world to look upon and marvel at' Two
of the mostpoweifuland most enlightened nations
in the world, old friends and allies, about to spill
each other's blood in torrents, when this day
there is nothing left to dispute about—nothing
between them but ministeual etiquette, diplo-
matic jugglei y, and special pleading '
Mr Speaker, it requires no small portion of
moral couiage for a mar on this floor to speak
his sentiments freely and independently on the
great question now before us. We are in the mi-
nority in this House, which to s^me men is dis-
heaitening Our opponents are flushed with the
victories gained at the late elections ovo- the
Union. The majority, with which we are sur-
rounded and overwhelmed, cries aloud for war.
We heard it last session repeatedly, and have
heard the same tocsin of alarm and intimidation
sounded this yeai. It has been proclaimed that
there were two great parties in the House—an
American and a French party—the patriot and
the traitor; one íeady to defend,and the other to
betray and destroy his country. When we are
virtually charged with treason, the charge is re-
ceived with shouts of applause by a part of the
members of this House, and, instead of being the
hall in which assemble the congregated wisdom
of the United States, it wears every appearance
of a place for a mob to meet. I will not be dis-
pirited, I will not be brow-beaten; my constitu-
ents shall be heard; they have faced the enemy
in the field, and I will face them here. I will
speak nothing but what, if here, I believe they
would approve. It becomes every man, on this
great and momentous question of peace or wat,
to come out full and fair—if for war, say so; if for
peace, let it also be known Those of us who are
against war ought not to stand back and be silent,
but do all we can to stop it But if the time shall
come when a majority shall declare war, then op-
position ceases to be a virtue, and all sides and
parties ought to unite and fight it out like men.
Should any one then give back, denounce him as
a traitor. If that aw ful day of trial shall come,
and our foes are to be met on the battle-field, my
constituents will be able proudly to compare with
those of the gentlemen fiom Massachusetts and
North Carolina; and in the comparison they will
not suffer.
My opinion and advice is, that we ought not
to be hasty and rash in this matter. Let us wait,
at least, until towaids the end of the session,
when we can hear from France. There is every
hope, every probability, that the dispute will be
amicably adjusted, and the money paid. Delay
last session effected the passage of the bill to pay
the money by the French Chambers. There ia
nothing of real difficulty between the two nations.
All the supposed grounds of quarrel are the veri-
est diplomatic cobwebs. The opinion of the
civilized woild is against going to war for such,
a trifle; and public sentiment in a few months,
here and in France, and among the other nations
of the earth, may do a great deal towards the
restoiation of peace and harmony.
Gentlemen say we must fight, or the national
honor will be tarnished, and we shall be dis-
graced in the eyes of mankind. If I believed
the honor, fame, and character of the Republic
required the sacufice of war on our pait, I should
not hesitate a moment. No honorable man, no
pioud, high-minded nation, can pause one second
between dishonor and war. But I do not believe
the character of the Amei lean people will suffer,
even if we should not plunge headlong into this
wai.
Mr. Speaker, let us again call to mind what
this dispute is about, and not, in high-sounding
phrases and pompous heroics, played off in this
House, lose sight of it.
The insult which was offered to our flag was
offered by Bonaparte near thirty years ago. The
American property which was captured on the
high seas was his act. It was done by his orders,
under his Berlin and Milan decrees, and by his
courts of admiralty were the vessels and cargoes
condemned and ordered to be sold. If the honor
of the nation suffered, it suffered then. He would
make no atonement for the insults offeied to us
and injuries done to our property. We did not
then think of wai, we pocketed the insult, and
turned it into a money business, by demanding a
pecuniary indemnity. Even that was refused by
that pioud and haughty Emperor. The like satis-
faction was demanded of his successors, Louia
XVIII. and Charles X ,which they refused. Louis
Philippe, after a lapse of near thirty years, has
agreed to pay for the injuries done, and, because
some delays have taken place in the French Cham-
bers in relation to the appropriation of the money,
we now declaim about the insults originally
offered, and describe pathetically the sufferings of
our merchants one or two generations ago.
A man is injured and outraged in his person
and property; he has two remedies before him;
eithei to fight for the insult, or to go to law, and
demand an indemnity in money commensurate to
the extent of the injury sustained. If he demands
satisfaction in money, he waives the other rem-
edy. It is in vain to talk about honor afterwards
in that affair. But suppose we can y the con-
panson and parallel still further. Suppose th¿
original offender should die; an executor is a t-
pointed, and he dies; and then an administrate/
de bonis non is appointed, who gives his bond for
the money, but does not immediately pay at the
day appointed; is it an insult if any delay takes
place? Certainly not. If my debtor owes me,
and is able to pay,and still delays payment, whose
character suffers in the transaction, his or mine'
Most assuredly, his.
Mr. Speaker, I have endeavored to show that
in the pursuit of the demand against France, it
has become a moneyed affair altogether. If I have
been to any extent successful in establishing the
Eosition assumed, the next point of inquiry will
e, is it worth while to resort to the desperate
