710
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Advances for Florida War—Mr. Johnson.
Ho. of Reps.
other, but to our constituents and to our country.
Each member of this House holds the same rela- '
tion to his immediate constituents, and I am will-
in? to refer the conduct of each to that tribunal.
Tne whole nation is interested in the course pur-
sued by each member; and to the test of public
opinion throughout the whole country each indi-
vidual must submit; whether the award be censure
or applause, there can be no evasion or appeal.
It is'our part to act, and the part of the country to
judge of our actions.
When this murderous savage war broke out in
Florida, which has spread ruin and desolation to
many families, and half depopulated some fair
portions of that nourishing Territory, the hostile
trump was heard from Charleston to New Orleans;
and the patriotic citizens of South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, and Louisiana, not willing
to wait the dull delays of this House for author-
ity, while their fellow-citizens were bleeding
under the scalping-knife of the savages, flew to
arms, and hastened to their protection. The ser-
vice was national. It was no more incumbent
upon these States to protect Florida, than upon
otTier States; but without waiting to inquire
whether justice would be done by the nation, <
they met the impending danger. They justly re-
garded the citizens of that Territory as a branch
of the American family, and that was enough to
kindle in the bosoms of the chivalrous southerner
the fire of American patriotism. The palmetto
was lost in the eagle; and his talons were stretched
to grasp the hand which was lifted against their
countrymen. The bill now before us makes pro-
vision to defray the expense. The emergency
of the occasion did not admit of hesitancy, and
moneys were advanced in the city of Charleston,
and other towns in that and the other States, to
meet the exigency. The great question now is,
shall we authorize the payment? The honor and
future safety of the country require that there
shall be no hesitancy nor delay. Even while we
are wasting the time by cold deliberation upon
the subject, the threatening danger upon the
Georgia and Alabama frontiers may be bursting
into a flame, and demanding similar advances
upon the credit of our sense of national justice.
An awful responsibility awaits him who can
make this the unfortunate occasion for party
crimination,'for censures against the Adminis-
tration, and against the Committees of Ways and
Aleans and on Military Affairs. To produce de-
lay by complaints of irregularity, because the
measure has been proposed by a committee,
without an order from the House, or a reference
from the House of an Executive communication,
or by motions and debates in favor of committal,
is, in effect, to oppose the bill, or at least to de-
prive it, without any countervailing benefit, of
much of its utility.
It is not the method of proceeding on ordinary
occasions, to start objections upon these grounds;
and how can it be reconciled to a proper sense
of duty which we owe the country in a case like !
this, connected as it is with the Florida and the Í
Creek war?
I have been a member of Congress for many
Fears, and for more than twenty-five years have |
been honored as chairman of some important
committee; and during the whole of that period
the present mode of proceeding has been in prac-
tice. Whatever subject comes within the general
scope of duties for which a standing committee
is appointed, as well as subjects referred to them
by the House, it has been the uniform custom
for the committee to act upon, and report the re-
sult of such action to the House. This subject
has in like manner been deliberated upon by the
committee, and tha result of that deliberation is
presented in the bill before us. It is ¿imply \o
refund what has been liberally advanced in the
hour of danger by those patriotic States, at a
time when the honor and safety of our common
country required the advance for the use of the
nation, before the national coffers could be un-
locked for the purpose. Whether that money
was paid regularly, according to specified forms,
or not, or whether the requisitions in which it
was paid were drawn, verbatim et literatim, accord-
ing to the usual forms, is to me a matter of no
importance. If one of your family is perishing
with starvation, and your friend will purchase
food for his relief, you will not inquire into the
form in which he made the payment; it will be
sufficient for you to know that the benefit was
received. So in this case, it is sufficient for me
to know that the money was advanced; that it
was expended in the public service, and that the
country received its value. Deeds of patriotism
like this merit a public acknowledgment, rather
than a dull, protracted, reluctant compliance with
the imperative demand of justice. We should
faithfully and promptly refund the last cent ad-
vanced in such a case. We should do it because
it is the dictate of justice; because honor requires
it; because the character of this House and of
the whole nation demands it. We should do it
to show to the world that the impulse of patriot-
ism is not despised by a Republic; and to inspire
in our citizens a confidence that voluntary sacri-
fices in the extremity of danger shall be cheer-
fully and promptly remunerated.
The amendment proposed to the bill is merely
to explain a former law of a similar character.
It proposes to pay for the services of the volun-
teer militia who were called into service by the
commanding general in the first moments of the
Seminole war. The sudden rupture of the sav-
ages was like an unanticipated flame breaking
out in the midst of a city, which requires the
immediate exertions of the firemen to subdue. A
little delay would involve the whole town in irre-
coverable ruin. So the ravages of the Indians,
if permitted to pursue the work of devastation
till dispatches would be sent to the seat of Gov-
ernment, and an order issued from the Executive
for calling out the militia, would have completed
the work of destruction through the whole of the
country where it raged. The commanding gen-
eral, as in duty bound, called for militia aid to
check the ravages of this desolating war, and the
patrioticcitizens volunteered their services. They
were' gladly accepted. These are the citizen
soldiers, who have been braving the dangers, and
enduring the storm of that sanguinary conflict,
whose services have been recognized by the Gov-
ernment, that the amendment proposes to pay.
They made the first sacrifice in their country's
defense; met the danger at the threshold, and
voluntarily poured out their blood upon the altar
of their suffering country. We intended to pro-
vide for their pay, and thought we had done so
by a law already passed; but, in the multiplicity
of business, there was an accidental omission in
the framing of the law to meet their case. The
amendment proposed is only to give such an
extent to the application of that law as to embrace
the case of these men, and so carry into effect
our declared intention. Upon this bill and this
amendment, subjects as plainly just, and as clear
to the understanding as the simplest proposition
that could be stated, we are consuming the day,
and wasting the precious time of the House, in
animadversions that have no direct bearing upon
the subject. Is this the proper theme for intro-
ducing fastidious complaints and party denuncia-
tions against the administration of the Govern-
ment? Or are there no questions that can arise,
even upon the common measure of justice between
citizens and their Government, but what must be
converted into party strifes ?
Among other complaints, imputations have been
made against those who are conducting the war
in Florida, as if our regular officers, whose busi-
ness and whose duty it is to obey the orders of
afly Executive, were political partisans. These
censures are, at least, premature. The officers
of the regular Army are in command there; men
who, on former occasions, have given incontesta-
ble proof of their valor, their devotion to the coun-
try, and their capacity to conduct military opera-
tions. Though at this distance it would appear
that more ought to have been done, yet we are
not acquainted with all the difficulties which they
may have had to encounter. The character which
they have established ought to be regarded as a
pledge of their good conduct in the present trial,
and should at least shield them from censure till
all the facts are known; and if it shall then appear
that they have not done the best that could be
done, of which we have as yet no evidence, it will
not establish any charge against the volunteers
who have obeyed the laws of the country by
placing themselves under their command.   The
JI regular Army is otherwise provided for; this bill
i and its amendment have reference only to the
volunteer militia. Look at their character, and
we cannot doubt their bravery nor their patriot-
ism. The southern volunteers have ever sus-
tained the high character of American soldiers.
Theirdeep sense of honor, their disregard of dan-
ger, their nobleness of soul in the camp, and their
chivalry in the field, are but their common charac-
teristics; and after volunteering their services to
meet the first shock of defensive war, we cannot
presume that they would prove recreant to every-
thing dear to themselves. We know that they
are incapable of it. They have unfurled their
country's banner, and have marched under it to
defend it from insult; and the result will show
that they have sustained its honor. ] t is our part
to provide the means; to pay them the pittance
to which their services entitled them, and they
will not be sparing of their blood in the day of
battle. Let us pass this bill, with the proposed
amendment, without a moment's delay; and it
will be time enough for us to complain after we
learn that there is cause for complaint. Till evi-
dence appears to the contrary, let us not indulge
| a suspicion that an officer, bearing a commission
I in the American service, whether regular or mi-
litia, is deficient either in courage or in conduct.
Complaints in advance of evidence, are alike dis-
honorable to our country and to the feelings of
our gallant officers and soldiers. Let us dis-
] charge the debt of justice, and withhold our
censures till a knowledge of facts shall warrant
i them.
Much stress appears to be laid upon the fact
that, for this amendment, which provides for the
payment of the volunteers, no communication has
been made to the House by the Secretary of War,
recommending the measure, and that the subject
has not been specially referred to the committee
by the House. It appears to be a very recent
thing with some gentlemen to have transferred all
confidence from themselves to the Secretary of
War, so as to be incapable of acting upon the
most simple proposition without his recommend-
ation. I would remind them that the proposed
. amendment is founded on official information from
, the War Department, that the men who claim the
pay have faithfully served their country as repre-
sented; and that no provision is made by which
they can receive their pay. Now, sir, where is
the independence of the members of this body, if
they cannot act upon their own responsibility in
matters of plain justice? When all the facts are
i before us, must we fear to act without the direc-
i tion of an executive officer to govern us in legis-
■ lation, and bear the responsibility of our meas-
, ures? Our constitutional duty is to legislate, and
that of an executive officer to execute the law.
When all the facts are made known to us, we
must act upon our own responsibility; and, right
or wrong, we must bear that responsibility,
whether recommended or not. In the case now
before us, there is no imposition, no deception.
It is a plain proposition, founded on plain matters
of fact; and the House must adopt or reject it.
We must, in the case, do justice, or withhold the
demands of justice; and every member will act
upon his own responsibility.
It is wise, on ordinary occasions, to refer prop-
ositions to committees, that the information out
of which they grow, and their minute details,
may be more thoroughly investigated; but the
decisions of committees are always subject to the
House, and it is the right of any member to pro-
pose amendments to measures reported to the
House by committees.   The practice has ever
Crevailed; and to be deprived of this right would
e to fetter legislation with a clog which it could
never bear.
Independence in legislation by the Representa-
tives of the sovereign people, is of the first im-
portance to the preservation of our liberties. It
is in this House that their voice is more imme-
diately heard, than in any other branch of our
Government. Its value cannot be over estimated,
nor its dignity too carefully preserved. The most
sacred regard to justice should characterize all
its measures. It is a convention of the nation'
itself; and upon the purity, the intelligence, and
the independence of this House, more than upon
any other department of Government, the lib-
