712
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
such calamity,and the customs and public lands
would again íeplenish our Treasury to over-
flowing.
It has been said that the progressive diminu-
tion of duties on imports, under the compiomise
act of 1833, will lessen the amount of revenue;
aid it has bten predicted that the sales of the
public domain will greatly decline in a few years.
I do not believe this prediction will be verified.
In the fiist place, a diminution of the tax or duty
on an article does not necessarily pioduce a cor-
responding diminution of the revenue. The
amount of revenue depends upon the quantity of
dutiable ai tides consumed, and as goods are sold
cheaper inconsequence of lessening the dutits,
the consumption will be greater, and thus an m-
cieasid consumption will moie than balance the
decrease of duty. Turn your attention, Mr.
Chairman, for a moment, to the great West, ask
yourself what is it now, arid what was it during
the last war' At that time, the whole, a few
districts excepted, might be considered a wilder-
ness in comparison with its presert condition.
The farms newly settled, in many instances, did
not yield support for their owners and their fim-
ilies The dwelling houses weie log cabins; and
comfortable stables, barns, and out-houses were
not to be seen. In this state of things, whenever
the labor of clearing and cultivating new land
produced something for sale, after subsisting the
family, the money arising was necessarily ex-
pended in erecting more comfortable dwellings,
barns, <Lc Thus there was nothing to spare for
the merchant, or to purchase ai tides of foreign
growth or manufacture, upon which more than
half our revenue is raised. How is it now? Vast
multitudes, by their industry and labor, have
placed themselves in comfortable houses, upon
pioductive farms, well provided with every con-
venience, and yielding them annually, in surplus
grain, or tobacco, or cotton, or live-stock, a hand-
some income. No longei compelled to expend it
in clearing landb and building houses, they can
now afford to treat their wives and daughters
and sons with foreign articles; and the West now
proves what has been found to be true in all ages,
that people who have money, and who are not
restricted in its expenditure by an overruling ne-
cessity, will use it to gratify their appetites and
taste for luxuries and dress. The consequence is
an immense increase in the consumption of for-
eign merchandise; and hence our Treasury will
be kept full to overflowing, notwithstanding the
gradual diminution of duties on imports. In
proof of the now large and increasing consump-
tion of the West, only look at the heavy busi-
ness done upon the railioads and canals connect-
ing the Atlantic ports with the Mississippi valley;
and behold the increasing hundieds of steam-
boats which are now actively engaged upon the
waters of the West. Sir, a survey of the condi-
tion of agriculture, commerce, and manufactures
in the Atlantic States would equally denote the
continuance of a full Tieasury. Eveiywhere we
behold industiy prosper,geneiatingand accumu-
lating wealth. The inevitable result is an in-
creased consumption of foieign pioductions,upon
which the amount of íeven íe depi nds.
In regard to the sales of public lands, there will
be no decrease in the quantity sold, so long as
profitable investments can be made by purchasing
them Those who own small tracts in thickly
settled neighborhoods, and which can be sold at
high pnces, will find it their mteiest to sell out,
and emigrate to the new States and Tenitones,
where they can with the money get as good or
better land, and ten times the quantity So long as
the value of lands in the new States and Territories
is increasing at the rate of from ten to one hun-
dred per cent, per annum, capitalists will purchase,
ratherthan invest theirfunds in stocks orín trade.
The tide of emigration to the new States and Ter-
ritories, the demand for the pioductions of their
fertile soil in market, and the profit which can be
realized in a short time from a good farm, will
operate as permanent causes to produce an annual
increase in the value of lands in the new States
and Territories. Men of discernment understand
all this; and hence the large purchases of public
lands made during the )ast year will be continued
through the present, and probably for years to
come.   Nothing can arrest this course of things
but the entire change of the present land system,
or the deiangement of the currency, and the gen-
eral pressuie for money which may result from
the breaking up of the excessive issues of bank
notes. I have no expectation that either of these
causes will affect the sales of land during the
present year. Let them operate when they may,
no argument can be thence drawn adveise to the
disti lbution of the existing surplus revenue among
the States.
The conclusion to which my mind has arrived
is, that there exists a large surplus; and that it
will continue to accumulate, notwithstanding the
constant drain going on to sustain all the neces-
sary operations of the Government.
Can Congress constitutionally distribute this
surplus among the States' I will not contend
for the power to impose taxes, with a view to
raise money for distnbution. Such an object
does not seem to me to fall within the scope of the
delegated powers of the Constitution; but where
taxes have been imposed in good faith, for the
purposes of the Constitution, and Congress find3
at its disposal a large surplus which it cannot ex-
pend with propriety in accomplishing some pur-
pose of the Constitution, I do not perceive any
reason why it may not be divided out among the
States. If it be not wanted for the use of the
Government, it would certainly be competent to
return it to those from whom it had been collected,
if they could be ascertained. A poll or direct tax,
levied under the expectation of war, may be re-
leased, in case of the sudden adjustment of the
dispute without war: and so,'fit had been actually
collected, and, in consequence of the settlement,
of all difficulties, the Government no longer
wanted the money, it could not be a violation of
the Constitution to return the money to those
fiom whom it had been received, and who, fiom
the nature of the tax, could be known with cer-
tainty. But in the case of money arising from
the customs, and which is paid directly to the
Government by the importing merchant, and
afterwards reimbursed to him by the consumer,
the Government cannot return it, when it is not
wanted, to the citizen in person; because there is
no means of ascertaining the persons who paid
the money, and the sums paid by each. As that
is impossible, why may not this Government
place the fund in the hands of a trustee, to be
used for the general benefit of those who cannot
be individually designated, but who are known
as a community to have furnished the money'
There is no reason against it. In the selection
of a trustee in such a case, the State governments,
for íeasonstoo numerous and obvious to mention,
should be chosen. There is no sensible distinc-
tion between returning money not wanted to those
who are known to have paid it and placing money
in the hands of a trustee for the benefit of a whole
community, who advanced the money under cir-
cumstances rendenng it impossible to ascertain
what portion came from each individual The
question of constitutional power is the same in
both cases.
But there is, in my opinion, a great difference
between the money arising from the sales of
public land and that from the customs; and were
I to concede that the last could not be constitu-
tionally distubuted among the States, I should
still deny that the fiist stands upon the same
ground It is a common error to regard the
money arising from the sales of land as so much
revenue received from taxing the people; and I
have heard it contended that the price of the pub-
lic lands should be reduced, in order to lighten
the burden of taxation! One dollar and a quar-
ter received for an acre of land sold is no tax on
the puichaser. He gets the value of his money.
He is as rich, and generally more so, after part-
ing with his money, as be was when he had it in
his pocket. Suppose you disband your regiment
of diagoons, and sell the horses belonging to the
Government; must you take half price lest you
should inflict onerous taxes on the purchasers '
Suppose you sell ground purchased in New York
or Boston, on which to erect custom-houses, or
ground purchased for a light-house, because you
wished to change the site, or because you have
no further use for it; is it necessary to take half
the value of the property in order to escape the
charge of cruel taxation? Where is the difference
between these cases and the sales of your public
domain' There is none. Our land system is an
exchange of equivalents, in which the advantage
if any, is uniformly on the side of the purchaser'
May we not give the lands we own to the States
without violating the Constitution ' The language
of the second clause of the third section of the
fourth article of the Constitution is this:
"The Congress «hall hive power to depose of, and make
all needful rule  and regulations respecting, the territory or
oilier pro|>erty belonging to the United States "
We have already given millions of acres to the
new States, (which will appear more at large in
a table I shall heieafter present,) and no one has
imagined that the Constitution was violated by
the donation. We have stipulated with the new
States to allow thtm, respectively, five per cent.
on the net piocecds of the sales of the public
lands within their limits; and we have passed
laws directing the payment to them of three parts
of the five per cent so allowed. I have heard no
voice raised against the propriety of these pro-
ceedings upon constitutionalgrounds. The former
practice of the Government is an assertion of the
power, not only to give away the lands, but the
money likewise arising from their sale. Can it
be said this is constitutional in regard to the new
States, but unconstitutional in relation to the old '
My preceding remarks apply to the constitu-
tional question, unconnected with any special and
particular consideration which should influence
the judgment of the committee; but, sir, there are
reasons to be drawn from the acts of the States
ceding their right to large portions of the public
domain to the General Government, which place
the propriety of distributing the money arising
from the sales of land thus ceded beyond all
doubt. Virginia and Georgia ceded to the Gen-
eral Government much the largest and most val-
uable poition of the public lands, excluding those
acquired by the purchase of Louisiana and Flor-
ida. Virginia ceded heisin 1784, before the adop-
tion of the present Federal Constitution. Georgia
ceded in 1802. The purposes for which the ces-
sions were made are indicated by nearly the same
I language in the conveyance of each State. The
1 deed executed by Thomas Jefferson, James Mon-
I roe, and others, on the part of Virginia, uses the
following language:
" That all the lands within the territory so ceded to the
United State , and not reserved for [certain use1  men-
tioned,] «hill be considered as. a common fund for the use
and benefit of such of the United States as have become,
or sh-ill become, members of the Confederation, or Federal
Alliance of the said State , Virginia inclusive, according to
their usml respective proportions in the general charge and
expenditure, and shall be faithfully and bona fide disposed
ot for that purpose, and for no other use or purpose what-
soever."
By the Confederation the common treasury was
to be supplied by the several States m proportion
to the value of all lands within each State granted
to, or surveyed for, any person, and the improve-
ments thereon As the States were to be charged
in pioportions, to be fixed by the íelative value
of their lands and the improvements thereon, I
have heard it suggested that the rule should be
the same for distributing among the States the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, espe-
cially that ceded by Virginia. I admit, if the ex-
penditures of the Government were now defrayed
by taxes imposed and assessed upon lands and
the improvements thereon, according to the above
rule, and no revenue were collected from any
other source, that we should be bound to obserre
the same rule in distributing among the States
the money arising from the sales of land ceded
by Virginia. But when the Treasury is not filled
oy taxes imposed on land, or upon the people of
the States according to the relative value of land
and the improvements thereon,within the States,
I deny that the rule given in the Articles of Con-
federation , by which the Treasury was to be sup-
plied, is the rule by which the distribution is to
be made.
The deed of cession by Virginia does not refer
to the rule for filling the common Treasury, as
prescribed in the Articles of Confederation, and
then declare that the uses and benefits secured to
each State, in the land ceded, shall be propor-
tionate to the contributions of the States under
that rule. Instead of that, the deed of cession
declares that the States shall participate in th«
