:14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
24th Covg....1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
expended, on the Cumberland road, $1,825,23193,
more than five per cent, on the whole sum re-
ceived tor the sales of land in every part of the
United States.
What right has this Government to expend for
the benefit of these States so many millions in
road making, and deny to Kentucky a pittance
for a like object  And' yet this has been done.
President Jackson, upon the pretext that the
Government ought not to unite its funds with
those of individuals, and become copartners in
stock, and upon the ground thu the Maysville
and Lexington road was not national, puts his
veto upon a bill making an appropriation to aid
in its constiuction I cannot turn aside to demon-
stiatethe futility of such attempted distinctions;
nor will I stop to deprecate the election of a man
as his successor pledged "generally" to follow in
his footsteps. I will pioceed to exhibit other
evidences of partiality in past legislation, giving
the new States advantages over the old, in icgard
to the u**es and benefits drawn fiom the public
lands, for winch it will be difficult to find any
warrant in the deeds of cession creating the trust,
under which, the General Government holds the
tale.
The following quintities of land have been
granted to the new States for the purposes speci-
fied, to wit:
-ícres.
For the use of common schools................10 631,817
To aul in constructing roads and canals........   2 446 9il
For-e-U* ot g  eminent   ................       28 989
For college  and academies...................     484,330
Total donations in land...................13,592,077
The land thus given, at the minimum price of
$1 25 per acre, would bring $16,990,096. There
is no doubt that these lands at this day are worth
nigher fifty millions than sixteen. But take the
minimum estimate, and add to it the amount ex-
pended upon the Cumberland road, and you will
have an aggregate exceeding twenty-two million
dollars, which the new States have obtained fiom
the General Government in land and money! I
ask you, sir, where will you look to find any
such benefits conferred upon the old States > I
know the answer. It will be replied that the
donations to the new States were made with a
viewto enhance thevalueand increase the demand
for the lands retained by the Government. But
I also know that the increased value of the public
land, in consequence of these donations, has not
been a tithe of the value of the lands given to the
new States. Perceiving how prodigal of favois
Congress has been in respect to the new States,
and thinking that Kentucky, although she had no
land belonging to the United States within her
boundaues, might justly claim the title and name
of a new State, (being the first-born of the west-
ern sisterhood) 1 proposed, on afoimer occasion,
that $500,000 should beappropnated, to be placed
in the hands of, and expended by, the board of
public works in Kentucky, impiovmg the uvers
of that State. My proposition was instantly voted
down, and I fancied that I lead in the looks of
some members from the public-land States, which
have aheady received then millions, the language
of exultation. They seemed to nit to consider
my motion as the offspring of impudence, rather
than the result of a just claim on the part of Ken-
tucky to a participation in the benefits which
Congress may and ought to confer, without the
least partiality, among the States. Sir, you have
given money and lands to the new States, and pre-
emptions and floats to their citizens, until they
have become as spoiled children, and presump-
tuously claim dominion over the public lands and
their proceeds. There is now a bill before Con-
gress to appropriate $600,000 for the further ex-
tension of the Cumberland road, and you can
scarcely mention the subject of the public lands
without being told that you ought to graduate
their price, and after a few years give all which
are not sold to the States in which they are situ-
ated. It is high time for the old States to apply
the rod of justice to these spoiled children, and
put an end to their arrogant pretensions.
L°et us consider for a moment the propriety of
the new schemes for disposing of the public lands,
and especially that of reducing the price,and then
•elling them in limited parcels to actual settlers
only. I pronounce the scheme unjust, partial,
speculative, and fiaudulent, and will pi ove it in
a few words.
It is unjust, because it is notorious that there
are millions of acies of unsold land woith moie
per acre than the price now fixed as a minimum
By leducmg the price, the difference between the
piesent price and that to which it may be re-
duced, will be so much given away by the Gov-
ernment to the futiue purchaseis of public lands.
You aie bound, by every principle of justice, to
sell these lands for their value; and so tai as you
take less than their value, to that extent do you
enrich the puichaser and defiaud the people at
laige, for whose use you hold the lands in trust.
It is unjust, again, because by it you sell as
good land, at a smaller price to the new settler,
than you sold to the old settler many years ago,
and who had to encounter much greater diffi-
culties in making his settlement than settlers of
the piesent day expeuence.
It is paitial, because such a system would only
benefit the agucultural classes. Pi ofessionalmen,
merchants, mechanics, and manufacturers, who
carry on their business in cities and villages,
would be excluded fiom puichasing lands on
which to settle themselves or their children, in
case they should change their pursuits, or be
compelled to emigrate to a distance fiom the
places wlure they long resided, and where their
friends and connections live, to find vacant lands
on which to settle. We should allow the mei-
chant or mechanic who settles upon a lot in a
new village of the West to purchase his quarter-
section in the neighborhood as soon as he is able
to pay for it.
It is partial again, because it gives the citizens
of the States and Territories where the public
lands are situated, great advantages in acquiring
those lands over the citizens of the old States
Those who are already settled on their own lands
in the new States might erect cabins on the ad-
joining public land, and, by moving a few hun-
dred yards or a mile, be entitled to settlement
rights upon as good land as that they now occupy ,
ata diminished price. It is this advantage, which
would put it in the power of the citizens of the
new States to select and settle the best lands, be-
fore the citizens of the old States could get ready
to commence a journey of exploration, that has
caused the deafening clamor fiom the new States
in favor of graduation and settlement rights. Not
content with giowing ncli faster than any people
1 ever did, I fear they look with a covetous eye on
the delightful lands owned by the public in then
neighboi hood, in violation of the tenth command-
ment. The only ground upon which to escape
is, that land owned by the Government is not
the piopeity of a " neighboi, " and upon such a
plea, the loose molality and worse religion of
some people justify them in filching fiom the
Government whatever they can get.
It is speculative, because it would enable nch
speculates to obtain large quantities of the best
lands upon lowei terms than they now can
Such speculators could and would fuinish settleis
to any number out of the foieign paupers an-
nually imported into this count! y, and who, by
our naturalization laws, ai e convei ted into citi-
zens befoie they undeistand the nature of our
institutions, or the blessings confened by regu-
lated hbeity,and the evils resulting fiom licen-
tiousness. Speculators would get such persons
to settle the land, and take their bonds for titles,
and, to prevent it, you would be compelled to
violate one of the first principles of freedom, to
wit: the right of contracting and to prohibit set-
tlers fiom selling their lands for a limited time or
altogether. A report from the Treasury Depart-
ment shows that there weie forty-eight thousand
seven hundred and sixty-foui foreigners brought
to this country in the year 1835; and I suppose '
hundreds, if not thousands, came to us through
Canada, of whom there is no account given.
It is speculative,again,because it allows a con-
tinued series of settlements and sales; so that,
when an individual has lived the prescnbed time
on a tract, he will sell it and settle another; and
so go on thiough life, if he pleases.    If, to pre-
, vent this, you piovide that no man shall have
J moie than one settlement, then, if he is forced by I
i necessity to sell it, or if he is sold out by execu- |
tion, he can thereafter acqune no more of your
public land, unless he gets it second hind, al-
though he may letueve his foitunes and be able
to pay you foi a home You force buch a man tn
beaientei foi life, oi to purchase second-hand at
a high puce, or to violate youi law and play the
swindler.
The new system contemplated is fraudulent,
because it enables any one to swindle the Gov-
ernment, and obtain a tract of land in each State
and Temtoiy where time aie public lands, not-
withstanding the law may limit them to one set-
tlement of light. This will be done by nionn 
fiom State to State, and Temtoi y to Temtoiy.
Who will follow and detect the fiaud ' It will be
nobody's business, and it will not be done.
It is fiaudulent, again, because it leads to liti-
gation and perjury in contests nbout the puouty
of settlements, where a mill-seat, or a site for a
town, or a fiist rate tract of land, is the pnze con-
tended for. Every bad passion which can agitate
the human breast will be excited by such a con-
test.
In conclusion on this new land system, permit
me to lemark, that the same system which might
answer very well in the non-slaveholding States
will not answer to the South. Give a non-slave-
holdei a qaarter section, and you give him more
than he can use But a slaveholder, who has a
gang of fifty or a hundred negroes, cannot do with
less than one or two sections. Will you give to
the non-slaveholder a great deal more land than
he can possibly use, or will you restrict the slave-
holdei to a quantity not half enough to cairy on
his operations upon ? The idea of ceding the
refuse lands to the States, if they are worth any-
thing, would, if cairied into effect, be a palpable
violation of the trust conftned on you by Vir-
ginia and Georgia, and the obligation you have
assumed to dispose of the lands for their benefit,
in common with the other States. I am willing
to sell swamps and hills at less than the rich farm-
ing lands aie sold for; and as soon as the good
lands aie sold, we will fix the price for the bad
Sir, the whole scheme had its origin with
" scui vy politicians," who believe that the peo-
ple weie simple enough to beguiled and corrupted
by it. They and their scheme alike deserve the
contempt of honest men.
Let us return, Mr. Chairman, to the manner
in which this Government will use the money, if
it be not distributed among the States Sir, it
will be kept in pet banks, to increase political
power, to favor sectional mteiests, and to make
fortunes for those who wear the collai, and who
are ready to baik up any tree for a sop. Your
President, Mr. Chairman, made war upon the
Bank of the United States. By his veto he re-
fused to permit it to beiechartered. He told the
people, before his reelection, in his veto message,
daied July 10, 1832, that "a Bank of the United
States is, in many respects, convenient for the
Government and useful to the people." In the
same message he said:
" That a Bank of the United States, competent to all the
duties wliu h may be required by the Government, might
ho so organized as not lo infringe on our own delegated
power*, or the reserved rights of the States, I do not enter
tain a doubt "
He said, " had he been'called on to furnish the
project of such an institution, the duty would
have been cheerfully performed " Mark the idea1
the " duii/"of the Piesidentto furnish "projects"
of laws to the representatives of the people ■ I
will not stop to liiqune what part of the Consti-
tution piescnbes that duly. As a quietus to the
whole subject, the President said, in the same
veto message of the 10th of July, 1832:
" A general discussion will now take place, eliciting new
light, and settling important principles ; and a new Con-
greso, elected in the midst of such discussion, and furnish-
ing an equal representation of the people according to the
last census, will bear to the Capitol the verdict of public
opinion, and, I doubt not, bring this important question to
a satisfactory result "
Oh, what an admirable display of republican
vutue1    What a modest suggestion of a perfect
willingness to abide the " verdict of public opinion,
as it might be handed in by a new Congress on its
arrival at the Capitol!
But, lo, the sequel' The President was re-
elected in the fall of 1832, and qualified for his
second term on the 4th of Maich, 1833.   The
