716
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 23,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Underwood.
Ho. of Reps.
must know where the land is situated, what it is
wanted for, and what it will probably cost. At
one time, in the early part of the session, it almost
seemed to be the determination of a majority of
this House to convert the whole line of sea-coast
into one continuous breastwork, and to mount it
with cannon. Nothing less grand and stupendous
than a Chinese wall around the empire seemed to
meet the elevated conceptions of the Military
Committee. The number and magnitude of their
fortifications upon paper gave ample scope for
the imagination; and we saw with fancy's eye
embrasured castles looming through old Ocean's
mist from Passamaquoddy to the Bahze. But, sir,
this enchantment, conjured up to deplete the
Treasury, has vanished under the wave of Secre-
tary Cass's wand. His common-sense report
lias exposed to ridicule the silly idea of fortifying
every hamlet, village, and inlet upon the sea-
board; and, in all time to come, I trust that our
statesmen will limit their ideas of sea-board forti-
fications to the protection of our naval stations
and principal cities. To render these impregnable
to any assault, 1 would grant any sum. After
that, our surest defense is in the stout hearts and
strong arms of our countrymen; and the ability
to concentrate-them and all the implements and
munitions of war, with rapidity, at any threatened
or invaded point. Only construct the Charleston
and Cincinnati, the New Orleans and Nashville
railroads, and you will accomplish more for the
defense of South Carolina and Louisiana than
fifty or a hundred millions could effect if ex-
pended in building fortifications along the sea-
shore. An invading enemy, whose object was
plunder or conquest, would land and pass into
the interior, where there was no fort to annoy
lum. The railroads would enable us to throw an
army from Ohio, Kentucky, or Tennessee, upon
the enemy, before he had lime to gain a foothold.
As the surestand most effectual means of defense,
therefore, good policy requires us to distribute
the money, so that the States may construct those
works, which will aid our military operations
beyond measure.
Permit me to strengthen these suggestions by
reading the opinion of one of our most distin-
guished military men, taken from a letter ad-
dressed by General Jesup to Mr. Shrievcr, rela-
tive to the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal, and
published in 1824.    The General says:
" How important soever internal improvemenis, such as
road-, canals, and budges ma> be, in apolitical and com-
mercial point ot new, 1 am persuaded they will be found
still more so in relation to the military defense ot the coun-
try; ior the military power of a nation consists not so much
in a numerous population and great resource as m the
capacity which it pus e-seB ot concentrating them at assail-
able points with certainty and rapidity- If this proposition
be true, (and I hold it to be undeniable,) it inevitably fol-
lows that the nation having the best system of internal un
provements, all other eircuui-taiices being equal, will be
more poweriul than any other, particularly in wars of de-*
lense, because it can place at any point on the trontier a
greater force and a larger portion of supplies, in a given
time, than its antagonist."
The letter proceeds, and, by conclusive reason-
ing, places the truth of the above positions beyond
all doubt.
My esteemed colleague [Mr. C. Allan] has fur-
nished me with the aggregate amounts of the
various sums proposed to be appropriated by the
bill now under consideration, and two bills pre-
sented by the Military Committee for the con-
struction of new works, the foundations of which
have not yet been laid. The bill now before us,
and the amendments thereto, propose to appro-
priate $3,772,058; and the two bills from the Mili-
tary Committee propose to appropriate $ 2,503,800.
Thus we are, and will be, called on to vote for
$6,275,858 for fortifications in one year, during
the same session, unless the able report from the
Secretary of War shall arrest us in the midst of
our madness. Sir, you cannot spend judiciously
a fourth part of the money; you cannot get the
materials and laborers. You cannot, in the re-
mainder of the year, spend a tenth part of the
money, unless it be corruptly wasted. The aver-
age appropriation for fortifications, since the year
1816, has been annually about seven hundred
thousand dollars. The estimate for 1835 was
$439,000, and in 183G we have schemes before us
which call for $6,275,858! Heretofore the appro-
priations for naval purooses averaged about three
million five hundred thousand dollars a year.
The naval bill this year amounts to $6,255,307.
I was startled when my colleague communicated
these facts to me. They point to a settled pur-
pose of squandering the millions in our Treasury
in visionary projects, rather than have them dis-
tributed among the States. My only hope is that
the people will hold their representatives account-
able for these monstrous abuses.
I have noticed, Mr. Chairman, in the course
of this and other debates during the session, that
the advocates of what I believe to be a most
chimerical system of fortifications have enforced
the propriety of adopting their plans by repre-
senting the nation as destitute of the means of
resisting aggression or prosecuting war. I pro-
pose to show, by contrasting our situation in 1811,
just preceding the declaration of war against
England, with what it now is, that those who
represent us as weak and defenseless greatly
err, if they do not calumniate their country.
The total revenue for the year ending 30th
September, 1811, was:
Cu-toms and miscellaneous...............$12.774.385 14
handsales................................        767.061 23
$13.541,446 37
The revenue for the year ending 31st Decem-
ber, 1835, was, exclusive of dividends on bank
and canal stocks and miscellaneous items:
Customs..................................$19.334.547 79
Land sales................................   14.559.193 71
$33.893.741 50
Population, as ascertained by the census of 1810 .  7,239,903
Population now is double what it was in 1811;
by census of 1830, it was  ...................12,535,291
On the 31st December, 1811, the national debt
amounted to...............................$45,154,189
In 1836 we have no national debt.
In December, 1835, General McComb reports the
grand total of the A rmj at ..................         7,198
The latest returns of the militia (and those aie
incomplete) show a force of.................   1,310,450
I have not laid rav hand on any document showing how
the Army and niihlia stood in 1811.
In 1811  we  had  m  commission 5  frigates carrying 200
guns;   8   sloop-,   1215   guns;    and   2   schooners,   22
guns.............................15 vessels, 348 guns
Do. in ordinary, 5 frigates, carrying 172
guns .............................. 5 vessels, 172 guns
Total naval armament in 1811.....20 vessels, 520 guns
In  1835 we had in  commission  1 ship of 74 jrun«;  4
frigates. 176 guns; 9 sloops. 162 guns; and 5 schooners,
60 guns..........................19 vessels,    472 guns
Do. in ordinary. 5 ships of-the line,
370 guns;  4 frigates, 176 guns; 5
sloop-,  90 guns;   1  schooner,  12
gun-............................15 vessels,   648guns
Do building, 5 ships of the line, 370
guns; 7 frigates, 308 guns; and 1
steamship........................10 vessels,    678 guns
Total naval armament in 1835, exelu-
Bive of the steamship.............46 vessels, 1,798 guns
Thus, sir, with a revenue increased nearly
threefold since 1811, with a population doubled,
exempt from a national debt, with a regular Army
exceeding seven thousand men, with a militia at
this time equal to a million and a half of fighting
men, and with a naval force treble that which
gained so many laurels in warring with England,
members of Congress speak of our national weak-
ness upon this floor, and call upon us to vote
millions to empty the Treasury upon ill-digested
projects of defense. Sir, it is individual, and not
national, weakness which generates such speeches.
But again, only look at the manufacturing ability
of the country to clothe an army, and compare it
with the state of things during the war of 1812,
when our soldiers were freezing for want of com-
fortable blankets. I saw it stated in a newspaper
paragraph, a few days since, that in 1808 there
were not ten bales of cotton spun by machinery
in the United States; while, in 1835, there were
spun two hundred and sixteen thousand eight hun-
dred and eighty bales. I present these facts, Mr.
Chairman, for the consideration of statesmen.
They will have their influence with those of all
parties, whose intellectual pinions can elevate
them above the filthy level of a brawling poli-
tician. I throw them out for the contemplation
of the eagle who can soar in the heavens, and
explore the wide expanse of earth and moving
things below him. Your tom-tit, who hops and
flutters in the circumference of a brush heap, and
exultingly twitters over a crumb which has fallen
from the table of executive patronage, can have
no conception of things so vast and important.
Suppose, Mr. Chairman, you pass the bill under
consideration, justas it is, and all other bills upon
your table appropriating money for fortifications:
what will come next? I need scarcely say that
forts are useless, unless mounted with cannon,
that cannon are harmless things, unless charged
with powder and ball; and that forts, cannon,
powder and ball, are all good for nothing, unless
managed by skillful men. Men cannot garrison
your forts, and live upon the wind. They must
be fed, and clothed, and paid their wages. When
you build a few scores of new fortifications, the
next thing will be to increase your standing army,
in order to man the gunsand take care of the forts.
To accomplish all, there will be many fat jobs to
let; contractors will grow fat; and there will be a
new field of patronage, in which the President will
feel his power in appointing new officers, and no
doubt he will use it to the best advantage for the
good of the party. But, sir, whose money will
pay for all these things? Who will be taxed to
keep up the establishment, after the money aris-
ing from the sale of the public lands is all spent?
for it cannot last always. Yourconstituents and
mine will then have to bear the burden. I do not
intend, if I can help it, that it shall ever come
to that; and I shall vote against every entering
wedge, knowing the truth of the old adage, that
" an ounce of prevention is better than a pound
of cure;" and knowing that if these things are
once saddled upon the people, they will never be
able to get clear of them.
I have been a little curious to find out the
opinions of others upon the subject of distributing
the proceeds of the sales of the public land among
the States; and I have noticed the conduct of
individuals, and of public bodies, with some
anxiety. 'There are three parties; and it would
be amusing, were it not for the painful solicitude
generated by the magnitude of the interests in-
volved, to inquire minutely into the motives of
the parties, and to trace the various circumstances
by which they are influenced. Pennsylvania,
Kentucky, and many other States, come out
openly, and instruct their Senators and request
their Representatives in Congress to favor the
measure; while most, if not all, of the new States
take the opposite course. Why this difference?
Trace it to its source, and you will find that
Pennsylvania, &c, act upon the idea that the
fund belongs to all, and that justice and sound
policy require its distribution; while the new
States look upon the distribution as calculated to
deprive them of the great advantages they have
heretofore derived in donations from this Gov-
ernment; to cut off the cherished hope of having
the lands ultimately ceded to them; and to break
up the harvest of speculation, which they are
endeavoring to mature by graduation and pre-
emption laws. The State which you in part
represent, Mr. Chairman, the State of New York,
at present occupies an equivocal position in regard
to the distribution. Let me read you what your
former Governors thought and said upon the
subject of distributing the surplus revenue. Here
it is:
'■ As, however, the General Government is possessed of
the national domains, and has eiclu-ive autlionty over the
most productive sources of revenue, I believe that the power
of distributing the neces-aiy funds among the several
Statps, for objects ol public improvement, ought to be
incorporated into the Constitution, if not recognized ns
already in existence."—Governor Clinton's message, Jan-
uary 2, 1827.
"In a very few years, the national debt will be paid, and
as but a small portion of the revenue will be consumed in
conducting the affairs of the Union, within the constitu-
tional limits, and as there are no prudential reasons for
continuing the duties to a certain extent, there can be no
valid objection to the distribution of the surplus revenue
among the States, to be dispo-ed of at their discretion."—
Governor T/iroop's message, January 5, 1830.
" I submitted to the consideration of the last Legislature
the propriety of taking measures to procure a distribution
of the surplus revenue of the United States." * * *
" I esteem it of sufficient importance to renew the sugges-
tion, and press it earnestly upon your consideration."—
Governor Throop's message, January 4, 1831.
Following the recommendations of Governor
Throop, in March, 1831, the House of Repre-
sentatives of the New York Legislature resolved,
