1836.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
unanimously, "That the surplus revenue of the
ITmttd Stuts, beyond what shall be deemed by I
Conjress necessity for the expenses of the Gen-
eral Government, and a propei piovision foi pub-
lic defense and saftty, ou^ht to be annually dis-
tributed anions the sevei il States, aceoid'ng to
tin ir populuion, to be cstimited in the manner
nointtdout by the second ¡section of the fast art-
icle of the Coiibtitutiin, tor the apportionment of
Riprtien ativt sand dirt ct taxes." But how does
^it\v Yoik stand now ' Judcing from the speeches
mide hv \ouiself, Mr Chitrmin, and otheis of
her repitsentation on this tlooi and in the Senate,
she has veeied about, and is now opposed to the
distribution. Why the chango' It is said, and
I fear with too much truth, that your object is to
hold on to the money to aid in the election of a
Piesident, and not to interfere, at this particular
time, with the policy and schemes of the new
States, for fear of losing votes. Sir, if I had the
election of a President more at heart than I have
the welfare of the country, I would rejoice to see
Congress adjourn wit houtdistnbu ting the surplus.
Everybody knows it is in the power of the New
Yoik party to do it; and everybody knows, if it
fails, that your party will be the cause of its fail-
ure. If you do not make the distribution, the
people will be convinced, beyond a doubt, that
you are influenced by corrupt motives, and the
people will blow your candidate "sky high" with
the breath of their indignation. Sir, if you wish
to elect Mr. Van Burén, yon had better let the
States have the money. Withholding it from
them will lose you more among honest men than
you will be able to gain among knaves by the use
of it. If that be not its operation, then 1 despair
of the Republic.   It is destined for destruction.
In the course of this debate I noted many very i
exceptionable remarks made by those who have j
preceded me.    I  thought, at the time, if I said
anything, I would reply to them; but I find it is |
impossible.    I must come to a close, and leave
many things unnoticed which ought to be held
up for public condemnation.    I am constrained,
however, before I sit down, to notice a few ob-
servations which have fallen from different gen-
tlemen in the course of this latitudinous debate.
And first, Mr. Chairman, in regard to yourself:
You took occasion the other day, another bill
being under discussion, to charge those in favor
of distribution with an unwillingness  to vote I
money, even to defend the country against In-
dian massacre, because, as you said, we wanted
to divide the "spoi/s," and take home our re-
spective shares to our constituents     How did
you know, sir, that our hearts were so eagerly
bent upon the division of the " spoils >"    It is a
common rule to judge others by ourselves, and I
am not sure but you have felt its influence in the
present case.    Had you any right to impute im-
proper motives to us, from any vote we have
given'   Have we not been prodigal in voting
supplies to suppress Indian hostilities'    Sir, as
much as my constituents want a portion of this
money to aid them in their public works, they
would not take a dollar of it for that purpose,
when it was needed to save the lives of women
and children from the scalping-knife and toma-
hawk.   They would scorn me, as an unworthy
Representative, if I refused to make proper ap-
propriations for public defense.    It would be no
justification to tell them I had secured a division
of the money.    Their indignant answer would
be, We wanted no division under such circum-
stances; you ought to have applied the money in
saving the lives of the people.    Sir, your insin-
uation was neither creditable to us nor to your-
self.   You had no more cause or right to make
it, than I have to charge you with exultation
whenever you hear of Indian butcheries, because
such things afford you suitable opportunities to
raise a panic, and plausible pretexta to vote away
millions, and thus enable you to reward your
friends by throwing the money into their pockets,
instead of dividing it among the States, to be ap-
plied to works of internal improvement, to edu-
cation, or anything else the States may please.
Sir, I have voted, and mean to vote, for every
appropriation necessary to suppress Indian hos-
tilities, and to defend the sea-board. After doing
all that, there will still be a large surplus for dis-
tribution, and it is our duty to apply it in pro-
Policy of the Government—Mr. Hall.
moting other great interests of the country.    In
regard to these Indian hostilities, I believe that
the Administration is blamable for their exist-
ence.    The gentleman fiom South Carolina [Mr.
Pukevs] took occasion to condemn the Piesident
for his anti-nullification principles in reference to
his State.    I should   not have intioduced  that
topic, but as he did it, I take this occasion to siy,
that, if I am coireotly intoimed, the Piesident
wis a nulhfier of the fiist watei, of the South
Ciiolina school, at one time, and, while of that
filth, wi ote a complimentary letter to Mr. Hayne,
praising his nullification speech, and, moreover,
sent them under hisfiank, printed in gold letters,
to his friends'    However that may be, it is cer-
tain that the President, to this day, continues to
be a decided nulhfier in Georgia and Alabama,
abrogating Indian treaties, treating with contempt
the decision of the Supreme Com t, allowing these
latter States to rule the Indians by laws they do
not undeistand and have no hand in making, and
pe'rmitting Georgia to seize upon and parcel out
the Indian lands     Sir, you may trace the wars
in the southwest to the President's nullification,
and to the oppression which he has tolerated, and
which it was his duty to prevent.   The Indians
have been driven to madness, and they are breath-
ing vengeance     But, sir, I will not go into the
causes of the war for the purpose of refusing
money necessary to bring it to a successful term-
ination.   If a man'shouseisonfire, the first thing
to be done is to put it out, and after that, then to
find out the incendiary and punish him for the
crime.    I am for putting out the torch of war
which blazes in Florida, Georgia, and Alabama,
in the first place; but I am also for keeping in
view those errors in doctrine and sins in practice
which have brought the evils upon us   We shall
I learn wisdom and justice by so doing.  The Pres-
' ident will find some excuse, probably, for his
onii-nullification in South Carolina, and his ultra-
nullification in Georgia, about as satisfactory as
his distinction between that part of a river above,
and that part of the same river btlou) a port of
entiy'
One remark more, and I am done. The chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
C ambrelewg] said, some days since, that the dis-
tribution of the surplus money among the States
would corrupt them The charge is a calumny
upon the States Have they been corrupted by
the large sums they have boirowed, and are bor-
rowing ' No, sir; the motive which induces them
to borrow is founded in a virtuous, lofty patriot-
ism; the uses to which they apply the money
borrowed prove their fidelity and honesty in pro-
moting the public good, and afford a certain guar-
antee that, placing in their possession that which
' they demand as a right, and not as a favor, will
not corrupt them, but make this Government a
1 great deal better.
POLICY OF THE GOVERNMENT.
SPEECH OF HON. HILAND HALL,
OF VERMONT,
In the House op Representatives,
May 24, 1836.
The House having resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the twil making appropriation*
for certain Fortifications of the United States for the year
1836—
Mr. HALL rose and said, he could not recon-
cile it with his sense of duty to his constituents
to remain longer silent in relation to events
which were daily passing before him. He would
have preferred to submit the very general View
whrch he intended to take of some of the most
important measures before Congress, when a bill
then on the table from the Senate (the land bill)
should come up for discussion; but he had very
lately been warned by some rather ominous votes
of the House, that it might be the pleasure of
fentlemen to prevent any direct action of the
louse on that bill, and he had therefore determ-
ined to avail himself of the present occasion.
We knew it was the desire of gentlemen to take
the question that night, and he should condense
his remarks in such a manner *a to occupy as
Ho. ok Reps.
little of the time of the committee as was practi-
cable
We have, as I think, (said Mr. H ,) reached a
new and extraordinary era in the affairs of this
nation When we came together in December,
we were in the midst of an excitement ausing out
of an apprehended war with France. During the
existence of that excitement, when it was sup-
posed by the country that real and imminent dan-
ger existed of an almost immediate war with a
most poweiful foreign nation, we were furnished
by the Executive with an estimate of appropria-
tions which would be required for the year Do
you remember, sir, the amount of those requisi-
tions' I will remind you of them. Tney were
as follows-
Ordinal y appropriations   specifically
called for.......................$17,515,933
Computation of extiaordinary appro-
priations to meet all anticipated con-
tingencies.......................   5,617,707
Making in the whole...........23,133,640
This, you will observe, was the estimate sub-
mitted to us during the existence of our difficul-
ties with France—a wai  estimate—or, at least,
such an estimate as the Executive branch of the
Government thought it proper to recommend,
under the possible, if not probable, contingency
of a war with a powerful foreign nation.   And
a comparison of the amount with former esti-
mates will show that it greatly exceeded those of
previous years; and that upon the principles on
which  the Government has heretofore acted, it
could only be justified by the uncertain and some-
what alarming state of our foreign affairs     Now,
sir, all our difficulties are amicably adjusted, the
nation is at peace, no foreign wans apprehended;
and suddenly, as if by magic, a new warlike
watchwoid is rung in our ears.    It is sounded
from   the Capitol, echoed  in  the  newspapers,
sought to be published in the streets, and pro-
claimed  from  the  house tops.    " National de-
fense ' National defense!" is the cry; and we,
sir, of the minority, who have heretofore been
branded as wasteful and extravagant legislators
for our votes in favor of reasonable appropria-
tions for fortifications, are now approached by
the same gentlemen who lately denounced us, and
very gravely asked if we arc not in favor of ap-
propriations for the " national defense'"   Even
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr Cambreleng,] who has never been
over liberal in his support of appropriations for
fortifications, and whose name in the Journal of
the last session stands recorded in opposition to
mine against an appropriation of $67,000 for one
of the precise objects for which the present bill,
reported by him, contains an appropriation of
$150,000; he now seems ready to question even
the patriotism of any one who hesitates to swal-
low, without examination, the  most Quixotic,
projects for squandering the public money, under
the name of expenditures for the national de-
fense.    Sir, this is no cry of patriotism—it is the
cry of border interest and the P^fy) and, for one,
I shall not respond to it.   The conversion of
gentlemen is altogether too sudden, the object too
palpable, to give to their new efforts any other
character than that of the ridiculous; and by that
character they must and will be known to the
country.   As to myself, I  shall keep straight
ahead on my old track.   I have always voted in
favor of liberal appropriations for the national
defense, and I shall continue to vole for them.
I shall cheerfully vote for the $150,000for fortify-
ing Boston harbor, umnfluenced by the test year's
opposition of the honorable chairman, and for
any other appropriations which have a reasona-
ble claim to our approbation.    But I will not vote
for appropriations merely to get rid of the public
money.    I Bhall first inquire, as I have hereto-
fore done, whether the object for which the money
is asked be a proper o*e;   and, if it be, then
whether the sum demanded can be profitably ex-
pended during the year    If 1 come to an affirm-
ative conclusion on both these pointy I shall vote
for the appropriation.   Otherwise, I shall vote
I against it, and risk the denunciations of all new
converts to the " national defense" party.
I    Sir, the secret of this rew course of action,
