1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
719
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Hall.
Ho. op Reps.
mated, w as §8,892,858 42, and by the same report
we aie intoriiud that the receipts of 1835, instead
of bun- but $20,000,000, would be $28,430,381
07, uuieding by neaily eight and a half million
doll «is his previous estimate. Observe, sir, this
was the estnmte made at the commencement of
the pa bent sea&ion.
But, on the 13th of January, the Secretary, in
answtr to a call from the Senate, informs us mat ,
his estimate ot receipts, made in December, was i
quite too low, and that the actual íeceipts for
IsJó were §34,400,733 69, being an addition of
((1,000,000, which the short period of si\ weeks
had enabled him to discover. The account, then,
between the Treasury and the Secretary's esti-
mates for 1835, stands thus:
Ascertained balance in the Treasury, January 1,
1835........................$8,892,858 42
Actual receipts for 1835......... 34,400,733 69
Actual balance in the Treasury January 1st,
1836                    .   .                .......    25,117 451 04
Actual receipts hrst quarter lbJ6........... Il,177,i4a 00
Last three quirtrrs 1836, estimated eight and
one third millions each    .........
36,294,696 04
25 000 000 00
Making the sum of............. 43,293,592 11
Deduct balance in the Treasury and
receipts as estimated..........25,586,232 34
Leaving an excess of............$17,707,359 77
of available funds for the year 1835, over and
above the sum which had been estimated by the
Secretary at the commencement of the year.          I
Sir, in this matter of estimates, the Secretary
does not seem to profit by experience, for he has
been quite as wide of the mark this year as last,
and he runs into the same error, that of estimat-
ing the revenue greatly too low. In his annual
report, made at the commencement of the present
session, he estimates the receipts foi 1836 from
all sources at $19,725,700. On the 18th of April,
1S36, in answtr to a call from the Senate, the
Secretary informs us that the actual receipts for
the fiist quarter of 1836 amounted to the sum of
$10,725,700, about one million more than one half
of his estimated revenue for the whole year.
Here again the Secretary, fne days afterwards,
finds his estimate for the first quarter to be minus
about half a million. Here his explanation: I
quote from his report of April 23, 1836:
' It is deemed proper to add that some additional returns
of receipts into the Treasury during some of the last days
of March, which, irom great distance, irregularity in the
maiK or some other cause, had not arrived, and could not
be ascertained by either the 1 reasurer or this Department
at the time of my former report, have since been received,
and increase the amount as then ascertained by him in his
running account to be the balance in the Treasury about
four hundred and fifty-one thousand five hundred and forty
five "
So that the actual receipts into the Treasury
during the quarter ending March 31, 1836, were
$11,177,245.
Sir, a man of more suspicious temperament
than myself might charge this uniform system of
blundering, which the Secretary seems to have
fallen into, to some motive of concealment, ex-
traneous from the public good. I make no such
charge. I will not question either the integrity
orgeneral ability of the Secretary. I believe him
to be in many respects an excellent officer. I
impugn not his motives; but I will say this of
him, that for a Yankee he shows very little cuie-
ntss at guessing-. Why, sir, the dullest of the
Kentuckians on Green river, who, we were the
other day informed by my friend, [Mr. Hawss,]
their Representative, mistook an astronomical
observatory for the miraculous reappearance of
Jacob's ladder, would be willing to reckon on a
wager against his guessing-; and, in western
phrase, would be " mighty likely to beat him all
hollow."
Mr Chairman, I come now to inquire into the
actual condition of the Treasury, with a view to
ascertain what sum will be for disposal during the
present year. In doing this, I shall rely on the
statements made by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury himself for the past, and on estimates for the
future, the reasonableness of which cannot be
called in question.
The balance in the Treasury on the 1st day of January,
I835,was       ........................$8892,8*842
Revenue ofl835........................... 34,400,733 69
Making................................ 43,293,592 11
Deduct expenditures of 1835...............   ] 8,176,141 07
Making in the Treasury at the end of the
year...................861294,696 04
I believe my estimate of the last three quarters to
be too low. I knowthat several gentlemen,friends
of the Administration, in whom, as financiers, I
have great confidence, estimate the sum at thirty
millions instead of twenty-five. I prefer to err, if at
all, on the safe side, and therefore take the lowest
sum In addition to this sum, the Government
has, in the Bank of the United States, stock to the
amount of seven millions, which the bank is now
ready to pay, with an addition of fourteen per
cent., and which will doubtless come into the
Treasury during the year, with a still greater ad-
vance. I call this sum eight millions. We are
informed by the Secretary, in his report of De-
cember, 1834, that there will always be, at the
end of every year, a sum of several millions in the
Treasury of unexpended balances of former ap-
propriations, which may be safely relied upon to
meet appropriations for the ensuing year This
sum, on the fiist of January last, was about eight
millions. The amount of this sum must increase
in a much greater ratio than the increase of ap-
propriations; and, as the appropriations of the
present year are to be unusually large, the unex-
pended balance at the end of the yeai will be much
larger than at any former period. It is impossi-
ble to form a decisive opinion as to the amount,
until after the appropriations are made. It can-
not be less than twelve millions. [Mr. Law-
rence. Not less than fifteen millions J A mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means says
not less than fifteen millions. Sir, if your extrav-
agant appropriations for fortifications are made,
and added to those of a like character which have
aheady passed for the Navy, the sum will be
much larger than fifteen millions.
I have before said that there is a limit beyond
which money cannot be expended. Sir, you
may go on and appropriate some half a dozen mil-
lions more for Indian wars, the causes of which
yet remain unknown, and about which, or the
manner of conducting them, no one seems willing
to take the trouble to inquire—go on, sir, with
your appropriations for fortifications and Indian
treaties, and for every other conceivable object
for which the most latitudinanan gentleman can
make up his mind to vote—go on, until you have
appropriated every dollar in the Treasury, and
the great mass of" the money will still remain
there, undrawn and unexpended Why, sir, if
more than two millions of former appropriations
for the increase of the Navy could not be used
during the last year, when a French war was
apprehended, how are you to expend triple the
sum this year, when this year's appropriation is
made at a much later period in the season than
the last' Sir, these appropriations cannot be
expended; it is idle to talk about it. Whatever
may be the amount of your appropriations, what-
ever may be the footing of your appropriation
bills at the end of the session, it may be calcu-
lated with perfect safety that a sum greater than
thirty millions cannot and will not be drawn out
of the Treasury; and any amount above that sum
may be considered as remaining there, a fund for
distribution, with perfect security to the Treas-
ury. But to go on with the calculation I had
commenced: suppose the unexpended balance
at the end of the year to be only $12,000,000,
making an increase over that of the present year
of $4,000,000; this $4,000,000, with the Uni-
ted States Bank stock, amounts to $12,000,000,
which, added to the $61,294,696 04, before as-
certained, gives, in round numbers, the sum of
$73,000,000, which would be in the Treasury at
the end of the year, if no sums were drawn out.
The proceeds of the public lands for the past
three years, which the land bill proposes to
distribute, together with those of the present
year, at a liberal estimate, may be put down at
$36,000,000. Call the sum to be distributed
$36,000,000, and we have still left to be appropri-
ated to the ordinary purposes of Government the
enormous sum of $37,000,000—a sum greater, by
about$19,000,000 than the expenditures of the last
year, and greater, by $14,000,000 than the whole
estimates of Secretary, ordinary and extraordin-
ary, for the expenditures of this Sir, I shall not
go into any particular estimate of the condition of
the Treasury for the ensuing year, for although
the land bill proposes to distribute the proceeds
of the public lands for 1837, I deem the inquiry
wholly unnecessary. I have no manner of doubt
that the revenue from the customs alone, for sev-
eral years to come, will be abundantly sufficient
for all the wants of the Government; but the
distribution for 1837, if now ordered, will be under
the perfect control of Congress at its next session,
and may be recalled if the necessities of the coun-
tiy shall be found to require it. I will not, there-
fore, enter into the discussion of a question of so
complicated a character, when its final decision,
if now made, would not be material to the matter
I have had in hand, which was to show, what I
think I have clearly shown, that the land bill may
be passed with perfect safety to the Treasury.
Mr. Chairman, having shown that the state of
the public funds will admit the passage of the
lard'bill,I would now be glad,if I could, to satisfy
the House that the interest and welfare of the
country require its passage. But in this under-
taking, I am met in the outset with obstacles
against which the demonstrative reason of arith-
metical calculations cannot be interposed; with
obstacles more powerful than those coming in the
shape of strong argument or stirring eloquence;
obstacles which nothing but individual self-exam-
ination and independent patriotism can remove—
the obstacles of prejudice and party feeling Sir,
the great misfortune of this measure of distribution
is, not that it is a bad measure, but that, with the
majority,it has got a bad name. I sincerely wish,
for the good of the country, that it bore the name
of some popular politician, rather than that of a
persecuted statesman I wish it was a Jackson
or a Van Buren bill, because I believe it would
then pass the House by acclamation. Sir, this
ought not to be considered a party measure. It
cannot operate for the peculiar benefit of any
party, or of any particular section. It will operate
equally on all the people and on the whole coun-
try; and whatever gentlemen may have hereto-
fore thought in regard to it, however they may
have formerly voted on it, it is now presented
under circumstances so entirely new, that they
may, without making themselves liable to the
charge of the slightest inconsistency, give it their
warm support. Heretofore, the event of there
being a surplus to be divided was matter of cal-
culation and estimate. Now, the existence of the
surplus is ascertained—has become an established
fact, on which we are called upon in some way
to act Will gentlemen suffer this enormous sur-
plus to be squandered by the central Govern-
ment on objects which, when accomplished, will
confer no practical benefit on the country, rather
than impose on themselves the labor of independ-
ent thinking on a question of such deep import-
ance to their constituents? Will they suffer a
personal bias, perhaps hastily imbibed, under the
influence of high party excitement, to shut out
I from their minds the light which fact and reason
may shed on this question > Certainly they will
not. Gentlemen will examine this measure with
fairness and candor, and, having done so, I can-
not doubt the conclusion to which they will
arrive. They must and will unite in favor of the
distribution.
Mr. Chairman, I have said that I regretted this,
measure of distribution was connected with the
name of a distinguished statesman. Not, sir,
that I would be willing to pluck a single laurel
from the brow of that individual. I have had the
honor, from my youth up, through good and
through evil report, to be his political friend and
admirer. 1 now claim it as an honor; and when
the mists of party rancor shall have passed away;
when the name and fame of that individual shall
become matter of history, and be claimed as the
common property of the nation; when men shall
wonder at the delusions which had seized on his
cotemporanes, my children will claim it as an
honor to be able to say of me, My parent coolly
breasted the torrent of popular clamor, andalways
did him justice.
