730
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 24,
'24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Hall.
Ho. of Reps.
But, sir, great as may be my regard for any
individual, I hope my regard for my country is
still greater; and believing, as I do, that this
measure is of the highest importance to the wel-
fare of our country > and to the peaceful continu-
ance of our republican system, I would willingly
give the merit of its success, if it could be justly
done, to the most violent political opponent. In
the hope—perhaps, sir, a vain one—of conciliat-
ing the good will of some who, from the name
of this measure, may have hastily taken up an
unfavorable opinion of it, and for the sake of
doing justice to other statesmen of our country,
and particularly to my immediate predecessor on
the floor of this House, I take occasion to say,
that although this measure of distribution has
become the adopted child of the distinguished.
Senator to whom I have alluded; though it wears
his dress, and has taken his name, vet he can lay
no just claim to the parentage of its leading prin-
ciples. Without going back to an earlier period,
and without noticing various  suggestions  and
Cropositions of different individuals, which had
een made both in and out of Congress, it will be
found that as early as January, 1826, in anticipa-
tion that as soon as the public debt should be paid
off, the revenue of the country would exceed the
wants of the Government, an honorable Senator
from New Jersey, now Secretary of the Navy,
brought forward a proposition for distributing
annually among the States a portion of the public
revenue, for purposes of education and internal '
improvement. The resolution was entertained
by the Senate, and the subject referred to a com-
mittee, of which the Senator introducing it was
the chairman; and, on the 11th of May following,
the committee made a detailed and able report in
favor of the measure, accompanied by a bill for
distributing among the States, according to their
representative population $5,000,000 annually for
five years,ending with the year 1831. The recol-
lection of gentlemen will enable them to confirm
the statement which I now make, that this measure
of distribution was, for several years, in many
parts of the country, a favorite one with the
friends of the present Chief iMagistrate. It had
received so much attention, and was deemed so
important, that General Jackson made the subject
a part of his first message to Congress. In that
message, delivered December 8,1829, he enumer-
ates with much clearness and force some of the
evils which were in future to be apprehended
from a surplus revenue, evils under which the
country is now actually laboring. He then pro-
ceeds, as I will read to you:
"To avoid these, it appears to me that the most safe,
just, and Federal disposition which could be made of the
surplus revenue would be its apportionment amon; the sev-
eral States, according to their ratio of representation ; and
should this measure not be found warranted by the Consti-
tution, that it would be expedient to propose to the States an
amendment authorising it."
Sir, the President then deemed this measure of !
distribution so important that, if constitutional ;
objections should be found to present obstacles
in the way of its accomplishment, he would have
them removed, even by the tardy and difficult I
process of an amendment of the Constitution. I '
do not find, sir, that the President's views met
with any serious constitutional objections; but
others, oñ grounds of expediency, seem to have
been made from some quarter, which the Presi-
dent, in his next annual message,proceeds to dis-
cuss in detail, and to remove. It is somewhat
remarkable that the four objections, which are
noticed by the President and answered, have since
been among the most prominent ones made to the
land bill. The objections which are formally
stated in the message, and each answered sep-
arately and at length,, are these: 1. To the ratio
of distribution; 2. To its tendency to produce
Increased taxation; 3- That th£ State* would
improvidently use the fund; and, lastly, that it
would create an improper dependence of the States
on the ^General Government. .Sir, the argument
of the* President is so clear on these points, and
so entirely conclusive, that, were It not for its
great length, I would ask permission of the com-
mittee for the Clerk to read It. But the time which
I have prescribed for myself to occupy the atten-
tion of the committee Is already so far spent that
I must omit it. I commend it to the. attention of
all—to those who may doubt upon the points it
discusses, as containing matter calculated to re-
move their doubts; and to those who continue
making the objections, as presenting arguments
which they will do well to consider how they are
to answer to their own judgments and to their
constituents. You well know, sir, that this meas-
ure of distribution was once, whatever it may be
now,a favorite with yourown State; that in 1827
it received the strong recommendation of Gov-
ernor Clinton in his message; that it was also
recommended by Governor Throop in 1831, and
that, at the same session of your Legislature, a
resolution approving it passed your House of
Assembly by a unanimous vote; but, as the par-
ticular attention of the committee has already
been called to these propositions from New York
by other gentlemen, I will not dwell on them.
You will notice, sir, that all the propositions
which 1 have yet mentioned, contemplated a dis-
tribution of the revenue without reference to the
sources from which it was obtained; and included
the proceeds of the public lands, as well as the
revenue derived from the customs. But the pro-
ceeds of the public lands have always been looked
upon as standing on a different footing from the
revenue derived from other sources. I have not
extended my researches very far back, but I find
that in February, 1826, the standing committee of
this House on the Public Lands, by Mr. Strong,
one of its members from New York, made a re-
port to the House recommending an annual appro-
priation of a portion of the net proceeds of the
public lands for the support of schools, and of
apportioning the same among the States in pro-
portion to their representation. In February,
1829, a resolution was adopted by the House, on
motion of Mr. Stevenson, of Pennsylvania, a po-
litical friend of the present President, raising a
committee to inquire into the expediency of dis-
tributing annually all the money arising from the
sales of the public lands among the several States,
in the same proportion. This reference, also, pro-
duced a report favorable to the measure. On the
17th of December, 1829, my predecessor in this
House (General Hunt) introduced a resolu^on
directing "the Committee on Public Lands to in-
quire into the expediency of appropriating the net
annual proceeds of the sales of the public lands
among the several States for the purposes of edu-
cation and internal improvement, in proportion to
the representation of each in the House of Rep-
resentatives." This resolution was discussed
from day to day, during the morning hour, until
the lDth of January, when it was adopted with
some modifications, and, among others, with one
changing the committee from that of the Public
Lands to a select one. Mr. Hunt, as chairman
of the committee, at the same session, made a re-
port, which will be found among our printed doc-
uments, giving a succinct and lucid history of the
public lands, examining with candor and skill the
nature and character of the power of this Govern-
ment in them, and concluding with the report of
a bill in favor of the distribution of their proceeds.
Í am sure, sir, every individual now present, who
was a member of this House at the period during
which Mr. Hunt held a seat on this floor—a seat
vacated by his lamented death in this city—will
bear witness to the talentandassiduity with which
he performed all his duties here, as well as to the
high-minded and honorable motives which gov-
erned him; and it is no disparagement to any of
the eminent statesmen who have since discussed
the subject of the public lands, to say that he clearly
foresaw the future importance of this growing re-
source of the public revenue; that his report con-
tains the germ of nearly every argument which
has since been urged in favor of the constitution-
ality and expediency of distribution, and that it
has been seldom, if ever,.surpassed in ability.
You wilj perceive, sir, that this measure is not
new to this House or to the .country, and that
long before Mr. Clay first introduced his bill
into the Senate, my own constituents, in partic-
ular, had, through their Representative, urged
upon Congress, with earnestness and skill, the
justice and propriety of the measure; and that,
in now. standing up as its advocate, I am not fol-
lowing in the lead of party, but aro only express-
ing, as well as I am able, the long-chérished and
declared will of rñy district. S^r, I repeat what I
have before said: this nuevjuje <>f distribution
cannot, with any propriety, be called a party
measure. No particular man, no particular party,
can, with any justice, claim the honor of its pa-
ternity. It is not a mensure, like the many
schemes of squandering the public money, which
the diseased political atmosphere of this Capitol
has lately generated, that requires deep thought
and laborious research to originate. It is the
natural, spontaneous production of the minds of
the great mass of the people themselves. Pro-
ceeding on the self-evident proposition, so well
expressed by General Jackson in his message of
1830, thai " the resources of the nation, beyond
those required for the immediate and necessary
purposes of the Government, can nowhere be so
well deposited as in the pockets of the people,"
the people look down upon their representatives,
and say to them, " Gentlemen, you have got a
large amount of our money, which you cannot
profitably use—please give it back to us." The
idea is perfectly simple and natural; and it would
be doing manifest injustice to the common under-
standing of every man in the nation, to go about
hunting among the giant minds of our statesmen
to discover its origin.
Mr. Chairman, I shall not trespass on the pa-
tience of the committee by repeating the argu-
ments which have been so well and so conclusively
stated by others, to show the constitutionality
and propriety of a distribution of the proceeds of
the public lands. It has been shown to this com-
mittee by gentlemen who have preceded me in
this debate, and particularly by the gentlemen
from Virginia [Mr. McComas] and Kentucky,
[Mr. Underwood,] that this distribution is not
only in conformity-with the Constitution, but is,
so far as the important cession of Virginia is con-
cerned, imposed upon Congress as a duty by the
very language and spirit of the deed of cession;
and I confess I am unable to see how this Gov-
ernment can otherwise honestly discharge the
trust reposed in it by that act of cession than by
giving to Virginia and each of the other States
their respective shares of the common fund. I
have not heard the constitutionality of this meas-
ure seriously questioned. Any objection of that
kind, it seems to me, would now come altogether
too late. It has hitherto been supposed that the
power of this Government over the public lands
and their proceeds was unaffected by the limita-
tions imposed in the Constitution on the use of
money raised for revenue purposes. Ihave looked
into the various elementary writers on the Con-
stitution, and I find that they all concur in giving
to that article of the Constitution which confers
the power on Congress " to dispose of, and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting, the
territory or other property of the United States,"
a construction which would leave the proceeds
wholly unrestrained to the purposes for which
taxes and imposts may be imposed. It is an ar-
ticle separate from, and wholly independent of,
that conferring the taxing power, and cannot be
circumscribed by its limitations. From the very
commencement of the Government we have been
in the constant habit of legislating on this con-
struction, and the constitutionality of such legis-
lation, so far as I am informed, has ever remained
unquestioned. We have made grants of the public
lands to States, to corporations, and to individ-
uals, for almost all conceivable purposes—for
purposes to which no one would have thought of
appropriating the general revenue. We have
appropriated over eight million acres for common
schools, more, than two million for internal im-
provements, about five hundred thousand acres
for colleges and academies, ninety thousand acres
for religious and charitable institutions; and in
the acts of admission into the Union of each of
the seven new States, five per cent, on the amount
of the sales of the public lands within their re-
spective limits, is granted by Congress, either for
purposes of internal improvement or education
And are we now to be met with an argument
against the power of Congress to make this dis-
tribution? I trust not. If any constitutional
question can be considered as settled by a long,
uniiiarm,and uninterrupted course of practical le-
gislation, this general power over the public lands
is one of them.
I have been amused, -sir, at the variety and
contradictory character of the objections which
