722
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 16,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Bell.
Ho. op Reps.
Sir, I have a few words to say in regard to the
peculiar position of my own State, with reference
to the expenditures of this Government, when I
shall have done. I think I may safely say, that
no State in the Union has shared so little in the
direct pecuniary benefits of the General Govern-
ment as Vermont. From the very beginning, she
did not reap all the advantages conferred on the
other States. Exercising throughout the whole
of the revolutionary war in actual, though unac-
knowledged independence, and occupying a fron-
tier position, often the theater of invasion and
always in imminent danger of it, her people bore
their full share in the perils, the trials, the ex-
penses, and the honors of that contest. Yet she
came into the Union in 1791, bringing not with her
a State deht to cast as a burden on the nation, but
to unite with her sister States in the payment of
the twenty millions of their debts, which this Gov-
ernment had already assumed. Under the oper-
ation of the taxing power of this Government,
she has paid her share of the debts of those States
in proportion to her population and resources. I
speak not this by way of complaint; I make the
statement as matter of fact and of history. Of
the several hundred millions of the expenditures
which this Government has made since its first
organization under the present Constitution, but
a fraction has been disbursed in Vermont. I have
not been able to ascertain, from printed public
documents, the precise share which the State I in
Eart represent has had in all your appropriations;
ut I will give you the amount for three perma-
nent objects of local expenditures, as a sample. \
Your expenditures for fortifications have been
$17,526,000; for internal improvements $6,283,-
000; and of neither of these sums has a dollar
ever reached Vermont. Your expenditures for
light-houses have been $3,644,000; and of this
Vermont has received the sum of $4,729 22. Sir,
while other States can boast of the fortifications,
the navy-yards, the custom-houses, the marine
hospitals, the mints, the armories, and other
splendid works, which yourTreasury has caused
to spring into existence; of the harbors and rivers
whose channels you have deepened and enlarged;
of roads and canals, which your munificence has
constructed or aided, the only legible marks which
you have made on the surface of Vermont, to
which her people can point as evidence that she
also belongs to the Union, is the light-house I
have mentioned, and a small arsenal—both to-
gether costing the Government something less
than $15,000. I speak not even this in the way
of complaining of the past expenditures of this
Government, or as putting in a claim for a large
share in the future expenditures for similar ob-
jects. It is doubtless true that expenditures for
naticnal purposes should be made, where the gen-
eral interest requires them, without reference to
State lines, and 1 know that of the vast amount
of your future appropriations, but a mere trifle
can ever be expected to reach the State of which
I am a representative. You have ceased making
appropriations for internal improvements, and we
can ixpect nothing for such objects. Our people
are hardy and brave, have always shown them-
selves well qualified to defend their territory, and
require no fortifications; and having no sea-board,
we are cut off from reaping any local benefits from
the thousand maritime objects for which the great-
est proportion of the funds of this Government
have been, and in all probability will continue to
be, expended.
Sir, the people of Vermontunderstand the con-
sequences which, under the practical legislation
of this Government, are to follow from their in-
land position; and they have been long looking
forward to the period when, the national debt
being discharged, and a surplus found in the
Treasury, all objections to a distribution of the
proceeds of the public lands would cease. The
expected period has arrived, but the objections
still continue, and we were warned by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, in
the openingof this debate, that there was not only
to be no distribution, but that, if the surplus con-
tinued, the compromise tariff act would not long
be respected. Sir, I know this would be the nat-
ural consequence of the accumulation of an ex-
cess of revenue and a denial of its distribution;
and being very «ure that the extravagant expend-
itures which are proposed to be made in order to
get rid of the surplus, cannot meet the deliberate
approbation of the people, I believe the question
will be between an abandonment of the tariff and
a distribution of the surplus among the States.
Yes, sir, the measure of justice which you pro-
pose to deal out to the agriculturists, the manu-
facturers, and the mechanics of Vermont, is not
only to deny them all advantages from the com-
mon fund arising out of the public lands, but to
sacrifice the rewards of their industry to the cupid-
ity of the capitalists, and the competition of the
paupers of foreign Governments. Permit me to
say that this is a measure of justice, or rather of
crying injustice, which they will not accept. And,
sir, their position will bealonely one. The people
of the whole country, and especially of the inte-
rior, perceiving that this measure of distribution
is one which, in all its aspects, involves their
highestand deepest interests, and that, compared
with it, their petty contests about who, for the
timebeing, shall enjoy the honors and emoluments
of office, dwindle into insignificance, will rise in
their might, and, breaking asunder the party
shackles which have bound them, will speak to
their representatives a language in its favor which
cannot be misunderstood,and will not be resisted.
But 1 will not dwell on this subject. I have al-
ready occupied more of the time of the commit-
tee than I intended, and I forbear to submit any
further remarks.
Note.—The public lands were acquired by the United
States by cessions from the old States, (the most important
being that of Virginia in  X783,) and  by the  purchase  in
Louisiana in 180a, and in Florida in 1819. The quantity of
land in the States and organized Territories, in which the
Indian title still remains, is about seventy-nine millions of I
acres.    In two hundred and sixty-eight millions the Indian
title has become extinct, and of tins one hundred and sev- ;
enty six millions have been surveyed, forty-four millions
of it sold, ami one hundred and thirty-two millions remain
unsold.  Besides this, there are, west of the Mississippi, and
without the boundaries of the States and Territories,about
seven hundred and ti.'teen millions of acres belonging to I
the United States, subject, however, to the Indian titles.
The amount of the net proceeds of the sales of the pub-
lic lands for the years 1833, 1834, and 1835, which the land '
bill proposes to distribute, is $20,571,125 75. The amount
of the sales for the first quarter of the present year (weeds
$5,500,(100. Estimating the proceeds of 1836 at $15,500,000,
the amount to be distributed at the end of the present year
will be about $33,000,000. This sum, after deducting the
ten per cent, allowed to the new States, distributed among
the States according to their federal population, will give to
each individual about $"2 75. The share of Vermont in this
distribution, with a population of280,65">.would be $771,81.0.
If the State should uialse this a fund for the support of
schools, it would, at an interertof six percent., produce the
amount of .346,308, equal to the sum that would be pro-
duced by a tax of two and a quarter cents on the whole
grand list of the State. If the proceeds of the sales for
1837,which the land bill also provides for distributing should
equal those of the present year, the annual interest of the
fund would considerably exceed the amount of the three
cent tax annually assessed for the support of schools, and
enable the Legislature, ¡fit thought proper, to dispense with
its future collection.
If the Legi-laiure should, under proper regulations, pro-
vide by law for enabling the several towns in the State to i
take charge of their respective shares of the fund, and dis-
tribute the same among them in proportion to their popu-
lation, the sum which each town would obtain at the end
of the present year may be readily calculated, by allowing
$2 75 for each individual. Thus, a town of 100 inhabitants
would receive $9,75; one of 500 inhabitants, $1,375 ; of
1,009, $2,750; of 1,500, $4,125; of 2,000 $5,500; of 3,000,
$8,250, &c                                                                         ¡
POLICY OF THE GOVERNMENT.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN BELL,
of tennessee,
In the House of Representatives,
March 16, 22,and25,1836,
Whilst in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Naval Appropriation Bill.
Mr. BELL said:
Mr. Chairman: I desire that I should not be
understood, from the remarks heretofore submit-
ted by me upon the bill under consideration, to
be hostile to the Navy, or even to such fortifica-
tions as may be known to be necessary to the
defense of our most important commercial and
naval depots. On the contrary, I am decidedly in
favor of a considerable increase of our present
naval establishment. Indeed, I do not remember
a sentiment delivered by the gentleman who pre-
ceded me in this debate [Mr. Chambers] upon
this point, to which I do not yield a hearty con-
currence. What I wish to be accomplished by
my motion is, that we shall first settle and adopt
some system or plan of improvement in this
branch of the national defense which shall prom-
ise a greater degree of economy and efficiency
than we can hope for under the present system.
I now propose to extend the range of this de-
bate much beyond the latitude assumed in the
preceding part of it. I propose to remark freely
upon the general policy of the present Adminis-
tration, as lately developed. The principles and
practices of those in power are always subjects
of great interest to the country. Those of the
party which now control the affairs of this Repub-
lic are peculiarly so at this time. While it is
my intention, in what I shall say on these sub-
jects, to be perfectly respectful to the motives and
feelings of the committee, and especially to those
who constitute the majority of the House of Rep-
resentatives, yet with these limitations—it is my
intention to indulge the privilege of debate to the
utmost limit of parliamentary license.
I desired some more suitable occasion for the
indulgence of the very wide range of remark upon
which I am about to enter, than the present bill.
I would have greatly preferred the bill reported
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. John-
son,] making appropriations for a great number
of new fortifications. The bill proposing an
extra appropriation for the improvement and
increase of the Navy, would have been selected
in preference to the present one; but, sir, I have
lately had my doubts whether it is intended that
either of these bills shall be acted upon before the
close of the session, when debate will be out of
the question. I know the responsibilities to
which I may subject myself by making this bill
the subject of a tedious debate. I am satisfied
that I might have expected some better effect
from the remarks I intend to offer, if I had been
more fortunate in the occasion of them. But,
sir, the time and, the occasion I have selected may
not, afterall, be of so much consequence. Greater
skill in parliamentary tactics might have enabled
me to do greater justice to my subject, by taking
a different course from the one I am about to
adopt; but I am encouraged by a saying of the
gallant Nelson upon some occasion when the
importance of skill in naval tactics was spoken
of: "A captain," said he, "cannot be far wrong,
who, in battle, lays his ship alongside of the
enemy."
Such a discussion as I propose is always salu-
tary, and ought to be indulged at every session
of Congress. In truth, it should never be omitted.
If any find fault with the delay that is likely to
occur, let them take consolation from the motto
of the Government Journal, which is, that " the
world is governed too much." A proposition,
however, by no means consistent with the prin-
ciples of the party of which this journal is the
organ. But if it shall be inquired, why provoke
a party discussion upon the Navy bill, or upon
any of the appropriation bills? why not bring
forward some distinct proposition, in the shape
of a resolution ? I answer, because I perceive a
settled purpose in the House to prevent the intro-
duction of any subject which can fairly give rise
to the desired discussion during the present ses-
sion. I wanted no other proof of this determin-
ation of the majority of the House, than the res-
olution offered by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] and adopted on the 26th of Janu-
ary. The reason alleged for this resolution was,
the defenseless condition of the country, the fears
entertained of a war with France, and conse-
quently the great importance of passing the appro-
priation bills without delay.
This was all plausible enough, if the circum-
stances accompanying and preceding the resolu-
tion had not taken away the grounds assumed.
The navy bill, than which none was of more im-
portance, had been taken up at the instance of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means on the 13th of January, and although all
the reasons for speedy action upon it existed at
that time, which were afterwards alleged, yet it
was laid over the very next day, and made to give
place from day to day to measures of inferior
importance, without explanation or apology. On
the 22d of January the majority of the House
