1836]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
24th Cong....1st Sess.
agreed to consider the resolution of the gentle-
mm irom M issichusttts, [Mr. Adxms,] and all
the cuius of the House, and consequently all the
business of the House, wis postpontd for the
purpose of heiimg a discussion on the loss of
tin. tluee million appropuation. This subject
was permitted to occupy fiui or five days, but
the t xpenence if that discussion piodueeda very
decidal change m the House in regtid to the
propnetj of paitv discussions in general. It was
very evident tliat, although the majoiity were
highly gntihed by ti e effort of the honorable gen-
tltman «ho otfeied the resolution, [Mr. Advms,]
Vit they did not relish the reply quite so well.
Some uneasiness began to be felt before the gen-
tleman horn Virginia [Mr Wise] concluded his
remuks, and miny of the party began to think
that any indulgence in such discussions was
wrong, and to wonder how they had fallen into
the error of voting to consider the resolution
The resolution of the gentleman fiom Virginia
[Mr Mtsov] was in good time to repair the error
into winch the paity had fallen. It is deserving
ot lemark, that on the evening of the same day
on which this resolution was offered, the messen-
ger arrived in this city, bringing with him an
offer of the mediation of Great Britain in settling
the difference between this country and France,
and I ha\e sufficient evidence to satisfy me that
before thattime information, through some chan-
nel or other, had reached this Government that
E'igland would interpose her good offices to pre-
vent a war                                          ,
Mr MASON denied that he had received any
information w httevei of the intention of the Eng-
lish Government to offer her mediation. He also
said that the resolution had been under consider-
ation in the Committee on Foreign Relations,
several days before he offered it, and denied that
he had any other motive in offering the resolu-
tion than the one he announced at the time.
Mr BELL. I must say that I did suppose the
gentleman from Virginia possessed some inform-
ation In relation to the French question which
was not in the knowledge of the House. I now
dismiss my suspicions, and acquit him; but his
ignorance of what must have been known to the
Go1 ernment, only shows that the degree of con-
fidence to which his station in this House entitles
him, is not given to him by those at the head of
affa rs. Sail, sir, the circumstances that the hour
of one o'clock each day was the hour the resolu-
tion fixed for taking up the appropriation bills;
the certainty that by this course the debate on
the resolution of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] would be cut off; and the
further circumstance that other bills besides these
for the support of the Army and Navy and for
fortifications, were embraced in that resolution,
are sufficient to justify the opinioh that it was
designed by some of those who took a part in
getting it brought forward and adopted, to have
the effect that I have ascribed to it. Besides, I
must say to the gentleman from Virginia, that I
cannot so readily forgive him for his neglect—
after he had seen that the appropriation bills
still slept upon the table, and that the only effect
of his resolution was to give the majority of the
House an undue control over its business—to come
forward and move to rescind it. When all pros-
pect of a war with France had ceased, it was his
duty to have taken this course. I cannot forget,
either, that instead of urging the execution of the
order he had obtained, giving a preference to the
appropriation bills, he upon several occasions
gave his vote to take up subjects of minor im-
portance. The effect of that resolution was to
give an undue power to the majority cf this House
over the subjects of debate. It operated to re-
strain the freedom of discussion; and I have a
right, under the circumstances, to consider that
it was so intended by the majority. I pronounce
the course of proceeding with that resolution as
unprecedented, unparliamentary, and oppressive
to the minority.
If the spirit of the resolution of 2Gth January
shall be carried out by the party in power, it will
result in the reenactment of the sedition law of
1798. It is founded precisely upon the same pol-
icy, and we have only to go a step or two fur-
ther, and the object of the sedition law will be
effected, so far as regards the freedom of debate
Policy of the Government—Mr. Bell.
in this House. The ob|ect of the sedition law of
1798 was to suppress discussion, and to pievent
attacks upon the paity in powei. Such was the
object of this resolution.
There is more than one circumstance in the
state of the times, Mi Chairman, which is cal-
culated to remind us of the era of 1798; and that
I may not be thought to have refened to that pe-
riod without very sufficient reason, I beg leave
briefly to notice the similarity between the two
periods of 1798 and 1836 The alien and sedition
laws, the proposition of the party then in power to
establish a standing army, and to create and main-
tain a great naval armament, were regarded by the
Republican party, in 1798, as hostile to the genius
and spirit of our free institutions, and tending de-
cidedly to the introduction of arbitrary power.
The party now in power are in favor of both these
measures The sedition law was based upon the
idea of the same infallibility of the Piesident and
the party then in a majority in Congress, which is
now assumed for the present Executive and the
party now in power. But there was a war panic in
1798, just such as we have recently had in our time.
There was said to be a Fiench party in this coun-
try in 1798, and, most strange to relate, it has been
proclaimed upon this floor in the course of this
debate, that there is a French party now in this
countiy. To show how the war panic, and the
pioposition for a standing army and a great navy,
weie spoken of and resisted in 1798, and to lllus-
tiate the striking coincidences of the two periods,
I will read an extract from one of the thousand
íemonstrances laid before Congress in 1798-99.
The one from which this extract is taken was
adopted and forwarded by a public meeting of
the stern Republican yeomen of the great State of
Pennsylvania
" Your memorialists would further beg leave to remon
strate against several of tile measures which either have
been adopted, or which may be still in contemplation, in
consequence of our negotiation with the French Republic,
as productive of an unnecessary increase ol the public debt,
and the introduction of an oppressive system ol taxation
These measures appear to be founded on the alarm which
has been excited and industriously circulated throughout
the United Mates about the danger of a I rench invasion,
but vour memorialists see no good reason to believe lhat
this alarm can be well founded , tor admitting it to be true
what has been so often assi rted of late, that the French
people IiaVL been so unfoi túnate as to choose tor themselves
an executive branch to their Governnn nt which is proud,
vain, and ambitious, and disposed to exercise undue influ-
ence or arbitran control over the legislate e councils ot our
country, and inclined to convert the power and resources
of that nation to such purposes as will best suit their am
bitious projects, \ 11 it does not appear that they have any
intention or disposition to invade this country, your me-
morialists cannot see in an expedition to Egxpt, as against
the Briti-h settlements in the East Indies, as in thesupposed
bad conduct of the French armies in Switzerland or in
Italy, any evidence of an intention to invade the United
States, more especiallj when it is considered that they are
destitute of a force bj sea, and it war with a nation so
greatly superior to them on the water Your memorialists
therefore conceive that this alarm, which they think must
now be considered as altogether ill founded, ought not to
be deemed a motive sufficient to justify the introduction of
a standing army into the United ¡states, and of the estab
lishment of an expensa enaiy, which must greatly increase
the public debt, introduce an oppressive and burdensome
system of taxation, and remove all hopes from the people
ot being ever relieved from the evils that grow out of a
funding system."
I beg leave also to read a paragiaph from the
i report of the Secretary of the Navy in 1798,
upon the subject of increasing this arm of the
national defense. Taking care to omit the date,
this report might very properly have been copied
and sent to Congress as a substitute for the doc-
I trines and recommendations of the last special
message:
| " The protection of our coast, the security of our exten-
sive country from invasion in some of its weikest parts,
the safety ot our important commerce, and our future peace,
when the maritime nations of Europe war with each other,
all seem to demand that our naval force should be aug
mented, so much augmented, indeed, as to make the most
powerful nations desire our friendship, the most unprin-
cipled respect our neutrality The peiceful character of
America will afford to the world sufficient security that we
shall not be easily provoked to carry war into the country
of an enemy, and it well becomes the wisdom of America
to provide a cheap defense to keep it from our own "
I might further corroborate what I have said
of the striking resemblance between the doctrines
and incidents of the era of 1798 and the present
penod, by quoting from the report of the Secie-
taiy of Wai, made in 1798, but it is only a rep-
i etition of the same views applied to the Army
I embraced in the extract I have just cited.   But,
Ho. of Reps.
sir, there was a Union panic got up in 1798 also.
To show upon what grounds this panic was
created, and how it was met by the leaders of the
Republican party at that day, 1 will lead an
extract from a cotemporary publication of one of
the most distinguished of that party, a son of
Vuginia, and who, during the whole of Mr.
Jeffeison's admimstiation, was one of thegieatest
ornaments and most distinguished champions of
republicanism in Congress, I allude to William
B  Giles
After dwelling at some length upon the first part
ofa conversation which had become the subjectof
a newspaper discussion, Mr Giles proceeded thus:
" I remarked that I always had been, and still was, a
friend of the Union , yet, if the measures proposed were to
be adopted as permanent systems, I would rather sec a
separation of the Union, upon propei and paeific arrange-
ments, than be perpetually subject to all the pernicious
consequences which in my opinion would necessarily flow
from them , I considered disunion as a deplorable event,
but less deplorable than a prrpetuitv of expensive armies,
perpetuity ol expensive navies, perpetuity of exce-sive
debts, perpetuity of excessive taxes, and all the oppressive
consequences resulting therefrom I explained furthci by
saying that I hoped these propositions would never be
matured into political systems, that I trusted the constitu-
tional correcUve would soon be applied , that after the peo
pie should become apprised of the artifice of exciting and
playing off their prejudices in one part of the Union against
their prejudices in another, after thev shall become fatigued
with various delusions practiced upon them by interested
partisans, they will listen to the voict of interest, and, in
a regular and constitutional way, relieve themselves from,
their oppressions, if they should unfortunately be system-
atized "
These proofs and references establish, beyond
cavil, the truth of what I have said as to the close
resemblance between the parties in power in 1798
and at the present moment The analogy is man-
ifest in the powers assumed by and for the Ex-
ecutive; in the policy in relation to a standing
army and a great naval establishment, and in
many of the practices of the party then and now
in power. Sir, the doctrines and practices of the
party in power in 1798, I affirm, are vindicated
and justified by the course and pnnciples of the
one now in the ascendency. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] is not so inconsist-
ent as some of his former fuends have supposed
him to be. Ho is now supporting the principles
to winch he P'lheied during his own Administra-
tion, and win i he is also impelled to sustain by
the most powerful and interesting considerations
arising out of the recollection who it was that
held the reins of Government in 1798. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has not changed his
principles, but the dominant party have become
converts to his doctrines and policy. I infer that
he is now engaged to support them in all their
measures, but this is a declaration I feel, upon
reflection, I have no right to make.
But, sir, alarming and dangerous as were the
pretensions of the Federal party in 1798, it was
less dangerous to the country and its institutions
than the one which is now seeking to perpetuate
its power and maxims. The party in '98 had
the frankness and manliness to assume and avow
their principles. They openly pi oclaimed them,
defended them with courage, and finally fell by
them. But, sir, the party now in power shrink
fiom the open avowal of their real principles.
They assume the mask of Republicans, and while
they practice upon many of the most odious
maxims of the party in power in '98, they do all
in the name of democracy and liberty
If any one shall object to this discussion because
it savors of President-making; if any gentleman
shall be deluded by the opinion that topics directly
connected with the politics of the day should be
excluded from this Hall, I ask him to reflect for
a moment upon the fact that no subject, at this
day, of importance, does not arise in Congress
which is not sustained or opposed, and finally
decided,upon principles and motives which enter
directly and deeply into the presidential canvass,
and ultimately decide that issue. And when, sir,
the action of this House, and so great a propor-
tion of the business of this House, is dictated and
controlled by party views, and to advance or
depress the prospects of one or the other of the
candidates for the Presidency, shall it be held
improper to speak out, to avow openly, and
vindicate, in debate, the motives and principles
which actually govern our votes' Sir, does not
every gentleman know that the very first busi-
