"724
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 16,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Bell.
Ho. op R
EPS.
ness of the session, I mean the election of the
principal officers of the House, and that one
especially who is known to nossess great power
and influence in shaping ami directing the enure
business of the session, was decided upon grounds
intimately connected with President-making' I
hope I may be permuted to refer to this part of
the action of the House without o(Thiisi>, since I
can do so w.thout the slightest feeling on my
part against anv portion of the members who
compose it. That election, sir, was openly
claimed and boasted of in the columns of the
paiiv press, as a test of the strength of the party
attached to the interest of the Vice President.
But it has of late become more important than
at any former period in the history of the Gov-
ernment, that this subject of President-making
should be taken up seriously, and made a part
of the regular business of Congress. By force of
that system of party organization and discipline,
which is now rapidly maturing and spreading
itself over the country, it must soon come to pass,
if, indeed, it is not now the case, that the election
of a President determines every other question
of public policy or public interest for at least four
■years, and perhaps eight. If this be so; if it be
true that everything is to be settled by the decrees
of the party, and that the President, at the head
of the party, is only the organ through which
their decree is to be communicated to Congress,
then I appeal to you, sir, whether you [Mr.
Hamer] would not, upon reflection, retract a
sentiment expressed the other day, and admit
the importance of discussing every question con-
nected nearly or remotely with the presidential '
election ?
I repeat that, if the doctrine is to be established
•that no member of this House who professes to
belong to the party in power can vote against a
measure recommended, either publicly or pri-
vately, by the President, without incurring the
imputation of deserting his party—and such, I
believe, is the rigor of the new system of party
tactics in operation—if whatever the President
recommends cannot be resisted by the party
which profess to support him, 1 assert that this
subject of President-making is the first and most
important that can and ought to occupy our at-
tention. If the result of an election is to annihi-
late the independent power of action by Congress,
and put everything in the hands of the President
of a party, it is time not only to assert the right
to discuss the question here, but to do it promptly,
freely, and fully; and it shall not oe my fault if it
is not done. There is strong reason to believe
that the obligations of party are held so sacred
that none who belong to the majority dare to do
anything which the President shall forbid, or to
fail in the support of whatever he shall recom-
mend. Have we not lately seen the force of this
obligation to be so strong in this House that the
absolute power of peace and war was ready to be
yielded up, in effect, into the hands of one man?
Coming to the House under the extraordinary
Farty pledges usual in popular elections of late,
hope it will not be regarded as improper or dis-
respectful to ask, if the President had, during the
late crisis, said " we must have war," would the
party in this House have had the power to gain-
say it; War we must then have had; and the
moral power was not in this House to resist it,
whatever may have been the private opinions
of honorable members of the wisdom of such a
measure.
No occasion can be more appropriate for the
discussion ol the principles ami practices of the
Government, than the one presented by the ap-
propriation bills presented as a whole. It is pro-
posed to increase the annual expenditure for the
military defenses of the country and internal im-
provement, ten millions in one year. It isa new
erain the history of the Government. So-extrav-
agant a proposition is unknown in our annals.
The results of this new policy are beyond the
ken orconreption of many; but those who planned
it, understood them well enough, though it may
not be desirable to their interests to avow them
all at once. The first inevitable resist of this
policy, if it shai! be sanctioned by Congress, will
be the introduction, in a short period, of an in-
creased and oppressing system of taxation. An
increased annual expeüditureof ten millions may
be met for a few years from the present sources
of revenue; but the public lands are now in a state
of such rapid exhaustion, that veiy soon we will
find our revenue from this quarter reduced to a
million orkss. The public works which we are
now about to commence must be carrird on, and
funds will have to be raised to support those
which may be finished in the mean time. Then
comes a new and increased system of taxation
as a matter of course, with its usual train of
evils.
But what will be a more serious consequence,
is the great increase of the Army and Navy, which
cannot fail to follow the adoption of this new and
extravagant policy. When all the navy-yards,
and all the new fortifications now proposed to be
established shall be completed, a standing army
of less than fifteen or twenty thousand men would
not be thought of, or tolerated under the new im-
pulse which is soon to be given to the military
spirit. Indeed, less than that number would not
be sufficient to guard our western frontier, and at
the same time secure so many fortifications upon
the sea-coast against surprise. As to the Navy,
after such gigantic preparations for the improve-
ment and increase of it as are now proposed, will
a navy of less than one hundred ships-of-war in
commission be regarded as at all admissible for a
country of such resources, of such character and
importance in the scale of nations? Such are the
viewsofgr'andeurand power which are now begin-
ning to exercise an important influence over the
course ofmanyof the leading men in power. Some
opinion may be formed of the magnificence of the
projects of the party, from the declaration upon
this subject of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cambreleng,] made in the course of his re-
marks upon the resolution of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.] That gentleman
expressed the hope that in a short time we would
see the Navy of this country placed upon a foot-
ing to cope with the most powerful maritime
power of Europe! Who does not see from all
this that we are to have an increased tariff in due
season, and that the managers of the party are
preparing to claim the support of the manufac-
turing interests?
But if we should be satisfied that it is the true
policy of the country to adopt the plan of defend-
ing the country by fortifications, no matter at
what cost; to increase the Army and Navy, at
the risk even of an increased system of taxation,
still the inquiry and discussion which I propose
to go into, will be of great importance. The
system of public defense may be wise and pru-
dent in itself; but the time and manner of carry-
ing it into execution, may, and does demand a
separate consideration. The improvement of the
I Navy, and the new fortifications projected, it is
estimated will require an annual expenditure of
$10,000,000 for ten years, making a total of
! 1100,000,000. The faithful and judicious appli-
cation of this vast fund, supposing it to be settled
that it shall be expended upon these objects, be-
comes a subject of the deepest interest to the
whole country. The country has a light to in-
quire who are the agents and public servants who
are about to be intrusted with the disbursement
of this enormous capital. Are they faithful?
Are they competent? Have they proved them-
selves so upon past trial? Sir, a great prelim-
inary question is to be settled before we add
$10,000,000 to the usual annual expenditure. It
is a question of confidence in public servants, as
well as expediency. Who are they that demand
from the representatives of the people this sig-
nal mark of confidence to place $10,600,000 in
their hands during the present year, more than
at any former period ? Are they the same public
servants who have had charge of the public de-
fenses during our late difficulties with France,
and under whose superintendence they have suf-
fered decay and dilapidation? By what title do
they ask this extraordinary evidence of confi-
dence?
Sir, they ask for money and increased confi-
dence; we demand scrutiny into past conduct.
They ask for reward for past merit and service;
it may become our duty to arraign them as delin-
I quents before the tribunal of the public, instead
I of pouring the Treasury into their laps.   To vote
I money u the least difficult «ad most pleasant
I duty of a representative of the people. It requires
1 neither experience, industry, talents, nor fidelity
in membeis. But, sir, to see and to provide that
it shall be faithfully expended and applied to ob-
jects of public utility, is a more difficult as well as
more important pan of our duty. lam aware
that upon this question of confidence and compe-
tency of the public officers of the Government, as
well as the policy of making large appiopnations
for building up the defenses of the country, there
is a ready and conclusive argument at hand, in
the minds of many. I know well enough that all
objections are intended to be met and put down
here and before the people, by holding up for
their due regard and acquiescence the sentiment
and recommendation of the late special message
upon French affairs. It should be borne in mind
that twenty-five thousand copies of that message
were ordered to be printed by this House; and
in a week from the date of that order, the whole
number was said to be published and at the dis-
posal of members, when at the same time there
were documents ordered to be printed at the com-
mencement of the session, which had not been
furnished. It is easy to penetrate the design of
this unusual dispatch. That document was ex-
pected to give tone to public sentiment generally
and speedily. The effect of it upon this House,
after it had had time to be returned upon it through
a thousand channels, was relied upon to pass the
bill necessary to carry this new policy of the
Administration into execution. I beg leave to
read a single paragraph of this message, that I
may submit a few remarks upon the singular
character of it:
" I may be permitted, I trust, at this time, without a sus-
picion of the most remote desire to throw off censure from
the Executive or to point it to any other department or
l branch ot the Government, to referió the want of efl'cctive
1 preparation in which our country was found at the late
crisis. From the nature of our institutions, the movements
of the Government in preparation for hostilities must ever
be too slow for the exigencies of unexpected war. 1 «ubmit
it, then, to jou, whether i he first duty we owe to the people
who have confided t  us their power, is not to place our
country in such an attitude as always to be so amply sup-
plied witii the means of self delense as to afford no induce-
ment to other nations to presume upon our forbearance, or
to expect important advantages from a sudden a-sault,
either upon our commerce, or sea coast, or our interior
frontier. In «ase of the commencement of hostilities during
i the recess of Congress, the ume inevitably elaps'ng before
that body could be called together, even under the most
favorable circumstances, would be pregnant with danger,
and if we escaped without signal disaster or national dis-
honor, the hazard of both unnecessarily incurred, could
not fail to excite a feeling of deep reproach. I earnestly
recommend to you, therefore, to make such provisions, that
in no future time shall we be found without ample means to
repel aggression, even although it may tome upon us without
a note of warning. We are now, fortunately, so situated
that the expenditure for this purpose will not be felt; and
if it were, it would be approved by those from whom all
its means are derived, and for who«e benefit only it should
be u~ed with a liberal economy and an enlightened fore-
cast."
Here, sir, we have a distinct avowal that there
has been gross neglect somewhere. That is some-
thing gained; but it is left doubtful whether it is
Congress or the Executive that is chargeable
with the neglect which is so manifest as to call
for a full acknowledgment. It is evident, how-
ever, that the effect of the manner of this admis-
sion is to shield the delinquents, whoever they
may be, and to charge the defenseless condition
of our country at the late crisis to the nature of
our Government. I shall, before I sit down, en-
deavor to vindicate our form of Government from
this charge, at least, so far as concerns the late
default. I pledge myself to show who were the
real delinquents, and what were their employ-
ments when they should have been taking care
of the public safety and interests. But there ap-
pears to me to be an inconsistency in the passage
I have just read, which I cannot omit to point
oat. In one part of the paragraph this sentiment
is expressed:
"From the nature of our institutions, the movements of
the Government in the preparations for hostilities must ever
be too slow for the exigencies of unexpected war."
In another part of the same paragraph, we find
this sentence:
"/ earnestly recommend to you, therefore, to make such
provisions, thnt in no future time shall we be found without
ample means to repel aggression, even although it may come
upon us without a note of warning."
Now, sir, I do not know that it is proper to
con*id«r this passage as the result of deliberation,
