726
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
and powerful opponent of the practice of caucus [
nominations in 1824, is now the letder of the
party in that State which supports the candidate
of the Baltimore Convenuon.
In General Jackson's second canvass for the
ofhce which he now holds, commencing in 182Ó,
the first, most exciting, and one of the most im-
portant positions or pnnciples assumed by his
li lends, was, that the right of the people to elect
the President should be rescued from the hands
of political manageis in and out of Congiess, and
vindicated and secured to them by new constitu-
tional guarantees. The recent election of the
gentleman from Massachusetts v\ ho sits before
me [Mr. Ad\ms] liad given rise to this leehng
and determination of the Jackson party. Hence
the proposition to amend the Constitution so as
forever to prevent the recurrence of a similar
event, was taken up and proclaimed as a capital
object to be accomplished by the election of Gen-
eral Jackson. So serious and obligatory was
this engagement of his original suppoiteis re-
garded by General Jackson, that he has ft It him-
self bound in common decency and candor, to
bring the subject of an amendment of the Con-
stitution to the notice of Congiess at the beginning
of every session of his administration But what
has been the result' The party winch now has
the assurance to claim tobe the only and exclusive
supporters of that distinguished man, have will-
fully evaded the subject, as I will show befoie I
close mv remarks. They appear to have come
to an understanding among themselves, to regard
all that the President is in the habit of repeating
upon this subject as an empty form. It has never
been made a party question since General Jack-
son's first election. The fear of an election by the
House was too potent an argument in favor of
caucus nominations to be dispensed with by a
sagacious party.
Another, and most important principle assumed
by the Jackson party in the canvass between 1825
and 1829, was, that it was essential to the purity
of the Government, and to the independence of
the elective franchise, that the practice of electing
any of the great official incumbents to the Pres-
idency should be broken down. It was observed
that, in the early period of the Government, it had
come to be considered, that the Vice President
should, almost as a matter of course, and of right,
succeed to the Presidency The first, Mr Adams,
who was Vice President during General Washing-
ton's administration, was the next President.
Mr. Vice President Jefferson ousted Mr. Adams;
and, no doubt, but for the suicidal course of Mr.
Vice President Burr, he would have succeeded
Mr. Jefferson as President. But in Mr. Burr the
regular succession of the Vice President to the
Presidency was broken, and afterwards the Sec-
retary of State acquired something like a prescrip-
tive right to succeed to the Presidency. We must
all remember the sentiment of a distinguished gen-
tleman from Kentucky, (Mr. Cut,) expressed
in justification of his vote as a member of this
House, in favor of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Ad\ms,] upon this subject; he
avowed the opinion that the election of the Secre-
tary of State to the Presidency was a safe prece-
dent How obnoxious this doctrine soon became,
and how much the author of it suffered in the es-
timation of the honest and stern yeomanry of the
country who supported General Jackson is well
known. It was said that if the precedent of elect-
ing any of the great officers of the Government
to the Presidency should be followed for any great
length of time, we might as well establish a he-
reditary succession at once. The argument was
ably and powerfully enforced that such a practice
would necessarily lead to great abuses of the pat-
ronage and influence of the Executive. That a
public officer of so high a grade being always near
the Government, and constituting a part of it,
would always be able, with a very small share of
address, to conciliate the favor and support of the
Executive. Have these arguments lost their force
by the mere lapse of time' Do they not carry with
them the same weightand conclusiveness now that
they did during the canvass which brought Gen-
eral Jackson into power' Yet, sir, do we not see
in the support which is given by the Government
to the Vice President, this important principle;
these solid arguments all set aside and trampled
under foot by the party which still bears the name
of Jackson'
It was also a favorite principle and a most
effective topic of electioneering declamation by the
Jackson party, that the purity and independence
of the public press should be guarded and pro-
tected by legal restrictions and provisions against
the influence and control of the Executive     It
was thought by the Jackson party in former years,
that $30,000, disbursed at the discretion of the
Secretary of State, was sufficient to corrupt, in a
dangeious degree, the entire public press.    The
discretion of the Secretary of State, it was seri-
ously contended, ought to be limited by law, so
as to pi event the possible abuse of this fund by
bestowinsitupon political partisans. Who among
us does not remember the famous resolution of a
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr Sounders]
upon this subject, and the equally famous debate
that arose upon it'    It was, I believe, a favorite
scheme of my colleague, who is now the presid-
ing officer of this House, [Mr. Polk,] to take
from the Secretary of State the power of desig-
nating the publishers of the laws, and to vest it
in the House of Representatives, so important at
that day was the punty of the public press le-
garded by the Jackson party.    I well íemember
what a decided effect was produced upon  the
minds of the people in the State which I represent
in pait, and what indignation was excited by the
single act of the Secretary of State under the late
Administration, of taking the printing of the laws
from the Nashville Republican, a paper friendly
to the election of General Jackson, and giving it
to the Whig, a paper published in the same place,
and supposed to be in the inteiest of the Admin-
istration.   Well, sir, in the vicissitude of human
affairs, it so happened that the party in whose
cause the'Nashville Republican had suffered, came
to be uppermost, and it was restored to its former
rights and benefits, but, as if it were intended to
manifest the utmost possible contempt foi  the
early principles of Jacksonism, and to give the
most unequivocal guarantee to new allies which
the nature of the case admits, that all the princi-
ples avowed by the original Jackson party are,
henceforth and forever, to be repudiated and foi-
gotten, the present orthodox Secretary of State
has recently ordered the printing of the laws to
be again taken from the Nashville Republican,
which is now supporting Judge White for the
Presidency, and  given to the Union, a paper
printed in the same place, a paper purely paitisan
in its character, newly established, and of a very
limited circulation, but in the interest of the Vice
President     The Postmaster General has added
his testimony to that of the Secietary of State,
that the early principles identified with the name
of Jackson are no longer to be the guide of the
party in power      He has not only appointed a
printer ofa newspapei to be postmaster of a very
thriving and considerable town in Tennessee, but
the pnntei and the postmaster are actually suf-
feied to meetin the same office.    It is needless to
say that this printer is also an avowed suppoiter
of the Vice President     But, sir, to enumeiateall
the evidences which exist to show the deliberate
purpose of the party to use the patronage of the
Government in seducing the pubhc press to their
mteiests, would far exceed the limits of my re-
marks.
I But the necessity of reform—a retrenchment
J of the expenditures of the Government, and the
reduction and limitation of Executive patronage,
were the perpetual themes of the Jackson party,
as originally constituted. The Augean stable,
over which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] was said to preside, was to be
cleansed. The number of Executive officers was
to be diminished, and the discretionary power of
the President of removing or changing them was
to be restrained by legal enactments. The prin-
ciple of all these engagements of the party, and
to which they were bound by the highest obli-
gations of truth, honor, and patriotism, was re-
garded as vital. Corruption through Executive
patronage, it was foreseen, would become so uni-
versal, as soon to sap and undermine the pure
foundation of our free institutions, and convert
them into the mere instruments of power and
ambition. How these promises and expecta-
tions have been fulfilled  by the party which
3S"
1S-
now wears its mantle, may be inferred from the
facts—
1st The abuses then existing in several de-
paitments of the public service have actually
multiplied under the present Administration, in-
stead of being leformed.
2d The expenditmes, especially in thos
blanches of the public service most liable to sus
picion and abuse, have been inereased
3d. Public offices have been increased, and nu-
merous officers have been apnomtfd, some with
discietionmy and aibitiary allow am rs, and vome
vv ith annual salaries, without necessity or wai rant
of law.
The pationage of the Government, instead of
being reduced, has of late betn incieased in a
most extraordinary and alarming degiee in a va-
riety of ways. The most obvious and alaiming
accession of Executive pationage, powei, and
influence which has taken place has proceeded
from the policy of the Administration in putting
down the United States Bank. Whatevti may
have been the motive, howevei pure and honest
the puipose, the effect of that policy has been
most cleaily to put the Treasury, the money-
power of the country, at the absolute disposal of
the Executive. Wheie is now your Tieasui y,
and by what guards is it watched and secuied '
If the Piesident should think proper to convert
the entne revenue of the Government to any ob-
jects whatevei of his own, whether public or
private, is there any check or contiol existing in
any department or officer of the Government, or
any law,accoiding to the constiuction winch has
been put upon existing enactments, ovti his will
or command ' Are not all the depositories of the
public moneys stlected, chans-i d, and the terms
of then connection with the Treasury modified,
at the meie will and pleasuie of the Executive '
Can he not order the public moneys to be retained
in the hands of the collectors and receive!s, or
paid ovei.just as he shall think proper to dnect'
Though it may be that we have no just ground
to appiehend any misapplication of the public
funds by the President, (and I for one ceitainly
have no such fears,) yet, is it fit in a Republic
that any one man—no niattei how exalted m the
public estimation—should have it in his power
to dispose of the public moneys at his disci etion '
Is it fit, I repeat, that such a state of things should
continue even for a day But, su , a party, which
calls itself íepubhcan, has sufFeied not only month'?
but yeais to elapse under their admimstiation of
public affans, without pioviding a íemedy for
this evil.
But although we may have no fear of the fidel-
ity of the President, so far as re^aids the expend-
itures of the public moneys by him, yet the mis-
chief of increased Executive patronage is actually
abroad. The command of the depositonesof the
public money confers upon the Executive, in
effect, the control of eveiy bank in the Union,
nearly five bundled in number. It is not only the
deposit banks which are liable to become the in-
struments of his will and puiposes in the selection
of then officers and the geneial management of
their affairs, but the contiol which he exeicises
ovei them, clothes him with the power toemoar-
rass and cripple the operation of every other bank
in the United States, if he shall think proper to
exercise it. Does any one doubt the ability of
the Government, acting through an unofficial and
irresponsible agent, upon the vauous deposito-
ries of the public moneys, to bring sudden desti uc-
tion upon the interests and affairs of any bank
whatever which may incur the displeasure of the
party in power' If the late bank chartered by
Pennsylvania shall be able to encounter the hos-
tility of the Government, I undertake to say it
will be the only one which can hope to sustain
itself in such a conflict. The very consciousness
that the power exists in the Executive of the
United States to inflict so great an injury upon
the interests of any institution which shall cross
the wishes of those in powei, whether there shall
be any intention to exeicise it or not, will cause
every bank in the country to become more or less
subservient to the purposes of the dominant party.
But is there not just such an agent as I have
described now in the employment of the Govern-
ment' The Secietary ot the Tieasury cou'd not
be safely made the instrument of Executive in-
