723
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22.
24th Cong....] st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Bell.
Ho. op Reps.
of the succession—for this may be well enough
called the war of the succession, in the future his-
tory of ¡lie politics of the country, and one which,
in my opinion, the friends of free government
everywhere will long deplore. 1 allude to the
practice of governing and securing party ascend-
ency by an'artful system of popular excitement
and delusion. The people are treated more like
children, to be led and controlled by the usual
tricks of the nursery, by bewildering their fancies
and exciting their fears, than as men who have
understandings to be appealed to.
The cause of free government, I maintain, has
suffered, under the action of the party in power,
in this respect. The doctrine of the capacity of
the people for self-government has been weakened
by it. For the last two years the subjects which
have been gotten up to agitate the public mind,
and which, in many sections, were successful in
securing majorities to the party of the succession,
were a series of pretenses and impostures. I can-
not refrain from an attempt to expose some of
them as they deserve. I pass over the gold and
silver humbug of 1S34, and which went off about
the close of the elections in Pennsylvania and else-
where in that year. I pass over also the impos-
ture of the expunging project of the party, which
has only recently spent its force. This question,
all mankind must soon see, was got up with a
view to change the political complexion of the
Senate in regard to questions of more interest to
the party than the vindication of the character of
the President, as the late confirmation of certain
appointments will show.
I desire chiefly, sir, to call the attention of the
committee to the late war panic, as one of the
engines invented to sustain the interests and carry
out the projects of the party. I am disposed to
discuss fully the rise, progress, and uses of the
late French war; for, sir, we had a species of war
with the French, and it had progressed so far
that we had actually a French party organized in
the country, according to the declaration of va-
rious public journals. One use for which this
was gotten up appears to have been to enable the
party to traduce the conduct and motives of
various individuals, and indeed the whole party
opposed to the continuance in power of those
who now exercise a controlling influence in the
country. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cambreleng] did me the honor to notice my mo-
tion to take up the subject of the rules of the
House before we went into committee upon the
appropriation bills; and he charged that I had
opposed his motion to take up the appropriation
bills at the time when the country was exposed
to the danger of a war with " a powerful enemy,"
to talk about rules! I made that motion in all
honesty for the purpose I then stated, and I now
appeal to the committee to say if we have not
lost a great portion of the time of this session for
the want of some amendments to the rules of the
House ? But the gentleman refuted his charge
when, on the next day, after the Navy bill was
taken up it was laid aside upon his motion, with-
out any other apology than that it was import-
ant to act upon the bill for the relief of the suffer-
ers by the late fire in New York. Upon the
authority of this charge of the gentleman from
New York, I must suppose a statement was found
in the Globe, the official paper of the Govern-
ment, which 1 beg leave to read.
[Here Mr. B. read a paragraph from the Globe,
in which it was stated, among other things, that
Mr. B. had opposed appropriations for putting
the country in a state of defense.]
I care nothing for any of the misstatements in
the paragraph which I have read, except the one
which charges that I was opposed to appropria-
tions for the defense of the country. This state-
ment is so far from being true, that I took the first
occasion which fairly presented itself to declare
my readiness to vote for liberal appropriations for
this object; and such was my determination from
the first. To show how far the political man-
agers had succeeded in agitating the country by
theircourse upon this subject, I will read another
paragraph from the same paper of the 2d Feb-
ruary:
" Resolutions, sustaining, in the strongest terms, the
ground taken by the President's message, have passed
both branches of the New York Legislature, unanimously.
Nothing can speak more absolutely the sentiments of the
American people, tliuu tins timuiiinoui expression of the
feeling of all parties, where the party line is mo>t strictly
drawn, and firmly maintained. There was never, we pre-
sume, a unanimous vote on any great question in that State
before.
•• Alabama, too. tlip Legislature which has just adjourned,
closed its labors with a patriotic declaration that I lie State
would pour out its blood and treasure like water to sustain
the Executive in the stand he has taken tor the rights of the
country."
Similar resolutions were passed by many other
State Legislatures. Further to ttnfold the use
which was intended to be made of the excitement
created upon this question, and how, and upon
whom the indignation of the country was in-
tended to be pointed, when once successfully
routed, by unfounded misrepresentations, I nsk
leave to read another paragraph from the same
paper of the 11th of January.
After quoting the sentiment of the late Gov-
ernor Shelby, of Kentucky, in relation to the
policy of increasing the public defenses and pre-
paring for war in time of peace, the editor makes
the following comment upon it:
" What humiliation, alter all the warning we have had,
that the French should have the opportunity afforded, of
profiting by our dereliction of his invaluable instruction, of
adopting the policy abandoned by us, and sweeping across
the seas, prepared to punish in a whole people the vice of
tolerating fodious cabals of selfish intriguers, ready to sacri-
fice every public virtue, every patriotic feeling, to the sin-
ister ends of personal ambition."
Besides these improper uses made of the late
panic, there is strong reason to believe that an-
other object in keeping it up, was to aid in dis-
posing of the surplus revenue of the Government.
I feel myself, therefore, justified in remarking
fully upon the whole question, and I now propose
to demonstrate the following propositions:
1. Either that there was no probability, at any
time, of a war with France, or that the public
functionaries of the Government have been guilty
of a criminal neglect of their public duties; or if
there was actual danger of war, then that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cambreleng]
and those with whom he is associated in con-
trolling the action of the Government, have pal-
tered with the honor and safety of the country.
It may be of use to recur to the dates of the
principal events connected with our recent diffi-
culties with France. The treaty was signed on
the 4th of July, 1831. The bill drawn by this
Government for the first installment due under the
treaty was presented and protested on the 2d of
February, 1833. The treaty was laid before the
Chamber of Deputies; for the first time, on the
6th of April, 1833; a second time on the 11th of
June, 1833; and a third time on the 13th of Jan-
uary, 1834. It was rejected by the Chamber of
Deputies on the Istof April, 1834. Information
of this rejection reached AVashington on the 6th
of May following. Congress was then in session,
and did not adjourn before the 30th day of June
following. The message of the President,recom-
mending reprisals, was sent to Congress the 2d of
December, 1834. The French Government re-
call their Minister in January, 1835. Congress
adopted a resolution to adhere to the treaty on
the 2d of March, 1835. The Chamber of Depu-
ties passed the indemnity bill, including a clause
requiring an apology from this Government as a
condition of payment, on the 18th of April, 1835.
Information of this fact, 1 suppose, must have
reached this Government in June following at the
furthest. The letter of the Due de Broglie was
read to Mr. Forsyth on the 11th of September,
1835. Connecting the order of these events with
the incidents connected with each of them, and
which would require too much time to enumerate,
it will be seen that some grounds to apprehend a
rupture with France might have been found in
the protest of the bill for the first installment due
under the treaty, and the delay in carrying the
treaty before the Chamber of Deputies. But if
war was tobe apprehended, at any time, it would
seem that the rejection of the treaty in April,
1834, would furnish the strongest ground of such
apprehension. It was then that the most alarm-
ing spirit showed itself in the French Chamber
of Deputies.
But admitting that that occurrence was so ex-
plained as to remove any serious fears of a rup-
ture, the recall of the Minister of France in Jan-
uary, 1835, would seem calculated to cause some
alarm; but if that was not sufficient, surely, if
there was ever any danger of war, it must have
been developed upon the passage of the indem-
nity bill, with a clause requiring an apology, in
April, 1835; but, at all evonts, this danger, if it
existed at all, must have become manifest upon
the receipt of the letter of the Due de Broglie, on
the 11th September last, which, it is alleged, gave
the first authentic notice that the apolosry would
be insisted upon. Yet, sir, during the whole pe-
riod, from the 3d of February, J 833, when the
bill of this Government for the first installment
due under the treaty was protested, up to thecom-
mencementof the presentsession of Congress, the
dilapidated, unfinished, and unarmed state of our
fortifications, the decayed stale of our little Navy,
and the exposed and defenseless condition of our ■
whole sea-coast, were well known to the Govern-
ment. Yet no recommendation is made by the Ex-
ecutive, and no step actually taken, to complete,
arm, or repair them, up to the present session of
Congress. A prudent foresight would have called
for supplies from the Treasury, and caused the ut-
most activity to prevail in both these branches of
the public service, from May, 1834. If not from
that time, at all events from the moment it was
known that an apology was required by France
which could not be mude. But not a hammer is
heard! a dead silence reigns during all this time,
not only in our navy-yards and upon the fortifi-
cations, but even in our public documents and in
our legislative proceedings, upon the subject of
defense or preparation for war ! But if this neg-
lect to call upon Congress for the means of put-
ting the country in a condition to meet the emer-
gency of war, until the opening of the present ses-
sion, may be excused, what plea can save the
gentlemen ? What apology can they make to the
country for their failure to urge upon Congress
the necessity of immediate action, and of voting
the necessary supplies, without delay, to com-
plete and arm our fortifications, to fit out and re-
pair our ships of war, at the opening of the pres-
ent session of Congress? "VVe read with amaze-
ment the reports from the War and Navy Depart-
ments, without finding any notice or recommend-
ation of war appropriations—any reference to the
supposed crisis. We read the President's mes-
sage itself, without any recommendation of those
speedy and vigorous measures which the alleged
exigency called for.
But this is not all; the regular and ordinary
appropriations for the Army, the Navy, and for-
tifications, were not reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means at the first of the session,
nor until after the lapse of nearly a month; and
after they were reported, they were permitted to
sleep upon the table for more than a month before
they were seriously moved ! And are two months
time of no importance when we are upon the eve
of a war? Mr. Barton arrived about the middle
of January, and brought no better prospects of
peace than we had at the beginning of the ses-
sion-, and on the 18th of January we were favored
with the first special message; but still the Navy
bill was taken up only to be laid down again !
Yet, sir, during all this time, the country is kept
under continual apprehension of war! Have we
not a right to an explanation of this mystery!
Let it not be said, that those who caused the loss
of the three million appropriation, on the 3d of
March, 1835, are responsible for the late neg-
lected and defenseless condition of the country.
When the news, first of the proffered mediation
of England, and then of the satisfaction given to
the French Government by the first message,
reached us, we were within a few days of the
3d of March, 1836; nearly a whole year having
elapsed since the loss of the three million appro-
priation, and no step was taken in the mean time
to repair that error, if it was one. Who is re-
sponsible for the neglect of the public defenses
since the 3d of March, 1835. The Constitution
clearly pointed out the remedy for the miscarriage
of that proposition, if any cause existed to create
a just apprehension of war. Congress might have
been convoked at any time after the 3d of March,
1835; and none can doubt that if the President
had recommended appropriations for the public
defense, even at the close of the last session, they
would have been promptly voted by both Houses
of Congress.   But, for the delay in adopting
