730
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
[March 22,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Bell.
Ho. op Reps.
heard the opinion expressed, and I believe it well
founded, that, in the event of war, a single frigate j
mi?ht have been towed up the Potomac, and have |
battered down this Capitol and every public
buildinein this metropolis with perfect impunity.
So wholly neglected and defenseless are all the
exposed points upon our bays and sea-coast.
The belief that our public functionaries can have
been seriously meditating war, under these cir-
cumstances, could only be founded upon the idea
that they were either lunatic or treacherous to
the country, a supposition which none can for
an instant indulge.
But there are other evidences that war has not
been before the eyes of the leaders and managers
of the party. If it had been, the first movement
at the opening of the session would have been to
make immediate appropriations for the public
defenses; the appropriation bills would not have
slept upon the table until the 9th of February; for
it was not until that day that the Navy bi.l was
seriously moved. The annual Executive reports
would also have been swollen with the note of
war preparations. But what did we really see in
them? The usual estimates for fortifications,
from the Department of War! From the Navy
Department, a recommendation of three frigates
and three sloops-of-war, in addition to the num-
ber of vessels now in commission, for the more
ample protection of ourcommerce ! But the most
decisive and satisfactory, that war was never
actually anticipated as a thing of substance, al-
though kept continually ringing in our ears, is to
be found in the action of the committees of this
House, organized upon party principles, and
where every disposition exists to second the
views of the Administration. None can be so
ignorant as not to know that if war with so pow-
erful a nation as France had been regarded as a
probable event, every resource of credit and rev-
enue ought to be husbanded with the most rigid
economy. It is obvious, however, that the very
reverse of this policy was pursued. New sources
of expenditure have been sought out. The ex-
penditures upon internal improvements were pro-
posed to be doubled in the course of the present
year, as we have seen. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, early in the session, reported a bill for
the reduction of the price of the public lands,
which it may be estimated would soon reduce the
revenue from that source one third or one half.
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Johnson,]
who is at the head of the Committee on Military
Affairs in this House, and who from the promi-
nent and distinguished position which he now
occupies in the party, as their candidate for the
Vice Presidency, must be presumed to have been
in the secret of those who were best informed as
to the prospect of a war with France, reported a
bill proposing to expend during the present year,
upon fortifications, the sites of which have not
yet been purchased from the private owners, and
which no one supposes could be constructed in
time to have been of any use in the war antici-
pated with France, the enormous sum of two
millions and a half!
But there is another piece of evidence, more con-
clusive, if possible, than any I have yet pointed
out. A salary and outfit for a Minister to France
are asked for in the general appropriation bill, and
reported as early as the 26th of December last.
This fact can only be explained upon the suppo-
sition,that our Government looked with certainty
to an immediate restoration of amicable relations
with France. It is absurd to suppose either that
this proposition found its way into the bill by
accident, or that it was regarded as mere form,
and the money intended tobe used only upon the
contingency of a settlement of the difficul ties with
France during the year. If the stern and appa-
rently uncompromising and warlike stand taken
by the President in his messages to Congress, at
this session .were intended to operate upon France,
as is alleged, would the Secretary of State have
ventured to counteract all the effect of his display
of firmness, by sending in an estimate for the
support of a Minister at the very Court to which
it was our policy to hold up the vision of war !
The idea is inadmissible. The appropriation was
asked in the perfect confidence that by the close
of the session it would be desirable to send a
Minister to France.
Mr. Chairman, I have spoken fully of what I
I consider objectionable in the course of the party in
! power, in relation to our difficulties with France,
but I wish it to be borne in mind that it is not
their course towards France that I complain of;
it is to their course towards their own country,
in keeping up an unfounded alarm for various
party purposes, that I object. As to France, I
make no defense, I have attempted no defense of
her conduct. In my opinion, no defense can be
made for the course of that Government, in re-
quiring an apology before payment of the money.
The money that was admitted to be due, by
treaty,ought to have been first paid, and then an
apology might with better reason have been de-
manded.
But, sir, I cannot forbear to remark the superior
skill of die French Government in the manage-
ment of the question, on her part, if it had been
her policy or interest to provoke or make war.
The French were insulted; the faith of their King
called in question; and the pride of the nation
roused by a menace of hostile measures on the
part of this Government. They recall their Min-
ister, and our distinguished negotiators take it for
granted that there was an end of French resent-
ment. They proceed with dignity to discuss the
treaty again; and when they are prepared, they
announce the result to ourGovernment bya vote
of the Chambers. They give no insult; they
use no menace; they make no pompous parade of
hostile intentions, but simply and firmly declare
that they are now ready to pay the money; but
desire to be saved the mortification in the face of
all Europe, of having been compelled to the
measure of payment by the terror of American
arms. When France avows her purpose in the
very teeth of yourunanimous resolution to adhere
to the treaty; that she will pay only upon receiv-
ing an apology, she makes the declaration after
active and effective preparations to meet all the
j consequences; she declares her purpose under
; cover of a hundred ships of war, and a hundred
i thousand men. Now, a menace under such cir-
cumstances would mean something. What must
Europe have thought of our Government, if we
had unfortunately been suddenly involved in a
war with France? She would not have under-
valued the people of this country, their spirit of
resources, for in time we would have caused both
to be properly estimated; but what opinion would
have been formed of the skill and foresight of
the party in power I leave to the country to
determine.
| Let it not be said that General Jackson is re-
| sponsible for all the deficiencies in the public
defenses. He has responsibilities enough of his
| own to bear. Let the leaders of the party be held
to a just proportion of it—the heads of Depart-
ments theirs. The Vice President has less to do
than any of them with the details of business—
in fact he has no business; he is the very man
who has had nothing to do but to exercise a gen-
eral superintendence over all the various depart-
ments of the public service. The President, be-
sides the various and constantly recurring duties
of his office, has to my certain knowledge given
a very large proportion of his time to the inter-
ests of the Vice President, in Tennessee and else-"
where. He supposed naturally enough that his
lieutenants—his secretaries, together with the
Vice President, who aspires to bear off the chief
honor in the gift of the party, would take care
that the public defenses were duly attended to.
If I am asked, Mr. Chairman, how it happened
that I was ready to have voted liberal supplies
for defending the country, when I had so decided
a conviction that there was no danger of a war
with France, I answer, that it was not for me to
assume the responsibility of acting upon the cer-
tainty that there would be no war. 1 formed my
opinion upon circumstances which were conclu-
sive to my mind; but I could not know what might
be the result of the complicated interests of the
party in power. It was quite possible that they
might have found themselves engaged in a war
against their own calculation.
Sir, while I am upon the subject of the neglect
and omission of duty, in relation to the military
and naval defenses, on the part of those who have
had charge of the general interests of the country,
I beg leave to make a few remarks upon the con-
dition of other branches of the public service. It
is not only our fortifications and our Navy which
have been permitted to remain unarmed and in a
state of dilapidation, but I affirm that many of
the civil departments of the Government are in
no better condition; and this I am ready to de-
monstrate to the House and to the whole country
if proper authority is given for that purpose!
Beside the irregularities, abuses, and corruptions
which have been shown to exist in the Post Office
Department, I affirm that the General Land Office
is in a condition scarcely less deplorable. There
is neither order, dispatch, nor, in the case of
some of the offices, is there fidelity in the man-
agement and administration of that most import-
ant and interesting branch of the public service.
I affirm that this is true, and would be so, inde-
pendent of the alleged want of clerical force in
the Department. The evil exists in many of the
great land districts in the interior.
The same thing is substantially true of the In-
dian department. That branch of the public ser-
vice has, within a few years past, grown into an
importance four or five fold greater than for-
merly. Theexpenditures in thisdepartmentafew
years ago did not exceed some two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars annually; now they are be-
tween one and two millions; yetthe irregularities
and abuses appear to have multiplied in propor-
tion to the magnitude of the public interest con-
nected with it. What, it may be asked, are the
causes of these extraordinary abuses ? The cause
is simple and single—the entire incompetency of
much the largest number of the officers and agents
employed as heads of bureaus or distinct and sub-
ordinate offices. It is the want of capacity, of
skill, and, in some cases, of every necessary
quality. This is the great and decided cause; and
the remedy does not exist in new organizations
of this or that department, nor in the invention
of new checks and restrictions upon the discre-
tion of officers. The remedy for this abuse, like
all others, will be found in the removal of the
cause of it. Nothing is more important to be un-
derstood and extensively propagated in this coun-
try than this: that noGovernment, however wise
and perfect in its form, exists but may and will
be abused and perverted to bad and corrupt ends,
whenever it shall fall into the hands of a set of
administrators of loose or bad principles. No
constitutional or legal enactments can supply the
deficiency of ability or fidelity; no checks or reg-
ulations can anticipate and defeat the devices of
artful and unprincipled officeholders. Neither
ability nor purity can be conferred by law. On
the other hand, all experience has shown that,
under any form of government or of official reg-
ulation, however defective, when the public offi-
cers are possessed of the attributes of talents and
fidelity, the public liberty will be respected—the
public prosperity promoted—and the great end
of human government successfully carried out.
But there is one mystery connected with the
existence of the gross abuses in some branches
of the public service, which deserves to be men-
tioned. How has it happened that these abuses
have not only been suffered to exist, but even to
increase, under an Administration so decidedly
popular and powerful ? When this problem shall
be solved to the satisfaction of the public, the
remedy will be supplied. The true answer to
the question, how these abuses come to exist
under such an Administration, is, because the
Administration is such as it is, because it is pop-
ular. Every man of sound mind and lawful age
knows that the President, nor any other being of
created existence, can exercise a personal inspec-
tion and superintendence overall, oreven a tenth
part of the most important details of the public
service. Yet every important transaction con-
nected with the public service is so managed by
the subordinate officers, as to throw the respons-
ibility upon the President. If the delinquent offi-
cers do not do this themselves, their defenders
in Congress and out of Congress do not fail, in
effect, to fix the responsibility there. Whether
in Congress, or in the country, complaint is made
of abuse in any branch of the public service, the
answer is, eternally, that the charge is meant as
an attack upon General Jackson ! His great name
and popularity are the shield and buckler of every
official delinquent, whether from incompetency
