1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
24th Cong....1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
detiils I will not be so unjust as to say that all '
t'lennmbtrs of the committee who had before
thit time piofossed a desire to see the Constitu-
tion amendtd in this respect, willfully combined
to prut nt any acfon upon the subject last ses-
sn i Of a committee of nine members, and six
onlv of them being fnendlv to the pr.nciple of a
m< mite, any two ot the six weie able to defeat
any action u,ion the subject A íeport from the
coimmuei , 1 t el ualitnted, from the cncum-
stinci"'. in asserting, was deft ited by the man-
n;t ment ot some poition of the members of it,
who wire, at the sime time, avowed advocates
of the i\ptdiency of such an amendment of the
Constitution.
T!iA further history of this question is thin:
Mr Gil-met, the chtirman of the committee,
failing in all his efforts to get the committee to
nnlvt i repoit, in any shape, cirac into the House
on the 31«t of January, and asked that the com-
mittee might be discharged from the further eon-
sidi rttion of the subject, on the ground that they
could com" to no airieement thereupon; and on
tie sime day he was permitted to laya íesolu-
tiin, contiimng a proposition for an amendment
of the Constitution in relation to the election of
Pn siu'i in and Vice President, upon the table. I
wi 1! remi mber that, at first, one of the prominent
members of the committee, and who was also a
prominent member of the dominant party, refused
to zne his consent that Mi Gilmer should even
lav his icsoljtion upon the tabic; but he became
ashamed of his conduct, and withdiew his oppo-
sition Thus the subject was befoie the House;
audit was at any time in the power of the majority
to take it up and decide upon it. On the 13th of
Ft-bruary, Mr Gilmer, finding that it would not
do to postpone the subject any longer, without
lnsms sight of it altogether during the session,
mo\ed to suspend the rules of the House, in order
to proceed to the consideration of his resolution
Aninst this motion there were only fifty-six
votts, and of these, thirty seven weie the known
sunporteis of Mr Van Buren for the Presidency,
or, in otln r words, of a nomination by a conven-
tion, and fifteen of these thirty-seven were mem-
beis of the New York delegation The lesolution
was that d ly taken up and read a second time,
and postpo-ied to the 19th of the month, but it
•was superseded by other business until the 25th
of February, when Mr Wilde, of Georgia,
moved that all the oidersof the day be postponed,
for the purpose of considering this subject. Upon
this motion there were 112 yeas and 92 nays, of
the litter, forty-nine were supporters of Mi. Van
Biren, and twenty-four of them members of the
New York delegation. The subject that day
undcrvv em considerable discussion, but the House
cime to no decision upon i* On the 27th of Feb
ruaiy Mr Gilaier again moved that his resolu-
tion be taken up, and on taking the question, the
vote stood—yeas 99, nays 104. Of the nays,
sixty were for Mi. Van Buren, and twenty-four
of them from New York On the same day,
however, at a later hour, Mr. Gilmer's resolu-
tion came up in the regular order of business,
when a motion was made to dispose of it finally,
by laying it on the table. In favor of this motion
there were only thirty-eight votes, and thirty of
them were the friends of Mr. Van Buren, and
thirteen of that number fiom New York. After
further debate upon the resolution, a motion was
made by Mr Vanderpoel, of New York, that
the House adjourn, evidently with a view to
evade the question upon the resolution. Upon
this motion the votPS stood—yeas 59, nays 112.
Of the yeas, forty-nine were for Mr Van Buren,
and twenty of them from New York. The sub-
ject was further debated, but no decision was
arrived at.
Now, sir, upon a view of all these circum-
stances, can there remain the shadow of a doubt
that this question was willfully and designedly
evaded at the last session by the very party which
now professes to hold an election by the House
in such utter abhorrence. The neglect of Con-
gress to act upon this subject prior to the last
session, might admit of some apology. There
were so many exciting and important questions
of another kind, continually arising to absorb the
chief attention of Congress, and, besides, there
had been no prospect of an election by the House
I
until the commencement of last session. But
there is no justification forthe course of the party
at the last session upon this subject It is but too
clear that the party in favor of Mr. Van Buien
for the succession, determined to have the full
benefit of the fears which existed in the country
of an election by the House, in compelling a sub-
mission to the decrees of the Baltimore Conven-
tion. Else, why was it that not the slightest
notice was taken by that vigilant guardian of
eveiything that concerns the party, the Globe,
of the question presented by Mr. Gilmer's res-
olution when it was under discussion > Not one
paragraph was penned during the sitting of Con-
gress, upon the importance of amending the Con-
stitution so as to pievent an election of the Pres-
ident by the House of Representatives. Why,
sir, was not the committee which had charge of
this subject, rated for their negligence and omis-
sion in not reporting upon the subject submitted
to them > Why were not the usual denunciations
uttered through that oigan against those members
of the party who voted in every instance to pre-
vent the consideration, and to defeat altogether
the resolution of Mr Gilmer' Sir, a large por-
tion of the party upon that question showed that
they were opposed to a measure which General
Jackson had urged upon Congress in eveiy an-
nual message since he came into office. Why
\v eie they not pointed out and denounced as anti-
Jackson' There can be but one answer to this
question- It was no offense to anyone to oppose
that proposition at the last session. That this
question was designed to be blinked, was mani-
fest to me fiom the course of particular members
—a course which I could account for upon no
other ground. When Mr Gilmer's resolution
was under discussion at onetime, there appeared
to bo a serious determination on the part of the
House to carry it
My colleague, [Mr Polk,] who is now the
íesiding officer of this House, and who cannot
e charged with a disposition to thwart the views
of those in power, made a speech which was evi-
dently intended to put an end to the further con-
sideration of the subject at that session. He
complained that the time was too short to give
the subject that examination which its import-
ance demanded. He thought that he had, with
the slight attention he had given the resolution,
detected an error; and theie might be many more.
He dwelt emphatically upon the importance of
not permitting the resolution to go from the House
in an improper shape, " forthen ltwould be gone
in favor'" When lie concluded,agentleman who
sat by him rose to move that the resolution be
kid on the table, but the Chair gave the floor to
another member. Now, sir, further delay and
further time to examine into the details of the
resolution could only be had by dropping the
Question until another Congress. That was evi-
ent to all But, Mr. Chairman, the party are
not only answerable for the failure of the propo-
sition at the last session, but they are responsible
for its failure at the only time which has arisen
within the last ten years, or which will probably
arise within the next ten, when a fair prospect
existed of succeeding in it. Such was the anxiety
of the members of the Opposition that this plea
of the danger of an election by the House should
be taken away from the party known to be in
favor of Mr. Van Buren, in sustaining the con-
templated nomination of thatgentleman by a con-
vention at Baltimore, that many of them who had
always before that time been opposed to such an
amendment of the Constitution as was proposed,
were willing then to see it adopted. It will be
found that more than fifty members of the Oppo-
sition voted to sustain Mr. Gilmer's resolution,
and there cannot be a doubt that, if the party in
power had not deserted their own principles upon
this occasion, the proposition would have been
earned by the requisite majority. We have seen
the same question treated with the same neglect,
so far, at the present session. According to cus-
tom, we have a select committee upon the sub-
ject, but half the session is passed by, and we
have no report from it. But I am free to say, that
I regard the couise of the committee, at this ses-
sion, of but little consequence. If we were now
to adopt a proposition for amending the Consti-
tution in relation to the election of President and
Vice President, it can hardly be calculated that
the Legislatures of three fourths of the States
could be got to act upon the question in time to
operateuponthenextpiesidentialelection. There
might have been some prospect of a favoiable re-
sult if the committee had reported at the begin-
ning of the session; but it is now too late to hope
for success to any such measure. Theie are too
many interests still combined ti defeat it
I am too much exhausted, Mr. Chairman, to
pursue this, or any other subject, any further at
present I have omitted to notice seveial subjects
which I originally intended to remark upon I
cannot ask the further indulgence of the committee.
I feel that I am already under great obligations to
the members of it But I cannot sit down with-
out referring again to my own position, and the
■difficult task laid before me of opposing the pres-
ent course and policy of those whom I once sup-
ported. I have already stated to what extent I
held myself bound to support this Administration,
and I have briefly sketched the reasons why I feel
myself bound to oppose a set of measures, and a
system of party action, adopted with a view, not
of upholding the present Administration, but of
securing the future to particular aspirants. But,
in doing this, I desire to say in this place, that I
depart from no one principle which I have here-
tofore supported; nor do I mean to change my
principles until I see some better reason fordoing
so, than a mere desire to be in a majority. Sir,
I beg leave to speak with some assurance upon
this point; and I defy my opponents, upon the
strictest scrutiny, to point out any departure from
my former principles 1 know, sn, that in former
years, many incidental, and often frivolous ques-
tions, arose in this House, which came to be de-
cided by a party vote, and upon which I voted
with those with whom I usually acted. But what-
ever may have been the error of such votes, they
will appear to have involved no important princi-
ple in any material degree Still, sir, there were
some questions upon which I always differed with,
and always voted against, the present Adminis-
tration, as gentlemen will find by proper inquiry.
It is fortunate for me, perhaps, that in regaid
to some of the most important questions upon
which I separated myself from those who are now
in the majority m this House, there are living
witnesses who enjoy a respectable, not to say a
high rank in the party, and who were once mem-
bers of this House, to the fact, that at the very
commencement of the present Administration, I
declared that I would feel myself bound to sepa-
rate from the party then and now in power, the
moment either one or both of two principles, or
rather practices, should be made a test of party
fidelity or adherence. The one was, that all elec-
tions are to be decided, so far as regards the vote
of the party, by caucus nominations, and the
other, and perhaps more important one, was that
a difference of political opinion should be a suffi-
cient ground upon which to change the subordin-
ate officers of the Government I protested against
this principle the second or third day after the first
inauguration of the President.   Sir, I have done.
NATIONAL DEFENSE
SPEECH OF HON J. M. CLAYTON,
OF DELAWARE,
In Senate, February 8, 1836,
On the resolution introduced by Mr Benton for appropri-
ating the surplus revenue to objects of permanent nation '
defense.
Mr. CLAYTON said:
Mr. President: A full discussion of the lead-
ing topics which have been introduced into this
debate is now demanded of us. It is due to the
country that our sentiments on the great subject
of national defense should be frankly expressed,
and it is due to the character of the Senate that
we should not suffer its former action on that
subject to be misrepresented or misunderstood.
It now appears that honorable gentlemen, acting
here as the avowed friends of the Administration,
have left us no other alternative than that of silent
submission to their charges, or a vindication of the
past. Whether their object be to wage war on
the Senate, or to prepare for war against France,
