Í36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Clayton.
Senate
mine is equally the duty of self-defense. For a
war with any foreign Power which may assail us
1 wish to be fully prepared; and I am now ready,
without further preparation, to meet the war
against myself and my friends.                              '
The resolution before us as now modified, pro-
Coses to pledge this body, so far as its action can
e efficient for the purpose, to set apart and ap-
ply so much of the surplus revenue (including
the dividends on the bank stock of the United
States) as may be necessary for the defense and
security of the country. Thus stands the prop-
osition as made by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] and as by him modified on the
suggestion of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Grundy.] But with this proposition, thus made
by the friends of the Administration, some gen-
tlemen on this side of the House are not fully
satisfied, because in their view it contemplates
the postponement of the duty of self-defense to
what they consider as minor and inferior objects.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.Webster]
has said that he deems the duty of providing for
the common defense to be a primary obligation
imposed on us by the Constitution, and is not
content merely to declare that he will give the
surplus for that object, if necessary, but ike whole
revenue; and not only that which has accrued,
but that which shall accrue hereafter. The res-
olution does not go far enough for him; and the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Southard] ob-
jects to its phraseology as implying an absurdity,
inasmuch as, while tlie common defense is unpro-
vided for, he cannot understand how any " sur-
plus" can exist to be appropriated. My object,
sir, is to change the proposition to such a shape
as that, when adopted, the Senate may be under-
stood as pledged to do its utmost for the necessary
defense of the country, and to gain for this pledge,
if possible, the unanimous vote of this body. I
hold it to be desirable that we should make no
party question of this matter, and that we should
presentan unbroken, undivided front to all other
nations on a subject of such vital importance to
the people. I shall, therefore, before 1 have done,
move to strike out the word "surplus" from the
resolution,so thatitshall pledge all our resources,
if necessary to be resorted to for the objects pro-
posed. Let us, by the unanimous adoption of
such a resolution, show the world, and especially
the American people, that, in the event of a
struggle between our own country and any for-
eign Power under the heavens, no matter how
that struggle may originate, there are none here
attached to any but the land that gave us birth;
that there is no feeling here but the true Ameri-
can feeling; and no sentiment here but the true
American sentiment, which holds all other na-
tions " enemies in war, in peace friends." Let
us refute by this pledge now, and by the honest
redemption of it hereafter, any slanderer, if such
there be, who would seek to cast a stain on the
character of the Senate, by the vile insinuation
that we are or can be partisans of a foreign
Power. Such a stain cannot be placed there with-
out degrading the character of the proud States
whose representatives we are, without the con-
sequent humiliation of all that is elevated and
noble in the American character, nor without in-
flicting a pang of regret upon every man who has
.a true American heart beating in his bosom.
It is objected to the adoption of a general and
extensive scheme of appropriations for defense
at this time, that there is -danger to be appre-
hended from the propensities of the existing Ad-
ministration to expend the public money for elec-
tioneering purposes; that political favorites will,
according to the system of 4tthe spoils party,"
be preferred to all others in letting the contracts
for the construction of the requisite public works;
and that the expenditure of many millions of the
public treasure by unprincipled men will lead to
a still more general prostitution of the beneficent
powers of the Government to party purposes than
we have ever .witnessed. It is true, sir, the power
proposed to be conferred may be abused; but the
power will be in the hands of those whom the
people have preferred should expend it, and,
deeply as I regret their decision, yet I shall bow
in submission to it. And let me say to my friends
who anticipate the abuse of this power for party
purposes, that if those who have it shall determ-
ine thus to prostrate the elective franchise by
the corrupt employment of the public money, we
can erect no barrier to save the Republic from this
danger by withholding the appropriations for the
public defense.  We have no other sure safeguard
for the preservation of our liberties than public
virtue.    If public opinion can be purchased by
such means, the experiment of free government
must prove a failure.    Let us do our duty, then,
and leave the consequences to that Providence
which has thus far protected us.    The patriot
who shall steadily reflect upon the consequences
of an accumulated surplus in the Treasury, now
amounting to thirty, and unless thus disposed of,
soon to increase to a hundred million dollars, will
see far greater danger to our free institutions from
this hoarded treasure than may arise from its im-
proper expenditure at this time.    If permitted to
gather in the Treasury until its force, when ex-
pended, shall  be  absolutely irresistible, it will
prove for years to come a standing bribe for the
exertions of party; the struggles for office must
degenerate into a struggle for money only; and
this wealth may at last fall into the hands of some
successful partisan, who may, by an illegal seiz-
ure of it all, insure our final downfall and his own
elevation on the ruins of the Constitution.  Noth-
ing is more evident than that, if no common ob-
¿'ect can in the mean time be found to which it can
e appropriated, it must prove a subject of cease-
less contention among the States and the people.
It has been further said, that the object of the
resolution is to defeat the bill to distribute the
proceeds of the sales of the puhlic domain among
the States, according to their Federative popula-
tion.    But such cannot be the effect of adopting
a liberal scheme of national defense, really adapt-
ed to the wants of the country.   The land bill
itself provides that no part of the money which
it proposes to distribute shall  be disposed of
according to its provisions in case of war with
any foreign country; and it has never been any
part of the object of the friends of that just and
salutary measure to divert one dollar of the pub-
lic treasure from the object of necessary defense.
The passage of that bill could have had no such
effect.    As a sincere friend of that bill, I do ar-
dently desire that it may, at some future time,
receive the action of Congress under more favor-
able auspices.   At present I cannot shut my eyes
to the fact that the President has once put his
veto upon it, and has even resorted to what I shall
ever consider was a most unjustifiable measure on
his part to prevent Congress from passing it into
a law in despite of his veto, by the requisite con-
stitutional majority of two thirds of each House.
We have good reasons to know that, when we
passed that bill simultaneously with the compro-
mise act, such was the state of kind feeling which
the latter had awakened in the bosoms of gentle-
men who had before voted against the land bill
towards it friends, that had the President, who
received both bills in the same hour, returned the
latter to us with his qualified negative upon it at
the time when he sent back the compromise act
with his approval upon that, the requisite consti-
tutional majority of two thirds was ready in this
body, as well as in the other House, to make the
bill a law, in despite of his veto.   He chose to
keep the bill until another session, and then sent
it back to a new Congress, many of whose mem-
bers were not members of that which passed the
act.    Is there any evidence of a change in his
determination as to this bill ?   And, if not, can
any man hope for the passage of the land bill into
a law while he who resorted to such means to
defeat it, as I have in part described, still has it
in his power to resort to similar means again ?
No, sir; though I hold it to be my duty, uncon-
trolled by the Executive will, to vote for the meas-
ure as often as it shall be presented, yet I feel that
we must wait till other counsels shall prevail in
the Executive mansion before the people of any
of the old States which conquered these public
lands from the Crown of Great Britain, by the
expenditure of their blood and treasure, can be
permitted to touch a dollar of the money arising
from the sale of them.   But, without reference
to this state of things, it is sufficient now to say
that the objection that a liberal system of appro-
priation forpublicdefensemightcome in collision
with the distribution under the land bill, proceeds
upon the admission of what is erroneous in point
of fact; for we have ample resources for national
defense, without touching the funds which that
bill was intended to affect; and, were it other-
wise, I should not hesitate a moment in deciding
that not a dollar should be distributed or applied
to other purposes, while it remains necessary to
put the country in a state of preparation to meet
any and every emergency that may arise out of
the unsettled state of our foreign relations.
Another objection has been suggested. The
honorable gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Calhoun] has offered a proposition, which now
lies on the table, to so amend the Constitution of
the United States as to authorize the distribution
among the States of all the surplus in the Treas-
ury not necessary for the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, whether proceeding from the avails of
the public domain or from any other source. If
it be any part of the design of his resolution to
defeat the appropriations for those objects, (which
I have already observed are, in my estimation,
paramount to all others,) I have yet to learn it;
and, whenever that shall be avowed as its object,
or shall appear to my judgment to be its effect, I
shall hold it to be my duty, without reference to
any other arguments against it, to resist it to the
utmost. Sir, I do not propose to discuss its merits;
but I am free to declare that, in my opinion, it is
a proposition which, in its present form, can never
be attained with any practical results. Many of
those who desire the distribution, believe that the
object can be attained whenever Congress shall
pass an act to effect it; and that the proposed
amendment to the Constitution is objectionable,
not merely because it is unnecessary, but because
it involves an admission of the want of a power
already conceded to Congress. The elaborate
addresses, on this subject, of a late Senator from
New Jersey, (Mr. Dickerson,) now a member of
the Cabinet, were made in vain, if there be no
considerable number of men friendly to the ob-
ject, and yet confident of the existence of a power
to effect it. The President, in his annual mes-
sages to Congress, has repeatedly avowed himself
friendly to the object of distributing this surplus
among the States; yet he has rejected the land
bill which is the only measure that has ever been
proposed by friend or foe to carry out, by a prac-
tical effort, any part of his suggestion. Consid-
ering these things, and reflecting at the same time
upon the difficulty, not to say the absolute im-
possibility, of procuring any change in the Con-
stitution whatsoever, on any subject, I cannot
view this proposition as presenting, even to the
friends of the distribution which it contemplates,
any ground upon which an opposition to the great
measure of national defense can be rested. Sir,
it is visionary. If the surplus must accumulate
until that proposition shall be adopted, it will
never find an avenue through which it may
escape to the people, to whom it rightfully be-
longs.
Nor does that other objection, that by these
means the expenditures for internal improvement
will be arrested, stand on any better foundation.
Sir, the expenditures for internal improvement
are effectually arrested by Executive action alone,
no matter what may be our decision on this or
any other subject. The President alone now
governs the destinies of the country, so far as
national improvement is involved in them. We
may, indeed, rejoice if we can find useful objects
for which he will permit us to expend any part
of the money of those who sent us here. While
a little band of us, one of the rank and file of
which I am proud to avow myself, in vain oppose
that construction of the Constitution which has
thus arrested the exercise of one of the most
beneficent powers of this Government, we are
borne down by the force of those who adhere to
the Executive on all questions. The President's
repeated exercise of the veto power on former bills
for internal improvement has left no room for
conjecture as to the fate of any future bill which
shall contain objects of a similar character. Until
the people shall desire it otherwise, and manifest
that desire by the elevation of some one to the
presidential power who will consent that their
money shall be expended in making railroads and
canals, to bind and connect together the distant
sections of our country, as well as in the purchase
