73S
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Clayton.
[February 8,
Senate.
utterly abandoned by the subsequent act of March
Ü, ltS3, so that the silks of France have ever been
admitted here duty free, while silks of much bet-
ter quality, coming from beyond the Cape of
Good Hope, still are subjected to a duty of ten
per cent. It is needless to stop here for the pur-
pose of working out, by the different systems of
political arithmetic, how much the consumer, the
importing merchant, and the French producer
have respectively gained by the established re-
duction; but one thing 1 take to be certain, that
while the French Treasury has not received the
benefit of the sum mentioned by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, the Treasury of the United
States has lost every dollar of it.
Foreseeing the consequences of this discrim-
ination in favor of French products, as we cer-
tainly did at the time of ratifying the treaty, what,
it may be asked, could possibly have been the
motive for our ratification of that treaty? Not,
sir, as has been most unjustly charged, for the
sake of French gold; no, sir, not for the sake of
any mere pecuniary advantage. It was not to
enrich our own cotters, or to fill the pockets of
American merchants, whose ships had been burnt
by French cruisers,although mere justice required
of us to demand of France to repay them for their
losses. Had money (as has been most untruly
alleged) been our object, we should never have
concluded and ratified such a treaty. Our object
was peace and harmony with an ancient ally and
friend—with a nation towards which every pulse
in the American's heart has beat with sympathy
in all her sufferings, and towards which one of
the most lofty, generous, and grateful of emotions
which man can feel or tell of, has ever been fondly
cherished, and proudly expressed. The tranquil-
lity of nations, the peace of the civilized world,
and, above all other considerations, the cause of
liberal principles, the preservation and mainte-
nance of harmony between those nations whose
forms of government, so far as they preserve the
seminal principle of popular representation, now
form the last best hope of all men—these, sir,
were the powerful arguments which impelled the
American Senate to ratify this treaty, and again
to offer to France«iot only forgiveness for the
past, but benefits for the future. The honor of
the nation had required of us to demand some '■
indemnity for the past; and, however inadequate
to the injuries we had suffered, we felt disposed
to overlook the amount of the damages for the
acknowledgment of the outrages and the confes-
sion of the wrongs inflicted. But, after all this,
what was done by France ? Year after year
passed away after the exchange of the ratifications
of this solemn treaty, during which France re-
ceived an unquestioned benefit from it, and our
Treasury sustained an unquestioned loss by it;
yet no law was passed to carry the treaty into
effect, and no further act was done to admit these
wrongs, or offer us a dollar of remuneration for
them. Passing by all the irritating topics to
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
alluded, casting no imputation on any one branch |
of the French Government more than all the
others, I say that France has not redeemed the
pledge given in her solemn treaty with us, although
we have redeemed ours to the very letter. The
law to carry the treaty into effect has been once
actually rejected by the French Chambers; and
at last it has been passed with a precedent condi-
tion annexed, requiring an explanation of the Pres-
ident's message to Congress of December, 1834.
This message, sir, was sent here after the first
rejection of the treaty. It contained a recom-
mendation to invest the President himself with
the discretionary power to issue letters of marque
and reprisal—to make a quasi war with France at
his discretion. The recommendation found no
advocates in either branch of Congress that I have
ever heard of. It is possible there may have been
such, but I have not known them. It was, in my
private opinion, an ill-advised and most impru-
dent message. Such may have been the opinion
of the Atnerican people; such surely was the
opinion of the American Congress. No motion
was ever made in either House to carry out the
recommendation of the message by the grant of
the power asked for; and the Senate did, on the
14th of January, 1835, pass a unanimous vote,-
on the recommendation of our Committee on For 
eign Relations, declaring, in response to the mes-
sage, that no legislative provision whatever ought
then to be adopted in reference to the state of our
relations with France. The report which led the
committee to that conclusion was drawn by their
chairman, [Mr. Clay,] and will stand forever as
one of the brightest leaves in the proud chaplet
which adorns that statesman's brow. That was
no partisan document. No, sir; nil men of all
parties in this body, convinced by the argument
and pleased with the tone of eloquent patriotism
which spoke in every sentence of that report,
then concurred in opinion that no power should
be granted to the President to issue letters of
marque and reprisal for the seizure of French
commerce. France received the intelligence of
the passage of this resolution, and felt assured,
when she received it, that at least one entire branch
of the American Government intended no men-
ace, and meant that this Government should give
no offense to her. But, after all this, the French
Chambers only at last passed the bill of indem-
nity with a proviso that no part of the money
due under the treaty should be paid us before an
explanation of the message should be given to
France by the President.
We have now arrived at that part of the his-
tory of this controversy where the President has
taken his stand. We know that he will not, in
any event, consent to make any explanation of
his former message, except to Congress or the
American people; but the President has, in the
strongest terms, disclaimed, in his message to
Congress of December last, any intention to in-
sult or menace the French Government by his
message of December, 1834. Our own Minister
at Pans (Mr. Livingston) had long before denied
that such was the intention of that message, in
an official communication to the French Minister,
and the French Government had been assured by
an official letter from the Secretary of State, writ-
ten by order of the President, that the President
approved of the communication made by Mr.
Livingston. It is said, however, that all this is
unsatisfactory to France. If the message of De-
cember last, taken in connection with the previous
disavowal of our Minister at Paris, be now held
to be insufficient, what alternative is left us but
to rescind all our resolutions to insist on the
treaty, and to abandon our claims on France, or
to enter upon a system of restrictive measures
against French commerce, as the President has
lately recommended, which must probably term-
inate in a war? It is answered by some, I know,
sir, (and possibly there may be men of all par-
ties whothinkso,) that, to avoid these difficulties,
the President ought to be called on to make the
requisite apology directly to the French Govern-
ment. Such, sir, is not my opinion. I hold that
the President made the communication to Con-
gress by his annual message in 1834, under the
sanction and in obedience to the requisitions of
an express clause in our Constitution which com-
mands him to make such recommendations to
Congress "as he shall think fit;" and that, whether
! the sentiments contained in that message be right
or wrong, he is responsible for them only to Con-
gress and the country. I hold, further, that for
anything contained in such a message, no foreign
Government has any right to hold this Govern-
ment responsible,unless the sentiment be adopted
and acted upon by the Government itself.
The mistake made by France, in this respect,
arises out of the misconception which men living
under a monarchical Government are prone to fall
in to when considering the powers of a mere Pres-
ident as resembling those of a King. The Pres-
ident is not the Government, although he has
been too much accustomed to consider himself as
such; and, in the discharge of his advisory duties,
under the injunction which the Constitution im-
poses upon him to "recommend to Congress such
measures as hé shall think fit,'" he is no more
the organ of the Government than either House
of Congress, taken singly and apart from the
other coordinate departments of that Govern-
ment. Nay, this Government is no more respons-
ible to a foreign nation for his sayings in a mes-
sage under the Constitution, than it is for the
exercise of the freedom of debate, which is the
right of every member on this floor, and it is not
less important that hit right to. express himself
freely and fully to us in these messages should
be preserved inviolate, than that a member of this
body should remain unquestioned in any other
place for the expression of his free opinions on
every subject which he may think fit to discuss.
Yet, if a member of this or the other House bad
used the same language in debate which the
President employed in his message of December
1834, for which an explanation is demanded by
France, the demand of an explanation for it, and
the refusal to pay the twenty-five million francs due
to us under the treaty, because of such exercise
of the right of opinion in debate, would have been
held a gross infringement of the constitutional
provision that members of Congress, " for any
speech or debate in either House, shall not be
questioned in any other place;" and the Govern-
ment would not have been held responsible for
any part or all that he had uttered. Were we
now to demand of France an explanation for the
language of every member of her Chambers who,
in discussing the treaty, assailed, as several among
them did, our national character, the demand
would be met with an indignant frown and a pe-
remptory denial. Sir, we can never surrender to
any foreign nation the right of the Executive to
communicate, unquestioned by any authority
other than our own, what he thinks fit to Con-
gress. The surrender of that involves at once the
surrender of a similar right to take offense at,
and compel an explanation for, every imprudent
act or saying in every other department; and, in
principle, it is nothing less than a surrender of
the independence of the Government. The Pres-
ident, we are assured, will never yield to such a
demand. My own conscientious convictions are,
that he ought not to yield to it; and, though I am
not, never have been, and never shall be, his par-
tisan, yet I will stand by him in the assertion of
his right to give to me and others here any opin-
ions or advice which he may think fit to disclose
by his messages, unquestioned by any foreign
nation whatever. Permit me here to add, that,
whatever my own opinions of this or any future
President may be, whether sustaining or oppos-
ing his views, I shall ever hold it to be the true
part of a Senator to resist all interference from
abroad in our party divisions and domestic dis-
sensions, and to put down at once, so far as 1
may be able, every attempt of any foreign Power
to come between us, and make itself a party to
any controversy among us.
With this view of the President's own determ-
ination, and the reasons for adopting it, it is clear
that, while France persists in her demand, we
cannot recede from our position unless we aban-
don the treaty. Sir, we are at that point in the
game of diplomacy where not another move is
left us but to advance or surrender. France has
now every opportunity afforded her to retreat
without dishonor from her position, and to put
an end to the controversy by the payment of the
indemnity. Nay, she has no pretext left her to
refuse it. The last annual message of the Presi-
dent ought to be held satisfactory to France. I
trust she will act as becomes her; but while it is
solely at her option, or that of any other foreign
nation, to select for itself at the next moment,
without further admonition to us, either pacific
or warlike measures, I consider it our duty to
prepare for either contingency. I would not avail
myself of this opportunity to expose the errors
of ourGovernment in this controversy, if I desired
to expose them. The question now is not a ques-
tion of war or no war. It is merely a question
of defense; and for that I am prepared to act,
without the slightest reference to what party may
have provoked danger, or to what cause that
danger may be ascribed.
Before I take leave of the subject of our foreign
relations, indulge me, sir, with a very few remarks
in reply to a single observation made by the hon-
orable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Grundt.]
That gentleman, after detailing with great care
some of the events which had transpired between
us and France, and after assaulting the Senate
for not having last year voted for the then pro-
posed amendment of three millions to the fortifica-
tion bill, called upon us all (as the gentleman from
Kentucky has already stated) to come out freely
and frankly, and to declare whether, in the pres-
ent aspect of our affairs, we are willing to remain
