740
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 8,
24th Cong....I st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
the House of Representatives to the fortification
bill:                                                                          I
••' ,1nd be it further enacted, That the sum of three mil-
lion dolltrrs be, and tiie same is hereby, appropriated out
of anv money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to be "expended, in whole or in part, under the direction of .
the President of the United Slates, for the military and
naval service, including fortifications and ordnance, and
increase of the Navy: Provided, Such expenditures shall
be rendered necessary for the defense of the country prior
to the next meeting of Congress.''
Before this amendment was offered, the appro-
priation bill providing for fortifications, which
originated in the other House, had passed the
Senate, which had already added, by way of
amendment, $421,000 to the sums originally pro-
posed by the House as sufficient. It was not until
about eight o'clock at night of the very last day
of the session that the House proposed this amend-
ment to our amendments, after rejecting some of
ours, and among which so rejected by the House
was an increase of $75,000, made by the Senate
to the appropriation to rebuild Fort Delaware.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buch-
anan] has misconceived the scope of the argument
against this three-million amendment, and partic-
ularly that of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
¡Mr. Webster,] who preceded him in this debate,
ndependently of the notorious fact that no such
extraordinary appropriation was asked of us by
the Executive, whose duty it was, if this sum
was wanted for defense, to communicate the fact
to Congress, most of those who voted down that
amendment did hold, and did so express them-
selves at the time, that an appropriation in such
general terms, proposing no objects of expendi-
ture but "the naval and military service," was
forbidden by the spirit and the letter of the Con-
stitution. If it be new to him, it is because the
gentleman has entirely overlooked the principle
upon which the Senate acted. Sir, I invite the
gentleman to examine the subject, which he says
is novel to him, and to defend his vote, if he
thinks he can do so, when we who voted other-
wise retaliate upon him and his associates who
endeavored to carry this amendment, by charging
them with having, so far as they were able to
effect it, assisted to break down the best barrier
provided by the Constitution against the absorp-
tion of the legislative in the executive power.
With the view to test the confidence of honorable
gentlemen in their opinions, as well as the accu-
racy and extent of their researches on this sub-
ject, it may be useful to ascertain how far they
will carry their principles. I beg leave to know
of the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
whether, if the proposition for which he voted
had been to appropriate three or thirty millions,
" to be expended in whole, or in part, under the
direction of the President, for the civil, naval, and
military service, including fortifications,'' &c., he
could have supported it consistently with his con-
stitutional obligations or not? I pause forareply
to this question.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he did not consider
himself bound to declare any opinion beyond the
one before expressed. He would therefore decline
answering the question put to him by the gentle-
man from Delaware.
Mr. CLAYTON". Sir, it was the part of pru-
dence not to answer. I put the question to him,
because I know of no man her¡e, advocating his
doctrine, better prepared, or better able to resist
or parry such a blow than the honorable gentle-
man himself. I claim no right to catechise him;
but if he should think proper to answer the
question proposed to him on another day, after
he has had ample time to select that horn of the
dilemma presented by it which pleases him best,
it will gratify some of his friends here, among
whom I rank myself, to learn whether he can
possibly be driven to the absolute surrender of
all legislative power to the Executive, so far as
regards the appointment of the uses to which the
public money shall be applied; or whether he will
prefer, on reflection, to encounter the foregone,
conclusion which a denial of the constitutionality,
of so broad an appropriation as I have proposed
for his consideration must necessarily result in.
That amendment, for which the honorable gen-
tleman and his political friends in this body did
vote, proposed no other objects for- expenditure
ihan the naval and military service, including.
fortifications, ordnance, and increase of the Navy.
One hundred, or even ten dollars, bestowed on
the objects included in the sweeping phrase" naval
and military service," would satisfy the requisi-
i tions of the law, and leave, under the direction of
the President, the whole residue of the $3,000,000
to be applied to any kind of naval and military
service which he might designate. A law, in the
very same words, granting $50,000,000, to be
expended by the President as he shall think
proper, " for naval and military service," is not
prohibited by the Constitution, if this be not. A
law granting all the money in the Treasury, to be
expended under his direction, oras he shall think
proper, " for civil, naval, and military service," is
not prohibited by the Constitution, if this be not.
The result, then, is, that whenever a popular
President is in office, Congress must grunt the
whole money in the Treasury, if required, or the
whole sum requisite for civil, naval, and military
service, which will embrace all the known objects
of legitimate expenditure under this Government;
or, should they fail to do so, they must subject
themselves to the very exceptions taken to the
vote of the Senate by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Grundy,] who intimated that the
vote of his colleague, [Mr. White,] and others
here, indicated that they had not confidence in the
President. Such a construction of the Constitu-
tion breaks down the Legislature whenever a pop-
ular man is at the head of the Government; and
a popular Executive is the only one from which
either the friends of the Legislature or the Consti-
tution can have anything to fear. Should such a
construction be established, it must inevitably
lead Congress at last to a vote, under the adminis-
tration of some popular chief, of all the money
requisite for the support of Government, without
j any further designation of object or restriction of
power than this—that the President shall expend
' it for the public service. In that day, no Senator
I here shall dare raise his voice against it, or, if one
1 should follow our example, the charge of want
of confidence in the President will crush him as
a rebellious subordinate, and a factious legislator;
the people themselves will hunt him down; and
the State Legislature will recall him, with a view
to send another to expunge his vote. If our Gov-
ernment is to endure for any considerable period,
it will witness the elevation to power of many
men far more popular than President Jackson has
ever been; and should the doctrine of the friends
of the Administration now become, by the pros-
tration of the Senate for this cause, the received
exposition of the Constitution, the next popular
Executive, pointing to this precedent, may de-
mand it as due to the character he possesses, and
as evincive of the confidence to which he is enti-
tled, that a grant of three millions, for naval and
military service, to be expended under his direc-
tion, shall be annually inserted in the appropria-
tion bill. Another, ambitious of still further ex-
hibitions of confidence, will soon demand a greater
sum under pretext of some other exigency; and
at last, precedent being built upon precedent, the
legislative power will expire under these reiterated
blows, and, with it, the liberties of the people.
Sir, I have set my face against all this doctrine
with a stern resolution to resist it to the utmost.
I will make no terms, I will know no compro-
mise with it. I read in the Constitution that no
money shall be drawn from the Treasury but by
appropriations made by law. And I have heard
no plausible answer to the simple but conclusive
argument, that an appropriation does,«x vi ttrmini,
necessarily import a designation, an allotment
or setting apart for specific objects, specific sums
of money. I go for the established definition of
the word as the English language was spoken,
written, and understood, when the Constitution
was made, and as it is now and has ever been
understood. I deny that a grant of fifty million 
"for the public service," to be expended under
the direction of the President, is any appropria-
tion. It is nothing more than an unconstitutional
attempt to delegate representative power. It
strikes at the root of the whole principle of rep-
resentative government. I deny that a grant by
Congress of p,00O,0OO to the President for the
"naval and military service," differs a whit in
principle from a general grant of alt the revenue
to be expended by the Prosideatíóáths naval and:
military service. In either case, he may raise an
army or build a navy with the money. The
eighth section of the first article of the Constitu-
tion gives to Congress alone the power " to raise
and support armies," and "to provide and main-
tain a navy." In the execution of this trust
power, we owe it to the country and its Consti-
tution to define, if practicable at the time to do
so, how many men shall compose the army which
we undertake to raise and support; what kind of
troops it shall consist of; how many ships shall
compose the navy which we undertake to pro-
vide and maintain, and of what class they shall
be; and, in general, the whole course and prac-
tice of Congress, under the Constitution, «6 urbe
, condita, has been in accordance with this duty.
! The three million amendment was not only ob-
jectionable because it was a departure from our
whole course of legislation in these particulars,
but because it was, if sustained, a grant of money
to raise either an army or a navy at the discretion
of the President alone, without even limiting the
amount to be applied to either purpose. It was an
' abandonment of the whole trust confided to us,
to the full extent of the sum to be taken thus from
the Treasury.
The power " to raise and support armies,"and
to " provide and maintain a navy," conferred by
the eighth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution, is accompanied by other trust-powers
in the same section, a reference to which may be
useful to illustrate the extent to which the princi-
ple contended for by the advocates of this amend-
ment will carry them. Would it be constitu-
tional, I ask, to grant three millions, or any other
sum, to be expended under the direction of the
President, for the purpose of " laying and col-
lecting taxes,duties,imposts,and excises,"with-
out specifications of the fax, duty, impost, or
excise, or even the extent of each ? or for the
purpose of" borrowing money on the credit of
the United States," and " regulating commerce,"
without directing how much should be spent in
borrowing money, how much in regulating com-
j merce, bow much money should be borrowed,
and how the commerce should be regulated ? or
j for the purpose of "coining money, and fixing
I the standards of weights and measures," with-
j out saying how much should be spent for each
i purpose, and even without declaring how the
I money should be coined, and how the standard
of weights and measures should be fixed? or for
the purpose of" establishing post offices and post
roads," "defining and punishing piracies and
offenses against the law of nations," " declaring
war," and •* exercising exclusive legislation over
the District?" Sir, upon what principle is it that
any man can sustain the constitutionality of this
proposed amendment under which the President
was authorized to raise an army or provide a
navy, so far as three millions would effect it, if
he cannot also sustain a grant of power over three
millions to be expended by the President in " de-
claring war,"withoat saying when or against
what nation it shall be declared ? If one of these
trust-powers can be thus delegated, all that are
given by the same clause may be delegated; and
the boundary between executive and legislative
authority hereafter may be broken down, and will
be broken down, whenever, in the future progress
of our Government, an ambitious usurper shall
appear, claiming and exacting, on the mere score
of his popular character, the confidence of Con-
gress.
Sir, I say, therefore, to the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, that I envy him not the
enjoyment of that pride which he professed to
feel when he declared that he viewed the period
of his midnight vote for this abominable propo-
sition as the proudest moment of his life. The
honorable gentleman does not profess to have ex-
amined the constitutional question. I feel too
much respect for him as a jurist to believe for a
moment that he has deliberately, and on full in-
vestigation, determined this question to suit the
vote he gave. And be it now understood:, in
sheer justice to him and others who did in this
and the other House vote for that proposition,
under the impulse of sudden feeling, on the very
last day of the session., in the midst of the bustle
and distraction of a^cene of which men who have
not at some period of their lives represented their
