1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
National Defense—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
condemnation of those who, for seven years past,
have held the power to prevent thisstate of things,
ami have neglected their duty. Sir, his political
filends have held the reins for a longer period;
for they had their majority in Congress before
the termination of the last Administration. In
the other House, they have ever since held an
overwhelming influence; and in this, with the
exception of the last three years only, they have
also been in a constant majority. The other
House never proposed a measme for defense,
before last session, in which the Senate refused
to concur, and, what is more woi thy of note, they
never pioposed a bill for defense to which the
Senate did not add largely by amendment. For
seven years, during which time I have held aseat
here, the action of the Senate was always quite
as prompt as that of the other House on these
subjects, and, indeed, it my memory be correct,
we were generally in advance of them. Su, it is
in vain that the gentleman seeks to cast thatfear-
iul responsibility arising out ot more than seven
years' neglect ot our Atlantic sea-board, upon the
minority in Congress. In vain does he invoke
thejudgment of the public foroui naktd and ex-
posed condition against that Senate which, duung
the two oi three jears when the Adnumstiation
has not been able to control its vote, has been
made the scape-go*t to bear nearly all the other
neglects and transgressions of those in power.
The fact is, and every man within the sound
of my voice knows it, or ought to know it, that
not only has our whole system ot improvement
been checked, but the defenses of our countiy
have been shamefully neglected since the piesent
party came into power, on the miserable pretext
of paying off the national debt—a debt which
was never pressing, and which would have been
easily extinguished by the operation of the old
sinking-fund act, long before it could possibly
have been felt as an injury, if internal nnpiove-
ments had been still pioperly encouraged, and
oui sea-coast had been properly fortified Wit-
ness now that wondeiful exhibition of financial
skill and statesmanship, by which, when all the
other debts had been disposed of, the old thirteen
millions, drawing an interest of only three per
cent , and nearly all in the hands of foreignets,
was paid off, in despite of all lemonstrances, for
the sake of making the vainglorious boast, that
during this Administration the whole national
debt was extinguished. At the time we weie
paying these three pei cents , the Army, the
Navy, the fortifications, the roads and canals,
the improvement of our rivers, and even the or-
dinary facilities for commerce, were neglected.
Light-house bills, improvement bills, and bills to
distribute a portion of the avails of the public
domain among the States, for the purposes of
improvement and education, were either voted
down or vetoed down, and all for glory—ay, for
the glory of paying off the national debt, by with-
drawing from the people the use of their money,
which was surely worth to them, not only for
defense, but for improvement, the legal rate of
interest, and extinguishing a debt in the hands
of foreign creditors drawing three per cent. only.
Why, sir, the fact is notouous, that such has
been this miserable and morbid excitement, in-
dustriously kept up to gratify party pride and
folly, that scarcely a week has elapsed within the
last seven years in which some newspapei editor
has not reminded us of the glory of this Admin-
istration in paying off the national debt, yet,
during all this time, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says, our whole sea-board has been left
naked and exposed to any invader,our cities have
been constantly in danger of being sacked, our
coast pillaged, and our people butchered, without
the means of resistance in the event of a war.
This glory has left us all the while at the mercy
of any foreign Power which could have chosen
any moment to assail us.
The only salvo now relied upon to sustain those
in power from their own charge against th« Sen-
ate of leaving the whole sea-board defenseless, is,
that a majority, not all, of their party friends in
Congress did, at the last moment of the last ses-
sion, propose and vote for this "three million
amendment." Butwhatcould have been effected
with that money if we had granted it? Would
that have built up fortifications, and put the Navy
and Army on a war establishment, within the
nine months allowed for its expenditure' Sir, if
it had been applied to no mischievous purpose cal-
culated to induce a war with France, which some
think was its real design, its effect upon the sea-
coast in erecting forts would not have increased
the permanent security of the country to a per-
ceptible extent befoie the meeting of Congress.
If, through the whole period during which this
Administration has been in power, we had been
regularly progressing with a system of national
defense, properly adapted to the wants and means
of the Republic, we should hardly yet have been
in a state of preparation for war becoming such
a country and such glorious institutions as ours.
Labor itself cannot always be commanded by
money, and time is indispensable in the proper
constiuction of all great works; and an erior not
uncommon in regard to our public works of every
description has been, to do in months what should
be the work of years. But, in ordei to show the
gentleman from Pennsylvania and hisfnends how
utterly indefensible they are when anaigned on
their own chanres, let us now concede, for the
mere puipose of aigument, that this "three mil-
lion" amendment, upon which they relied, would
have been sufficient for putting the Army and
Navy on a war establishment, that it could have
effected all this in nine months, and that it was
neeessaty to expend it. I ask them how comes
it about that thev have suffered two whole months
of the present session to pass away without re-
newing this oi some similar proposition ' and how
do thev excuse themselves for not having pio-
posed so salutary a measure at an earlier day
during the last session ' The moment of the vote
on that amendment the gentleman says he shall
always look upon as the proudest moment of his
life. Doubtless, in his estimation, it was a most
happy vote for him. Then why not renew it?
Why does that patriotism, whose midnight vigils
receive so much applause, slumber during the
broad daylight, and why has it slept so long' He
has know n that the only objection of many among
us to the proposition was a constitutional objec-
tion, which, by altenng the proposition from a
general to a specific one, he could obviate. Then
why has he not proposed it, or something like it,
for the last two months, during all which time,
according to his own language, we have incuned
the danger of having our cities sacked, our coast
pillaged, and our people butchered for the want
of it' Since last session all intercourse with
France has been suspended; a powerful fleet, we
are told, has been hovering near our coast and
acting as a fleet of observation, and, with the vigi-
lance of a hawk, ready to stoop on our unpro-
tected commerce from its commanding position,
or to attack our naked sea-board at the slightest
notice.
To the question why this measure was pro-
posed only at the last momentof the last session,
the honorable member from Pennsylvania has
already attempted an answer. He took especial
pains to bring us to thepotni of time at which this
amendment was rejected. His object seemed to
be to demonstrate that then the patriot should have
spoken out, by thesunendei of his constitutional
scruples, and the delegation of his representative
power over the public treasure to the President
He reviewed the state of our relations With
France, for the very purpose of showing that, at
that period, our affairs were at a peculiarly dan-
gerous crisis, and labored to excuse himself and
his friends who brought forward this proposition
at that time, by making the impiession upon his
heaiers that there was just then a new impulse
given by recent intelligence from France to the
adoption of measures preparatory to a war. But,
sir, most unfortunately for this excuse, the intel-
ligence to which he has referred was decidedly
of a pacific character, and was precisely that very
information by which any reasonable man, how-
ever apprehensive of danger before its arrival,
would have been convinced that then there was
not the slightest apparent necessity for a resort to
any measures of a hostile character. Sir, the
honoiable gentleman (doubtless by mistake) re-
peated only a part of a sentence in the letter of
Mr. Livingston to the Secretary of State, of the
15th of January, 1835, which was communicated
to the other House by the President'  message
of 26th of February last. But, however favor-
able to his position the sentence may have been,
as he repeated it in the hurry of debate, yet, when
the part which he omitted is supplied, the whole
is absolutely fatal to it. The passage in Mr.
Livingston's letter to which he referred is in these
words:
" If the law should be rejected, 1 should not bp surpn-ed
if France anticipated our repi i«als by the seizure of our ves-
sel-, in port, or the attack oí our&hips in the Mediterianean
with a suppnor lorce "
Mr. Livingston then expressly predicates his
apprehension of danger upon (he contingency of
the rejection of the law to which the gentleman
did notadveit; and I have already shown that
Mi Livingston had carefully informed us in his
previous letter of the 14th of January, sent heie
by the same hand, and communicated to Con-
gress with the letter of the 15th, that his decided
conviction was that the law would pass, that the
Ministry weie reinforced by a powerful portion
of the Opposition in the Chambers, determined
to avoid hostilities, and sufficient to carry the
vote, and that the veiy measures which had be-
fore alaimed us (the recall of Seruner and the
notice of our Minister) were measures whi'h
were resorted to merely to save the pride of the
Fienoh Government and the French nation
Sir, this, the only evidence referred to by the
honorable gentleman, to inculpate me and my
friends for not joining with him in his midnight
vole, proves conclusively that, if those who acted
with him were justified by their apprehensions
of a foreign war in proposing such a measure as
they did at that time, they were grossly derelict
of duty, and faithless to their trust, in not having
proposed any proper measuie of defense at any
peuodof the session before the arrival of this pa-
cific intelligence, and when, by then present rea-
soning, it is made apparent that there must have
been, in their minds, íeasons for alarm seriously
and afflictively oppressive to their patriotic hearts.
But that sensibility to danger, which is now
avowed to have been felt only at the very point
of time when this vote was given, caused by a
new and sudden impulse of patriotic feeling, on
reading Mr Livingston's dispatch, slept for a week
after the dispatch was in their hands, and slum-
bered through the whole session of Congress,
before that witching time of night when, contrary
to all reasonable analogy, it was first roused to
action. Months had passed away; yet not a
whisper had been heard from it. The war mes-
sage of the President, the recall of ministers, and
the known refusal of France to pay the money,
with all calculations of the effect of the message
on her national pude, had not affected its slum-
bers. All the while it slept, and even snored.
For those who profess to have felt it stirring on
the night of the 3d of March had joined with us
in the vote of the 14th of January, 1835, declaring
that then (when there was certainly much greater
excuse for feigning apprehension) no legislative
measures whatevei ought to be adopted in leftr-
ence to the state of our affairs with France. Fiance
heard the note across the Atlantic, and fe.lt as-
suied that a sensibility which gave such evidence
of its slumbers would not suddenly awaken to
prepare for war, and its effect was to lull her too
into a state of tranquillity. Sir, what a pity for
us was it, if all this apprehension was justifiable
at that period, that it was not awakened until the
conscience of the honorable member from Ten-
[ nessee, [Mr Grundy,] and his friends in the other
House, awoke to stifle all the exertions of those
, who felt it—that twelve o,clock conscience, which
' was roused by the first blast of the party bugle,
to start scruples destructive to the fortification
bill, but which took a nap before the next crow-
ing of the cock, lest it should interrupt the pas-
sage of the bill to repair the Cumberland road.
I Then, sir, as to the peculiar excitement which
has been alleged to have existed in the public
I mind on the 3d of March last, and which has been
assigned by the gentleman from Pennsylvania as
another excuse for proposing this grant of three
millions at that particular moment. What excite-
ment does he refer to' We know there was no
alarm among the people at that period, no appre-
hension eitherfeltorcxpressed on account of any
threatened hostilities. I have recurred to some
files of papers of that day, and find their general
