"350
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
to interfere, as he has done, I have no doubt. I i
have as little doubt that he has arrived at this
conclusion upon free and fu'l advisement with his
leading friends. Fie has taken his ground too
broadly,and too much in the face of day, to doubt
his own opinion of his right in this respect. The
strongest and most effective argument which I
have heard advanced anion; the people, in favor
of the coarse pursued by the President, is, that
it is he, the honest and sagacious statesman as
well as warrior—it is the general opinion of his
patriotic intentions which prevails—that gives all
the weight to his preference for the succession,
and all the countenance to his direct interference
in that question, which either receives with the
Feople. It is the more unfortunate that it is so.
t is not the present contest, or the present day
only, that is to be affected by this practice; it is
future elections, future times, and the future des-
tiny of the country that we should look to. It is
the precedent that is most to be dreaded, and this
derives a tenfold force and mischief from the great
and lauded name arid character of him that makes
it. It is the more important that now, in his own
times, and in the pride of his influence and power,
that those who see, or think they see, the future
disasters to the Constitution and liberties of the
country which this practice will be likely to gen-
erate, shoutd protest against, and do all that de-
termined men can do to prevent a general acqui-
escence under it. I feel myself called upon to
bring to bear upon this question the authorities
of the greatest weight—the names of the most
beloved and most illustrious men connected with
the history of the country. But, first of all, I
must quote the President s own opinion against
himself. That General Jackson was once as zeal-
ous and as honest in his opposition to all Exec-
utive interference with elections as he is now,
when in favor of the practice, I have no doubt.
"Without trespassing upon the time of the com- ¡
mittee, by referring to a great deal more, 1 will ¡
content myself upon the present occasion, by
reading the sentiment delivered by the President
upon the subject of his first inaugural address, as
evidence of what his opinion then was. This
address was supposed, and was doubtless in-
tended, to give some solemn assurance to the
country of the fidelity of the new incumbent of
the presidential chair to the main principles upon
which he was brought into power.
" The recent demonstration of public sentiment inscribes
on the list of Executive duties, in characters too legible to
be overlooked, the task of reform, which will requise, par-
ticularly, the correction of those abuses that have brought
the patronage of the Federal Government into conflict with
the freedom of elections, and the counteraction of those
causes which have disturbed the rightful course of appoint-
ment, and have placed or continued power in unfaithful or
incompetent hands."
Alas, sir, for the dilapidations, not only of
matter but of principles, which the lapse of a few
years is able to effect! Here we have avowed
the very principles upon which the fate of the
late Administration turned—reform, and the lim-
itation of Executive patronage to prevent undue
Executive influence upon elections. So intense
was the excitement of the public mind upon this
subject the last two years of the late Administra-
tion, that it is my solemn conviction that, for one
single act of direct interference in elections on the
part of the gentleman who sits before me, [Mr.
Adams,] he would have been impeached by this
House. Yes, sir, I repeat, that for one act of
interference of the nature of those which are now
frequent and notorious, that gentleman would
have been put upon his trial before the Senate of
the United States. In proof of this, we have only
to remember with what jealous vigilance every
movement of the late Chief Magistrate, and of
every head of a Department, was watched by their
opponents. Why, sir, even a visit paid by one
of them to his own State was made the subject
of public reprobation; and the whole land was
filled with the indignant murmurings of the stern
and honest yeomanry against every act which
had the appearance of Executive electioneering.
It would be matter of amusing as well as of
instructive history to turn over the pages of the
Opposition or Jackson journals of that day, and
compare the principles then avowed by the Jack-
son party—by a party seeking power, with the
practices of the sume party after having been in
j power a few years. But I digress. To corrob-
orate the first opinion of General Jackson upon
the subject of Executive interference in the elec-
tion of a successor, we have the practice of every
President of the United States, from Washington
down to the present incumbent. We have the
express authority of President Jefferson for saying
that he felt himself restrained by his official
station from intimating any preference between
his political friends, even in private and confi-
dential intercourse.
But, sir, the times have greatly changed since
General Jackson came into power.  The spirit of
the age, not content with the wonderful advance
in the intermediate period in all the arts, has in-
fused itself into politics.    The inventive genius
of the times has been busy in this department also.
New and improved plans of party organization
and discipline have been started, and new con-
ceptions formed of the uses to which the spirit of
party may be applied. The idea of the existence
of a party in the country of undefined and unde-
finablc danger and designs upon the Constitution
is made at once the raw head and bloody bones
to alarm the credulous and ignorant, and the pre-
text for a vigilant, rigid, and exclusive party as-
sociation.   This dangerous but visible party may
be, not inaptly, called the devil of this new polit-
ical system.   As this new party is associated upon
the alleged principleof preserving the country and
the liberties of the people from that destruction
which awaits both, if they should fall into the
hands of the arch-enemy, it is plausibly and con-
clusively argued that all offices, emoluments, jobs,
contracts, and agencies—in short, the whole rev-
enue of the Government, should be distributed
among its members.    Tkis party may change or
shift its principles of policy oradministraiion with
the changing seasons themselves, but rt may still
• maintain its original ground of being the only de-
fenders of the liberties of the people!    It may
j! adopt and practice upon principles of ultra-fed-
1; eral policy to-day; it may practice upon the most
latitudinarian doctrines to-morrow; it may follow
in the narrow path of the straitestsectof the State-
rights party; it may reénact the alien and sedition
laws; it may commit every abuse known in the
administration of the most corrupt Government;
but still it will claim to be the exclusive champion
of the Constitution and the liberties of the people
I   against the unknown and unknowable designs of
a dangerous party; and this is sufficient to rally
thousands to iis standard.   Who does not see that
all that could justify party divisions in the coun-
try is wholly disregarded; that a new party is
forming, composed of members of every political
I' hue and complexion, and which must, from its
!; very nature and composition, end in a mere asso-
i   ciation for sharing the spoils; and that the pro-
:. fession of any particular set of principles is only
i I a device to delude?    Sir, it is not General Jack-
¡! son,then, that has changed, so much as the guid-
ing spirits of that party which now claims to be
his exclusive supporters; it is the influence and
power of this new principle of party association,
which begin to operate at the close of this Admin-
istration, and which is expected to introduce and
govern the course of the next.
But does there not exist at this time, or is there
not undergoing the process of organization, a
party, one of the fundamental maxims of which
is, that all the offices, honors, and emoluments
attached to political power belong of right to,
and ought in propriety to be awarded to, the vic-
torious in all party conflicts; a party which does
not hesitate to avow this to be one of the princi-
ples upon which they associate as a party; a party
which not only avows this principle as one of the
landmarks of their future action, should they con-
quer in the present contest for the control of the
Federal Government, but which, whenever in any
State they have heretofore possessed themselves
of thereinsof power,haveactually practiced upon
this principle. Is this not true of the party now
in power in the State of New York? and is not
the party nowin powerin that State the germ and
nucleus around which it is proposed to form a
great national party? I affirm that it is. And is
there any form of military discipline, Russian,
Prussian, or Austrian, more degrading and inex-
orable, and at the same time better calculated to
subject the mass—the rank and ale of the people—
to the absolute control and guidance of a chief or
chiefs, than the code of party tactics and disci-
pline enforced by the dominant party in New
York? The spirit of freedom and of free delib-
eration, among the members of the party, is sup-
pressed, not, indeed, by the bayonet, but by a
system scarcely less effective and terrible. While
it holds out the lure of office to the obedient and
faithful,it ordains extermination to the actual or
alleged and arbitrarily proscribed offender. A
man who shall have the independence to set the
decrees of the party, however obtained, whether
by the fiat of a single head or the resolves of a
secret junto, at defiance, or shall refuse to sup-
port them in the primary assemblies of the people—
assemblies called not to be primary in delibera*
tion, but notoriously, as I understand it, called
last to council in order to ratify what has been
already decided; a man, I say, who dares to
oppose the action of this system, no matter to
what unjust or mischievous extremes it may lead,
is not only stripped of all his privileges, and of
whatever portion of the spoils which may have
fallen to his lot in former triumphs, but he is to
be tattoed — to have a black line drawn around
him—in fine, to be shot as a deserter!
I know of no parallel, or any analogous prac-
tice in the history of the country, but what is re-
corded of the policy of the Five Nations of In-
dians, who once, from their castles and fastnesses
in the country which now forms the State of New
York, dictated the conduct of the subject tribes
around them, extending, at one time, nearly a
thousand miles to the south and to the west.
These conquerors of the forest ordained what they
called the law of the hunt, and woe and exterm-
ination were the lot of the unhappy tribe that un-
wittingly or otherwise happened or dared to vio-
late it. The successors of these savages have, it
seems, in a spirit of equal address and compre-
hension of design,established theirlawof the hunt,
but not the hunt of the buffalo, of the bear, and
of the beaver, but of the spoils ! Those who have
driven these savage visiters from their haunts,
have profited by their policy, and the subtlety
and enterprise of the Mohawks are imitated and
surpassed by their white invaders. But let them
beware, and let those who regard the success of
this system of party discipline with the same ap-
prehension that I do, take courage from the his-
torical fact that the Five Nations, terrible and
powerful as they were, had bounds set to their
ambition and their dominion. The Catawbas of
South Carolina stayed the torrent of desolation in
its progress along the Atlantic border, though
they were well nigh exterminated in the conflict;
but when they were reduced to a very small num-
ber, they still resisted—made rich reprisals of
blood upon their numerous and haughty foes,
and still triumphantly held their country ! But
these conquerors of the north were successfully
met, beaten, and driven back with slaughter, in
frequent rencounters in another quarter. Along
that whole line of the country running cast and
west, and constituting what is now the State of
Tennessee, the Indian proprietors maintained
their ground in a contest of half a century, and
still bid defiance to the hunters of all the country
to the north and the northwest—ay, sir, and they
were ready to submit to extermination rather than
political slavery. The analogy might be traced
further. In this war for national independence,
waged by the natives of this noble tract of coun-
try, they had to encounter, not the Five Nations
and their allies of the north and west only, but
often a combination of some of the tribes of the
south—their own natural allies; but still they
stood and fought undismayed, and were finally
victorious!
Sir, I believe I have not misrepresented the
policy and discipline of the party now in power
in the State of New York—I mean, in affirming
that all the offices of the State are regarded as the
property, as of course, of the victorious in a party
contest. If I am not mistaken, it is no secret that
such is the established policy—nay, that scarcely
any man of any party (so well and permanently
is this system ingrafted upon the people of that
State) ever thinks of questioning or opposing it.
It is regarded as a thing not only settled, but
admissible and justifiable, by the politicians on
both sides.   But it is not in the State of New
