752
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June 23,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
feel, that the only road to Executive patronage
and favor lies in an actual or well-affected devo-
tion to the interests of a particular candidate for
the Presidency'
And this has been the state of things for more
than a year, and yet there has been no effectual
rising'of the peeple ! Buteiglit yearsago,if sucha
state of things had been understood to exist, such
a burning heat would have been suddenly kindled
in this land—such a consuming fire would have
raged in this Hall, as to have left no vestige of a
party which would then have dared to practice
upon such a principle. I entreat the House—I
conjure the country to look to the future results
of tins state of things. Nay, sir, I conjure them
to look to present results. Have not the power and
influence of the Executive been felt in the elections
of members to this House ? Has not the power
of the Executive been felt in the deliberations and
action of this House ? How long will it be before
the practice of appointing the presiding officer
of this House by the President shall be ripened
into usage? How long before the Speakership
shall be but an appendage of Executive patronage,
to be disposed of like every other office or sta-
tion, for the benefit of the party? When these
things shall come to pass, where then will be
those divisions of the powers of sovereignty into
separate departments; which have ever been re-
garded as the greatest safeguards of our liberties?
Where will be your separate and independent
legislative department' where your judiciary, for
that, too, must soon yield under the present pres-
sure ? Sir, with the powers and influence of the
Executive, as at present exercised, this Govern-
ment is an elective monarchy. It is well that we
no longer deceive ourselves with names. It is
this day an elective monarchy. The sum of Ex-
ecutive power and patronage justifies this appel-
lation. The consideration and circumstance of
state conceded to the President, justify this new
cognomen. I beg leave to refer to several pas-
sages of the report made by a leading member of
the party in 1826, [Mr. Benton,] in the Senate
of the United States, upon the subject of Execu-
tive power and patronage, as strongly corrobo-
rative of these views:
" Although the impression was nearly universal that a
Government of more energetic character had become indis-
pensably necessary, yet even under the influence of this
conviction—such was the dread of power and patronage—
that the States with extreme reluctance yielded their assent
to the establishmentof the Federal Government. Nor was
this the effect of idle and visionary tears on the part of an
ignorant multitude, without knowledge of the nature and
tendency of power. On the contrary, it resulted from the
most extensive and prolouud political knowledge—from the
heads of statesmen unsurpassed, in any age, in sagacity and
patriotism. Nothing could reconcile the great men of that
day to a constitution of so much power but the guards
which were put upon it against the abuse of power. Dread
and jealousy of this abuse displayed it-elf throughout the
Instrument. To this «pint we are indebted for the freedom
of the press, trial by jury, liberty of conscience, freedom
of debate, responsibility to constituents, power of impeach-
ment, the control of Uie Senate in appointments to office."
" The action of such a body of men, supposing them to
be animated by one spirit, must be tremendous in an elec-
tion ; and that they will be so animated is a proposition too
plain to need demonstration. Poner over a man's support
has always been held and admitted to be power over his
will. The President has ' power' over the ' support' of all
these officers, and they again have ' power' over the ' sup-
port' of debtor merchant  to the amount of $10,000,000 per
annum, and over the daily support of an immense number
of individuals, professional, mechanical, and day-laboring,
to whom they can and vnll extend or deny a valuable private
as well as public patronage, according to the part which
they shall act in State as well as in Federal elections. Still
this is only a branch, amere prong, of Federal patronage m
the city of New York."
" Everywhere, to the extreme frontier of the remotest
State or Territory, Federal patronage will be found, in
degree and force, proportionate to the population of trie
place, and forever augmented with the increasing power of
the Government. Diminution of patronage is not thought
of, the state of the custom house in Norfolk Is already
pregnant proof of this. This power of patronage, unless
checked by the vigorous interposition of Congress, must go
on increasing, until Federal influence, m many parts of
this Confederation, will predominate in elections as com-
pletely as British influence predominates in the elections
of Scotland and Ireland, in rotton boroagh towns, and in
the great naval stations of Portsmouth and Plymouth. In
no part of the practical operation of the Federal Govern-
ment have the predictions of its ablest advocates been more
completely falsified than on this subject of patronage.
" The whole of this great power will center in the Presi-
dent. The King of England is the ' fountain of honor;' th*
President of the United States is the source of patronage.
He presides overthe entire system of Federal appointments,
jobs, and contracts. He has ' power5 over the ' support'
of tfcs induridnaU who administer Dm system.   He make*
and unmakes them. He chooses from the circle of his
Iriends and supporters, and may dismiss, them, and upon all
the principles ot human action 'mil di-rniss them as olten as
thev disappoint his expeditions. His spirit animates tiltir
actions in all the elections to State ami Federal officis.
There maj be exceptions, but the truth ot a general rule
is prove d bv the exception The intended check and con-
trol ot the Stnate, without new constitutional or statutory
provisions, will cease to operate. I'atronasje will penetrate
this hodv, subdue its capacity of resistance, chain it to the
car of power, and enable the President to rule as easilj,
and much more securelj with than without the nominal
check ot the Senate
•• We must, then, look forward to the time when the
public revenue will be doubled; when the civil and military
officers ot the Federal Government will be quadrupled;
when its influence over individuals will be multiplied toan
indefinite e\tent; when the nomination bj the President
can eurrv an ; man through the Senate, and fu« recommend
ahon can carry any measure through the two Houses of
Congress ; when the principle ol public action will be open
and avowed—the President nants MY tote, and I uant
UTS patronage; I will VOTE as he inches, and he unll
GIVE me the office Tu-iih for. What will this be but the
government of one man? And what is the government of
one man but amonare*;/' Names are nothing. The nature
ot a thing i  in its substance, and the name soon accom-
modates itself to the substance. The first Roman Emperor
was styled Emperor ofthe Rcpublic, and the last French
Emperor took the same title ; and their respective coun-
tries were just as esseutially monarchicai, before as after
the assumption of these titles. It cannot be denied or dis-
sembled but that this Federal Gov eminent gravitates to the
same point, and that the election of the Executive by the
Legislature quickens the impulsion."
When, by the use of the enormous amount of
patronage vested in the President, he shall be
able to control the elections of a majority of the
members of both Houses of Congress, the Gov-
ernment of the United States will not only be an
elective monarchy, but the monarch so elected
will be absolute; and when a President shall es-
tablish the practice of appointing his successor,
either directly or indirectly, it will be, in sub-
stance, a hereditary monarchy. Why, sir, the
evil of consolidation, the stumbling block of the
old Virginia school of politicians—that consoli-
dation, the fear of which operated so powerfully
at one lime in that ancient Commonwealth, as to
endanger the adoption of the Constitution, and
often afterwards threatened to paralyze the action
of the Government, is upon the eve of being real-
ized ! But where no w are the spirit and eloquence
of her Henrys—where sleep her Pendletons, her
Nicholases, her Masons, her Roanes, and her
Jeffersons, in this day, when the crisis has act-
ually come' Where are the successors and de-
scendants of those illustrious champions of free
government that the country might expect to see
leading the van—standing, like their sires of old,
in the front of the battle, and urging on their
countrymen to the charge, agatnstevery advance
of the Executive to increased or absolute power'
Sir, when the President openly throws the whole
weight of his authority and influence into the
scale of a particular candidate for the succession
—when the patronage connected with all the pub-
lic establishments—when the millions of money
annually at the disposal of the Executive are to
be administered and distributed for the purpose
of controlling the legislative department of the
Government, and of securing the Presidency to
a succession of designated political adventurers,
and of consolidating all power in the hands of a
chief of a party—with one or two distinguished
exceptions, we find the lineal party descendants
in this House of the most illustrious band of
patriots and statesman that ever, at any one time,
adorned a single Commonwealth, lending the
honors of their ancestry—the fame of their pa-
triot sires—-the glorious recollections of their
stern republican principles and virtue, to gild over
the deformities, and to promote the success of a
party which, from its very nature and funda-
mental doctrines, leads inevitably to the catas-
trophe which was ever the source of the greatest
dread and consternation to their fathers ?
The accelerated and downward course of sound
maxims and principles in a free Government,
when once the impulse is given in that direction,
was never more strongly illustrated, than in the
change which has taken place in the principles
and practices of the origlaat Jackson party, and
the party now in power, and which claims to be
identical with it. It is but a few brief years since,
that an infant effort of that party which after-
wards with a giant's strength overthrew every-
thing that opposed it, did as much to accomplish
the final undoing of the late Administration as
any other movement of the most vigilant and en
ergetic combinations ever formed in this country;
and pray, sir, what do you suppose that infant
effort was ' Simply a resolution offered to this
House by a gentleman from North Carolina, (Mr.
Saunders,) calling upon the Secretary of State to
inform the House of the reasons which had im-
pelled him to take the printing of the laws from
certain publishers of newspapers who had Ion"
perfoimed that service for the Government, and
to give it to his own political friends. This pro-
ceeding was cotemporaneous with the report of
a distinguished Senator from Missouri [Mr. Ben-
ton] upon the subject of Executive patronage, to
which I have already refeired. The repoi-rdep-
recated the further increase of the patronage of
the Government, and was accompanied by six
bills to limit and prevent the abuse of it. This
movement was followed up at the succeeding Con-
gress by the celebiated debate and report, founded
upon the retrenchment resolutions introduced into
this House by a member from Kentucky. These,
sir, were the sources from which the Jacksort
paity at that day drew its principal nutriment.
This was the milk upon which the young Her-
cules was fed, who sat out with the professed de-
termination of clearing the land of all political
robbers and impostors, but who, now that he ia
full grown, and without a rival, threatens to be-
come himself the greatest impostor and robber of
the age. I speak of the party, not of its head.
Suppose, sir, that any member of the House
should, at this day, bring forward a resolution
calling upon the Piesident or any of the heads of
Departments for his reasons for withholding the
patronage within his control from an opponent
who had long enjoyed it, and bestowing it upon
a political favorite, would he not be considered
a man demented by every member of the party
which now assumes the name, and professes to act
upon the principles of the true Jackson party?
The mover of such a resolution would be regarded
as a second Rip Van Wynkle—one who had just
awaked after a sleep of years, and found himself
far in the rear of the improvement of the age.
But, sir, who could have supposed that so great a
change in public sentiment could have taken place
in the space of six or seven years? Who could
have supposed that this change could have been
produced in the same nominal party' A party,
too, which, in the face ofthe whole people ofthe
United States, claims to be identical with the party
which differed so widely from them a few years
ago ! This question of patronage was not then a
subordinate one; it was first and chief; it was
regarded as vital.
But these proceedings do not afford the most
striking evidence which exists of the singularly
opposite sentiment which prevailed at that day,
from those which are avowed and practiced upon
by the same nominal party at this day. The
member from North Carolina [Mr. Saunders]
who brought forward the resolution of inquiry to
which I hav« adverted, complained that the Sec-
retary of State had violated a sound principle in
taking from an individual, not an office, but a job,
the publishing of the laws, who had before that
time performed that duty faithfully, to confer it
upon a political partisan; but the idea that the
Executive would ever dare to vacate an office, or
remove an officer for opinion's sake, never en-
tered the imagination of that gentleman, as may
be fairly inferred from his argument. That gen-
tleman was then so great a Puritan upon that
subject that he shrunk with horror from the idea
that any President would ever dare to remove a
faithful public officer; yet we find that identical
person while enjoying a salary of three thousand
a year as an officer of the Government, lately
attending a political meeting at Baltimore, and
becoming the second person at that meeting in
activity and zeal, in order to promote the success
of a party which openly avows the justice and
propriety of the practice of making all offices in
the control of the Executive the prizes and re-
wards of paTty service and party triumphs! That
gentleman does not appear to me to have improved
his political principles as he has grown older.
His early principles were the best, and so well
am I convinced that the day that the new doc-
trines espoused by him shall be established and
acquiesced in by the people will be near the las*
