1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
753
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Bell.
Ho. op Reps.
davs of the Republic, that, for the first instance
wliich shall occur of the removal of a faithful
public officer by a President of the United States,
to make a place for a political partisan, while I '
have the honor of a scat upon this floor, I will
vote his impeachment by this House, as for an
abuse of power, a misdemeanor the most danger-
ous which can exist under the Government Mr.
Jefferson, sir, had as good a will to do an act of
tins kind as any man who was ever President,
but his patriotism, his principles, and his sense
of duty restrained him. He saw and he shrunk
from the consequences of such a practice Mr.
Jefferson made the proper distinction, and took
the true ground when he declared that any inter-
ference of a public officer in the elections would
he good cause for removal
Sir, I put the question, what difference can there
be between the appointment of a successor, by
the use of the Executive patronage and influence,
in the name of a party, and as the head of a party,
and the appointment of the President, as, and in
the name of, the President in virtue of his office?
]Sa practical statesmen will say there is any dif-
ference in substance and effect.
But it is said—I have heard it repeatedly said
—and it is the drift of one half the canting mat-
ter which fills the columns of the party press—
that the principles which are at stake in the pres-
ent contest for political power in the United States
an; of such \ ital importance to the rights and
liberties of the people, and to the preservation of
our free institutions, that every influence, whether
strictly regular or not, ought to be brought to bear
in order to insure the success of the Republican
party; and it is clamorously urged that certain
usages of the party are important to be preserved
in order to keep the party together. What all
those usages are I do not certainly know. Some
of them are avowed. The first and most import-
ant appears to be the practice of caucus nomina-
tions. Another one is that all offices are of right
the property of, and ought to be given to, the pro-
fessing members of that party. It follows that
removals from office for opinion sake are justifi-
able and proper, in order to conform to this usage.
Cpon the same principle, and for the same reason,
the patronage and influence of the President, he
being the official head of the party, ought to be
thrown into the scale of the candidate for the suc-
cession selected according to the party usage of
caucus uomination. The sum of the argument is,
that the present political condition of the country
is like the case of an invasion by a public enemy
—that the crisis is extraordinary, and demands
extraordinary remedies; and that a regard for safe
precedents or constitutional restraints ought not
to stand in the way of the salvation of the coun-
try; in other words, that we have arrived at such
a crisis in our civil affairs, that if a similar state
of things were to occur in time of war, martial
law ought to be declared. Whether the condition
of the country—whether the principles and de-
signs of any party in this country are of a nature
so wicked and mischievous as to justify such a
remedy or not, the fact is, that a sort of law-mar-
tial has been proclaimed, and the proper officers
and authorities are actively engaged in carrying
it into execution in every part of the Union. With-
out pausing to inquire to what catastrophe the
success of any of the obnoxious and so much
dreaded parties in this country could lead, more
disastrous, more directly subversive of the very
foundation-stones of our glorious political edifice,
than the establishment of these new and unwar-
rantable doctrines and practices, I propose to in-
quire, for a moment, what the principles of this
party are which thus generously steps forward
and proceeds to officiate as the only safe guardian
of our dearest rights. I mean to inquire what
the principles of this party are, not what the
members of it profess. I wish, also, to inquire
what assurances, what guarantees it can. give,
from the past conductand principles of its leaders,
that it is fit to be trusted with the entire political
power of the country. As this party claims to
be the Jackson party, 1 propose to apply the
proper tests upon this point also.
The first and most decisive ground assumed by
the original Jackson party was against caucus
nominations. The most fatal blow aimed at Mr.
Crawford was this denunciation of the alleged
No. 48
usage of the old Republican party.    Mr. Craw- '
ford fell under it; but I do not intend to dwell
further upon this point now.                                    ¡
Next to the attack made upon the caucus sys-
tem, the original Jackson party profited most by
the principles it professed upon the subject of
Government patronage. The original Jackson
party held that the patronage of the Government
was a trust for the public good and service, and
that an Administration which should deliberately
seek to punish its opponents by removing them
from office, and to reward its partisans by bestow-
ing the vacant employments upon them, deserved
to be degraded and expelled from their station,
and to receive the execrations of an indignant
people. These, sir, were the doctrines and senti-
ments of the true and genuine Jackson party, and
they were held to be vital in the creed of that
party. What are the doctrines and practices now
of the party which claims to be the same? Why,
sir, that the spoils of office are the rightful prop-
erty of the victors—that the patronage is what
they have a title to—that this is one of the usages
which it is essential to the preservation of the
party to observe. As a natual and inevitable
result of this usage, it is the duty of the Presi-
dent to administer the patronage of the Govern-
ment so as to advance the interests of the party.
So much for Executive patronage and the doc-
trines of this new Republican party in respect to
the manner in which it shall be distributed. It
seems that all the old notions of the Republican
party, in relation to the proper end and use of
patronage, are now regarded as old-fashioned,
exploded, and, in fact, anti-republican !
I now proceed to notice some of the more im-
portant questions, which may be regarded as test-
ing the principles of the party, in the order in
which they have arisen for the decision of Con-
gress. The first which presented itself was the
subject of internal improvement, involving both
the expediency of the system proposed and the
constitutional power of Congress over the subject.
In the South and Southwest, with few exceptions,
the members of the Jackson party were strenu-
ously opposed to the whole scheme—in Virginia,
South Carolina, and Georgia, upon constitutional
grounds. This was supposed to be a fair test ques-
tion between the Republican and Federal parties;
the great line of principle which separated them
being the proper rule of interpreting the Constitu-
tion—whether strictly, and with a view to limit the
power and patronage of the Government, or liber-
ally, with a view to enlarge its powers and give
greater strength to its action. In theNorthand
West, however, the members of the Jackson party
differed from their political allies of the other sec-
tions, and strenuously maintained both the expe-
diency of a system of internal improvement, and
the power of the Government to carry it into
effect. The Jackson party in Kentucky, Ohio, In-
diana, Illinois, and Pennsylvania, were the lead-
ing patrons and advocates of the system. Even
after the veto of the Maysville road bill, the party
' in the States north of the Ohio continued to sup-
I port the Administration, upon the ground of the
i exception made in the veto message in favor of
I  the Cumberland road; and the States of Ohio,
¡ Indiana, and Illinois have continued their alle-
' giance upon the condition that large annual ap-
| propriations should  be made to complete that
great highway.    So far, then, as regards those
í States and that great and splendid Work, the pro-
| jected system of internal improvement has been
I sanctioned by the General Government.    It is
j pretended that this exception is justified by the
I compact between the Federal Government and the
States north of the Ohio, which stipulated that a
' certain proportion of the proceeds of the public
lands in those States should be applied to the con-
struction of a road from the Atlantic to those
States.    It is not so.    When the stipulated pro-
portion of the proceeds of the public lands was
! applied from time to time, the terms of the com-
lj pact were fulfilled, and the power of the Federal
j  Government ceased.    A question might be made
II  whether the Federal Government had any author-
|, ity, under the Constitution, to enter into such a
i! compact; but admitting that it had, still the truth
j: is, that a system of internal improvement has
;| been sustained by the present Administration,
|| however partial the execution of it may have
been. There has not been a single appropriation
to that road made since General Jackson came
into power which could be justified by the com-
I pact. The practical and effective compact, under
which these appropriations have been made, is
the tacit one that, the moment appropriations for
this road cease, the States concerned will no
longer give their support to the Administration.
Such, sir, from the first, have been the loose prin-
ciples of the party upon this question—a question
which, I think, Virginia and Georgia will admit
to be a test question. All, or nearly all the gen-
tlemen of the Northwest, who belong to the dom-
inant party in this House, are to this day the ad-
vocates of a system of internal improvement; so
are those from Pennsylvania; and so from Ken-
tucky—all good internal improvement men. Let
us test the pretensions of that party which unites
with such hearty good will upon all questions of
a party nature in this House, to be regarded as
the exclusive depositaries of Republican princi-
ples, by circumstances a little more specific and
particular. I may be too particular to be alto-
gether agreeable to individuals, but this is a ques-
tion of high principle, and it is necessary to be
explicit.
I suppose no one will question but that the
principles of the two distinguished gentlemen se-
lected by the dominant party to fill the two highest
offices in the Government may be truly and fairly
held to be the principles of the party as such
which supports them. Well, sir, the gentleman
from Kentucky, who has been selected to be the
candidate of the party for the Vice Presidency,
leaves usnothing to doubt as to his opinions upon
the subject of internal improvement. He avows
his views upon this subject candidly, and as be-
comes a man, in his letter accepting the nomin-
ation of the Baltimore Convention. That dis-
tinguished gentleman thinks that all works of
internal improvement should, for various sound
reasons, which he enumerates, be carried on by
the States, except such as are universally admitted
tobe of a national character. This is going quite
as far as any advocate of internal improvement
has ever gone in this House. No man, nor any
party, has, in my knowledge, ever contended that
the Federal Government ought to construct any
works except such as are of a national character.
It is true thatVirginiaappears to reluctate a little
¡ at the idea of givine its support to this nomina-
tion; but my friend from Kentucky need not be
uneasy at this; the party in that State are only
preparing to take him with a better grace, or to
connive at his election. That State has given
1! her sanction to principles and practices far more
odious and monstrous to the sense of the real
Republicans of the country, than any principle
of his to which they have taken exception. But a
more important inquiry is, what are the principles
of the nominee of the Baltimore Convention for
i the Presidency, (Mr. Van Buren,) and what is to
be his course upon the subject of internal im-
provement? If any man knows what his prin-
ciples are, orwhat his course is likely to be upon
I this subject, from anything he has explicitly
| stated or avowed, he is more fortunate than my-
I self. If there is any friend of his in this House
i who is better informed than myself, I hope he
will do that gentleman the justice to let us know
what his principles really are in relation to this
subject. But, sir, I do know what the principles
of that gentleman are understood to be, and what
his course is expected to be in the States north
of the Ohio. There, sir, he is represented by his
friends, and is believed by the people, to be in
favor of a system of internal improvement by the
General Government. This is the general belief
in those States. Some of his more judicious
friends, I understand, represent that he is an ad-
vocate for internal improvement so far as relates
to the interests and wants of those States, and
this satisfies the people.
Now, sir, I call upon the members of this
House who represent any of those States, and
are friendly to the election of that gentleman, to
correct me, if I have misstated or misconceived
the belief which prevails in that section of the
Union in relation to the principles and probable
course of Mr. Van Buren upon the subject of in-
ternal improvement. It is due alike to him and
to themselves that they should state whether
