1836.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
too
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
a bank? One thing at least is certain; and that
is, that whore there has been so much inconsist-
ency, and so little regard for Candor or principle
heretofore, there can be no grounds of confidence
fur the future. It will scarcely surprise this
House, after what I have shown in relation to the
opinions of the first men in the party, that this is
the point upon which I have been most pressed,
not only by the common pack of pursuers, but
by the President himself. Ho who had far out-
stripped trie in his views upon the subject of a
bank—being willing to establish one at the seat
of Government—a national bank, founded upon
the public credit—such a bank as I would have
sanctioned only when I was prepared to surrender
every guarantee of liberty in the Constitution—
condescended to denounce me for entertaining
opinions favorable to a bank ! And hundreds of
honest citizens have, in this way, been made to
believe that my politics are of a most pernicious
and monstrous character!
But, to come down to the rank and file of the
party. Did not the whole of the Pennsylvania
delegation vote for the bank charter in 183a, and
was not the Legislature of that great and patriotic
State unanimously in favor of the bank in that
year? As to the gentlemen of the party from New
York, what pledge, what evidence, have they ever
given to the country that they are not ready any
day to support a bank charter, when it shall be
recommended as a party measure by the leaders
of the party? The members of the party from
Virginia I exonerate from a charge of such" gross
disregard of principle, but there is one charge
from which I cannot exonerate them: it is, that
with their eyes open, and when they see and
know that a majority of their party associates in
this House, and in the country, are prepared to
sanction a bank, and every other measure which
they profess to condemn, yet they still profess
to take their present course in politics upon the
ground of principle.
I have done, Mr. Chairman, with this enumer-
ation of test questions. The enumeration may
not be complete, but I think I have omitted none
of a permanent and enduring nature. Well, sir,
what conclusions may we justly draw from this
brief review of the course of the party hereto-
fore? Where, sir, are those principles of the
party which, it is said, mini be upheld?—those
principles which, like the Union itself, " musí be
preserved?"—those principles which justify a re-
sort to such a miserable cheat, so gross a device
as the Baltimore Convention for the election of a
President, instead of the regular constitutional
mode of electing that high officer? Where are
those principles which justify the open and direct
interference of the Executive in the election of
his successor, and the consequent prostitution of
the whole patronage of the Government to that
object? Where, I repeat, and what, are those
principles which are endangered by dividing the
party? Whatare those principles which a learned
judge of Virginia (Mr. Barbour) fears will be
endangered by dividing the party? What are
those principles which another learned associate
judge of the Supreme Court of the United States
(Mr. Wayne) had in his mind when he gave the
sentiment, last summer, in favor of the practice
of caucus nominations ? I have shown that the
principles of the dominant party sanction re-
movals from office for opinion's sake, and justify
the use of Executive patronage in controlling
elections as a necessary cement of union among
the members of it. I have shown that a majority
of the party are prepared to support a system of
internal improvement by the Federal Govern-
ment; that the moment it becomes expedient, in
reference to party interests, they are ready to
establish a national bank; that they are in favor
of increasing the expenditures and patronage of
the Government in every branch of the public
service; and, above all, I have shown that they
are prepared to sanction and justify the direct
and open interference of tlie Presiden tin the elec-
tion of his successor. Now, sir, what party in
this country would go further? Are these the
principles which are so important to be preserved,
that every other consideration, sound doctrine,
and practice must be disregarded and trampled
upon ? What are those principles and practices
of the Federal party which the people are taught
deserve their abhorrence; and how do they differ
from those of the party in power? Will some
member of the House do me the favor—will he
do the country the favor to point them out ? Are
they worse than the principles and practices which
I have proved to belong to the self-styled Repub-
lican party?
I cannot conclude my remarks upon the shame-
ful disregard and contempt of all consistency
manifest in the course of the leaders of this party,
without some notice of a practice that deserves
the most pointed rebuke from every friend of
popular rights and free government. Since the
beginning of time, there has not been a more gross
and sytematic attempt to excite and delude the
people by false professions and pretenses, or, to
use a popular term, by humbugging them. I am
sorry to say that the heads—the first men in the
party—are most distinguished in the practice of
this method of leading, and thereby governing,
the people. Such a practice, in any Government,
in the leaders of any party, is disgraceful, but it
is especially so when resorted to by republican
statesmen, because it is absolutely subversive of
the principles and theory of a free Government.
It is founded and adopted upon the idea that in
no other way can the people be governed; in
truth, that they have not capacity or information
sufficient for self-government. It is the method
adopted by all arbitrary and unjustGovernments,
from the earliest times, to maintain their authori-
ty among the people. It is the essence of all
state-craft, as well as priest-craft, to take advant-
age of the ignorance of the people, and wheedle
them into a reverence for unjust authority, by
every species of fraud and imposture—a system
always adapted in each country to the peculiar
prejudices, civil and religious, of the people. The
introduction, at this time, of a system of this
kind, open and gross as it has been of late, must
have the most unhappy effect upon the cause of
free institutions everywhere. While it proceeds
upon the hypothesis that the mass of the people
are little better than children in the grade of their
intellect, and possessing all their credulity and
waywardness, it leads directly to the suppression
of the truth, as you may see daily exemplified in
the columns of the newspaper organ of the party,
(the Globe.) I need scarcely say that the charac-
teristic feature of this practice, and its first requi-
site, is impudence. It is a singular fact, in the
history of the human mind, that the most un-
common and unaccountable deceptions which
have been practiced upon it have ever succeeded
chiefly by the boldness, by the sheer impudence,
with which they have been attempted. But, that
I may not be charged with making loose and un-
supported declarations, I propose to array a few
of the proofs which exist of a successful resort
to this system by the gentlemen who now control
the administration of public affairs in this country.
The first grand deception which was played
off upon the honest and confiding people of this
country was the early announcement that retrench-
ment and reform were to be cardinal points in
the policy, and the most cherished objects of the
present Administration. Well, sir, the first act
of retrenchment which took place, I believe, was
perpetrated by the present Postmaster General,
(Mr. Kendall,) when Fourth Auditor of the
Treasury. One of the first acts of his official
duty was to decline taking certain newspapers at
the public charge—an extravagance which his
predecessor had indulged in. It would be really
amusing now to run over the pages of the then
official organ of the party, and remark the con-
sequence which was imparted to this act; but
this was declared to be but a grain of sand upon
the sea-shore, in comparison of what was to fol-
low. If there was any repetition of this example
of retrenchment more notable than this one, I do
not now recollect it. Whether the expenditures
of the Government have been retrenched or not,
I refer to the public documents to answer. I will
merely state, upon this head, that the regular
appropriations for the service of the present year,
exclusive of the expenses of Indian wars, exceed
the expenditures of any former year of the late
Administration more than one hundred percent.'.
This is certainly an extraordinary evidence of
increased economyand retrenchment!'Now,sir,
as to the other branch of the reform, which was
announced as the great purpose of the present
Administration, I mean the reform of those
abuses which had brought the patronage of the
Government in conflict with the freedom of elec-
tions, I have already alluded to the language of
the inaugural address upon this subject. This
was, as interpreted at the time, a proclamation
and interdict to all public officers, alter the man-
ner of Mr. Jefferson's circular, to abstain from
all interference in elections. Whenever the sub-
ject of Executive interference, or the perversion
and abuse of Executive patronage, and the inter-
ference of public officers in elections, have been
noticed or complained of, the President, by his
usual organs of communication with the. public,
has been held up to the people as decidedly
adverse in his principles and feelings to any such
practices. About two years ago, I believe it was
upon some complaint that a public officer had
interfered in an election in the Territory of Florida,
the official organ announced to the country that
no such interference could have been authorized
by the Executive, inasmuch as lie had expressly
interdicted all such practices in his first inaugural
address. Even as late as last summer, his prin-
ciples in relation to this practice were declared in
his favorite organ to be well known, and that
they had never been changed ! Sir, thousands
of honest men of the party receive all this with
the same degree of faith that they read the Bible.
But what are the facts; and what were the facts
at the time those hypocritical declarations were
made? Sir  the President himself had, at that
time, not only taken an open and decided part in
the election of his successor, even as between two
of hisown political friends, but he had interfered,
and was then actively and zealously employed
in operating u-pon the elections of members of
both Houses of Congress. But this is not all;
so far was he from interdicting the interference
of public officers in elections, that he is known to
have given his countenance to such interference
in more than one instance; and every public officer
in the United States now knows that he cannot
do a more acceptable service to the Executive,
than to devote himself to the cause of the Vice
President. As to the course of subordinate public
officers generally, the humbug of reform is, if
possible, more striking and complete. Is there
a me.mber of this House who does not know that
in every public meeting, particularly in the North
and Northwest, connected with the presidential
elections, the officers of this Government and the
State governments, of the same politics, are the
most active agents concerned in them; signaliz-
ing themselves by their zeal in drilling and drum-
ming in advance, or as members of the meeting;
surveyors, registers, and receivers of land offices,
postmasters, custom-house officers, and mail con-
tractors ! But a few facts are of more value than
a great deal of mere assertion. It has been stated,
upon good authority, and never contradicted, that
in the convention which met at Albany last year,
to appoint delegates to represent the State of New
York in the Baltimore Convention, there were
forty-eight public officers of the State and Federal
Governments, and among the number eighteen
postmasters and thirteen judges of courts! Of
the committee raised to select the delegates, eigh-
teen were public officers, and among the number
twelve postmasters. Of the whole number of
delegates to the convention at Baltimore, forty-
two in number, twenty were public officers of
the State or National Governments, and of these
five were postmasters, and five others judges of
courts.
In the convention which sat on the 8th day of
January, 1834, at Columbus, Ohio, to appoint
delegates to meet in the national convention at
Baltimore, forty-seven were public officers, and,
among others, thirteen postmasters. How many
public officers there were in the late Baltimore
convention, from all the States, I know not; but
what is most to the pointis, that there were some,
there so notorious and prominent in their connec-
tion with this Government, that the fact that they
were members of that convention could not have
been unknown to the President at the time. But
why mince this question? Why take time to
prove what has been notorious for years? The
interference of public officers has been common,
and is as open and notorious as it has been com-
