"756
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[June !¿3,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
River and Harbor Bill—Mr. Bell.
Ho. of Reps.
mor . I<" «< ▼ proof were wanting to show that
the i i:>ill renco ot" public officers in elections !> is
not on'y I* en permitted, but even encouraged by
tne Kxecumc, it nusiht lv found in the tact thai,
in the late líalimiore (Convention, a surveyor scl-
era' >>f a lusrr State oí the West was a mem ter,
w.ihui s > Siioi t a time alter the date of Ins n ■>•
point nen", t l.u I d>>iil>t win ther he had actual y
been iiv*ta't< d in office U forv he made his aononr-
miee as i i m\í nieinU r oft hat body. Airai i,
sir: n £'■!> .'invi who had spent the preceding
wmtt'i i i •!.!<.■ c mnection with the executive, as
one ot tne commissioners for the adjudication of
claims uiiihr th > French treaty, at a salary of
three thousand dollars a year, was one of the
most efficient members of that convention. The
•••creury of that commisatoa was also a member.
In fact, without the contingency of that commis-
sion, 1 do not see how the convention could have
gotteii alon  nt nil. Yet, sir, when this practice
was so notorious—so approved, as it must h;ive
been—m the face, I sav, of all these facts, the
official organ (the Globe) continues to niinmmre,
for the edification of those of lis reader* who
stand aloof from all the active scenes of party
str.fe, and who read the Globe only, that the
President is, in pimciple, opposed to all interfer-
ence of public officers in elections, and that he
interdicted the practice in his inaugural address!
The next most remarkable humbug:grew out of
the contest between the Administration and the
United States Bank.    I pass over some of the
pmnlierand moredisrepotable receptions practiced
«pon the people in this conflict; such as the alarm
that was gotten up at the idea of using the capital
of foreigners, and the apprehensions created that
wc would soon be under the government of the
nobility of England, unless the -bank was put
down.    But the one which answered the purposes
of the party more effectually than the rest was the
pr j*>ei of a gold and silver currency.   This was
ursred with all the apparent zeal of candor, and
all the confidence of success.   It took for its hour,
and did more to secure the triumph of the party
than all the other devices to which they have re-
sorted.  In many larffe States, in many entire sec-
tions of the Union, in 1834, and until the elections
were over in the fall of that year, it was the en-
grossing topic, and the confident belief that the
administration of General Jackson had matured
a scheme of policy which only required the sup-
port of the people to enable them to cany it into
elfi-ct, which will restore the golden age.    There
was really something more fascinating in this
scheme to the fancy of the people than the mere
substituting gold and silver for bank paper.  The
idea of increased means, and new sources of en-
joyment, were associated with the new policy in
their minds.   The effect was great.   I remember
■well the sensation produced in the State of Ten-
nessee upon this subject.    We had the honor of
a visit from our respected Chief Magistrate that
year, about the time of the first issue of the new
gold com; and the attentive and vigilant Secretary
of the Treasury did the President the honor to
forward to him a few of the first new and shining
pieces which dropped from the Mint.  I believe 1
would not err if I were to say that these beautiful
and attractive evidences of the wisdom and patri-
otism of the Administration in its struggle against
the Bank of the United States, and its' alleged cor-
rupt supporters, were exhibited by the President
to thousands, and to some with trie intended ef-
fect.  At the same time, the proposition that gold
and silver were the only constitutional currency,
stated by the President in the form of a sentiment
at a public dinner, which he gratified the citizens
of Nashville by accepting, was arrayed before the
public with all the consequence and effect his great
name and official station could give it.
From that time forward any man who held
opinions favorable to a bank was denounced as
an enemy to the new and glorious project of
General Jackson in relation to a gold and silver
currency. The subject became the burden of
public addresses to the people. A Senator from
the State of Tennessee [Mr. Grotídt] distin-
guished himself that year by bolstering up this
numbag. Well, sir, at that moment there were
four hundred and fifty banks chartered by the
States, and more than four hundred actually in
operation, and afl of them authorized to issue
notes. But what m irks the peculiar crossness and
profligacy of the impostme practiced upon the
people is the fan that the official journal of the
same paitv winch resorted to this ¡dinmcful arti-
iice had, up to that time, earnestly recommended
the establishment of new and additional State
banUs. This fact is so stiliving an illustration of
the puncmles and character of the prtrtv, that I
bi'j  leave to lead an article or two upon this ¡sub-
ject from the Globe:
•• Stite livvh*.— It ira< anticipated from the r°al with
whieli ide re-peetive l.t-u'i-laiure- ot Kentucky, Indiana,
and Dan  entcied upon tuu li.Uii ot e-ctuli-luti'^ ¡T"tale insti-
tuiiui.-. to -ceure to the .~>i ite Rowninn nl-llie emoluments
;rm\ 1115 out ot the b inking dn.i ic-s, that < irh, hj tin-,
Itm ', wonl I h i ye Mad a loril -istfin in lull opeiition Tills
seemed indispensable. n> well lo in et the necessities of
the people, incident to the winding upoftlie United State 
liank, ite to cintile the Si m-> to appuyii.itc to themselves
respective!; the l> -m fit- r. Milting irom tli.it e\cnt. The
• "iii ml wi-h ot the p ople seemed to reipi re ot th' ir Rep-
r<"senUUIvc* the prompt aeeoiiipli-luiient ot tlln important
obj.'ct. How deeply the people line been disappointed
appears lioni the d.m mJ- now uiiilc, through, pnlilie meet-
i,i -, tor a i uumeiliite net of the I.i>i i.l,iturts in some of
thpM' r-rste-. t i re nme theburtnni "f the cltterterini State
hanks."—Dii/i/ Glohe, March 9á, lt?J3.
Not a word about the limitation of notes above
five or ten dollars.
If the committee will indulge me, I will now read
an nt tie!  from the same paper, urging, in the
strongest terms, and by the most persuasive ar-
gument, the establishment of a bank with a large
capital, by ihe State of Pennsylvania! I see
surprise in the countenances of many honorable
members, but I hold the article in my hand.
[Cries of " Read!" " Read !" from many mem-
bers.]
" Pennsylvania has incurred immense expenditure, and
accumulated a large debt, in expanding her improvements
and givinf an impulse to her commercial enterprise which,
in connection with her central position, will serve io make
her commercial mart a sort of reservoir into which, and
from which, the currency of the country vvillfl m, and wliv
should not the State profit hv its lntcrinl advam-iies. and
by the artificial aid- which have cost so much' Whv should
the not establish a bank of a large capital, in winch she
should be interested as the principal stockholder? Such a
tnnk, e-pecnlly if the faith of the State were pledged for
the redemption of it* paper, would command untver-al con-
fidence, and would, doubtless, become the depository of
the public funds accumulated at Philadelphia. The stock:
of a ¿tale bank, thus holding relations with the Treasury
(necessarily resulting from the clo-ing of the foreign broker's
office, nn-nnm d the Bank of the l/nited States) would be
of incalculable value to the common wraith. Under proper
management, its dividends would relieve the State from the
interest of its debt, and tire people from the burden of tax-
ation. It would, in effect, wipe out the debt which has
ca«t a shadow over the bright prospects of the State, and
remove the feeling of discontent which man libs ted itself
in the late election for Governor."
Here, sir, we have a direct offer of a combina-
tion between the Treasury of the United States
and this new Bank of Pennsylvania, or, in other
words, a union of the State and Federal patron-
age, for the purpose of securing the permanent
ascendency of the party in that great State; and
this from the acknowledged organ of the party,
and the protege of the majority of this House at
this moment! But I have not yet said all I in-
tended to say upon the subject of the gold and
silver humbug. It is well known that, in 1834,
the people of the great State of Pennsylvania, as
well as some others, were in perfect ecstasies at
the idea that an exclusive gold and silver cur-
rency was to be one of the glorious results of the
sound principles and energy of the present Ad-
ministration. I have been informed that pieces
of the new coin were actually exhibited from the
hustings and at the polls, in the elections of that
year, as a specimen of the new currency, which
was soon to supply the place of bank rasrs. At
the same time a general prejudice, or rather in- I
dignation, was excited among the people against
all incorporations. All stockholders in banks
were stigmatized as monopolists and aristocrats.
It is eertain that the elections in many districts
were controlled by the cant of the party press and
party leaders upon these topics. It will not as-
tonish those who have observed the blindness
and devotion of party zeal within the last two or
three years, to find that these very doctrines and
sentiments were considered and repudiated by the
then Secretary of the Treasury, then, and since,
one of the greatest favorites of the President. I
allude to Roger B. Taney, who has since, in con-
sideration of his devotion to the principles which,
at it is alleged, hare teen the great object of the
present Administration to carry out and perpet-
uate, been appointed Chief Just ice of the Supit me
Court—in my opinion the vet y first and most
desirable office under this Government. This cir-
cumstance is so vi ry singiilur m the lnstoiyof
the sold und silver humbug, ns to deserve a nioie
particuliirnotice. The Invoi ite minisli r was never
more explicit and positive than in Ins opinions
upon tlu  qittstions which were ^till made the
party liobbn s or humbnj; of the season For (ho
edification of those who have not obsirted Uie
comse of the  party as closely a1? 1 Imve, I will
read n few passages from the litter of the late
Secretary ot the Trensuiy, of the 13th of Apul,
1834, to the Committee of Ways and Means,
upon this subject:
*' It ¡- evident that the chief pirt of the paper currency
of the I'nited States must nhva>s be furi.ii.iied l>\ UieState
bank- "
•• The notes of the different local banks form the ordinary
circiil.Unii medium lor the gnat body ct' our citizen-, aiitl
it would ho iinju-t to them to di-rtgird it  condition "
'• It will he -eeiifinin tin- -utemi nt that it is no part of
the proposed p'.tn to di-pense with the State banks. It ob-
viou-l> is not in the power ot Congress lit it de-ired to do
so) to take,in j me isuics lor that pin pose without.in amend-
ment to ihe Con-liiiition. And the States would not, and
ought not, t" -urn inler the power ot elinrurinj hanking
companies. The ¡-late b.-ink* me now io nuitnrou-, and
arc so intiuiaiel.v connected with our habits and pursuits,
tha' it is impos-ilile to -uppo-c that the s> stem cm ever be
entirely abandoned Nor i- it de-irnble that it should lie.
Thev arc olien abused, like all other human institution ;
yet then advantages ure many, and, under proper regula-
tions and wnh the metallic basis now proposed for their
paper i-sues, they will he lound of much public advantage.
" If there Were no State hanks, tlic profitable business of
hanking nntl exchange would In' monopolized by the great
capitalists. Operations of this sort require capital and credit
to a large extent, and a private individual in moderate cir-
cumstances would be unable to conduct tlicui with any ad-
vantage. Yet there is. perhaps, no bu-ine-s «Inch jields
a profit so certain and liberal as the bu-inessof banking and
exchange; and it is propt r tliot it should be open, as tar as
practicable, to the mo-tliee competition, and us advant-
ases shared b} all classes ot society Individual- ot mod-
erate means cannot pirtieipatc in them unless they com-
bine together, and, bj the union of many small -um-, create
a large capital and establish nn cxten-ive credit. It is im-
possible to nccompli-h this oliject without the aid ot acts
of nicorpc-ution, so a  to give to the company the security
of unity of action, and save it from the di-advant.ise of
Irequent changes m the partnership, by the death or retire-
ment of some one of the nuim rous paitners- The incor-
porated banks, moreovi r, unili r pioper regulations, will
offer a safe and convenient mw-tinent of-mull 'Uins to
persons whose situations and pur-nits disable tliemfiom
einplovtn™ the nion y profitably in any other mode. It is
not more hable tobe lost when vested in the stock of a bank
than when it is loaned to individual-. The interest on it 13
paid with more punctuality, and it can be sold and con-
verted into cash whenever the owner desires to employ it
in any other way."
' Tor these reasons, it is neither practicable nor desirable
to discountenance the continuance ot the State banks.
They are convenient and useful, also, for the purposes of
commerce. No commeicial or manufacturing community
could conduct its hu-iness to anv advimage without a
liberal system of credits, and a facility of obtaining money
on loan when the! exigencies ot their hu-iness may require
it Tins cannot be obtained without the aid of a paper
circulation, feunded on credit "
Would any one have supposed that at this
time, and duting the lemainuer of that year, the
project of a gold and silver currency as a substi-
tute for bank notes was the most powerful and
effective weapon ever wielded by the party ? Yet
such was the fact. But, what is quite as remark-
able, it was, I believe, in the same year that
Mr. Benton (who would be greatly offended if
any one questioned the sincerity of his views in.
relation to the policy as well as the practicability
of establishing a gold and silver currency as a
substitute for bank paper in this country) pub-
lished a long and elaborate letter vindicating the
late Secretaiy Taney, and placing him upon the
highest ground as a statesman and minister of
finance!
The next in order, and the last but one of the
series of impostures practiced on the public of
late, Which I shall notice, was the alleged danger
of an election by the House of Representatives,
by which members of Congress would have it in
their power to make a President; and hence the
necessity of a national convention or caucus of
the party, to select a candidate who will be able
to unite the support of a majority of the people.
An election by the House of Representatives, it
was said, will always be made upon corrupt mo-
tives. Bargain and intrigue would carry every-
thing in the House, and those members who could
not be brought to stipulate for offices, in consid-
eration Of their votes, might and would be bought
