760
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 22,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Wise.
Ho. or Reps.
Mr. WISE. Why, sir, the gentleman before
me [Mr. Cambreleng] is continually assuring
me that he does not object to be named, and why
should the Speaker? No member calls to order,
and I hope I shall be permitted to proceed. The
gentleman from Massachusetts has said that gen-
tlemen refused to vote after twelve o'clock, for
reason of" conscientious scruples." I put the.
question, then, in more charitable phrase, where
were their " scruples?" Not only had Mr. Gil-
mer retired, announcing beforehand his reason,
but turo resolutions had been expressly offered to
adjourn, assigning the reason that the hour had
expired—notice given verbally and in writing be-
fore this vote was taken. Where were the scruples
of the gentleman then, who, after this, gave as
one reason for not reporting from the committee
of conference, that the hour had come?
But, sir, the most important fact at this point
of time to be noted is, that at one moment you
Bee one hundred and ninety-seven, at another one
hundred and ninety-five; immediately preceding
this moment one hundred and seventy-four mem-
bers present, and voting; and of a sudden, in the
twinkling of an eye, as if by magic word, there
is no quorum! Sir, at the sound of the whistle
the Rhoderick-Dhu men disappeared! Where
did they go? why? for what ?
Two enrolled bills were nextreported as having
been presented to the President for his signature;
and a message was next received from the Pres-
ident, notifying the House—the House of course
then in being, after, long after twelve o'clock—
that he had approved and signed more than sev-
enty enrolled bills. The President, this proves,
was in the Speaker's room after twelve o'clock
at night, signing bills. It is notorious he was in
that room signing bills after that time of night,
after Mr. Gilmer retired, and after the resolution
of Mr. Jarvis to adjourn------
The CHAIR again interrupted Mr.W. formen-
tioning names.
What names?
The name of Mr. Jarvis.
I am reading from the Journal.
I did not so understand the
Mr. WISE.
The CHAIR.
Mr. WISE.
The CHAIR,
gentleman.
Mr. WISE. Why, sir, those names which I
am reading from the Journal died, according to
conscience, on the 3d of March last.
Mr. MERCER said his colleague [Mr. Wise]
must of necessity refer to the names of members
of the last Congress.
Mr. WISE. I claim the right to do so, and
protest against this interruption of the Speaker.
The CHAIR disclaimed any intention to inter-
rupt the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. WISE. I hope I may proceed, then, with-
out interruption. A motion was received from
the Senate as to enrolled bills signed by the Pres-
ident. How could we receive this message if
we were dead ? A motion was again made by
Mr. Jarvis to adjourn. Here it was that Samuel
Beardsley, of New York, being called, declined
to answer, on the ground that the session had
expired. He was called and came not, at this
time, because the hour had come. Had not the
hour come on the Cumberland road bill? Was not
notice given to all by Mr. Gilmer that the hourhad
then come? Mr. Beardsley's name was passed
over, and he did not answer again that night.
There were many others who did not come again
that night who were here, but had a call from be-
hind the curtain—who shrunk from their posts,
and skulked behind that chair, behind those pil-
lars, appeared and disappeared at the sound of
the whistle, and who should have shrunk into
nonentity.
The question was taken on adjournment moved,
then notoriously after twelve o'clock, by Mr.
Jarvis, who had already said, by his resolution,
we were dead. The vote stood—yeas 15, nays
103.  Number of votes one hundred and eighteen.
Here, sir, only three members were wanting to
make a quorum; and I know—I will make oath to
the fact—that there were more than three mem-
bers in the House who did not vote. Mr. Beards-
ley was present, Mr. Mann, of New York, was
present, and 1 was present myself, and neither
*of us voted. I will account, sir, for not voting
myself. I wish every gentleman would do so,
and had done as I did afterwards—answered when
called. But who did vote? Mr. Jarvis voted
in the affirmative, and Churchill C. Cambreleng
voted in the negative—voted againstadjournment
after he knew the hour had come ! After every
kind of notice which he could have had of the
expiration of the hour, he voted againstadjourn-
ment—virtually declaring, necessarily voting that
the House might sit, was competent to legislate,
and ought to continue in session. Now, sir, gen-
tlemen may excuse themselves, those who pre-
tend to have had " conscientious scruples," for
voting in the affirmative, for that may have ex-
pressed their scruples about continuing to sit; but
I am utterly at a loss to see what can justify those
who had "conscientious scruples " in voting
against adjournment. Why vote to sit if they
could not sit? If ihe House no longer existed in
law, and possessed no legislative functions or
power, after the hour of twelve, what object was
there in voting to continue its session ? Will the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cambreleng]
say that he changed his opinion; that his scru-
ples were begotten between this point of time and
the moment he refused to report the proceedings
of the committee, for the reason that the hour of
twelve o'clock had expired?
But, sir, I must proceed: 1 am determined to
travel over the whole Journal, and point out every
fact, even to the crossing of the t's and the dot-
ting of the i's. After Mr. Jarvis's last resolution
failed, for want of a quorum, Mr. William Cost ;
Johnson, of Maryland, from the select committee
on establishing a national foundery, made a re-
port, which was read, and the resolution therein
recommended was agreed to by the House. How
could this report be made, and this resolution be
agreed to by the House, if there was no quorum
and no House? If a quorum and if a House to
receive and agree to a report and resolution of a
select committee, why was there not a quorum
and a House to receive and agree to the report
of the committee of conference? Why did its
chairman, Churchill C. Cambreleng, not then
make its report? He was voting against ad-
journment, though he knew, all knew, the hour
had come; and so far from being a dead body,
the House was a living, legislating, acting, mov- j
ing body!
The Speaker then laid before the House no
less than nine communications from the Execu-
tive Departments, among which was the letter of
the Postmaster General, which was read; and ¡
Mr. White, of Florida, laid upon the table an act i
of the Legislature of that Territory.    In a word, ■
sir, every species of legislative action was per-
formed. We were invested with all the functions,
attributes, powers, and paraphernalia of a House :
of Representatives.  We were not dead but living
legislators, with  the substance as well as the
semblance of an organized body—the Speaker
sitting in that chair, the members here in their
seats, long after it was notorious that the hour of
twelve o'clock was past and gone forever.   Thus
formed, thus acting, living, moving, and having
our being, we received a message from the Senate !
to notify the House that the Senate was waiting
for us to act upon the fortification bill:
" A message from tlie Senate, by Mr. Lowrie, their Sec- '
rctary.                                                                        !
" Mr. Speaker, I am directed to bring to this House a
resolution passed by the Senate, and which is as follows:
" Revolved, That a message be sent to the honorable the
House of Representatives, respectfully to remind the House .
of the report ot the committee of conference appointed on |
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment
of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill
respecting the fortifications of the United States."
Sir, whatdid this message mean or say, which
could have been offensive ? It is expressly re-
spectful in its language and in its object. The
Senate was waiting for the action of the House
on this bill, which alone delayed the termination
of the session,and which remained unacted upon
by the House, whilst it was acting upon a great
variety of other business of much less import-
ance. To my mind, the Senate, by this message,
so much abused in the interpretation of it, said
to the House " respectfully:'* " We do not wish
this bill to fail, and we respectfully ask that you
will act upon it, and save the interests of the
country involved in its passage." The message
was received; it was not sent back with an insult
to the Senate, as the gentleman from Massachu-
I setts [Mr. Adams] would have dashed it on their
j floor; and what then transpired? The Journal
I states:
I " Mr. Cambreleng, the chairman of the conferees on the
part of the House, then rose, and stated that he declined
to make report of the proceedings of the committee of con-
ference aforesaid,"—
and, sir, mark the reasons, and compare them
with the facts already detailed—
•' on the ground that, from the vote on the resolution grant-
ing compensation to Robert P. Letcher, which vote was
decided at the time the committee returned into the House
from the conference, it was ascertained that a quorum was
not present; and fuither,tliat lie declined to make the said
report on the ground that the constitutional term for which
the House had Been chosen had expired."
Up to this moment the House had been hourly
watting for the report of the committee of confer-
ence, and not until this moment had the" least
intimation been given that the chairman of the
committee would decline to make the report! He
gave two reasons: First, "it was ascertained no
quorum was present." How was this ascer-
tained ? Why was not a quorum present ? That
is what I wish the gentleman to answer me? Up
to a given point of time—up to the vote on the
Moore and Letcher resolutions; and if that was
the time when the committee of conference re-
turned, up to the very moment when that com-
mittee did return, there were one hundred and
seventy-four members present and voting—fifty-
three more than a quorum. What became of this
number of votes? Why, sir, at the sound of the
whistle, at the wink of the leaders, the "faithful"
vanished! the "trained bands" were "down!
down !" in ambuscade at the stamp of the foot!
It was not because ihey were not here, but
because, being here, they would not vote—were
ordered not to vote, that there was no quorum.
I put it to the gentleman if he did not know, and
does not know now, that there was more than a
quorum present? How many were present re-
fusing to vote, when but three were wanting to
be added to the vote of one hundred and eighteen!
Were there not more than twenty present who
voted, or refused to vote,as circumstances directed
them, or as the leaders pleased ? Who were they
who would not vote ? Read the Journal for your-
self—he who runs may read. Look at the names
of "the party!" It was not the House, or a
majority, which was to blame. A majority of
the House was ready, and willing, and anxious
to pass the bill; but a very small minority could
reduce us below the number of a quorum. A
majority of the House maintained their posts,
and did their duty that night. Some, it is true,
left from anxiety to get home, some were sleepy,
some were—I beg pardon, I was about to say
some were drunk; but, drunk or sober, they were
ready to vote and pass the bill; but the chairman
of the committee of conference [Mr. Cambreleng]
would not make his report, because there was no
quorum ! Now, how did he know there was no
quorum without a call of the House?
Mr. CAMBRELENG.    I knew it.
Mr. WISE. Yes! I know you knew there
would be no quorum without a call; no man knew
it so well as you did! But how did you know hi
Did you not know where those were who were
ordered to be "deficit" on the occasion of a call?
So much for the want of a quorum !
The second reason of the gentleman was "that
the constitutional term for which the House had
been chosen had expired!" Now, sir, please
compare this reason with the gentleman's own
votes. Thrice, previous to this excuse, the gen-
tleman himself had voted on a call of the yeas
and nays—he voted on every call,'from the Cum-
berland road bill up to this paltry excuse, repeat-
edly after„twelve o'clock at night! He voted
against the Cumberland road bill, then in favor of
a resolution to pay money out of the House fund
to Robert P. Letcher, and actually against an ad-
journment.after the hour of twelve, before hegaye
in this excuse for not reporting from the commit-
tee of conference; and, sir, will it be believed that
the gentleman did actually vote upon a call of the
yeas and nays even after he gave this reason, that
the term of the House had expired! Sir, I can-
not understand the consistency of this conduct
with these excuses for fail ing to do an act of duty.
Can the gentleman explain this?
Mr. CAMBRELENG.   Yes, I w I.
