1836.]                                 APPENDIX TO THE CÓPÍGRÉSSÍÜNAL tíLOBÉ.                                   T6l
24th Cono....1st Sess.
Low of the Fortification BiU—Mr. Wise,
H<*. &r Reps.
Mr. WISE. You will attempt it, but you can-
not explain it. Yes, sir, after this excuse was
offered, a motion was made to adjourn, and on
the call of yeas and nays Mr. Ca'mhreleng was
found still voting. And, among the list of nays
on this last vote, at the fag end of the night's
labors, is found the name of John Q.uincy Adams.
Mr. ADAMS here explained.
Mr. WISE was proceeding to reply, when
Mr. MERCER said his colleague had totally
misapprehended the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, and repeated in substance Mr. Adams's
explanation.
Mr. WISE. Then I have misunderstood the
gentleman. I thought he had been arguing all
the time that the House was a dead Hector at
twelve o'clock that night. The distance of the
gentleman's seat prevents my hearing him dis-
tinctly. I am happy to be corrected, for the gen-
tleman's opinion is one I regard highly on such
questions.
But there is that other name which must not be
forgotten, by the side of the towering name of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. That name reads,
Churchill C. Cambreleng, who continued to vote
after he excused himself from reporting, because,
in his conscience, he was dead.
To go back a little. Mr. Cambreleng, with
such excuses, and such of his own conduct to
rebut them, declined to make the report of the
conferees, and Mr. Lewis had to make the report
long, long after the conferees had returned to the
House.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said the report was not
made by Mr. Lewis.
Mr-WISE. Hedidmakeit! Hereitisupon
the record, [holding up the Journal;] this Jour-
nal says so:
" Mr. Lewis, from the conferees, then made a report, as
follows :
" That the conferees had agreed to recommend to the
respective Houses that the Ho ose of Representatives recede
from its amendment containing an appropriation of three
million dollars, to be expended in whole or in part under
the direction of the President, for the military and naval
service, including fortifications and ordnance, and increase
of the Navy, and that, in lieu thereof, the bill be amended
by inserting therein the followiug, viz:
"A*an additional appropriation, the sum of $300,000 shall
be appropriated for arming the fortifications of the United
States, over and above the sums provided in this act; and
that the sum oi$jU0,000 shall be, and hereby is, appropri-
ated for the repairs and equipment of the vessels of war of
tbe United States, in addition to previous appropriations;
the said sums to be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated."
On the question to adopt this report, it was
objected there was no quorum, and tellers having
been named, they reported that no quorum was
present.
Mr. Lewis did make the report, whether it was
received or not, and it was entered on the Jour-
nals. I was sitting by him when he made the
report. He took it from Mr. Cambreleng, was
called on to make it, and handed it to the messen-
ger of the Clerk who has put it upon record. He
made the rpport though the hour had come! And,
sir, I could not but observe his astonishment
when Mr. Cambreleng refused to make the re-
port No quorum ! Do we ever count the House
when we receive the report of a committee ? How
know there was not a quorum before a count?
Sir, it was notorious there was a quorum; it was
known to every man. 1 would say, if there was
one, there were one hundred and fifty members
at least in the House when the report was made.
They were in that lobby; they were skulking in
every direction, and refused to vote. They knew
their own motives. I will not dive into their
hearts, but such is the fact!
After the yeas and nays on the motion to ad-
journ, we received another message from the Sen-
ate, by Mr. Lowrie:
" Mr Speaker, I am directed to inform the House of Rep-
resentatives that the Senate has finished the legislative
business before it, and is ready to adjourn."
Now, sir, no man will accuse me of being the
advocate or the apologist of the Senate. But
" give the Devil his due." Let the truth be told,
acquit whom it may, injure whom it may. This
message can be considered in no other light than
another respectful intimation to the House to act
on the fortification bill. So I considered it at the
time. The Senate could not, with propriety, have
renewed the first message, without seeming to
arrogate the prerogative of dictating to the House,
or without seeming to be guilty of the insolence
which was charged upon the first message by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams.]
They therefore said, " the Senate has finished the
legislative business before it!" And was this not
the fact? Was the fortification bill there? No,
sir! it was here,in this House, and here unacted
on! Yes, sir, notwithstanding this bill was still
unacted on in the House, Mr. P. O. J. Smith, of
Maine, one of "the faithful," offered a resolu-
tion, " that a committee be appointed to wait on
the President, and to notify him that, unless he
may have further communications to make, the
two Houses of Congress, having completed the
business before them, are ready to close the pres-
ent session." Although this was admitting that
the session had not closed, yet, was it true that
both Houses had completed the business before
them? Had the House of Representatives acted
on and completed the fortification bill which was
before it ? It had not. The Senate had com-
pleted its business; the House had not.
The House again proceeded to take up the
Letcher resolution. There was no quorum an-
swering, though one present. Mr. Smith then
moved a message to notify the Senate that the
House «' had completed the business before it,"
whilst the fortification bill was still unacted on,
and after the two messages from the Senate direct-
ing our attention, requesting our attention to it!
Pending this motion anda call of the House, Mr.
Mason moved to adjourn, because the Senate had
adjourned, and his motion passed in the affirma-
tive, without even the usual interchange of court-
esy between the two Houses and the other branch
of the Government. Such was the termination
of the last Congress, and I do say, sir, it was one
of the most disgraceful scenes I ever witnessed;
it was unbecoming barbarians and savages, much
more than representatives of a civilized nation !
Sleepy, tired, drunk------
Mr. BYNUM. Is the gentleman in orderwhen
speaking thus of the last Congress?
Mr. WISE. I do not pretend to say, Mr.
Speaker, that aH Congress was drunk, or that one
half, one third, or one tenth of the members were
drunk; but I know that some were drunk—that
I was not of the number—and so it was, that what
with maneuvering, being tired, opposed to some
measures, sleepy, drowsy, and drunk, no quorum
could be had unless it suited certain individuals.
Mr. LANE said he would like to hear the
names of those who were drunk.
Mr. WISE. The gentleman might feel un-
happy if I were to mention names.
I have now, sir, given you the facts upon the
Journal; but there are other important facts—
facts unwritten as well as facts written. Out with
them ! Come ! rise in your high places all, here
and elsewhere,and tell the truth—the whole truth!
It is said that bill faMed in the House. That is
not true. It failed before it got to the House from
the conference room; it dropped like a spent ball
before it quite got here—it dropped near the door!
There are two statements about the matter; they
may be conjectural; I cannot vouch for them. I
mean to put interrogatories. I put it to the gen-
tleman, [Mr. Cambreleng,] did no " busy body"
whisper aught in his ear as he was on his way
to report to the House? Did no one tempt him
as he passed, to strangle the bantling under his
care ? Was there no magician near ? No devil
and his imps ? And if this may be denied; I put
it to the honorable chairman of the committee of
conference [Mr. Cambreleng] if no member of
the committee received a billet do-ax after he re-
sumed his seat? Did the honorable chairman,
after he had lpft the conference room, not in-
tend to make the report ? Did he not, after he
returned to the House with it. inform a gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Forester,] though
it was then after twelve o'clock at night, that
he intended to make the report? Did he not sit
down by a gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Whit-
tlesey,] and give him to understand, with the
report on the desk before him, that the report
was to be made? Why did that intention fail?
What prevented? Sir, there were sptnis haunt-
ing the Capitol that " awfu' night"—there where
strange whisperings—chattering elves—ghosts,
as I am told, I did not see them—blue devils and
imps! Is it true; was there any dealing with trie
" infernáis" that night? Tell us, I pray,tell us,
and let the curse fall on the necromancers, not on
the victims of the horrid spell!
Mr. CAMBRELENG.   I can tell you.
Mr. WISE. Ay, you can tell us, can you?
There is another more important fact which must
come out. Out with it all, say I. You, Mr.
Speaker, ay, you, sir, are deeply concerned in
that matter, deny it if you can. Before I disclose
that fact, I must premise that I voted for the th ree
million amendment. There were one hundred
and nine votes for it, the name of John Q.uiney
Adams first, and my name last on the list of yeas.
I was held to a strict accountability for that vote
by my constituents, with whom I nave settled it,
as a gentleman whom I now see [Mr. Ttler] can
attest, for I believe he heard my reasons and my
apologies before the people. Sir, I have now to
say that, under the impressions of that amend-
ment at the time I gave that vote, 1 would give
the same vote again, with the same information 1
then possessed. And here, be it known, by the
way, in justice to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cambreleng,] that he did notify me per-
sonally in that lobby. I do not know that he no-
tified the House. One or two days before the 3d
of March, I believe------
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he notified the
House the day before, when he withdrew the res-
olution for contingent preparation for war.
Mr. WISE. Of that I am not certain; but the
gentleman did notify me personally, perhaps the
day before it was offered, that he intended to offer
that amendment, and asked if I would vote for it.
I replied that, without reference to a state of war,
for a peace establishment alone, i would vote for
thrice three millions for the purpose of putting
our Navy in respectable trim, and to repair and
complete our fortifications. But no one notified,
no one informed me, or the House in my hearing,
that the President recommended the additional
appropriation, or that it was " in accordance"
even " with the views of the Executive." I had
sufficient information of my own, without the
"views of the Executive, to convince me of the ne-
cessity of a large appropriation for means of na-
tional defense. I knew that our Navy and forti-
fications were in a most lamentable and disgrace-
ful condition—disgraceful to a nation like this,
disgraceful to the departments which have their
care and superintendence!—I knew that, notwith-
standing our commerce floats and needs protec-
tion in every sea, notwithstanding the Navy was
a popular favorite, notwithstanding more than
sixty-five millions had been expended on a Navy
since the last war, we had but one ship-of-the-line
in commission on the ocean! We nave but one
now.
I knew that several newships, which had never
been in service, were rotten and decayed. I knew
that some were rotting on the stocks for want of
care. I knew that the naval architecture which
has lately been introduced by the board of Navy
commissioners was a disgrace to the art  of this
country. I knew thatto put crews on board sev-
eral of our sloops-of-war—the Warren, Lexing-
ton, and Natchez, for instance—was to send them
to prison-ships. That the vessels could not sail
fast enough to overtake anything they could
whip, and could not get out of the way of any-
thing that could whip them. 1 knew that the
projectors were ashamed of the experiment! I
knew that immense sums of money had been
thrown into mud and watempon certain "wnter-
halls." I knew that certain grand improvements
upon our guns, reducing their weight from that
well-known standard of experience and science,
two hundred pounds of metal to the pound of
ball—the chimera of medium-guns* had ruined
in a great measure our naval ordnance. I got the
report of the inspector of naval ordnance into the
House the very last night of the session, through
my friend the Hon. William Cost Johnson, who
made the report on establishing a national found-
ery. That report had been made to the board of
Navy commissioners more than twelve months,
and had never been communicated to Congress,
because, I presume, it exposed some of the chi-
meras of the Department, and shows how the
* These guns, I am told, were ordered in 1828.
