764
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 29,
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
that something more was meant here than caught
the eye o( one who was called upon to vote so
suddenly. The "proviso" of the amendment
which " provided such expenditures shall be ren-
dered necessary for the defense of the country,
prior to the next meeting; of Congress," I re-
garded, so far from being an extension of Execu-
tive discretion in the application of the appropria-
tion, as a limitation of that discretion, and as
creating a responsibility on the Executive which
would not have been imposed without it. If there
had been no such proviso, the money would have
been appropriated absolutely, to be expended
absolutely, whether necessary or not; and it al-
lowed not the President to judge of the necessity
of expending the money for órlense, but for the
purposes merely of defense, and made him re-
sponsible for the exercise of a sound discretion,
even in expending the appropriation for those
Eurposes. This construction of that proviso I
elieve now to be correct; but I believe now that
no tongue can tell how it may have been perverted.
These views I expressed on the 3d of March,
1835, on the floor, and they were honestly enter-
tained. The sum of money waa trifling, com-
pared with the objects of expenditure. £ knew
that it would require ten millionsforfortifications,
ordnance, and the increase of the Navy, consid-
ering the manner in which the money of the
United States is squandered on our public works,
or rather our public contractors, 1 thought the
amendment not only innocent, but necessary, for
peace as well as for war.
But now, sir, I should like to know, I have a
right to inquire, whether the ingenious, ambig-
uous, doubtful wording of this amendment had
any covert and treacherous meaning?   If so, if
this appropriation was for secret-service money
—if it was a man-trap, a Government trap, I say,
with all the energy of my soul!—I say, the cor-
ruption, the treason, which set it, should be hurled
from its hi;h seat, whether that seat be in this
House or the White House!    If there was any-
thing foul, false, or fatal intended by this trap, I
am innocent!    Was I duped?   Was I imposed
on ?   Is it not too bad  that the House, or the
Senate, should be charged with this individual
fraud, and that those very persons who did the
wrong, who are themselves guilty of this miser-
able trick of setting this Government trap, should
now be setting the Senate and the House by the
ears for the responsibility of their own wrongs—
that they should now be hissing on the quarrel,
and chuckling in their sleeves at the success of
their cunning device!   I do contemn and abhor—
I do denounce them and their devices ! They are
caught!   Let them hang their heads, the guilty >
wretches, in eternal shame!    Their guilt is es-
tablished beyond all controversy by parol and
record proof, and 1 here hold them up to the lash
of an indignant people!    Sir, when this state-
ment [holding up Mr. Lea's written statement]
was made to me within the last two days, I shud-
dered to think how near I may have been, inno-
cently on my part, brought to aid in an unpar-
donable crime against my country!    Would all
the protestations of innocence, made with all the
fervor of honest sincerity, have saved my hum- |
ble name from the everlasting suspicion of being I
particeps eriminis ?   Sir, if harm to the country i
.was meant, it was the interposition of that Divine i
Providence which has ever watched over the des- 11
tinies of this Republic, to guard it from secret I
and open, foreign and domestic foes, and which ¡'
*' bringeth good out of evil," that the appropri- '
ation was not made.   The coast remains unfor-
tified, but better so than that our fortifications or  j
our standing army should now be bristling with   t
armament against our own liberties! Look upon  ,
what may have been the intention and the result!   |
God Almighty may have sent an especial prov-  ¡
idence to prevent the bill from passing, to save
the Government from ruin, and the names of in-
nocent men from eternal obloquy and reproach !
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Cambre-
leng] may set it down as one merit of his trick,
of his intrigue, that it may have saved the Gov-
ernment.    It succeeded to defeat the fortification
bill, but prevented a much greater mischief, and j
it is now exposed.    Yes, sir, from what is now i
known, the sins of that awful night—the 3d of i
March, 1835—may have saved the Government! I
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Wise*
We now know, Mr. Speaker, that you knew the
!' President desired this immense appropriation,
I1 and that you kept it secret, and requested others
to say nothing about it! I can conjecture no
good object in keeping that secret. Can any gen-
tleman give me a reason why the " views" and
wishes of the Executive were not made known?
Sir, if a despotism is to be sprung upon us, for
mercy's sake let it be known, that we may strike
it down or escape from it! Let us see and know
it is approaching, that we may stand and strike,
or, like our fathers, 'Hake the wings of the morn-
ing, and fly to the uttermost parts of the earth"
to escape its iron grasp and find a home for the
free! Do not give us a secret despotism! I pray
God to save this country from a secret despotism !
If there is an unpardonable political sin, it is the !
intent and the overt act to bring about a secret
despotism. I ask, why was so much secrecy in
relation to the views of the Executive necessary ?
Was there more meant than was expressed by
that amendment? I confess, sir, I am bewildered
and amazed! "The chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means covertly whispering the wish
of the Executive to have placed at his disposal
$3,000,600, and enjoining secrecy ! I can conceive
of no conduct so reprehensible, so odious, so
abominable! Done, too, by "a member of the
Democratic-Republican party"—done by a Rep-
reseniative of a free people! Sir, I was about
to say that the Executive would not dare to im-
part a secret of that sort to «ny patriot in Con-
gress; he, any man who loved his country, would
have spurned the communication with indignant
warmth, and have exposed it upon the spot! I
beg pardon of my friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Lea,] for saying this so strongly, as he did not
announce the fact as soon as he was told of it. I
know, sir, he was honest, and I know the circum-
stances under which the secret was whispered into
his ear. It no doubt did not strike him then as it
strikes me now. Sir, if we are to have a despot-
ism, I pray Heaven again it may come upon us
in a bold and manly way. Let the man who is to
subdue our liberties come with the boldness of a
Napoleon; let him, in the sight of all the people,
put on the Imperial purple and the crown ! We
will know then the worst, and can prepare the
armor of our defense. I could admire whilst I
should strike the tyrant of genius and brave am-
bition, who should attempt to seize upon our lib-
erties by force. But, of all despotisms, that
brought upon an unsuspecting people, a confiding,
a generous, free people, through the pimps, imps,
spies, tools, andpensioned-trained bands of secret
corruption, is the most loathsome, the most des-
1  picable, the most to be dreaded!
Sir, I remember well that when, that night, two
of my colleagues [Messrs. Gordon and Gholson]
warned us against trusting so much to the Exec-
utive, I, for one, denied that it was any " pitiful
Administration or anti-Administration measure."
I thought so in truth and honest sincerity. It
was expressly denied bygentlempn of "the party"
(among the rest by a gentleman from North Car-
olina, Mr. Btnum) that the President had called
for this appropriation, and they contended that
we had no right to infer that it was his wish.
When I returned home to my good constituents,
and was arraigned for voting three millions to the
President to do with as he pleased, I vindicated
myself most successfully from this charge of
man-worship by showing these very denials that
it was the wish of the President to have this ap-
propriation made. It was overand often repeated
in your presence, Mr. Speaker, and in that of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
[Mr. Cambreleng,] that the President did not
call the appropriation, and that no man, there-
fore, could be impeached for man-worship who
voted for it. And it was as frequently asked
whether we would appropriate so large a sum
without a call from the President. You, sir, and
the othergentleman, knew the secret.were present,
and neither corrected the denials, nor answered
the inquiries! Sir, you permitted truth to fall in
the streets. Knowing the secret, and not disclos-
ing it, would have been bad enough; but knowing
it, and keeping it confidentially—not disclosing
it to but one or two individuals, that with the
VIEW, TOO, OF OBTAINING THEIR  VOTES FOR   THE
GRANT  OF THE  THREE   MILL!0*8, AKI> BNJOINING
Ho. Qt Refs.
secrecy upon them—is awfully alarmin<*! The
secrecy, I say, sir, implies some object in the
amendment which is not expressed. What was
that object? Were three millions wanted for a
peace establishment? Certainly not, in the esti-
mation of the Executive, or it would Ion" ere
then have been recommended. If for peace, he
should have given us information at the previous
session. Without doubt the President did not
suddenly find out, on the last day of the last
Congress, that three millions were wanting for a
peace establishment. No, it was not for peace.
Was it for war? No. The House was unac-
quainted with any such object. It is true, I be-
lieve, the President was for war at the last Con-
gress, and I do not know that he has alighted
from his war horse yet.
But, sir, if war was in the wind, the House
was deceived, completely deceived, by the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, who
but the day before withdrew his resolution upon
French relations, declaring that "contingent prep-
aration should be made for war." And here let
me say to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] that he could not have inferred from
the resolution, " to insist upon the execution of
the treaty" with France, that preparation for war
was necessary,because such an inference was pre-
cluded by the withdrawal of the express resolu-
tion to make contingent preparation for war. I
ask, then, was the object of this amendment to
make secret preparation for war? Did the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr.
Cambreleng] suppose that the resolution to make
contingent preparations for war. which he with-
drew, would be published in foreign journals as
well as our own, and that, taken in connection
with the other resolution, to insist upon the ex-
ecution of the treaty, the two would be regarded
by France as a threat, when this amendment, thus
clandestinely smuggled into an ordinary appro-
priation bill, would attract no notice at home or
abroad, and we at the same time could attain the
objects of the resolution which he withdrew ?
If such was his policy, why did he not make
it known to his committee, if not in debate, and
let it be understood generally in the House? Is
this to be the pretext? Were we to have a
war in disguise ? Were we to steal upon our
enemy ? Does it become a nation like this to put
a dagger up sleeve, like an assassin? I protest
against secret preparations for war, supported by
secret appropriations! Would war have been
now raging or not, Congress or no Congress, if
that amendment bad passed? Save me from the
question !
But, for the objects of war or of peace, if the
amendment had been in proper form, I put it to
the members of the last Congress if there was
any necessity for secrecy! Neither Army nor
Navy was in a proper condition for peace or for
war, and the Departments had the best reasons
in the world for an honest and an open course.
Sir, how much do you suppose the Secretary of
the Navy now asks as an additional appropria-
tion to put your Navy in trim? Only #,6,337,775!
' Well, sir, we were in no better condition, as I
have shown you, on the 3d of March, 1835, than
, we are in now. There was, then, 1 say, as this
I their own estimate shows, reason enough for a
grant of supplies, which might have been hon-
estly and openly stated to us. Why was not
this estimate then made as it is now ? I mean,
j sir, in a word, was there any object beside peace
i establishment for Army and Navy, or war, which
was meant to be attained by the three million
amendment? I fear, sir, that a war upon the
Treasury for purposes of Government patronage,
rather than a war upon France for honor or treaty,
was meant then, and is meant now! Millions of
your public money, which is appropriated for
the public good, is, by some legerdemain, appro-
priated into the pockets of the pets of " the
party." Your Navy, for instance, since the last
war, I am told, has cost you, sir, $65,000,000,
and for that sum you have got afloat, in commis-
sion, one ship-of-the-line, four frigates, eleven
sloops of war, and six smaller vessels! The
United States has, I am told, sir, 114,000,000 of
property in the Pacific, round Cape Horn, one
half of which, more than the whole amount of
the French treaty, might be struck off at a blow
