m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
[January 22¿
24th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Loss of the Fortification Bill—Mr. Wise.
Ho. of Reps.
the crown, then, of bis head to the sole of his foot.
His knees smote together with fright during the
battle, but the moment the victory was achieved,
out spran? the Lilliputian from behind the Old
Hero, and strutted,hectoring,over thedead body
of the monster monopoly ! So it was, sir, with
tiiat very three millions amendment. I have no
doubt the President was independent and honest
enough to have recommended it boldly, but " the
party" leaders kept the recommendation secret;
and when the sum was reduced so low as to dis-
appoint the Old Hero, and to rouse his wrath to
veto tke bill, "the party" were maneuvering,
nnd dodging, and whispering, and cutting; and
shuffling through the Capitol, and sending billets
to change the responsibility of the failure of the
fortification bill from the President to the Senate !
That is the secret. Sir, when it is found thatany
measure will succeed aud aggrandize the " little
man," then " the party" will take the responsi-
bility—not before. So it was this very session,
with this same Secretary of our Navy. If there
had been no responsibility, no popularity to risk
in recomraendiog six millions for the increase of
the .Navy, the service would not now be suffering
for appropriations. But, Mr. Speaker, there is
a certain class of men who, put them where you
will, in any situation in life, will piddle—I mean
old bachelors! I never will, henceforth, support
any man for the Presidency who will appoint a
bachelor to any ornee of honor or profit, and
especially of responsibility. An old bachelor,
sir, isa" withered fig tree''—he ia a "vis iaeriia.'''
Old bachelors are too near akin to old maids!
Sir, when the Executive desires an appropria-
tion, if he will give me the information of the
state of the Union, which he is bound to give,
and show me that the public good requires it,
and how and what it is to be made, 1, for one,
will never be niggardly in voting supplies. The
Naval Committee has already, without recom-
mendation from the Executive, or instruction,
from this House, of its own motion, inquired into
the expediency of increased appropriations. My
policy and views are the same as when I voted
for the three million amendment. If war is to
come, I fear only the consequences of being
unprepared. We have the sinews of war, and
should apply them in time. With an overflowing
Treasury, and a quarrel with France to settle, I
would have voted liberally the supplies asked
for, but until now none have been called for. I
am for peace—peace! for the sake of peace! But
if ww must come, we must be ready. Since the
rejection of the most conciliatory overture of
compromise, unless there be a mediation of some
sort, I cannot see how war is to be avoided.
France will not strike, but she will not pay the
money. We will not explain, it seems, and,
having the cause of war on our part, we cannot
remain inactive. But, sir, I do not mean to say
I am for war, or to discuss that question at all.
I only mean now to say that I shall not take part
with France against the President, much less
will I against the Congress of the United States.
I shall go for my country, "right or wrong."
And, sir, as I would not—1 am sure the Presi-
dent will agree with me in this, for he knows all
about the sport—pit a game chicken without his
gaffs on, I might, perhaps, a dominico, just to see
him killed. Much less would I send out our old
ships, which have whipped the proudest of Eng-
land's navy, to fight Frenchmen, without bat-
teries complete, and the gallant sons of our Army
and Navy, without sword and buckler, and mail
of triple steel! Bat, sir, I must have the recom-
mendation, the estimates, the data, and there
must be no juggling! Let the Executive come
forward and recommend what is to be done. I
will rely chiefly upon his knowledge of the wars.
He should have come forward last session. We
must have communications from the Departments.
They know of the necessity,' of which we are
ignorant. Even the " fourth department" of the
Government, the Globe, has been furnished with
more information than has been given to us, to
whom it is all, all, without reservation, due. If
war does depend upon the will of one man, he
will have enough to do his bidding, to vote when
he bids them to vote, to be silent when he bid 
them; in short, to say "ay"or "no,"as he«iay
prompt!                                                                  i
Sir, I must hereafter—I have been bitten once by
low-party tricks and chicanery practiced to put an ¡
immense sum at the secret service of " the party"— ',
I say I must hereafter know to a certainty that''
an appropriation is to be applied to the purposes
of national defense, and not of electioneering, be-
fore I vote for it.   Every man in the Government
is now authorized and franked to electioneer,
from Indian agents and postmasters up to the
President.    We now have a President election-
eering foe his successor, and it is time the nation
was told of it with the voice of a trumpet!    Sir,
since the publication of that letter of outrageous
dictation and of justification of " the Government
patronage in conflict with the purity of elections;" j
that letter to a member of the Tennessee Legis-
lature, which appears in the Government official,
and is there not only justified but lauded, churn-
ing the ri?ht to employ all  his  constitutional
powers to expunge a resolution of one branch of
Congress, and the right to interfere with the in-
dependence of State and Federal Legislatures, I
feel constrained, by the love I bear my country,
to "cry aloud and spare not!"   Sir, I wish to
see the public mind concentrated on these facts.
.. But to return from this digression.    The three
million amendment passed; and after a disagree-
ment the Senate adhered.   Was it disrespectful
to adhere ?   The gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] who I thought was "in a stew"
all that dreadful night, seems now to have a holy
horror of the word " adhere,"   I understood the
Senate, sir, as strongly asserting only the doc-
trine of specific appropriation; not as dissenting
from the ordinary items of the bill, and not as
objecting to a reasonable amount of additional
appropriation formally-enacted. The Senate, sir,
did 4iot know the secrets!   And shall the Sen-
ators—among the rest an honored Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. White,] who knows his duty
generally as well as any man without being told,
who was once trusted by the President first of
any, and deserves now to be trusted with his con-
fidence more than all bis present friends, who,
when he was in confidence, kept it honorably,
and the confidence itself was honorable and patri-
otic—shall they, shall he, be accused and con-
demned for not knowing, without hearing, the
Executive secret?   Shall he be required to know
without being told, to vote without knowing why?
Why, sir, the service is hard enough to do the
sovereign will and good pleasure of potentates
when the bidding comes loud and authoritatively,
and that Senator is not one who is likely to obey
orders from any power but that of his own people
and their Legislature; but to do the will of his
master without bidding, and to know that will
without being told, is too much to expect of any
slave.   If this is a sin, I hope, sir, that he and
his friends will ever have to plead guilty.   Sir,
the Senate knew no " why or wherefore" what-
ever for the passage of that amendment; they
were taken by surprise—they respectfully dis-
agreed-   The House refused to recede, and in- ,
sisted.  The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] voted to recede from the three million
amendment, and yet yesterday he asserted that
any one " who would refuse to vote for that
amendment had but one other step to take, and
that step would be to join the enemy and assist
in battering down the walls of the Capitol!"       ]
Mr. ADAMS rose to explain.   He had made j
no personal allusion, be said, to any member of
this Congress, nor, to any individual member of
the last Congress.   He had personified a senti-
ment, and his remarks were applied to that per-
sonification.
Mr. WISE. I am glad to stand corrected; I
quoted the languagem order to be put right.
" The personification of a sentiment!" I see it,
sir; 1 can give it form, aize, color-^-askin, muscle,
bone, and sinew. lean make it a palpable man,
whose cranium the phrenologists would rijark as
very intellectual., 1 understand now that this is
a Massachusetts war, and it is not for me, sir, to
meddle with it. If I understand the gentleman's
explanation for receding, it wan tp prevent the
loss of the bill; and yat,sir, when the House was
for adhering, did he not adhere too? |Mi-.AiwtM 
shook his head.] Sy it-is, the gentleman did
rote for onceJ-twice to recede, GtMietaJly^ifaiiy
man ever does a4h^^^hej«,;«|i4#^e^ it is
he! I voted for the amendment, and adhered to
it throughout. I was not in the secret. I was
on the verge of a precipice, and might have liad
to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] for a vote which might have saved me
from an awful plunge into error.
When the House asked for a conference, the
Senate readily agreed, and appointed conferees on
its part. The conferees of the two Houses agreed
on reducing the appropriation from $3,000,1)00 to
$800,000, and on making it more specific. And I
now again ask the honorable gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cambreleng,] the chairman of the
conferees of the House, whether, when he left the
conference after agreement to report, he did not
intend to report? Why did he not report? Sir, I
said yesterday there were two conjectures. I say
now there are three modes of accounting for the
failure of the honorable gentleman's intention.
One is, that the report failed because of a word in
the car, whispered by two high functionaries be-
tween the conference room and that door [point-
ing to the door next to the Speaker's room] or the
gentleman's seat in the House. Were there not
two such "busy bodies" in the way of the duty
to report ? Another is, sir, that there was a spe-
cial communication, a billet doux, handed to the
honorable gentleman [Mr. Cambrbleng] in his
seat, after he came in from the conference. Was
there such a billet, and what was its purport? A
third is, that there was a special visit in person
from a certain distinguished Senator of "the par-
ty," [Mr. S— W-t, Jr.} What did he say?
Was not the burden of all three, the whisper, the
billet, and the special messenger—the Senator
stooped low from his high degree, to become a
runner between the two Houses—that the con-
ferees of the House had done wrong to agree to
reduce the sum? That $800,000 was a "poor,
pitiful sum," which would not satisfy the Presi-
dent? That the President had risen up in wrath,
and sworn that he would veto the bill, because the
Senate had refused the whole grant of three mil-
lions, and that they should be made to bear the
loss of the whole bill ? Did not the intrigue then
assume a double aspect of policy, to ward off from
the President the responsibility of vetoing the bill
which he had sworn to veto; and to throw the
responsibility and odium of the failure of the bill
on the Senate ? This was the abominable game;
it was too bad to juggle us first out of our inde-
pendence of legislation, and then out of our char-
acter ! There are Jivt high witnesses to attest
these facts, if a committee be appointed to inquire,
who may be called on. You may go to the first,
second, third, fourth, and fifth highest officers of
your Government; and, sir, I should like to see
them thoroughly cross examined. Wc have had
a most important fact disclosed lately. The se-
cret journal of the Senate has been opened,and a
certain indorsement of its clerk has been ex-
posed. Now, sir, that secretary of the Senate is
a most excellent, good, and pious man, with a
high and due sense of propriety. He would be
cautious to indorse nothing which was not only
true, but proper to be indorsed. But I must ask
if all was indorsed which was said? I could not
shut my ears, sir, to the rumors which passed
from seat to seat that awful night. Suppose the
Senate did send a message to the Executive that
night, rejecting a certain nomination; and sup-
pose, in reply, the President had told the Secre-
tary, "I wiÚ receive no further communication
from the d-—d rascals; the Senate is defunct!"
I am sure, sir, such an answer would be undig-
nified and unbecoming, and that the Secreta-
ry's strict sense of propriety, and of what was
due to the President and to the Senate,.would
have prevented him from, indorsing all that was
said. And yet this committee, if raised, and
it inquire. faithfully, may bring out many such
facta.
Sir, I repeat that there was no disposition on
the part of the Senate, or of the House, to defeat
the fortification bill of last session. Both Houses
did their duty, and both are now equally inter-
ested to guard against such interference for the
future as actually prevented both Houses, though
readyandwilling,fromdoingtheirduty. Yes,sir;
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. R. M. John-
son^ challenged me, at the beginning of this ses-
sion, to specify acta of Executive intermeddling or
