
Thompson's Creek. Colonel Prince saw our camp at Fausse Point, and the commanding officer there could observe everything transpiring at the mouth of Thompson's Creek. Please ask him to do so.

N. P. BANKS.

JUNE 11.

Admiral FARRAGUT:

The captain and engineer of the Fox have been arrested, and the engineer discharged on $10,000 bail, at the request of his friend, Honorable Mr. Flanders.

N. P. BANKS.

General.

SPRINGFIELD STATION, June 12.

One hundred and seventy contrabands and paroled prisoners and some army horses await transportation at Springfield.

D. G. FARRAGUT,

JUNE 12.

Admiral FARRAGUT:

The enemy's commissary stores have been removed to point near the railroad landing. Cannot the guns and the mortars of the fleet be brought to bear on it?

CHAS. P. STONE.

Brigadier-General.

REMARKS.

May 22. - At 11 a.m. the Hartford appeared across the point opposite Port Hudson, and the signal officer on board of her called me. I answered him, requesting him to wait, as I was not ready. He continued to call me, no recognizing my answer. I answered repeatedly, without a reply from him. First, having left the glass a few moments to arrange, something about my station, on returning I found him sending a message, of which, of course, I got very little. I then waited to have the sails furled, as they shook my station badly, before calling for a repeat. I then found him calling me, and answered again and again, but could get no recognition. At 2 p.m. Captain Alden moved the ship ahead, to give a better view if possible. While under way, the opposite station called. I answered requesting him to wait until we were at anchor, but he attempted to send a message, which I could not read while in motion. Soon after we came to anchor it began to rain, which obstructed the view till dark. I called with torches in the evening, but received no reply.

May 22. - The station at Springfield Landing was established, with which Lieutenant Main communication while on board the Richmond. He being ordered off May 29, I took charge of both stations.

May 30. - Another station opened communication with us near the mouth of Thompson's Creek. Having these three stations to watch, it sometimes occurred that more than one called at the same time, which caused embarrassment and delay.

June 2. - I opened communication with a station in the woods on the left of our line. Lieutenant Abbott arrived, and from that date took charge of the station communicating with the Hartford, and Lieutenant Hall's station, communicating with Springfield Landing and Thompson's Creek. The latter station was abandoned; date not known. I discovered it accidentally, after watching needlessly for several days, and calling without reply.

June 15. - I was obliged to leave my station on account of illness.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. JACKSON,

2nd Lieutenant Twenty-fourth Maine Vols., and Actg. Signal Officer.

Lieutenant GEORGE R. HERBERT,

Adjutant of Signal Corps.

