
Numbers 14. Report of Lieutenant John F. Jencks, Twenty-sixth Connecticut Infantry,

Acting Signal Officer, of operations May 22-June 19.

NEW ORLEANS, LA.,

August 10, 1863

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders received from Lieutenant J. L. Hallett acting signal officer, dated May 22, 1863, I proceeded to Springfield Landing with men, horses, and signal equipments, and established a station communicating with Lieutenant A. M. Jackson, acting signal officer, whose station was on the U. S. steam sloop of war Richmond, and with Lieutenant Milton Benner, commanding signal telegraph train. Accompanying this paper please find a copy of the messages sent and received by me while in charge of the station.

On account of sickness, on the 25th of June I received orders from Captain William B. Roe to report at Baton Rouge, which order was complied with immediately.

On the 13th, of July, by orders received from Lieutenant J. L. Hallett, actin signal officer, I proceeded to Port Hudson and relieved Lieutenant Thomas S. Hall, whose station was in communication with Lieutenant John C. Abbott, on the U. S. steam sloop of war Richmond. The weather being bad, no official messages were sent or received while I was in charge of the station. On the 19th of July, I received orders from Lieutenant J. L. Hallett at Donaldsonville, La. I proceeded the same date by steamboat North America, and reported according to orders. On the 20th of July, I received orders from Lieutenant E. H. Russell to take charge of the party then in his charge as he had orders to report to New Orleans. The time that I was charge, as he had orders to report to New Orleans. The time that I was there, no stations, were established. On the 29th of July, by orders from General Grover, then in command of the troops in Donaldsonville I reported by telegraph to the chief of signal corps for orders, but not receiving any, on the 3rd day of August I proceeded to Baton Rouge. On the 5th of August, by orders, from Lieutenant J. L. Hallett, I was ordered to report with horses an equipments to Captain William B. Roe, at New Orleans, as soon as transportation could be procured, which was done on the 8th of August, arriving there on the 9th.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. JENCKS,

First Lieutenant Twenty-sixth Conn. Vols., and Actg. Signal Officer.

Lieutenant GEORGE R. HERBERT,

Adjutant, Signal Corps, Department of the Gulf.

Messages referred to in foregoing report.

MAY 22, 1863.

General BANKS:

A force of cavalry will leave at daylight for Bayou Sara, May 23.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

Captain JAMES ALDEN:

Colonel Grierson is one-half mile north of the railroad. He has met General Grover with is division. General Banks is 3 miles back. The news from Grant is good. He has cut Johnston's forces to pieces at Jackson, capturing sixty-one pieces of artillery. He has Vicksburg hemmed in so they cannot use their siege guns.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

