
ritt's plantation, May 20, 1863, the following forces under my command left camp at 6 a.m. of the 21st:

Third Brigade, First Division, consisting of Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel W. W. Bullock; Second Louisiana Volunteers, Colonel C. J. Paine: One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers, Colonel G. T.. Harrower; One hundred and seventy-fourth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Gott, accompanied by Captain Godfrey's squadron of cavalry, four pieces of light artillery, Battery G, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Rawles, and one section of the Eighteenth New York Battery, under Sergt. D. W. McConnell, proceeded up the Bayou Sara road to the opening of the first plain, when the advance came upon a considerable picket force of the enemy's which was dispersed by Godfrey's cavalry. The column continued its march until near the clearing on the west side of the plains about three-fourths of a mile from the Plains Store when a brisk skirmish was opened by Captain Fiske's and Lieutenant Johnston's companies of the Thirteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, which were thrown out onto the edge of the woods in front of the enemy's battery position. One section of Light Battery G was placed in position on the Bayou Sara road, which engaged the rebel battery for fully half an hour under a heavy fire, but failed to silence it; another section of the same battery and the section of the Eighteenth New York were brought up, and even this increased fire did not succeed in permanently silencing the fire of the enemy.

The section of the Eighteenth New York, by direction of Major-General Augur, was withdrawn, and replaced by four pieces of the Second Vermont Battery, Captain Holcomb. The pieces of Lieutenant Rawles were moved to the right, and Holcomb's sections took the position on the left of the road, the latter supported by the One hundred and seventy-fourth New York, and the right pieces supported by four companies of the Thirtieth Massachusetts. The Second Louisiana Volunteers, supported by the One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers, moved through the woods on the right, with a view of getting on the --- of the enemy's battery, which they succeeded in doing. The skirmish fire of these regiments, with the three companies of the Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers, rendered good service and materially contributed toward driving the enemy from their position. Previous to this latter disposition, Captain Ferris' company had been sent over on the right flank of the column, where it engaged the enemy's skirmishers having 1 lieutenant and 1 man wounded. This company took several prisoners, and completely cleared the woods at this point. The concentrated fire of this force drove the enemy from their position. At this juncture my command was immediately ordered to move to the front and take position near the Plains Store. One section of Light Battery G, under command of Lieutenant Beck, was placed on the Port Hudson road, the other on the Bayou Sara road, where it remained until the renewed attack in the afternoon on the right flank, when I was ordered to support Holcomb's battery, which had been put in position on Bayou Sara road, about 250 yards, to the front of the junction of the Port Hudson road. This was gallantly done by Lieutenant-Colonel Gott's regiment, One hundred and seventy-fourth New York Volunteers. At the same time this heavy firing was going on in front of the One hundred and seventy-fourth, I was ordered to send up the Port Hudson road a section of artillery. Lieutenant Beck responded promptly to this call, and held his position until abandoned by his support. Having had two swing horses and drivers killed, he was compelled to retire, leaving one piece for a short time behind, when the men of the reserve pieces joined their comrades, and succeeded in bringing

