
Volunteers, at the battle near Port Hudson, on Wednesday the 27th day of May, 1863:

The regiment is in General Dow's brigade and in the Second Division, commanded by General Sherman. We were ordered to make an assault upon the works, and to do it in four lines. The first line was formed by the Sixth Michigan, second, Fifteenth New Hampshire; third, Twenty-sixth Connecticut; fourth, One hundred and twenty-eighth New York. In advancing in line of battle, we encountered three high parallel fences, and, in getting over them, much confusion ensued, and before we could get into line the enemy opened on us with shell, shot, grape, and canister, mowing our men down by scores. As our men advanced, the ranks were thinned until after one hour's fighting, our men were compelled to seek shelter behind stumps, logs, &amp;c. Generals Sherman and Dow were both wounded and carried from the field.

The Twenty-sixth brought off the wounded and did not leave the field until past 8 p.m. This is the first time the regiment has been under the enemy's fire and permit me to say that,with the exception of two or three, they did honor to themselves and credit to their State.

I am in the hospital, badly wounded (not fatally) and have not the opportunity of giving so full a statement of the nature of the wounds as I should like.

I think the lieutenant-colonel may make a report also.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. G. KINGSLEY,

Colonel Twenty sixth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, UNITED STATES.

Numbers 20. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Selden, Twenty-sixth Connecticut Infantry, of the first assault.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR PORT HUDSON,

May 31, 1863

GENERAL: I inclose a list of killed, wounded, and missing in this regiment, resulting from our participation in the attack on Port Hudson, on the afternoon of May 27, 1863.*

The attempt was made to take the rebel batteries and intrenchments by storm. Our regiment was formed in line of battle with the Sixth Michigan and One hundred and twenty-eighth New York Regiments in front of us, and the Fifteenth New Hampshire in our rear. The brigade was ordered forward on the double-quick. Four fences intervened between us and the intrenchments, which greatly impeded our advance. In passing these fences, the different regiments were thrown into confusion and became somewhat mixed up. On entering the field, a perfect shower of grape shot, and canister met us severely wounded Generals Sherman and Dow, and cutting down officers and men by scores. Still, we advanced, and for more than two hours held the ground, and when obliged to fall back, it was not in disorder. I rallied our men, and formed the regiment near the entrance of the field, and we held the ground occupied by our brigade during the day. This being the first time the regiment had been under fire, I must be permitted to say that

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 68.

---------------

