
Numbers 22. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Justus W. Blanchard, One hundred and sixty-second New York Infantry, of affair at Springfield Landing.

SPRINGFIELD LANDING, LA.,

July 2, 1863

GENERAL: I beg leave to inform you the rebels made an attack on the post at about 8.30 a.m., about 150 to 200 strong. The attack was very vigorous on some negro troops, who retreated, allowing the rebels to set fire to the commissary stores, which were mostly destroyed. I brought my regiment to the scene of action, and drove them back in double-quick. They were again repulsed on our right and on our left, losing 3 or 4 killed, a number wounded, and 2 prisoners. We have 2 of my regiment and 3 of the negro regiment wounded, 1 negro killed. All is now quiet.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. BLANCHARD,

Commanding 162nd New York Vols. and this Post.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT.

P. S. - I fear a portion of our pickets have been taken prisoners.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 2, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. Our troops did not behave well. The officers refused to volunteer to bring a dispatch to the headquarters of the commanding general.

WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 23. Report of Brigadier General Halbert E. Paine, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of the expedition to Clinton.

PORT HUDSON, LA.,

June 9, 1863

COLONEL: The troops placed under my command for the expedition to Clinton marched at 4 a.m. on Friday last, and encamped that night at the Redwood Bayou Bridge. The excessive heat prostrated a large number of officers and men, who were sent back to headquarters in the evening. On Saturday morning we marched to the Comite Bridge, encamped there during the day, and at midnight marched toward Clinton. The cavalry entered the town and daylight Sunday morning, the infantry being about 3 miles in the rear. The enemy had moved their stores during the three preceding days, and the last of their troops had left on Saturday.

Colonel Grierson burned the cotton-mill, railroad depot, and railroad bridge. The information obtained as to the number, character, and destination of these troops was very conflicting. Your own estimate (1,500 to 2,000) is probably correct. Most of them are mounted. They appear to have four pieces of indifferent artillery, and will, I think, at present

