
Comite River, and rested until midnight, when we marched for Clinton, arriving near that place about 4.30 a.m. It being ascertain that the enemy had fled, we returned to Comite River, and rested until 6 a.m., when we marched till 9 p.m. and rested near Redwood Bayou. On the morning of the 8th we marched at 4 o'clock and arrived in camp before Port Hudson at 10 a.m. We rested till evening, then marched about 2 miles, and went into camp.

On the 13th of June, we formed with the rest of the Third Division in order of the battle, for an assault upon the enemy's works. The next morning, on the 14th, at daylight, our regiment was deployed as skirmishers, and, under the lead of General Paine, went forward on the double-quick, under a very severe fire from the enemy. We reached the ditch and some of the men crossed it; one got inside the works and was taken prisoner. We took position where we could beat away the enemy and compel him to keep concealed behind his works, and waited for the storming column, which was to follow us, but the column did not come and we remained under the works all day, subjected to a broiling sun. At night we were ordered back to our camp. Our loss in this affair was, commissioned officers, 1 killed and 5 wounded; enlisted men, 7 killed and 77 wounded, and 2 missing.

On the 19th, the regiment was again sent to the front, to support Battery F, where it remained until the surrender of Port Hudson on the 8th of July, during which time 2 men were wounded.

Upon the surrender of the enemy, we were designation as one of the regiments to take possession of the fort. At 4 p.m. we marched for that purpose to the left, near the headquarters of General Augur, where we were ordered to wait until morning. At 12.30 o'clock we received orders to march immediately for Plains Store, which we did, arriving there at a little before daylight on the morning of the 9th. Remained there until the 11th, when we marched at 5.30 p.m., in charge of a train of artillery, and baggage, for Baton Rouge, where we arrived early on the morning of 12th July.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. P. RICHARDSON,

Major, Commanding Thirty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Colonel O. P. GOODING,

Commanding Third Brigadier, Third, Div., Nineteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 25. Report of Captain Apollos Comstock,. Thirteenth Connecticut Infantry, Third Brigade, Fourth Division of the assault June 14.

BEFORE PORT HUDSON,

June 14, 1863

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the action taken by the Thirteenth Connecticut Volunteers in the engagement of the 14th instant, before Port Hudson, as follows:

As per order, we moved from our position in rear of Duryea's battery at 2.30 a.m. to the Jackson road, and rested near the bridge, on the right of said road (going toward Port Hudson) in rear of the rifle-pits, where the remaining regiments of the brigade joined us. At daylight we were ordered forward, and moved to the plateau beyond the

9 R R-VOL XXVI, PT I

