
rifle-pits, and rested on left of the road, in rear of First Brigade. At 7 a.m. we were ordered to support the First Brigade as they moved on the enemy's works. The Thirteenth held the right of our brigade, and following by the flank oblong the ravine, close in rear of the First, the regiment filed into line, the right forming under cover of a ridge of ground, about 100 yards from the enemy's works. As there was not room enough to form the whole regiment in line there, I ordered Lieutenant Gardner, acting adjutant to take the five left companies, pass through a ravine and form in line under cover of another ridge, on the left of the ravine and nearly parallel with the right. Soon after, Lieutenant Gardner was wounded, as also Captain Grosvenor, Company I. Still, the left moved steadily to the position referred to. At this point Colonel Holcomb, commanding First Brigade, fell, while leading his command to the charge, and his right gave way. I ordered my right to advance to their support, which they did under a very heavy fire from the enemy's works. Lieutenant Strickland, commanding Company F, fell here, killed instantly. Still they maintained the position nobly. At this time I ordered the regiment to file around the left of this position, and move forward through a ravine to a height which overlooked the enemy's works, and not more than 20 or 30 yards from them. As this was the nearest point I could reach without a direct assault of the enemy's works, which we had no instructions to do, I concluded to maintain that position and await orders. A regular detail of sharpshooters was kept at work on the brow of the height till sunset, when a strong picket was ordered to occupy it, which we did till about 10 p.m., when we were relieved, and ordered to our old position which we left on the morning of the action.

We lost 22 killed and wounded, which I have reported, with name, rank, and company in full.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. COMSTOCK,

Captain, Commanding Thirteenth Connecticut Volunteers.

HORACE J. MORSE,

Adjutant-General, State of Connecticut.

Numbers 26. Reports of Brigadier General Godfrey Weitzel, U. S. Army, commanding Provisional Division of operations June 7-11.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION,Before Port Hudson, La., June 8, 1863-5.30 a.m.

SIR: In compliance with instructions, I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has occurred in the Second Brigade, First Division, since last report.

The First Brigade, Fourth Division, reports incessant musketry firing all night, particularly at the mortar battery, where the soldiers were at work felling trees. The enemy was very attentive. Several shells also passed over and near the battery; also over brigade headquarters; 1 man wounded.

Owing to a report which reached brigade headquarters about 8 o'clock last evening, that the enemy was moving and that some of the pickets could hear distinctly the words, "Hurry up," &amp;c., the pickets

