
No full report has been received of casualties; so far, report 4 wounded.

The Twenty-second Maine advanced under a heavy fire through the ravine, but, owing to the obstructions and heavy fire from the enemy's breastworks, could not maintain their position, and were ordered to fall back, leaving two companies in the ravine, and cannot ascertain their whereabouts as yet. The companies that succeeded in retiring were ordered to support the Ninety-first New York, which was at daylight holding an exposed position within 75 yards of the enemy's breastworks. They have since retired, and are now occupying their old position. They report 8 wounded, certain; not able yet to make a full report. The Twenty-second Maine report 6 officers and 53 privates missing. The Second Brigade, Fourth Division, in reserve near the cross-roads.

By command of Brigadier-General Weitzel;

E. E. GRAVES.

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Captain J. HIBBARD, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Right Wing.

Numbers 27. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frank H. Peck, Twelfth Connecticut Infantry, of the assault May 27.

IN THE FIELD NEAR DONALDSONVILLE,

July 10, 1863..

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this regiment since the 25th day of May, 1863, on which day we arrived in rear of the belt of woods, a mile or near in depth, which encircles the fortifications of Port Hudson:

At 5 o'clock on the morning of the 27th, our brigade advanced in line through the woods, driving in the enemy's skirmishers, and reaching the clearing in front shortly after 6. We were received, as we emerged, with volleys from artillery and infantry. I received orders from General Dwight, temporarily in command of our brigade, to advance to the front and left, and silence the artillery, which was firing grape, and canister into our lines.

We moved by the flank, under a heavy fire, past four pieces and took up a suitable position. Three companies were sent forward as skirmishers, and soon came upon the skirmishers of the enemy, whom they drove before them. A detachment was sent from inside the works, which attempted to turn our flank.

Our left being entirely unsupported, I sent one company which succeeded by sharp fighting in repelling the attack. The entire regiment was finally engaged, and by noon had succeeded in driving the enemy inside the parapet, and in a short time afterward had silenced four pieces of artillery, two of which, being field pieces, were withdrawn, the other two (mounted en barbette), the two wings of the regiment relieved each other in guarding till late in the day. Our line did not halt until it reached the parapet and at one time the extreme right had succeeded in scaling the work, but, for want of harmonious support of other corps, were compelled to rest satisfied with holding the position. The day

