
closed with an armistice, when we were relieved by another regiment, and rejoined our brigade upon the right of the center. From this time until June 10 the regiment was on duty day and night as sharpshooters, behind hastily constructed works of logs and earth, and within about 150 yards of the enemy's breastworks. On the night of June 10, four companies were ordered to be thrown forward as skirmishers to form part of a continuous line around the works, with the design of compelling the enemy to disclose the position of his artillery. Orders were also given by the brigade commanders to scale and occupy the works, if possible. Companies A, B, F, and K were sent out and advanced, at the signal arranged, through a deep intervening ravine, obstructed by fallen trees and underbrush. They received a volley from the enemy as they came up but pressed on to the base of the parapet. The regiment on our right and left failed to support us, thus giving the enemy an opportunity to concentrate their troops against us with terrible effect. Company G was afterward ordered forward to cover the withdrawal of our men. Skirmishing was continued until daylight, when they were recalled, bringing in most of the killed and wounded. The casualties of this night were greater in proportion to the number engaged than in any other single engagement during the entire siege. The gallantry of the officers and men cannot be too highly praised. They received conspicuous mention from our division commander.

On the 14th of June, a general attack was made upon the entire front of the fortifications. For the sake of secrecy, the position selected for the assault had not been announced. At 1 a.m. we received orders to move. A guide was sent from headquarters to conduct us to our position in the line. He was joined afterward by a staff officer, through whose unfortunate ignorance we were led three times the necessary distance through the woods and at one time were rendered most anxious.

He was shortly joined by a third, and with their combined aid reached the point selected before daylight. We advanced immediately to the front through a covered way, passing in our way the Ninety-first New York, with hand-grenades, and the Twenty-fourth Connecticut, with sacks of cotton, and deployed as skirmishers to the left, the Seventy-fifth New York being deployed upon our right. The line was advanced cautiously, the men availing themselves of the irregularities of the ground for cover until our right rested upon the line of a ridge no more than 50 yards from the priest-cap. At other points the line advanced even nearer. A sharp fire was kept up on both on sides until noon, when the original plan of operations was abandoned. The regiment was withdrawn after dark in perfect order, and returned to its former position. Lieutenant Theodore Clark, of Company F, deserves mention for conspicuous courage during this engagement. The regiment from this time until the final surrender time since we advanced to the front, we were permitted to sleep without an uninterrupted accompaniment of artillery and musketry. On the 9th, with martial music and flying colors, we marched into Port Hudson. That evening we took transports, and arrived at this place on the 10th. I inclose a list of casualties.*

I am sir,your obedient servant,

FRANK H. PECK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General HORACE J. MORSE,

Adjutant-General [State of Connecticut.]

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement p. 67.

---------------

