
Numbers 28. Reports of Colonel Benjamin H. Grierson, Sixth Illinois Cavalry commanding Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of operations June 3-7.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,June 2, 1863

COLONEL: I am informed that there are a number of Sharps' carbines in New Orleans. About half of my command are armed with the Union and Smith's carbines, the ammunition for which we are unable to obtain. I would respectfully ask, if there are any of the Sharps' carbines in New Orleans, that about 500 be ordered to be sent here immediately that I may turn over the Union and Smith's and thus the more effectively arm my command.

The following detachments have reported to me and are now under my orders; 300 men of the Fourth Wisconsin Mounted Infantry; 150 men of the Forty-first Massachusetts Mounted Infantry; three companies of the Fourteenth New York Cavalry; two companies of the Second Massachusetts Cavalry; one company of the First Louisiana Cavalry; one section Nims' battery.

I would respectfully report to the general commanding that I shall move at daylight to morrow morning, June 3, with all the effective force of the Sixth and Seventh Illinois Cavalry, Second Massachusetts Cavalry, Fourth Wisconsin Mounted Infantry, the section of Nims' and my own light batteries, leaving the Fourteenth New York and First Louisiana Cavalry and Forty-first Massachusetts Mounted Infantry to picket the roads in our absence.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,Eight miles west of Clinton, June 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I have just received a report that [J. L.] Logan was 4 miles from Plains Store, on the Clinton road, this morning before breakfast, and was said to be going toward Port Hudson. He left his camp near Clinton at midnight last night.

I shall push on to Clinton and endeavor to destroy his camp, and Plains Store and fall in his rear.

I send you the negro boy who gave me the information, and you can get it from him as I received it.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major-General BANKS

BEFORE PORT HUDSON,

June 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions from the major-general commanding, I started at 5 o'clock on

