
the town two hospitals, containing 7 of our own men wounded and about 20 sick and wounded of the enemy. All their sick and wounded which could be moved, to the number of several hundred, were sent to Osyka the day before.

We paroled about 30 prisoners, destroyed the railroad depot, machine-shops, a locomotive, woolen and cartridge manufactories, a large quantity of ammunition several hundred hides, and much other Government property which in their haste the enemy failed to take away. We also destroyed all the bridges on the road leading toward Jackson, over the Comite River and the numerous small streams and bayous in the vicinity.

Having accomplished as nearly as possible the object of the expedition, we returned to the Comite River, where we rested until 5 p.m. and from thence returned to camp, arriving about 9 p.m.

I would also report that since the arrival of my command in this department, we have been operating in the vicinity of Baton Rouge and before Port Hudson, under Major-General Augur. We succeeded in cutting the railroad and telegraph between Port Hudson and Clinton, and the command took and active part in the engagement at Plains Store on the 21st of May, and in the numerous other skirmishers in which the forces have been engaged. Since the arrival of Major-General Banks and the investment of Port Hudson, besides the engagements herein reported, we have been employed under his immediate command in picketing and patrolling the approaches in the rear of our army.

Our loss since entering the Department of the Gulf has been small in men but heavy in animals, having had in the two Illinois regiments between 75 and 100 horses killed and badly wounded.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIVISION, SIXTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Memphis, Tenn., September 1, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith the inclose copy of the official report of the expedition which, under my command, marched from La Grange, Tenn., April 17, to Baton Rouge, La.*, where we arrived May 2, 1863.

The original report was sent from Baton Rouge, La., to General Grant, at his request. I would further report that in pursuance of instructions from Major General C. C. Augur, we left Baton Rouge on th 12th of May, and proceeded toward Port Hudson, with the order to endeavor to destroy the railroad and telegraph between that point and Clinton, La. This we succeeded in accomplishing at a point within 5 miles of the stronghold of the enemy. After this the command lay in front of Port Hudson, and was engaged in reconnaissances to ascertain the strength and position of the enemy's works until the 21st of May, when we were engaged, in connection with Major-General Augur's division, in a battle with the enemy at Plains Store. The cavalry took an active part in this engagement, which lasted several hours, part of the time being dismounted to support batteries. Our loss was only 1 man slightly wounded, 1 taken prisoner, and over 20 horses killed. On the

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. XXIV, Part I, p. 521.

---------------

