
23rd by order of Major-General Augur, we proceeded toward Bayou Sara, and formed a junction with Major-General Banks, who had landed at that point the day before. A complete investment of Port Hudson was immediately accomplished, and my command was employed under the immediate direction of General Banks in picketing and patrolling the approachers to Port Hudson, in the rear of our army. On the 3rd of June, I was sent with my command and an additional force of about 500 men to endeavor to dislodge a body of the enemy, about 2,500 strong, which under Colonel Logan, had taken position at Clinton, La., about 25 miles distant. I started at daylight in the morning, and reached Clinton about 3 p. m. Driving in the enemy's pickets, we engaged them, though far outnumbering us, for four hours, until our ammunition becoming exhausted, we were obliged to withdraw, which we did in good order, and returned to camp, where we arrived about midnight. Our loss in this engagement was 8 killed, 28 wounded, and 15 missing.

On the 5th, we again started for Clinton, in connection with a brigade of infantry and battery of artillery, arriving at daylight on the morning of the 7th. We found that the enemy hearing of our approach, had left the day before. We ascertained that the losses of the enemy in the engagement of the 3rd have been much heavier than our own, amounting in the aggregate to upward of 100.

On the 16th, instant [ultimo] I received and accepted my appointment as brigadier-General of volunteers.

Port Hudson having surrendered on the 8th of July, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 174, headquarters Department of the Gulf, copy of which is herewith inclosed, marked A,* I left that place on the 18th instant, and arrived at Vicksburg on the evening of the 19th. Having reported to Major-General Grant, in pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 195, headquarters Department of the Tennessee, copy of which is herewith inclosed marked B,+ we left that place on the 20th, and arrived in Memphis on the evening of the 23d, where I reported with my command to Major General S. A. Hurlbut.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

B. H. GRIERSON,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel HENRY BINMORE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 29. Reports of Edward Prince, Seventh Illinois Cavalry, of the capture of the Confederate steamers Starlight and Red Chief.

STEAMER STARLIGHT, May 25, 1863

SIR: I have taken possession of the only two steamboats on the creek, and shall hold them without further orders until they are destroyed by myself or the enemy.

I will undertake to keep the enemy from crossing Thompson's Creek with the force at my disposal.

Respectfully,

EDWARD PRINCE,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Lieutenant WOODWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade, Cavalry Division.

---------------

*See p. 645.

+Omitted.

---------------

