
men into column of fours, and charged on the enemy. They fell back on their main body, and then the whole force fired, at us and charged. They greatly outnumbered us, and we fell back, driving the trail on the road back toward Port Hudson.

The dust in the road was so thick that we could not distinguish friend from foe. They followed us for some distance, firing rapidly. When about 3 miles from the Landing, Captain Beach came to the rear, and informed me that the enemy was in our front. I ordered a charge through them, but found they had fled. At this time I saw on my right, about 300 yards from the road, a line of about 400 dismounted rebels advancing, with skirmishers deployed toward the road. They did not fire at me, probably supposing us to be their own men. After passing them,, we saw nothing more of the enemy.

At the time of the first attack, I sent a messenger to your headquarters, and in a few moments sent two more. As we were turning to go back to the Landing, I saw 2 officers in a buggy, one of whom I am informed was Major-General Augur. He told me to save the train, and then drove rapidly away in the direction of Port Hudson.

I have missing now 2 lieutenants, prisoners; 4 enlisted men; 1 enlisted man killed, and 6 enlisted men wounded.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. W. CORLISS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Second Regiment Rhode Island Cavalry.

Major General N. P. BANKS.

Numbers 31. Report of Lieutenant Commander Edward Terry, U. S. Navy, commanding Naval Battery, of operations May 30-July 8.

HASTINGS-ON-THE-HUDSON,

September 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to inclose the report of Lieutenant-Commander Terry, and the testimonials given that officer and Ensigns Shepard and Swann, for the energy, zeal, and skill displayed at the naval battery at the siege of Port Hudson, by the army and navy, which I hope will be placed upon record for their future benefit.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure.]

Letter of Captain T. A. Jenkins.

U. S. S. RICHMOND,

New Orleans, July 30, 1863.

ADMIRAL: I transmit herewith the report of Lieutenant-Commander Terry, and two letters from the officer of the army charged with the artillery employed in reduction of Port Hudson.

Lieutenant-Commander Terry and the officers and men under his command at the naval batteries before Port Hudson received from the

