
army the highest commendations, and it affords me great pleasure to place in your hands a detailed report setting forth the important services rendered on shore by the navy during the siege of that strong-hold of the enemy.

I am, very respectfully,

THORNTON A. JENKINS,

Captain.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT,

Commanding West Gulf Blockading Squadron.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 1 Report of Lieutenant Commander Edward Terry.

U. S. S. RICHMOND,

Below Port Hudson, July 10, 1863

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the naval battery under my command in position before Port Hudson:

On the 30th May, in obedience to an order from the admiral, I proceeded on shore, to report to General Banks as the commanding officer of the battery of 9-inch guns.s The latter referred me to Brigadier-General Arnold, chief of artillery, from whom I learned that the guns were at Springfield Landing. After several days' delay, owing to want of transportation they were brought to a position, near the battery. On June 4, Acting Ensign R. P. Swann, Master's Mates Cox and Bourne, and three guns' crews (51 men) from the Richmond, and Ensign E. M. Shepard with one guns' crew of 17 men from the Essex, landed and encamped one-half mile in the rear of the battery. June 5,shifted camp to ravine 500 yards in the rear of battery. From that date until June 9 engaged in slinging transporting, and mounting guns and stowing magazine. Considerable delay on account of platforms not being furnished. June 9, 11 a.m. unmasked the battery, which was 748 yards from the enemy's works, and opened fire upon the latter. Sharp musketry fire from the enemy. Continued firing all day at intervals of two and one-half minutes, and all night at intervals of five minutes. June 10, firing all day; dismounted one of the enemy's guns. Enemy's sharpshooters somewhat troublesome. On the 12th instant, set fire to some of the buildings within their lines; firing slowly all night and rapidly at daylight. On the 13th, firing all night at intervals of ten minutes. At 11 a.m. artillery opened all along their lines firing rapidly for one hour. At meridian, General Grover demanded the surrender of the place. A refusal was the reply. At 5 p.m., dismounted a light gun. On the 14th instant, at 2 a.m. opened a heavy artillery fire all along the line, after which an unsuccessful attack was made by the infantry; disabled a light gun. On the 15th and 16th, firing slowly; 17th, no firing; flag of truce. On the 18th, firing briskly all day. Removed one gun to a battery on the left, sent Mr. Swann to take charge of it, Mr. Bourne accompanying him. Occasional gun fired from the battery on the right, but with no rapid or continued firing subsequent to that date. On the 25th, the battery on the left opened fire on the enemy's works. About 3.30 p.m. John Williams, third, seaman, was mortally wounded and John McNalley and william Kelcher slightly. On the 27th, another 9-inch gun was removed from the right battery to the left. At 5 p.m. William Kelcher, stationed in the left battery, was severely wounded. On the 28th, at 10 a.m., the battery on the left opened fire; the rebels replied with

