
two heavy guns. On the 29th, firing slowly all day, the enemy replying with two heavy guns. June 30, July 1,2, and 3 firing, at long intervals. On the 2d, I received orders from Captain Alden to return on board, to take charge of the ship, the latter going north on a leave of absence.

On the evening of the 2d, turned over the command of the battery on the left to Mr. Swann, and the battery on the right to Mr. Shepard. The two guns transferred to the left were placed in a seventeen gun the Regular United States Artillery, but, at Captain Alden's request, I still maintained a supervision over all the guns manned by seamen, visiting the battery on the left every day.

The battery on the right was on the right of the center (General Augur's command.) The officers rendered me every assistance in their power, especially Messrs. Shepard and Swann, the latter displaying the zeal, energy, and fearlessness which have characterized his conduct in every action on board this vessel. I would also recommend to your favorable notice Acting Master's Mate Edmund L. Bourne, who, although but a short time on board of a man-of war, rendered most valuable assistance in mounting guns, and afterward in directing their fire. Mr. Swann, with whom he was associated on the left, speaks of his services as invaluable.

The men as a body, with very few exceptions, which were sent on board the ship, behaved in the most creditable manner, working on two or three occasions all day and night without a murmur, although some of the work which we were obliged to do we expected would be completed before our arrival. One of the gun carriages in the battery on the left was struck on the breast and forward axle tree fourteen times by musket balls, showing, the accuracy of the enemy's fire.

Mr. Swann reports that subsequent to the 2nd of July there was no firing of consequence.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD TERRY,

Lieutenant-Commander, U. S. Navy,

Captain THORNTON A. JENKINS,

Commanding Richmond,

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 2.] OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Port Hudson, July 10, 1863

The Officer Commanding Naval Forces below Port Hudson:

SIR; Upon the return to you for duty of the detachment from the naval force which has assisted in the reduction of Port Hudson, I am requested by Brigadier-General Arnold, chief of artillery, to express to you his thanks, and to acknowledge the service rendered by the naval battery commanded by Lieutenant-Commander Terry and Ensigns Shepard and Swann. Their duties were discharged with the most distinguished zeal and skill, and they have gained a right to the thanks of the army. The commanding general will be most happy to convey, through you, to those officers these expressions, and the chief of artillery takes pleasure in acknowledging his obligations.

By order of Brigadier-General Arnold, chief of artillery;

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully,

S. S. NEWBURY,

Assistant Chief of Artillery.

