
[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 8.] OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Port Hudson, July 10, 1863

R. P. SWANN,

Acting Master, U. S. Navy:

SIR: I am directed by the brigadier-general, chief of artillery of this army, to express to you his thanks for the eminent services of yourself and command during the siege of Port Hudson.

It was your fortune to occupy for many days the most prominent position among the batteries, and the skill and efficiency with which your guns were served merits and receives, through the officers, the thanks of the army.

Nothing more than the naval battery, and none of the guns of that battery more than your own, has contributed to the successful termination.

From the time that you assumed command of the naval forces on shore to this day, your promptitude, zeal, and value has been marked. Your fir has been most effective and the conduct of your whole command beyond praise.

By order of Brigadier-General Arnold, chief of artillery:

I have the honor, sir,, to be very respectfully,

S. S. NEWBURY,

Assistant Chief of Artillery.

Numbers 32. Statement of Confederate organizations paroled at Port Hudson.*

1st Alabama, Colonel I. G. W. Steedman.

49th Alabama, Major T. A. Street.

Maury (Tennessee) Artillery.+

1st [8th] Arkansas Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel B. Jones.

10th Arkansas Major C. M. Cargile.

11th and 17th Arkansas (detachment).

12th Arkansas, Colonel T. J. Reid, jr.,

14th Arkansas, Lieutenant Colonel Pleasant Fowler.

15th Arkansas, Colonel Ben. W. Johnson.

16th Arkansas, Colonel David Provence.

18th Arkansas, Lieutenant Colonel W. N. Parish

23rd Arkansas Colonel O. P. Lyles.

4th Louisiana (detachment), Captain Chas. T. Whitman.

9th Louisiana Batt'n (Infantry), Captain T. B. R. Chinn.

9th Louisiana Battalion (Partisan Rangers), Major J. De Baun.

12th Louisiana Heavy Artillery Battalion, Lieutenant Colonel P. F. De Gournay.

30th Louisiana (detachment), Captain T. K. Porter .

Miles' (Louisiana) Legion, Colonel W. R. Miles.

Boone's (Louisiana) battery, Captain S. M. Thomas.

Watson (Louisiana) battery, Lieutenant E. A. Toledano.

1st Mississippi, Lieutenant Colonel A. S. Hamilton.

39th Mississippi, Colonel W. B. Shelby.

Claiborne (Mississippi) Light Infantry, Captain A. J. Lewis.

1st Mississippi Light Artillery (three batteries).#

English's (Mississippi) battery, Lieutenant P. J. Noland.

Seven Stars (Mississippi) Artillery, Lieutenant F. G. W. Coleman.

1st Tennessee Heavy Artillery,+ Company G, Captain James A. Fisher.

1st Tennessee Light Artillery,+ Company B, Lieutenant Oswald Tilghman

Improvised Tennessee Battalion,@ Captain S. A. Whiteside.

---------------

*As shown by the parole rolls.

+Attached to De Gournay's Twelfth Louisiana Heavy Artillery Battalion.

# Abbay's, Bradford's, and Herod's. Remainder of regiment surrendered at Vicksburg.

@ Composed of details from the Forty-first, Forty-second, Forty-eighth, Forty-ninth, Fifty-third, and Fifty-fifth Tennessee Regiments.

---------------

