
caliber, which we could not use with our ordnance, were fixed to roll down upon the enemy's works.

On July 1, as the enemy was mining our works, I was requested by mining battery, and the counter-mine was successfully blown up on the morning of July 4. The ammunition for artillery was of inferior manufacture many of the 8 and 10 inch shell being cast so that the hollow was too small to contain the bursting charge. The fuses were fixed so that the most of the 10-second and 14-second purest at the muzzle of the gun the gun, the friction-primers being entirely unserviceable.

At the surrender, besides the arms used by the men, there were 600 flint-lock muskets, unserviceable without repairs; 30,000 Enfield cartridges manufactured during the siege; 30 pieces light artillery, with 2,500 rounds, mostly solid shot; 10,000 pounds of powder, including the lot directed to Lieutenant-General [E. K.] Smith of the Trans-Mississippi Department; 12 heavy ordnance, with 100 solid shot to the gun.

All of which is most respectfully, submitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS J. GIRARD,

Captain and Chief of Ordnance, Port Hudson, La.

Numbers 36. Reports of Brigadier General W. N. R. Beall, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade.

PORT HUDSON, LA.,

June 8, 1863

SIR: I have just received your communication containing instruc tions from the major-general commanding that I shall send 80 men from my line to relieve the Ninth Louisiana Battalion [Partisan Rangers] on Colonel Miles' line; that this battalion cannot be trusted on outpost or picket duty; that they are deserting &amp;c., and that I must put them where they can be watched and shot down in case they desert.

I would respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to the following facts: With my brigade I was assigned a certain portion of the breastworks to defend. Since the enemy have appeared in our front, more than one-third of my best troops have been taken from me and moved to the left, where they now are, under the command of a junior officer. This I did not object to as the interest of the service seemed to require such an assignment; but now that 80 men on t he right are found we are worse than no men at all, I do object to having men taken from my line, which is so thinly guarded that I am constantly fearing that the enemy may storm the works, and 80 soldiers "that cannot be trusted" put in their stead. I do not think that is doing me justice, and if I am to take the 80 men from the line, cannot say that the chance to hold it against the enemy is even a good one. I have no place to assign these 80 men where they can be watched and fired upon should they attempt to desert, and the only place where this can be done is the guard-house, and I would recommend that they be sent there for safe-keeping. I cannot guard them on my line. I had far rather not have them than to have them. I ask that 80 men from the left be sent to take the place of these men. If the major-general will only pass along my

