
conversation, with the view of directing attention from the point of approach. This was done, and a lively and noisy conversation ensued. While this was going on, Lieutenant McKennon approached to within about 30 yards of the enemy's works, when he gave the order to charge. In an instant the work was in our possession. The enemy fired but once, and then at a great elevation. After the works were in our possession, the men with the assistance of others from the regiment, tore down the works and scattered the sand-bags bringing many of them into camp. Besides destroying the works 7 prisoners were taken, and several were killed and wounded. We had only 1 man hurt, who was knocked down by one of the enemy as he was leaping into the works. Some 12 or 14 guns were also brought in.

We finally posted our pickets, and were only annoyed during the night by occasional volleys fired from the woods.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. PROVENCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Brigadier-General BEALL.]
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, BEALL'S BRIGADE,July 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The following is a report of the casualties of this command: First Mississippi Regiment, Major [Thomas H.] Johnston commanding Private W. D. Striclan, Company F, killed; Forty-ninth Alabama, Major [T. A.] Street commanding, Private James Terrel, Company A, wounded slightly; first section Watson Battery, Lieutenant [J. E.] Nores commanding, none. Recapitulation-killed, 3; wounded, 3.

Respectfully submitted.

D. PROVENCE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain BEALL HEMPSTEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 39. Reports of Colonel O. P. Lyles, Twenty-third Arkansas Infantry, of operations May 31-July 3.

PORT HUDSON, LA.,

May 31, 1863.

MAJOR: The enemy has dismounted our large gun and wounded 5 men. I think by getting a new wheel

-----

. The shots thrown upon the enemy's intrenchments with our gun before it was dismounted did good work.

O. P. LYLES.

Colonel, Commanding Right Wing.

[Major T. F. WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

PORT HUDSON, LA.,

June 30, 1863.

MAJOR: On yesterday I succeeded in burning the cotton of the enemy that he was rolling before him. He approached within a few

