
PORT HUDSON, LA., July 1, 1863.

MAJOR: I am unable as yet to check the enemy in his march with his trenches. I am of opinion that he will reach my trenches to-night. He has shelled my troops at the extreme right very much to-day, with the view, I think, of trying to demoralize the, so as to storm my rifle-pit to-night. He has almost ruined my rifled-pit with his artillery.

I am wide awake.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

O. P. LYLES,

Colonel, Commanding Right Wing.

[Major T. F. WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

PORT HUDSTON, LA., July 3, 1863.

MAJOR: All is well down here in the Devil's Elbow. Last night was unusually quiet. The enemy keeps coming with his trench. I think he is filling a little to the right. I am ready for him; let him come. I can whip him in four minutes if he shows himself. I do not tank his trench will do him any good. I can hold the point, and intend to do it.

This little report is made simply to inform you that I am still in life and spirits.

I am, major, very respectfully, &c.,

O. P. LYLES,

Colonel, Commanding Right Wing.

Major T. F. WILLSON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-We throw our hand-grenades on him, &c.

Numbers 40. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel P. F. De Gournay, Twelfth Louisiana Artillery Battalion, of operations May 24-July 2.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, HEAVY BATTERIES,Port Hudson, May 24, 1863.

COLONEL: During the two hours and a half bombardment by the enemy's mortar and gunboats, the batteries of this command fired twenty-four shots with little effect, being a very long range. One of the shots from Captain [W. B.] Seawell's battery struck the Monogahela in the bow. Our batteries were struck many times, but with no damage. The gun-carriage at Battery 10 was slightly injured, but n enough to disable it.

I have to deplore the following casualties among the men armed as infantry at the breastworks on the extreme right, viz: Killed, Corporal [William] Zengle and Private [Adolph] Hildman, of Company A, Twelfth Louisiana Battalion; Private [John] Haindel, Company E, Twelfth Louisiana Battalion. Wounded, Private [John] Fink, Company A, Twelfth Louisiana Battalion.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. F. DE GOURNAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel M. J. SMITH,

Chief of Heavy Artillery.

