
to-morrow with the Parrott gun (30-pounder) and rifled 24-pounder and 32-pounder.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. F. DE GOURNAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Left Wing, Heavy Batteries.

Major T. F. WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, HEAVY BATTERIES,Port Hudson, June 10, 1863.

COLONEL: The communication to General Gardner from several officers of the right wing, land defenses, asking that more heavy guns should be placed on that wing, is before me, and I have the honor to submit my opinion, as requested by you. As regards the 8-inch shell gun, the only one from my command alluded to, I cannot see the practicability of its removal to the lines. It is a barrette gun, and a battery would have to be constructed, which would involve delay and labor; it would, besides, deprive the river defenses of one of the few effective guns they have with which he contend against the superior armament of the fleet.

If this gun were placed in Battery Numbers 8, on a columbiad pivot carriage, as agreed lately, it might be brought to bear on the enemy's land batteries, while still retaining its position on the river.

Such is the case with the 30-pounder Parrott and rifled 24-pounder, which commands both the river and land. These two guns will support any battery on the right wing whenever, by previous understanding, it wishes to open. By so doing, they will probably attract the fairer of the fleet, but such a consideration can have no weight. If we calculate the number of guns of the enemy, and bow to their superiority, we are lost.

We have to fight them when and as we can, and trust to God and our own fortitude for the result. There is nothing to warrant the opinion that with two heavy guns on the line we can silence all their batteries, and, in my opinion, the removal of the 8-inch shell gun would give certain prejudice and barely probable benefit.

These remarks are my candid opinion, but should the general order any of the guns of my command to be moved to other positions, he may rest assured that we will fight them as long as they will stand. Should he wish the 24-pounder and 30-pounder Parrott to open to-morrow on the enemy's batteries, I will have it done. We could effect nothing at night with these guns, as the enemy's batteries are concealed from view, and we must be guided by the smoke of their guns.

I am, colonel, respectfully,

P. F. DE GOURNAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Left Wing, Heavy Batteries.

Lieutenant Colonel M. J. SMITH,

Chief of Heavy Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, HEAVY BATTERIES,Port Hudson, June 11, 1863.

COLONEL: During the firing from the ships this morning, the 24-pounder rifled gun at Battery 11 was struck by a shell near the vent,

