
[HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING], 12 o'clock.

All seems to have quieted in my front. I can learn of no mischief done our men or works. Enemy either made an attempt to charge Lieutenant-Colonel [M. B.] Locke's front (in corner of bull-pen), or made a bold effort to push forward his lines. Whatever his intention, he had been defeated, and gained nothing. Can hear his wounded groaning along our lines. I feel comparatively easy at to balance of night. The enemy has a battery 400 yards in front of slaughter-pen. He fired only two guns (small, I think). The enemy is evidently extending his lines toward our left. Has been cutting timber there. Also reported cutting in front of Lieutenant-Colonel Locke. Have ordered artillery on Commissary Hill to fire shell slowly among them if it prove true. I doubt the correctness of the report. Have well guarded the space between my left and Colonel [W. b.] Shelby's right.

Respectfully,

I. G. W. STEEDMAN,

Colonel First Regiment Alabama Volunteers.

Major [T. F.] WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,June 10, 1863.

SIR: Two companies of my regiment, Captains [J. F.] Whitfield and [James D.] Meadows, are in charge of siege guns on various parts of the field works. I think either company sufficient for the purpose. Please inquire, and, if possible, order one of the companies to report to Major Knox, near Commissary Hill, to-night at dark. We are in great need of them.

The troops on my line are promiscuously mixed. I am satisfied this will not do. I want a battalion or regiment in charge of each portion of the lines, a nd its officers responsible for its safety, defense, &amp;c. By giving me Colonel Lyles' regiment, Twenty-third Arkansas, and Fourteenth in place of Eighteenth Arkansas, Lieutenant Colonel Paris, I can arrange this to my satisfaction.

This changing of troops will not do. The men will not work on lines which they are not compelled to remain in. I am maturing arrangements to send scouts out to-night. I will present my plan by night.

Am selecting my men. Think I can arrange it.

Respectfully,

I. G. W. STEEDMAN.

Major WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,June 11, 1863-Sun up.

I supposed, until daylight this morning, that the firing in my front was simply from a weak line of sharpshooters, who took up the fire because the firing was going on the right, but I learn nw that the enemy attempted an advanced in my whole front, extending one-quarter to a mile left of Slaughter house. At daylight we found the enemy had actually pushed into our lines, and were sheltering themselves from rain in

