
[First indorsement.]

Referred to Colonel Smith, who will fire hourly at the enemy's battery, and change the range to the left a little.

Respectfully,

RANK. GARDNER,

Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]

GENERAL: I shall commence firing, though I think it will have the effect of causing the enemy's guns to get our range and position, and stir them out sooner than they intended to start. I have been on the watch to get the first intimation of a general attack from the eely, and should have opened as I deemed best. The firing of these guns, unless a general attack, I do not approve of, as the concentration of the enemy's fire from all directions upon this center will do our guns far more harm than we can possibly do the enemy.

Respectfully,

MARSHALL J. SMITH,

Chief of Heavy Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,June 11, 1863.

SIR: Please say to the general that I found the Tenth Arkansas on the lines yesterday when I took the command of this line. They had relieved the Twelfth Arkansas the night before. This plan of changing troops, except from necessity, is rumors. I shall dispose of the regiments on this line to the best of my discretion, and keep them there. I gave such orders as I thought proper to effect this end last night, and all was moving smoothly until the Tenth Arkansas hesitated in its obedience to my order, and delayed the movement until the fight opened, so the whole movement was defeated. It is not the men of the regiment who are troublesome-they have no officers. I feel no doubt, though, in reconciling everything to-day.

Say to the general that I feel remarkably well this morning, and feel no uneasiness as to my health.

Please give me a summary of information gained from the captured lieutenant, especially all relating to my position here and the character of the movement last night. My scouts left promptly after dark last night, and I think got out safely.

Respectfully,

I. G. W. STEEDMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Left Wing.

Lieutenant [A.] DUPRE,

Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-I have just learned that we have driven the enemy back to his old position of yesterday. At daylight, about one company of the enemy was discovered 100 yards in front of our siege guns. We gave them a double charge of grape and canister. The whole company threw down their arms and fled in the utmost confusion. I think we can get the guns to-day.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,Port Hudson, La., June 15, 1863.

MAJOR: From concurrent testimony of officers on all parts of my line, I am satisfied that there was an extensive movement of wagons

