
and artillery, and perhaps a large body of troops, from some point on my right on the Jackson road. About 1 or 2 o'clock they apparently either halted or went out of hearing, as they could not be distinctly heard afterward. There was in my immediate front and on the enemy's line no change that we are aware of. I am inclined to think that if this line is attacked at all, the principal effort will be made on the extreme left, across the bridge. Two pieces of artillery were stationed there yesterday afternoon across the creek, and sharpshooters have appeared all around that position; at least two white regiments have been seen maneuvering about the bridge.

I would urge the importance of having all our heavy guns ready to assist in meeting any demonstration there. Those guns, if properly served, will be equal to any number of troops that can be brought to bear upon that point.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. G. W. STEEDMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Left Wing.

Major WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,June 20, 1863.

MAJOR: After heavy skirmishing this evening, the enemy opened a charge upon our works on the hill in front of Colonel [W. B.] Shelby, but failed to charge. Colonel Shelby reports no loss. Loss of the enemy unknown.

Fearing an assault in the morning, I have ordered Lieutenant [J. P.] Caldwell, with a 6-pounder brass piece, to move to-night from the arsenal, and report to Colonel Shelby on the left, and at the same time ordered Colonel Shelby to prepare a pit in readiness for the gun.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. G. W. STEEDMAN,

Commanding Left Wing.

Major T. F. WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,June 25, 1863.

MAJOR: All quiet on this line except occasional sharpshooting. The enemy are working at no point except in front of Colonel [B. W.] Johnson, extending his rifle-pits to within 150 yards.

About 12 o'clock to-day a shell from the enemy exploded an ammunition chest in the limber at a gun between Colonel Johnson's camp and the mill. The gun was masked. The shot must have been a stray one, or the position of the gun must have been given by deserters. I have made inquiries on all parts of my line to-day concerning the firing that was heard last night. All agreed that there was considerable firing from 10 o'clock till daylight. Some artillery officers say there seemed to be as many as two batteries firing. Some difference of opinion as to the direction of the firing; some say that it was up the river; the majority say that it was in the direction of Jackson, La. I have some

