
stopping it unless by a sortie up one of the ravines, under cover of darkness. All quiet elsewhere.

I am, respectfully,

I. G. W. STEEDMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Left Wing.

Major [T. F.] WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,July 7, 1863.

MAJOR: In accordance with instructions from headquarters this morning, I have arrested Lieutenant-Colonel Vaughan, Tenth Arkansas, and placed Captain [S. M.] Shelton, senior officer, in command.

I can bear no bad effect resulting from rumors of to-day. I have tried to guard against it as much as possible.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. G. W. STEEDMAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Abstract from muster-roll of First Alabama Volunteers, Colonel I. G. W. Steedman, April 20-November 30, 1863.

The enemy commenced investing Port Hudson on May 19. The First Alabama Regiment was immediately withdrawn, from the west side of the river after a slight skirmish with the enemy's cavalry, in which we drove them off without loss on our side.

On May 21, the regiment was ordered about three-quarters of a mile in front of northern defenses of Port Hudson. With occasional assistance from the Tenth Arkansas and Fifteenth Arkansas, the regiment held [General Godfrey] Weitzel's division, United States Army, in check for six days.

On the morning of May 27, we were forced back to the line of defense. On the night before, the line of defense being only partially fortified north of Port Hudson, the regiment had rolled logs and piled rails, thus making a sort of breastwork. This work was assaulted with great force by the enemy on the morning of May 27. The enemy acted with gallantry, but were repulsed with great slaughter. At the time of this assault the acting quartermaster, adjutant, and sergeant major were on duty with Colonel [I. G. W.] Steedman, commanding left wing defenses; Colonel [M. B.] Locke commanded Tenth Arkansas and battalion First Mississippi; Major [Samuel L.] Knox commanded First Alabama, two companies provost-guards, and a section from each of two batteries of artillery; the assistant surgeon, ordnance sergeant, and commissary sergeant on duty with Major Knox; the surgeon in charge of hospital, and the acting commissary of subsistence at camp-by order of General Gardner.

The fine discipline and buoyant spirits of the regiment were conspicuous during the entire siege. In their exposed position they were assaulted incessantly, almost day and night, but never successfully.

