
Numbers 42. Report of Colonel W. B. Shelby, Thirty-ninth Mississippi Infantry, of operations June 8.
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING,June 8, 1863.

MAJOR: Some day or two since I was ordered by the major-general commanding to send back from the Twelfth Arkansas Regiment, which occupied a position in the trenches on my right, 1 field officer and 100 men, leaving me 100 men of that command. Since that-time this number had dwindled down to not exceeding 40 men. This force is too small to occupy the position, and I respectfully request that, if possible, they may be re-enforced.

I take the liberty of submitting to the major-general commanding the propriety of mounting a single piece in the point of wood near the house occupied by Major Benett, with a view of driving the mortars from the position they now have on my front. The shelling from the mortars was so heavy this morning as to compel Lieutenant [E. A.] Toledano and men to temporarily abandon his pieces, and the men near the slaughter-pen are subjected to a very heavy fire from them. Something ought to be done, if possible, to draw the enemy from this position. My pickets report the enemy as fortifying on this side of the creek, near the bridge.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. SHELBY,

Colonel, Commanding Left Wing.

Major T. F. WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 43. Report of Major Thomas H. Johnston, First Mississippi Infantry, of operations July 2-3.

JULY 3, 1863.

From indications all day yesterday, last night, and this morning, the enemy must be massing a heavy force at some point on our right. There seems to be a movement of infantry, cavalry, artillery, ambulances, and wagons. I am not prepared to say whether this force, or any part of it, has been taken from my front, or whether they are re-enforcing from elsewhere.

The enemy are still actively engaged in pushing forward their works in my vicinity. Had a serious accident from the hand-grenades last night-2 men mortally wounded (1 since dead) by the explosion accidentally of some of the grenades.

Respectfully,

THOS. H. JOHNSTON,

Major First Mississippi Regiment, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel [A. S.] HAMILTON,

Commanding Left, Beall's Brigade.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully referred to Major-General Gardner. The hand-grenades which were fired were fired by being ignited by a person who had lighted

