
the fuse of a hand-grenade, and was about throwing it at the enemy. I do not think that the movement of troops in different directions is other than the ordinary reliefs passing back and forth.

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 44. Report of Lieutenant E. A. Toledano, Watson (Louisiana) Battery, of operations May 24.

May 24, 1863.

I have the honor to make the following report of operations during the day:

One section (two guns), commanded by Lieutenant [J. P.] Caldwell, has been stationed during the day in the woods north of Wingfield's cavalry camp; has not been in action during the day. One section (two guns), commanded by Lieutenant [J. E.] Nores, at the left of the breastworks, has been in action twice during the day, once to silence a battery of the enemy in the point of woods adjoining, and once to dislodged the enemy's sharpshooters-both object fully accomplished. This section has fired in all 60 rounds of spherical case and 5 of solid shot. A third section of two guns, commanded by Serg. Major H. L. Nichols, stationed near the railroad, on the fortification, has not been in action at all during the day. No casualties of any kind have occurred in the battery during the day.

E. A. TOLEDANO,

Lieutenant, Commanding.

Captain [BEALL] HEMPSTEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 45. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Wingfield, Ninth Louisiana Battalion Partisan Rangers.

PORT HUDSON,

May 24, 1863.

MAJOR: I herewith furnish a report of the operations of my command during Saturday, May 23. The report is as full as the circumstances of the moment will permit me to make. I hope it will be satisfactory to the major-general commanding.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. WINGFIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

MAJOR: Early yesterday morning I informed the major-general commanding that the enemy had left their encampment at the ford on Thompson's Creek, and were advancing in the direction of Mrs. Newport's. I immediately ordered a picket of 10 men, under Lieutenant [A. C.] Bickham, of Company K, to the gate at Captain Chambers' plantation, on the Bayou Sara road.

At about 12 o'clock I received intelligence that the enemy's cavalry had driven my picket, and that they had fallen back to the gain-house

