
on Mr. Flowers' plantation, which fact I dispatched to the major-general commanding. Half an hour later, I received information that the enemy's cavalry, some 50 to 100 strong, had made its appearance in the upper field of Neville's plantation, and were in the house now occupied by Mr. Aburger. Upon receiving this intelligence, I immediately ordered Captain O. P. Amacker, of Company E, and Lieutenant J. B. Dunn, of Company D, with 50 men, to Neville's field; also Captain [William] Turner, of Company K, and Captain [E. S.] Morgan, of Company G, with detachments from Companies B and F, and [E. A.] Scott's, respectively commanded by Lieutenants [B. B.] Starenes, [J.] Barnett, and [M.] McQueen, above Mrs. Huston's field, near Captain Chambers' gate, where the enemy was reported to be. Immediately thereafter Colonel [I. G. W.] Steedman arrived at my encampment with a battalion of the First Alabama Volunteers and a section of Watson Artillery.

The First Alabama, now under Lieutenant-Colonel [M. B.] Locke, deployed itself as skirmishers in the woods in front of the left win of the breastworks leading into Neville's field. I sent Captain [G. W.] Lewis, of Company C, and his men as flankers to the right wing of this battalion, the left wing being protected by Captain Tuner, in the advance. This disposition of my battalion protected the left and right of Colonel Steedman's forces-the left and advance commanded by Captain Turner, and the right and its advanced under Captain Amacker.

Captain Turner reports, that, upon his arrival at the position assigned him, he found the enemy's cavalry, estimated from 1,000 to 1,200 strong, drawn up in line of battle in Mrs. Huston's field. On their discovering his position, the enemy fired upon him, he answering with considerable effect, causing the enemy to fall back out for range. The enemy, having reformed, charged Captain Turner three times, but were repulsed each time, after which they withdrew from Mrs. Huston's field in the direction of the Bayou Sara road, Captain Turner retaining his position until this morning, when he was ordered to withdraw. Captain Turner had no loss.

Captain Amacker reports having met the enemy in Neville's field. He skirmished with them some time, driving them from Mr. Aburger's house, and then across the field into the woods bordering on the Jackson road. Again was the enemy driven from the woods, Captain Amacker occupying the position, and placing a picket in a commanding position at the edge of the woods. Having accomplished the desired object, he withdrew his force. It is impossible to state the enemy's loss. Several horses were killed, and the saddles and other paraphernalia were recovered from them. Captain Lewis with his company, acting as flankers, remained at their post during the entire day.

During the whole day I suffered no loss, excepting 1 man of Company E, who was thrown from his horse while charging the enemy and had his arm badly sprained. The enemy must have suffered considerably, though I cannot estimate their loss.

It is with pleasure that I must make special mention of the gallant conduct of Captains Turner, Amacker, and Morgan in the manner in which they carried out the instructions given them and the promptness with which they kept me informed of the movements of the enemy. It is also gratifying to me to be able to report that both officers and men engaged behaved with the utmost coolness and bravery, and, by their conduct, drove ten times their number.

The operations of my pickets on the Springfield road and on the Plains Store road deserve being mentioned, as the enemy during the day attempted to drive them back.

