
Major James De Baun and Captain J. J. Slocum, of Company A, were ordered by me to inspect the various posts, and they report that Lieutenant [T. M.] Bond, in command at Springfield, had two or three skirmishes during the day, in which the enemy were each time repulsed; that Lieutenant [E.] McCain, at Plains Store, had also several skirmishes with the advance of the enemy, repulsing them, and retaining his position.

Very respectfully submitted.

[J. H. WINGFIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.]

Major T. F. WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 47. Port Hudson, La., May 23, 1863.

It is with much pleasure the major-general commanding announces to the troops a successful skirmish of Colonel Wingfield's Partisan Rangers with the whole force of the enemy's cavalry, in which the enemy were several time repulsed, and finally driven back with considerable loss.

These examples of heroic conduct are cheering to us, and will convince the enemy that we are determined to defend this post to the last.

By command of Major General Frank. Gardner:

T. FRIEND WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 25, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy again drove back my pickets stationed at Sandy Creek, where the telegraph wires are placed.

Lieutenant [C. C.] Harris, of Company G, commanded that post. The ground is very open on this side of the creek, and the men necessarily much exposed.

They have not yet crossed the creek. I am skirmishing with them now. I regret to inform you that First Lieutenant Harris was killed, and in consequence of the open country at the ford, it was impossible to remove his body, the enemy being ambushed across the river, the timber being such as to enable them to do so.

I would be much pleased, general, to recover the body of Lieutenant Harris, if possible.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. H. WINGFIELD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Ninth Louisiana Battalion Partisan Rangers.

Major-General GARDNER.

Numbers 46. Reports of Colonel W. R. Miles, Louisiana Legion, of operations May 21-July 7.

MAJOR: With 400 infantry and a battery of my command, I moved out yesterday on the Plains road, in obedience to orders. About 2 1/2

