
great deal. My sharpshooters are at work with effect. My casualties are 2 killed and 2 wounded.

I have ordered the four companies of my left wing under charge of Major [J. T.] Coleman. I have but a very small reserve on the right, but will hold every man ready to move.

I remain, sir, your most obedient servant, &amp;c.,

FREDK'K B. BAND,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Right Wing.

Major T. F. WILLSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Since writing the above report, I have the honor to report that Captain [C. W.] Cushman, Thirtieth Louisiana, and Lieutenant [J. D.] Conn, Fourth Louisiana, have come forward with their companies, amounting to about 45 men, all volunteers, to act as the reserve or anything else.

Numbers 48. Reports of Colonel John L. Logan, Eleventh Arkansas Infantry, of operations May 21-July 8.

NEAR MRS. NUTTENELL'S, BAYOU SARA ROAD,

May 21, 1863-6 p. m.

GENERAL: I am in enemy's rear with 300 cavalry and mounted men, and 300 infantry. General Augur's division has all passed up. I would strike him, but my force is too weak. I have no information from Plains Store excepting that the enemy occupy the place. My dispatch from Colonel [F. P.] Powers was received too late to strike the enemy on his right flank; besides, they came in too great numbers for Colonel Powers, and forced him back to the railroad before I could get here. I shall keep on his right flank, and strike as opportunity offers.

In a little skirmish this evening, I captured 2 prisoners, [who informed] me that Augur's entire division has passed up, including two brigades of infantry, four batteries, and abut 700 or 800 cavalry, commanded by Grierson. I think for the present I had better move the most of my force to Clinton.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. L. LOGAN.

Major-General GARDNER.
HEADQUARTERS,Olive Branch, May 22, 1863.

GENERAL: I find that the small pieces of artillery are not of much service; besides, I have no ammunition for them. I must have more ammunition for the pieces I have (6-pounder smooth-bore and 12-pounder howitzers), and I really think that I ought to have Roberts' entire battery. The enemy have a great deal of artillery, and, unless I have a sufficiency to cope with them, I cannot accomplish much. I am determined to annoy the enemy and hurt him at every favorable point and opportunity, on his flanks and in his rear. I am concentrating my force, as much so as I can, leaving for the present, on the Plank road and the roads toward the Comite, a small picket to watch the movements of the enemy. I send Quartermaster-Sergeant Mack with this

