
CLINTON, LA., June 3, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy attacked us this evening at 2 o'clock, 2,000 strong. After an engagement of three hours, we repulsed them and drove them from the field. Our loss, 20 killed and wounded. Enemy's loss, 20 killed, 50 wounded, and 40 prisoners. No further news from General Gardner.

JNO. L. LOGAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON.
HEADQUARTERS,Ten Miles north of Clinton, June 7, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy is moving a column of cavalry infantry, and artillery, 4,000 strong, upon Clinton. I have met his cavalry and whipped it, but, of course, will have to retire before a heavy column of infantry and artillery. I will range around through the country, and, when an opportunity offers, strike his cavalry. Banks has lost very heavily at Port Hudson, but seems determined to take the place. He of works. I have annoyed him a great deal with my little force in his rear, and he seems very uneasy for fear a heavy force be thrown in his rear. He has already burned the Manchac Bridge, that he rebuilt, for fear of being flanked.

As I have already stated, a small re-enforcement sent here will not only raise the siege of Port Hudson, but drive the enemy from the country, and, I believe, from Baton Rouge. Ten thousand men, I am confident, could accomplish all this. I hope you will pardon me for urging this matter, but the relief of General Gardner, and the importance of holding Port Hudson and protecting a large section of the finest country that we have in the Confederacy, leaving out the importance of the position as regards future movements upon New Orleans, compels me to ask for these re-enforcements. The people in his country are doing all they can for the support of our army-raising large crops of corn an potatoes. The re-enforcements I ask for can be subsisted entirely upon this country for thirty days, at least.

There is a large amount of stock in the way of beef-cattle, mules, and horses, that will fall in the hands of the enemy if we leave here. Please let me hear from you, as soon as possible, by telegraph to Osyka. Should the enemy occupy Clinton and Jackson, it will be useless for me to remain longer, as I can be of no service to General Gardner.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. L. LOGAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade of Cavalry and Mounted Infantry.

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON.

CAMP NEAR CLINTON,

June 16, 1863.

I made a dash upon the enemy's lines yesterday morning at daylight. Captured two of his camps, took 100 prisoners, including 1 major, 2

---------------

*See Johnston to Logan, June 8 and 9, Part II, p. 40.

---------------

