
captains, and 3 lieutenants, many wagons, teams, salt, arms, and negroes. My loss nothing. Enemy's loss in killed and wounded 10 to 15. Colonel Logan has arrived and will take command.

JNO. L. LOGAN,

Colonel, &amp;c.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP NEAR CLINTON,

July 1, 1863.

A party of my scouts down near Port Hudson captured Brigadier General Neal Dow, Federal Army, last night at 9 o'clock. He will be forwarded to your headquarters at once.

JNO. L. LOGAN,

Colonel.

Colonel B. S. EWELL, Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, July 3, VIA MONTGOMERY, [July] 6, 1863.

(Received at Richmond, July 9.)

Following dispatch just received:

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

On morning of 2d, at daylight, I surprised and captured Springfield Landing, the enemy's depot for landing supplies, 7 miles below Port Hudson, 6 miles in their lines, Burned their commissary and quartermaster's stores, destroyed 100 wagons, killed and wounded 140, captured 35 prisoners, paroling 22 of them. My loss, 4 killed and 10 wounded; and engaged brigade of the enemy, and held him in check until the work was done, and then retired.

JNO. L. LOGAN,

Colonel, Commadning, &c.

T. B. LAMAR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

General S. COOPER.
HEADQUARTERS NEAR JACKSON, LA.,July 8, 1863.

COLONEL: Inclosed please find a communication from Brigadier-General Green, commanding cavalry brigade, &c., west of the Mississippi River, which I forward at once for your information. They young man states to me that General Taylor has two brigades of infantry, two of cavalry, and a sufficient amount of artillery, including some 12-pounder Parrotts, and that they were mounting two 24-pounder smooth-bore pieces; that transports could not pass their batteries, but that gunboats continue to pass by, running near the east shore of the river.

I have answered the communication, and urged General Green to hold his present position and cut off enemy's supplies, and at the same time open communication with General Gardner, and provision the garrison at Port Hudson by swimming beeves across the river.

I hope from this statement you will understand the position, &c. Being on the move, I write in great haste.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. L. LOGAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Colonel B. S. EWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

