
party, I judge, numbered some 30; so far as seen were mainly in citizens' dress, and, from all the attendant circumstances, were, I am well satisfied, principally or wholly citizens of Washington.

With much respect, colonel, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. MERRILL,

Captain Company B, Fourth Massachusetts.

Lieutenant Colonel E. T. COLBY,

Commanding Fourth Massachusetts Regiment.

MAY 30, 1863.-Affair at Point Isable, Tex.

Report of Colonel James Duff, Thirty-third Texas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS LINE OF THE RIO GRANDE,Fort Brown, May 31, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report for the information of the general commanding [H. P. Bee], that on yesterday morning about 6 o'clock our launches, each carrying one gun and 35 to 40 men, from the U. S. frigate Brooklyn, effected a landing at Point Isable. On discovering of the approach of the boats, Lieutenant [J. B.] Ammons, of the Thirty-third Texas Cavalry, in command of a small detachment of 11 men at the Point, burned the schooner Eager, lying at the wharf loaded with merchandise, and retired a short distance. The Yankees fired a few rounds at our troops without any effect, and, taking possession of a small schooner which has for some time been in charge of the customhouse officer, re-embarked and left. In their haste to get off, they ran the stolen schooner aground and set her on fire.

Lieutenant Ammons approached the boats sufficiently close to get a shot at the party; with what success he is unable to report.

I regret that the detachment of my command at Point Isable was so small and so badly armed as to entirely preclude an engagement with the enemy, and I would earnestly ask that steps be taken to more thoroughly arm my regiment. I am placed in a position where the services of every man in my command are required, and it is absolutely necessary that the means be placed at my disposal to render them efficient.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

JAMES DUFF,

Colonel Thirty-third Regiment Texas Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. R. TARVER, Aide-de-Camp.

JUNE 1, 1863.-Skirmish at Berwick, La.

Reports of Brigadier General William H. Emory, U. S. Army, commanding Defense of New Orleans.

HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, June 1, 1863.

The following telegram has just been received from the quartermaster at Brashear City:

GENERAL: The advanced guard of [Alfred] Mouton attacked our guards at Berwick at 10 o'clock. Re-enforcements were sent at once across the bay, and after a few rounds from the 12-pounder howitzers in our possession, the rebels left.

