
Numbers 4.-Captain John A. Grow, Twenty-fifth New York Battery, of operations June 20-25, including engagement at La Fourche Crossing.

Numbers 5.-Lieutenant Colonel Fitz Gibbons, Ninth Connecticut Infantry, of skirmish at Chacahoula Station.

Numbers 6.-Major Henry M. Porter, Seventh Vermont Infantry, of attack on Donaldsonville.

Numbers 7.-Lieutenant Charels Emerson, One hundred and seventy-fourth New york Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, of attack on the steamboat Saint Mary's, July 8.

Numbers 8.-Brigadier General Cuvier Grover, U. S. Army, of the engagement on the La Fourche (Cox's Plantation, etc.), near Donaldsonville.

Numbers 9.-Colonel Nathan A. M. Dudley, Thirtieth Massachusetts Infantry, commanding Brigade, of engagement on the La Fourche, near Donaldsonville.

Numbers 10.-Major General Richard Taylor, C. S. Army, commanding District of Western Louisiana, of operations June 23-July 13.

Numbers 11.-Brigadier General Alfred Mouton, C. S. Army, of operations June 22-July 4.

Numbers 12.-Colonel James P. Major, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of operations June 10-24.

Numbers 13.-Captain T. A. Faries, Louisiana Battery, of attacks on gunboats and transports on the Mississippi River, July 7- 10, and operations near Donaldsonville, July 12-13.

Numbers 14.-Major Sherod Hunter, Baylor's (Texas) Cavalry, commanding Mosquito Fleet, of the capture of Brashear City.

Numbers 15.-Brigadier General Thomas Green, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of operations June 22-July 13.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General William H. Emory, U. S. Army, commanding Defenses of New Orleans, of operations June 7-28.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 23, 1863.

COLONEL: The fight at La Fourche Crossing the afternoon of the 21st was a most creditable thing to our troops and to Colonel Stickney, who commanded them. With less than 1,000 men, he was attacked by Colonel Major's whole force, four regiments of Texas, and artillery. He repulsed them, leaving 53 of the enemy's dead upon the field, and 16 prisoners. His wounded he carried off, and we have no means of knowing. Our loss was 8 killed and 16 wounded.

Colonel Cahill, with the re-enforcements, is now looking after the enemy. All of enemy's men are mounted, and it is difficult, if not impossible, to catch them without cavalry. Colonel Cahill reports continuous and heavy firing both in the direction of Donaldsonville and Brashear. It cannot be both; it must be Brasher City.

The enemy's forces are all composed of troops fresh from Texas. They report this as the advance of Magruder's army. Doubtful; but, as they passed so near you, it would be well to send over some cavalry to ascertain if this be so.

The enemy captured a parcel of sick in Thibodeaux, whose presence there was utterly unknown to me. By whom left there, or by what authority, I have no acknowledge.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

