
Two companies, however, sent there by your order, belonging to the Twenty-third Connecticut, and also the battery of the Twenty-first Indiana, fought bravely.

In this connection, I turn with pleasure to the occurrences which took place immediately after at Donaldsonville. On the 27th, I received notice that Donaldsonville was threatened. I ordered the place to be held at every cost, sent up re-enforcements under Major Clark, and communicated the information to Admiral Farragut, who sent up an additional gunboat; both arrived in time. At half past 1 on the morning of the 28th, the enemy made a furious assault upon the little fort, and continued the attack till daybreak, when they were finally repulsed, losing 100 killed, 120 prisoners, including several officers of rank, and many wounded, of which we have no account. Too much praise cannot be given to Major Bullen and his command, as well as to the officers and men who manned the gunboats that participated in repelling the attack. Our loss was only 16 killed and wounded.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. E. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,July 21, 1863.

SIR: I inclose you herewith the report of Lieutenant-Colonel Stickney* of the action at La Fourche on June 23 [20 and 21], which should have accompanied my report of June 30, but, although dated July 1, it only reached me yesterday morning.

This affair was very creditable to Colonel Stickney and the troops engaged, and I take great pleasure in forwarding his report. I regret that the murder of Major Bullen, a few days after the brilliant defense at Donaldsonville, and before he made his report, has been the reason why no detailed account of that affair has been sent. About the time of his murder, re-enforcements came from above, and a report from the next in command may have gone through Lieutenant-Colonel Hadlock, who commanded those re-enforcements. If so, it was irregular, and I request, if there is no objection, that I may be furnished with a copy of said report, as much dissatisfaction-no doubt unfounded-exists with those engaged in the defense with what is understood to be, from some source or another, the official report of the affair. I refer move particularly to the complaints made by the officers of the navy, who had three gunboats in the fight, and whose presence undoubtedly aided materially, if they did not absolutely prevent the capture of the place.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN, Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,July 23, 1863.

COLONEL: Owing to the detach of Major Bullen, I received no report of the defense of the fort at Donaldsonville, and the only report of that

---------------

*See p. 192.

---------------

