
battle which has been received by me is from Major H. M. Porter, which has been this day received, and which I herewith inclose.*.

I am sorry the report is not more in detail, that I might signalize the officers and men of both the army and navy+ who took part in this heroic and brilliant defense. The men were composed of two reduced companies of the Twenty-eighth Maine, and a party of convalescents from various regiments, hastily drawn together in this city and sent up by me to meet the emergency.

In addition to the Princess Royal, commanded by Captain Woolsey, and the Winona, commanded by Captain Weaver, justly mentioned by Major Porter as having distinguished themselves in the actinon, I beg the privilege of mentioning Captain Waters, of the Kineo, and the officers and crew of that ship, who rendered me the greatest assistance in enabling me to place the proper ammunition in that fort, and instructing the men, all of whom were infantry, totally unpracticed in artillery, in use of the guns.

These 180 men, with the three gunboats, repelled an assault of the enemy, numbering 5,000, capturing 130 prisoners, including 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 2 captains, and 5 lieutenants, all of whom were delivered to me in this city, and killing and wounding at what is estimated at 350 of the enemy, among them Colonel [Joseph] Phillips and several other officers known to be of high rank. By this repulse, combined with that at La Fourche, under Colonel Stickney, the enemy were checked in their movement upon this city and the attempt to cut communication between General Banks and his supplies.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Admiral Farragu.)

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Albert Stearns, One hundred and thirty-first New York Infantry, Provost-Marshal, of skirmish at Plaquemine.

NEW ORLEANS, LA.,

June 19, 1863.

GENERAL: I have to inform you that the down of Plaquemine was attacked about 6.30 a. m. on the 18th instant by about 300 Confederate cavalry. They succeeded in capturing Lieutenant Witham and 22 men of the Twenty-eighth Regiment Maine Volunteers, whose names are annexed.# I and 13 of my men succeeded in making our escape. Upon the approach of the cavalry, they were fired upon by my men, killing 1 man, and, as I have since learned, wounding 2 others, but their force was such that further resistance was useless, and the palace was surrendered to them. Upon gaining possession of the tow, they immediately proceeded to Bayou Plaquemine, where the steamboat Lasykes was ground, fired upon and wounded 1 man who was on board, and then sent her on fire. They also captured the officers and crew of the steamboat Anglo-American, wounding 1 of her men, and then set her

---------------

*See p. 202.

---------------

+See Emory to Farragut, July 21, p. 650.

#Names omitted.

