
posts. But I regret to say that the train in waiting on the track left at the commencement of the fight without orders, carrying away some cowardly soldiers, and that during the battle some few left their ranks and sought shelter near and behind the railroad.

Had the enemy brought up his reserve, which was in line at no great distance, at the time the cannoneers deserted their guns, or had he made his attack on the right flank with equal force and with the same persisted energy as was displayed upon our front, perhaps the result might have been different, although our troops, for the most part, stood manfully under so close a fire. Our men remained in line under arms the whole night, but there was no further attack.

The next morning a flag of truce came in, requesting permission to bury their dead and carry away their wounded. This was granted, on condition that all the wounded men outside the camp lines should be paroled; that none of their drivers should come within our outposts, and that all wounded should be retained who were within our camp. As they agreed to these conditions, our drivers were engaged with the ambulances of the enemy during the morning in carrying to Thibodeaux the dead and wounded.

About 11 a. m. Colonel Cahill arrived with the Ninth Connecticut Volunteers, a detachment of the Twenty sixth Massachusetts, and the other section of the New York Battery, and took command of the forces at La Fourche. Major Morgan, commanding the One hundred and seventy-sixth New York Regiment, through the action encouraged his men, and to him is due, in a great degree, the fine conduct that they showed. Captain Jenkins, commanding the Twenty-third Connecticut, displayed the greatest bravery and coolness. A Confederate officer seized him by the throat, demanding a surrender. The assault was immediately returned in precisely the same manner, when one of Captain Jenkins men bayoneted the Confederate.

Lieutenant Starr, of the Twenty-third Connecticut, was the only commissioned officer injured in the action. He as wounded in the high, and afterward died in consequence of amputation and ensuing weakness.

I desire particularly to mention Sergt. John Allyn, Company A, Forty-seventh Massachusetts Regiment, who has been with me since I was ordered to Brashear City, and has at all times rendered the most valuable service, going on dangerous scouts, once inside the enemy's lines, and showing at all times the greatest courage and remarkably sound judgment. His thorough knowledge of the country and habit of reporting facts only were of the greatest assistance to me.

Very respectfully,

ALBERT STICKNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forces at La Fourche.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4 Report of Captain John A. Grow, Twenty-fifth New York Battery, of operations June 20-25, including engagement at La Fourche Crossing.

METARIE RACE COURSE, July 5, 1863.

SIR: An indisposition has prevented me from sending you an account of the movements of my battery since the 20th ultimo at an earlier

