
in considerable force in an open country in front, under cover of some small buildings and fences, I considered it prudent to return after engaging him one hour; I also heard the gun fired from La Fourche Crossing as a signal to return.

Sergt. Peter Donnely and Private Charles Reynolds, of Company C, were taken prisoners of war, and on the 26th of June, 1863, were paroled at La Fourche Crossing, La. Our loss was 3 wounded.

* * *

We arrived at Raceland at daylight next morning, where we halted until the afternoon of the 25th instant, when we were ordered to take a train of cars for Algiers, and the same night reached Lafayette Square, our former quarters, where we now are.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD FITZ GIBBONS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Ninth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

HORACE J. MORSE,

Adjutant-General, State of Connecticut.

Numbers 6. Reports of Major Henry M. Porter, Seventh Vermont Infantry, of attack on Donaldsonville.

DONALDSONVILLE,

June 28, 1863.

GENERAL: The enemy attacked us at 1.30 o'clock this morning, and fought until daylight. We expect another attack, and need 400 or 500 more men very much. We have taken 120 prisoners, some of them officers. One colonel, 1 major, and 1 lieutenant were known to be killed. Our loss, 5 or 6 killed and a few wounded.

Princess Royal, Kineo, and Winona are here. I think we can hold the place, but we need more men. Our troops fought splendidly.

Your obedient servant,

H. M. PORTER,

Major, and Provost-Marshal, Commanding Post.

General EMORY.

OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Donaldsonville, July 1, 1863.

GENERAL: I take the liberty to respectfully submit to you a few facts in regard to be brilliant victory achieved by the army and navy at this place on the morning of the 28th of June.

About 4.30 p. m. of the 27th, General Green, commanding the rebel forces, sent a message, under a flag of truce, to Major [Joseph D.] Bullen, Twenty-eighth Maine Regiment, commandant of the post, requesting permission to notify the women and children within 3 miles of the fort to remove, or that Major Bullen should so notify them. Major Bullen replied that he would have the women and children removed.

I immediately sent both telegrams and couriers up and down the river for more gunboats, the Princess Royal only being here.

At 1.30 o'clock on the morning of the 28th, the enemy, about 5,000 strong, attacked both the fort and the gunboat with infantry and ar-

