
tillery, and continued fighting until 4.30 a. m. They fought with

great desperation, but were nobly driven back by the combined efforts of the garrison and the gunboats.

The great number of rebel dead and dying revealed by the morning light, lying on the very banquette of the fort, showed very plainly how hot and warmly contested had been the fight on shore, and the many dead and wounded at a distance proved how effective had been the services of the large guns upon land and water.

There were but 180 men in the fort, and this was the first engagement for most of them. Nobly did both officers and men acquire themselves.

This was also the first engagement of the Princess Royal, commanded by Captain [M. B.] Woolsey, and with great coolness and daring did both officers and men perform their duties.

The Winona, commanded by Captain [A. W.] Weaver, came to our aid at 3.30 a. m., and gallantly did she assist in bringing to a successful issue their closely contested battle.

Our loss on shore: Killed, 1 lieutenant,* sergeant, and 6 privates; wounded, 2 lieutenants, 3 sergeants, 2 corporals, and 6 privates. On the Princess Royal, 1 killed and 2 wounded.

Enemy's loss probably 350 killed and wounded; 1 colonel, 1 major and 2 lieutenants known to be killed, and 4 lieutenants wounded. One hundred and thirty prisoners were taken; among them were 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 2 captains, and 5 lieutenants.

Hoping and believing that if the rebels attack us again they will meet with an equally warm reception, I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

H. M. PORTER,

Major, and Provost-Marshal.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,

Commanding, New Orleans.

Numbers 7. Report of Lieutenant Charles Emerson, One hundred and seventy-fourth New York Infantry, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, of attack on the steamboat Saint Mary's, July 8.

NEW ORLEANS,

July 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report my arrival here this morning, and the delivery of the dispatches to General Emory and Colonel Holabird. General Emory said that he wished to send a dispatch to General Banks by me, and this I am expecting. Also, for your information, I have the honor to report that the steamer Saint Mary's was fired upon by artillery at three places on her way down this a. m.

First, about 8 miles below Donaldsonville. Here by about four light pieces, say 12-pounders; the gunboats accompanied her by this battery.

Second, at College Point. Here, so far as I could judge, by only a single piece (light), but also at this point she was exposed to quite a severe fire of riflemen.

Third, at Fifty-five Mile Point. Here I should think that from four to six pieces bore upon her, mostly rifled (through all light pieces, none

---------------

*Lieutenant Isaac Murch, Twenty-eighth Maine.

---------------

