
heavier than 3-inch or 12-pounder). Here she was struck five times, a conical shell and a spherical case shot bursting in her, with no damage to life or any of consequence to the ship.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

C. EMERSON,

Second Lieutenant 174th New York Infantry, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Colonel IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 8. Report of Brigadier General Cuvier Grover, U. S. Army, of engagement on the La Fourche (Cox's Plantation, &amp;c.), near Donaldsonville.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Donaldsonville, La., July 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that yesterday, in the afternoon, the enemy attacked General Weitzel's advance guard, consisting of Dudley's bridge, supported by one the brigade, and drove them back nearly a mile, capturing two 6-pounder rifled pieces, with two limbers and 7 rounds of ammunition. The enemy supposed to be about 800 strong, with three or four pieces of artillery. Weitzel's loss about 120; from 30 to 40 killed.

A simultaneous attack was made upon the advance guard on my division, on the opposite side of the bayou, consisting of my First Brigade, commanded by Colonel [Joseph S.] Morgan, by a force of not over 400. Colonel Morgan fell back without cause, losing 30 or 40 pickets captured, 4 or 5 killed and 15 or 20 wounded. Colonel Morgan behaved badly, and I shall cause an investigation into his conduct. I should have reported this last night, but I was unable to get the full particulars till it was too late.

The gunboats had not left New Orleans yesterday. The admiral promised to send the Sachem last night or this morning to Brashear City, and the Arizona as soon as she arrived from above. There ought to be more boats than that sent around. There should be four or five, at least. Six 20-pounders will be enough, I think.

Everything is quiet this morning. Enemy's loss in the affair of yesterday now know. Could not have been great.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nineteenth Army Corps.

P. S.-Since writing the above, I have gained such other information as practicable. I think that the unnecessary and unauthorized falling back of Colonel Morgan was the cause of the loss of the tow pieces on the other side of the bayou, though it is by no means certain. The enemy's loss was probably about equal to ours. An officer, under a flag of truce to collect killed and wounded, would not state their loss, but said it was less than ours.

I think more gunboats should be sent to Brashear City, and that if more cannot be sent now, the Sachem should be detained till at least four are ready to move.

