
rear of Kock's plantation, where I felt certain I could hold my position against any force the enemy had, I directed Colonel Paine to place his whole brigade in line of battle on the Plantation road, which runs at right angles with the bayou at this point, with

instructions to hold this line while the force in front fell back and formed in his rear. These dispositions were all made before a single regiment or company excepting those belonging to the pickets moved to the rear.

This was the state of affairs when the general commanding the division arrived on the field and ordered the whole force to gradually fall back on this point, which order was executed without any panic or excitement on the part of the troops that were under my observation.

Had I had any means of protecting my left flank, I feel confident that our loss would have been very much less, and the service would not have to mourn the loss of so many of its gallant soldiers. Among this number was Second Lieutenant De Van Postley, One hundred and seventy-fourth New York Volunteers, who was killed while endeavoring, with Lieutenant Haley, Captains Shipley, Fiske, and Lieutenant Barker, of the Thirtieth Massachusetts, with Captain Van Denbergh, of the One hundred and seventy-fourth New York and others, to save one of the First Maine Battery pieces.

I am unable to account for the loss of the Napoleon gun belonging to the Sixth Massachusetts Battery. It was reported disabled early in the morning, and I directed it to be sent to the rear for repairs. It was taken 1 miles to the rear of our advance, nearly remounted, and, notwithstanding the artificers had fully one hour to withdraw it, they failed to do so.

Captain Barrett, of the Louisiana Cavalry, with his company, was efficient and prompt in giving me information constantly of the change of position of the rebels.

Captains Speed and Whittier, with Lieutenants Dean and Loring, of my staff, each rendered most valuable service during the day in the transmittal of orders and obtaining information of the movements of the enemy.

I have made this report more full than may seen necessary, but I was anxious, under the circumstances, that the general commanding might know the exact disposition made of the forces assigned to my command.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. A. M. DUDLEY,

Colonel, and Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade, &amp;c.

Captain W. W. CARRUTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10. Reports of Major General Richard Taylor, C. S. Army, commanding District of Western Louisiana, of operations June 23-July 13.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Shreveport, La., June 29, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith Major-General Taylor's report of his operations in Lower Louisiana. It having been found impracticable to do anything toward the relief of Port Hudson by oper-

14 R-VOL XXVI, PT I

