
ations opposite, General Taylor has, pursuant to the plan of operations, made a demonstration east of the La Fourche and on the Lower Mississippi, with the hopes that his operations may induce or compel General Banks to raise the siege of Port Hudson.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

[Indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., July 21, 1863.

Captain [R. G. H.] KEAN:

Please submit this letter at once to the honorable Secretary. The President requests his immediate attention. As the messenger to General E. K. Smith leaves this afternoon, any action to be taken at the War Department must be prompt.

Very respectfully,

BURTON N. HARRISON,

Private Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Brashear City, June 23, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that we stormed the position of the enemy this morning. We crossed Berwick Bay in skiffs, stormed the forts, drove off the enemy's gunboats, and captured over 1,000 prisoners, ten heavy guns (among them the side piece I was forced to abandon in my retreat in April), two trains of cars,with engines complete, large numbers of small-arms, ordnance, &amp;c., and thousands of dollars in stores.

I received a dispatch from Colonel [J. P.] Major last evening. He had reached Thibodeaux on the 21st, having carried all before him. I determined to act at once to secure co-operation with him. Our loss is small, as the forts were stormed with the bayonet, the men being forbidden to load. I am using every exertion to forward on the troops to form a junction with Major.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Brigadier-General [W. R.] BOGGS, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Brashear, June 24, 1863.

GENERAL: This morning at dawn we formed a junction with Colonel Major at the Boeuf, 7 miles from this, capturing all between us. Colonel Major lost 31 killed and 18 wounded. He captured 500 prisoners, 2,000 negroes, 1,000 horses and mules, burned three large sea steamers in the Mississippi, and took four fine heavy guns. He has distinguished himself above praise, and I desire him to receive his promotion. He has most richly earned it.

The quantity of quartermaster's and commissary and ordnance stores

