
the fall of New Orleans. I purpose making the place as strong as the means at my disposal will permit, as the bay is the key to this whole section. The railroad has been repaired, and the first train passed the Thibodeaux to-day. The telegraph will soon be in operation from Bayou des Allemands to new Iberia, and I hope to find wire to extend the line to Alexandria. The events since my last report are as follows:

On the 24th ultimo, we drove the enemy from Raceland Station so rapidly that he abandoned four field pieces, one of them being the 12-pounder gun left disabled at Bisland on April 13 last.

On the 28th, the advance on the railroad reached Bayou des Allemands, where the enemy abandoned another field piece.

On the 1st instant, we held Boutte Station, 20 miles from New Orleans. I am now pushing for the Barataria Canal, behind which the enemy have been routed. defensive works were erected along this canal before the fall of New Orleans, and I shall make a close reconnaissance in person before I attack in front. A boat expedition through Lake Washa can turn these works, and I shall probably adept this route if I decide to strike at the city. Brigadier-General Green, with his own and [James P.] Major's brigades, pushed up the La Fourche toward Donaldsonville, the vicinity of which point they reached on the 26th ultimo. General Green dispatched thence to General Mouton, at Thibodeaux, that an examination of the enemy's fort induced him to withhold an attack, as he could plant his guns on the river below Donaldsonville, to interrupt the enemy's transports. He represented the fort in the angle between the river and bayou mounting five guns, manned by 300 or 400 men, surrounded by a 16-foot ditch, with stockades running to the bayou and river. Five gunboats lying near. General Mounton approved of General Green's course in declining to attack, as appears from his indorsement on the report. This reached me en roue from Franklin. On arriving here, however, I learned Green had made the attack on the morning of the 28th, and been repulsed with severe loss. At Thibodeaux, General Mounton informed me our loss had been 276 officers and men. In the absence of official report from General Green, General Mouton cannot account for the change of purpose shown in attacking.

Our men seem to have acted with the most heroic daring. They stormed the work, overthrew the garrison, and captured the guns, when the fleet in the river opened on both parties and forced us to retire, with the above very heavy loss. In forwarding the report of General Green I will show all the facts, more especially as I will be near the scene to-morrow.

Meanwhile a column has been pushed down the river below Saint Charles Court-House, some 20 miles from New Orleans, finding no enemy. Colonel Major is on the river, 10 miles from Donaldsonville, with six rifled guns, and expects to prevent transports, at least, from passing. One of my scouts has returned from the city with journals up to the 1st. The city is greatly excited. Enemy have worked nigh and day to remove negroes and stores from Algiers to the other side. A steamer for New york was stopped, all her passengers put ashore, and she was sent to Pensacola to bring the garrison to New Orleans. She returned with about 600 men. I hoped to hear this evening on my return to Thibodeaux more news from the city. I may succeed in establishing important relations there, so as to justify a coup. A party has been sent over the river to cut the telegraph from Baton Rouge and gather intelligence. Another party for the same purpose has been sent to Plaquemine, on this side. Banks army is undoubtedly much reduced

