
The enemy, over 4,000 strong, advanced to-day 6 miles from Donaldsonville, where he was met by General Green, with his own and a part of [James P.] Major's brigade (in all 1,200 men), and driven from the field, with a loss of 500 in killed and wounded, some 300 prisoners, three pieces of artillery, many small-arms, and the flag of a New York regiment. The gallant and noble Green, dismounting from his horse, placed himself at the head of his old regiment, captured the enemy's guns, and drove his forces into the fort and under the guns of the fleet. In the generalship and daring of the commander, and in the devotion of the troops, this action will compare favorably with any I have witnessed during the war.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 11. Report of Brigadier General Alfred Mouton, C. S. Army, of operations June 22-June 4.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES SOUTH OF RED RIVER,Thibodeaux, La., July 4, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to instructions from Major General R. Taylor, commanding District of Western Louisiana, on June 22, after surmounting difficulties amounting to almost impossibilities, i succeeded in collecting some thirty-seven skiffs and other row-boats near the mouth of the Teche, with a view to co-operate from the west side of the Atchafalaya with Colonel Major's command, then on the La Fourche. An expedition, numbering 325 gallant volunteers from the different regiments under my command, under the gallant Major Sherod Hunter, of [George W.] Baylor's regiment, started at 6 p. m. to turn the enemy's stronghold at Brashear City. General Thomas Green, with the Fifth Texas Mounted Volunteers, the Second Louisiana Cavalry, [E.] Walker's Texas Battalion, and the Valverde and [W. H.] Nichols' batteries, advanced under cover of night to opposite the enemy's camp. The Seventh Texas, Lieutenant-Colonel [P. T.] Herbert commanding; the Fourth Texas, Lieutenant-Colonel [G. J.] Hampton, and Baylor's regiment were thrown across the Atchafalaya to Gibbon's Island during the night. General Green was to attract the enemy's attention and fire, while the troops on Gibbon's Island were to be thrown across to the support of Major Huner as soon as the boats returned from the latter's landing point, in rear of the enemy's position.

Everything remained quiet, and the enemy were aware of our purpose only when awakened by the shots from the Valverde Battery. The enemy's whole attention was drawn to General Green's position, the land batteries concentrating their fire upon him, while their gunboats shamefully retreated in the beginning of the action.

At about 6.30 a. m. of the 23d, the shouts from Hunter's party were heard in the rear of the railroad depot. Our gallant men charged the enemy's guns one after the other, and, when they arrived near the main fort (Buchanan), the garrison surrendered without a struggle. The enemy surrendered a force of over 1,200 men, strongly posted and in-

