
I will again in this report particularly mention Private Alfred Fusilier, to whose indomitable energy and devotion to duty I owe mostly the successful collecting of boats for Major Hunter's expedition.

Accompanying this report please find those of General Green, Colonel Major, and Major Hunter.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFR. MOUTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Western Louisiana.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Thibodeaux, July 6, 1863.

The zeal, energy, and ardor manifested by Brigadier-General Mouton, commanding forces south Red River, merit the highest praise.

The conduct of Brigadier-General Green fully justified the high expectations which I had formed, based upon the previous services of this officer in the field under my own observation.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 12. Report of Colonel James P. Major, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of operations June 10-24.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Napoleonville, June 30, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade since June 10:

Pursuant to orders received from your headquarters, dated 8th instant, I left Washington on the 10th, and arrived at Morgan's Ferry, on the Atchafalaya, on the 11th. I was detained there one day in making preparations to cross the river, the entire command, owing to conflicting orders, not arriving until 14th, and on the 15th I moved for Hermitage; arrived within 5 miles the same night; found the bridge burned across Bayou Sara; halted until daylight; then moved on Waterloo, 4 miles above Hermitage. The enemy were re-enforced from Banks' army at Port Hudson. I made demonstrations of an attack during the day. At night drove in the enemy's pickets, and under cover of darkness withdrew my force, leaving a strong picket force in the rear, and moved for Grossetete [Bayou].

On 17th, went down Grossetete [Bayou] to Rosedale; fed horses and men. At dark started for Indian Village; arrived at 2 a. m. on 18th; crossed [Joseph] Phillips' regiment, who made a dash into Plaquemine, taking 87 prisoners, burning 3 fine steamers, 2 steam flats, 100 bales of cotton, and capturing a large quantity of commissary stores. There were no facilities for crossing Bayou Plaquemine; it took until 5 p. m. to cross entire brigade.

At 6 p. m. started down Mississippi River, and at daylight on 19th arrived at Bayou Goula. In marching down the bank of the river, three large gunboats passed the column, but did not discover us. As an

