
the opposite bank, some distance below Battery Numbers 1. I immediately ordered embrasures to be cut for the two rifled pieces and the heavy 12-pounder bearing directly on her broadside. Before half of this work could be done, the Genesee sloop of war and iron-clad Essex appeared, coming from below. The Genesee covered the New London with her larger hull, and she was soon after lashed to her for the purpose of towing away. Meanwhile the Essex, to cover these preparations, approached my position, and, when nearly opposite, opened on us with 11 and 15 inch guns, firing slowly, either to draw my fire, or because it was so-evident her heavy projectiles had very little effect on 12-foot Mississippi River levee-the best of earthworks. The sloop and gunboats being out of range of most of my guns, I considered it useless to waste my light projectiles on the iron sides of the Essex, which may be regarded as fortunate, as I received orders soon after she commenced firing to retire in the direction of Assumption Church, on Bayou La Fourche, as speedily as possible, as our flank was now really threatened by a strong force on the River road, coming from Donaldsonville (where General Weitzel had arrived with one or more Federal brigades from Port Hudson). Not receiving any reply to her fire, the Essex retired slowly, firing at long intervals, until she rejoined the Genesee and New London below, where the three vessels were lashed together and steamed down the river. I then limbered up, and retired to the Cut-off road leading to Assumption Church, before referred to, and reached this place, 4 miles above to church, at 4 p. m. to-day,with the six pieces of my battery, Lieutenant Jones, with his 12-pounder, having rejoined Cornay's battery, with General Mouton's infantry, below the church.

Lieutenant [Henry] Angel, commanding a section of Captain [Thomas] Gonzales' (Texas) battery, which was in position at Battery Numbers 1 on the 7th and 8th instant, above the rifle section, after the firing on the 8th of July, in which it participated, was withdrawn, and ordered to report to Brigadier General T. Green, commanding Texas Cavalry Brigade, on the left or west bank of Bayou La Fourche. I received no report of the shots fired by this section. I have no casualties to report.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. FARIES,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Captain H. T. WADE, Jr.,

Chief of Artillery, Major's Brigade, Texas Cavalry.

IN THE FIELD, BAYOU LA FOURCHE, LA.,

Near Assumption Church, July 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Sunday night, the 12th instant, the rifle section of this battery, under First Lieutenant B. F. Winchester, moved forward up the Bayou road, and at 8.30 o'clock that night reached Kock's lower plantation, and reported to Colonel Lane, commanding the force of Texas cavalry in front, on the east bank of the bayou.

At 4.30 a. m. on Monday, the 13th of July instant, moved forward toward Donaldsonville, and at 5 a. m. opened with shell on the enemy's skirmishers in a grove and thicket at Wilson's, driving them out; again advanced with the cavalry, and, shelling Hewitt's sugar-house, drove the enemy from that shelter. This section was here under a very severe fire from four pieces of the enemy on the west or right bank of Bayou La Fourche. The Confederate line on that side of the bayou had not advanced as rapidly as our line on the east bank, which sub-

