
jected this section and its support of dismounted cavalry to a fire on their flank from infantry and four filed howitzers of the enemy, who were protected by the levee on the opposite bank. This continued until about 9 a. m., when Lieutenant Garrett, with his section of 6-pounder smooth-bore guns, took position to the right of the road, just below Kock's upper sugar-house, then occupied by the enemy's infantry. A rapid fire with solid shot and special case from the tow 6-pounder caused them to abandon this shelter hastily. This section then returned to the Bayou road, and in front of Hewitt's plantation was fired on from the opposite bank of the bayou. Lieutenant S. R. Garrett immediately returned the fire, and drove this force from the sheller of the levee on the right bank.

At 10 a. m. the left section, two 12-pounder field howitzers, under Lieutenant O. Gaudet, was moved forward, relieving Lieutenant Garrett, the Bayou road being the only way of advancing, and only two pieces could occupy it at the same time in battery. The howitzers were engaged with the enemy's skirmishers on both banks of the bayou and their artillery on the left bank from 11 a. m. up to 3 p. m., firing and moving forward by hand for long distances, the road between the levee and fences making it impracticable to limber up promptly. Defective friction primers prevented the pieces of the right and left sections from firing with their accustomed rapidity. About 3.30 p. m. we passed the abandoned camp of the-Kentucky (Federal) Regiment. A shot distance above, halted for some time, the enemy on both sides of the Bayou La Fourche having been driven to the Mississippi River, under the guns of several gunboats and Fort Butler, on the west bank of the bayou.

About 5 p. m. received orders to retire, and moved down the bayou to Assumption Church, where the guns were parked for the night.

The conduct of the officers and men of the three sections was most creditable. To rifle section fired seventy-fire time-fuse shell and one solid shot. Casualties, 1 man slightly wounded. The center section fired fifty-three spherical case and ten solid shot. No casualties. One horse killed. Total casualties, 2 men slightly wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. FARIES,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Captain H. F. WADE, Jr.,

Chief of Artillery, Major's Brigade, Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 14. Report of Major Sherod Hunter, Baylor's (Texas) Cavalry, commanding Mosquito Fleet, of the capture of Brashear City.

BRASHEAR CITY, June 26, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you the result of the expedition placed under my command by your order June 20.

In obedience to your order, I embarked my command, 325 strong, on the evening of June 22, at the mouth of Bayou Teche, in forty-eight skiffs and flats, collected for that purpose. Proceeding up the Atchafalaya into Grand Lake, I halted, and muffled oars and again struck, and, after a steady pull of about eight hours, reached the shore in the rear of

