
the officers commanding the detachments which composed his expedition, and earnestly suggest that they may be brought to the notice of the Government.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 15. Reports of Brigadier General Thomas Green, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of operations June 22-July 13.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST CAVALRY BRIGADE,Near Pancon, on the La Fourche, June 30, 1863.

GENERAL: Early in this month I was ordered by you to the Lower Teche, for the purpose of reconnoitering the enemy at Brashear, and to collect together and fit up light boats preparatory to making a descent upon the enemy, if practicable. While engaged in the execution of these orders, you came down and assumed command, ordering me to advance toward the bay.

On the night of the 22nd instant, in accordance with orders, I moved to Cochran's sugar-house, 2 miles distant from the bay, with the Fifth Texas, Second Louisiana Cavalry, and Waller's battalion, and the Valverde and a section of Nichols' batteries, leaving our horses at that place. I advanced the troops above mentioned on foot before daylight to the village of Berwick, opposite the enemy's encampment.

At the dawn of day, finding the enemy quiet and asleep, I opened fire upon him from the Valverde Battery. The first shot exploded in the center of his encampment, causing the grates confusion, the distance being only about 900 yards. We fired about 40 or 50 shots from our battery into the enemy before he replied to us at all. The first shot from the enemy before he replied to us at all. The first shot from the enemy was fired onus from his gunboat, which was at anchor int the bay a short distance below our position. After daylight the gunboat advanced toward us as if to contest with our battery the position we occupied on the water's edge, but a few well-directed shots from the Valverde Battery drove the boat 1 miles below, where she opened on us with her heavy guns. About the same time several batteries from the opposite shore opened on us. The shot of the enemy was so well directed that we found it necessary several times to shift the position of our guns and caissons. The heavy gun on shore which first opened fire on us from the principal fort above Brashear, with the garrison of that fort, was brought down nearly opposite my position, and opened fire on me. With the running of the gunboat, and drawing out this heavy gun an most of the garrison from Fort Buchanan, left the waters above free to the approach of Major [Sherod] Hunter's command in our little flotilla to Tiger Island. Major Hunter, who had moved under your orders from the mouth of the Teche during the night of the 22nd on board our Mosquito Fleet, landed unperceived and unsuspected by the enemy, above their defenses, and, making his way through the swamp, about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 23rd attacked the enemy in his rear while I was occupying him in front, completely surprising and routing him.

The enemy surrendered their defenses and the town of Brashear to Major Hunter about 7.30 o'clock on the morning of the 23d. Major Hunter's command consisted of about 300 men from Baylor's, the Fifth Texas, and Waller's battalion, and Second Louisiana Cavalry (picked

15 R-VOL XXVI, PT I

