
accounted for on the ground of the enemy's panic in our first impetuous charge, which was kept up during the action, giving them little time to rally and to collect together their broken forces.

I remained in the vicinity of the enemy for two days after the battle of the 13th, and until ordered to move toward the bay, during which time the enemy remained quietly in and around the fort, making no demonstrations toward us whatever, and not even following us with their pickets.

This victory completely paralyzed the enemy in our rear, and enabled us to move from the La Fourche after the fall of Vicksburg and Port Hudson without molestation.

Respectfully submitted.

THOMAS GREEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major LOUIS BUSH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Vermillionville.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, August 9, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. In a previous report I took occasion to express my high appreciation of the conduct of Brigadier General Green and his command in this action.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

JULY 7-AUGUST 19, 1863.-Operations against Navajo Indians in New Mexico.

Report of Colonel Christopher Carson, First New Mexico Cavalry, commanding expedition.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 5, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose for the information of the War Department copies of the following enumerated communications relating to operations against the Navajo Indians in this department:

I. Letter from Colonel Christopher Carson, First new Mexico Volunteers, commanding Navajo expedition, dated Camp at Pueblo Colorado, N. Mex., July 24, 1863, to these headquarters.

II. Letter from Colonel Carson, commanding Navajo expedition, dated Camp at Pueblo Colorado, N. Mex., July 24, 1863, to these headquarters.

III. Letter from myself of Colonel Carson, commanding expedition against the Navajos, dated August 28, 1863.

IV. Letter from Colonel Carson, commanding Navajo, expedition, dated Camp at Pueblo Colorado, N. Mex., August 19, 1863.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.

