
I have directed Major Cummings to send out a party to-morrow to bring in all the grain on this creek, which will amount to over 75,000 pounds of wheat and a large amount of corn. The later, when dried, will answer for fodder for the animals in the winter. I would have permitted all the grain in this vicinity to have ripened, but that it is hoped you will change the location of the depot, there being neither grass, timber, nor anything like a sufficiency of water any place in this neighborhood for their purpose.

I forwarded with Captain Cutler the resignations of Chaplain Taladrid and Captain McCabe, and request that you will accept them, as well as all others which I may forward you, as I do not wish to have any officer in my command who is not contented or willing to put up with as much inconvenience and privations for the success of the expedition as I undergo myself. I respectfully urge that, in the event of your accepting the resignation of Captain McCabe, Lieutenant Brady be promoted to the vacant captaincy.

Respectfully, yours,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First New Mexico Volunteers.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico, Santa Fe.

III.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., August 18, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 24th ultimo, in relation to the disposition to be made of captured Navajo women and children, and to say in reply that all prisoners which are captured by the troops or employees of your command will be sent to Santa Fe by the first practicable opportunity after they are, from time to time, brought in as prisoners. There must be no exception to this rule. Here the superintendent of Indian affairs and myself will make such dispositions as to their future care and destination as may seem most humane and proper. All horses, mules, or other stock which the troops or employed under your command may capture belong to the United States, and will be reported to department headquarters. The horses and mules will be turned over to your chief quartermaster, who will have them carefully branded U. S., and used in the public service. These he will account for on his property returns. But to stimulate the zeal of the troops and employees who have captured horses and mules from the Navajos, or who may hereafter make such captures from those Indians, a bonus of $20 apiece will be paid to their captors as prize-money on the delivery to the chief quartermaster of every sound, serviceable horse or mule. These will be accounted for as purchased. All sheep captured will be turned over to the chief commissary of your expedition. These will be taken up on the returns of provisions; will be properly marked; will be killed, from time to time, and issued as fresh meat to the troops and employees. The chief commissary is authorized to pay the captors of such sheep $1 per head as prize-money, and as an encouragement to renewed exertions. Every lot captured will at once be reported to department headquarters. The sheep paid for as here set forth will be taken up as purchased.

