
All other property captured from the Indians will be reported, when orders will be given as to what disposition shall be made of it.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel CHRISTOPHER CARSON,

Commanding Expedition against the Navajos, Fort Canby, N. Mex.

IV.
HEADQUARTERS NAVAJO EXPEDITION,Camp at Pueblo Colorado, N. Mex., August 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the 5th instant I left my camp, 7 miles south of Canon Bonito, with Companies B and H, First New Mexico Volunteers, dismounted, and D, G, K, and M, mounted (total strength, twelve companies, and 4 field and staff officers, and 333 enlisted men), on a scout for thirty days.

Companies G and H arrived at Defiance on the 2nd instant with their horses in very poor condition. Those of Captain Pfeiffer's company (H) were so broken down that I was reluctantly obliged to dismount his men, and leave his horses at Defiance to recruit. All of my animals showed plainly the want of grain, none of which they have had since leaving the Rio Grande, excepting such as was found growing-the property of the Navajos.

After leaving camp, I took a direction south, toward Yuni, intending to visit village, procure some guides, thence to scour the country to the Moqui and Oribi villages, and return by the Cannon de Chelly. When about two hors from camp, we found and destroyed about 70 acres to corn. There hours afterward encamped in wheat and corn fields. The wheat, about 15 acres, was fed to the animals, and the corn, about 50 across, was destroyed. Sent Sergeant Romero, of Company D, with 15 men after 2 Indians seen in this vicinity. He captured one of their horses. Distances between amps, about 15 miles.

On the night of the 4th instant, I detached Captain Pfeiffer, with Lieutenant Fitch, with 100 enlisted men, 25 of whom were mounted, and the Ute Indians, to examine the country to the right and left of the line of march.

On the 6th, after traveling about 17 miles, I found part of his detail encamped, having in charge 11 women and children, 5 of whom were taken by Captain Pfiffer's detail, besides a woman and child, the former of whom was killed in attempting to escape, and the latter accidentally, and 100 head of sheep and goats. When I arrived, Captain Pfeiffer, with the balance of his party, were out scouting. He returned about 12 o'clock at night with 2 children and 1 horse, captured. About on hour before reaching camp, bourn and destroyed 5 acres of corn.

Next morning I sent to Fort Defiance, with an escort 10 men, the 7 prisoners captured by Captain Pfeiffer, with directions to the commanding officer to forward them by the first convenient opportunity to Fort Wingate, and to request the commanding officer of that post to forward them to Los Pinos.

Continued the direction toward Zuni on the 7th, until, within about 15 miles from the village, we captured 5 Moqui Indians, who, when questioned, stated that there were Navajos with large herds in the

