
east direction, so as to strike this stream some distance south of the Pueblo Colorado. While en route on the 16th, destroyed about 50 acres of corn; several of my animals gave out and were shot.

17th.-Sent a party this morning to bring in some pack-mules which were left behind yesterday. They returned this evening with the packs, and 1 woman captured.

This forenoon I arrived at this camp, rendered memorable by the death of the brave and lamented Major Joseph Communings, who fell, shot through the abdomen by a concealed Indian. At the time of his death he was almost alone, having with him an unarmed citizen, and having left the command some time previous, contrary to my positive instructions, his death is the result of his rash bravery. I sent his body to Defiance this morning. I sent, at dark yesterday evening (dismounted), two parties of 40 men each, to examine the country in the vicinity. Before leaving the valley, one of the parties captured a woman, who was sent into camp. This morning the parties returned without having seen any Indians.

Captain Deus captured 5 horses yesterday. To-day I have sent to Defiance to recruit all the animals unable to travel, retaining only about 60.

From all I could learn from the Moqui Indians, and the captives taken, the majority of the Navajos, with their herds, are at the Little Red River, and this is confirmed by my own observation. My next scout will probably be in that direction, and will, I trust, be more successful.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain BENJ. C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe.

AUGUST 3, 1863.-Skirmish at Jackson, La.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General George L. Andrews, U. S. Army, commanding at Port Hudson.

Numbers 2.-Colonel John L. Logan, Eleventh Arkansas Infantry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General George L. Andrews, U. S. Army, commanding at Port Hudson.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, August 6, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 2nd instant I sent Lieutenant M. Handam, Sixth New York Volunteers, with a detachment of 250 infantry (colored), 50 cavalry (Third Massachusetts), and one section of the Second Vermont Battery, to Jackson, La., to collect negroes for the Twelfth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique.

Lieutenant Hanham was directed to keep his scouts and spies well out from the town, to get timely notice of the approach of the enemy in force, and to keep up frequent communication with this post.

He collected 50 negroes on Monday. Nothing unusual occurred until about 3 p. m. Monday (August 3), when some rumors were heard of the

