
It is reported that 1 or 2 of the colored soldiers who fell into the hands of the rebels have been hung, and it is certain that some of the prisoners were severely beaten. The rebels have refused to give any information concerning the officers or men of the colored troops who are in their hands. I have sent two flags of truce to the enemy at Jackson, one of inquire about our wounded and one to demand explanations from General [Colonel] Logan with regard to the treatment of colored soldiers when prisoners of war.

To the latter I have received no reply yet, General [Colonel] Logan having left Jackson with nearly all his force, leaving only a small cavalry force in the town.

I learn that our wounded belonging to the white troops are well cared for, but fear such is not the case with colored troops. The rebels hold an assistant surgeon of one of the colored regiments, and refuse to give any account of him. I have accordingly confined all the rebel surgeons at this post, and, while awaiting General [Colonel] Logan's answer to my demand for an explanation concerning his treatment of colored soldiers of this command, I have confined the rebel prisoners now at this post.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel John L. Logan, Eleventh Arkansas Infantry.

NAR JACKSON, LA.,

August 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I met the enemy a Jackson, La., yesterday evening, whipping him handsomely, driving him from the town, capturing two parrott guns, horses, ten wagons with commissary stores, killing, wounding, and capturing not less than 100 Yankees and a large number of negroes in arms. The enemy fled in the greatest confusion, leaving his dead and wounded behind him. It was a complete rout. His force was about 600 infantry (mixed colors), 150 cavalry, and two pieces of artillery. My force not so large-about 500. Our loss in killed and wounded 12.

Your dispatch of the 28th ultimo just received, and the instructions will be carried out.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. L. LOGAN,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,

Commanding Army of the West.

P. S.-What disposition shall I make of negroes captured in arms? Port Hudson is garrisoned by 7,000 Yankee troops and armed negroes. The troops that came down the river some time since went up Black River on transports.

