
AUGUST 10-13, 1863.-Mutiny at Galveston, Tex.

REPORT.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel E. F. Gray, Third Texas Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Colonel X. B. Debray, Twenty-sixth Texas Cavaly, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 3.-Colonel P. N. Luckett, Third Texas Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 4.-General Orders, Numbers 139, Headquarters of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona.

Numbers Report of Lieutenant Colonel E. F. Gray, Third Texas Infantry.

GALVESTON,

August 4, 1863.

SIR: I would respectfully and earnestly call the attention of the general commanding to the character of the provisions being issued to the troops of this regiment, and I presume, to al at this post.

The only issue now given consists of beef, molasses, and corn-meal. The latter, even when good, is exceedingly heating in its effects on the blood, and when, added to this, it is sour, dirty, weevel-eaten, and filled with ants and worms, and not bolted (and the troops without the means of siding it themselves), it becomes wholly superfluous to add that it is exceedingly unwholesome.

The daily increasing number on the sick reports fully demonstrates by the character of the diseases that the food is one if not the chief cause producing it.

Were this character of food, or even worse, the only kind which could be procured by the commissary department, I have no hesitation in saying the troops, actuated byture patriotism, would not complain. But, sir, when such is not the case, and it is a fact well know among the troops that large supplies of good and wholesome flour are in depot at Columbus and Harrisburg, I cannot but consider their murmurs in some measure just and not without reason, for I fell satisfied that wholesome food can be obtained with but little exertion.

It is with regret that I fell myself forced into the position of a complainant, but I deem it one of the first duties of a commander to watch with zealous care the welfare of those under his command, and I could not feel that I had discharged my duty to them should I fail to make these representations, which I believe it only necessary to do to have them corrected.

Accompanying this communication I send a sample of the corn-meal issued to this regiment. A casual examination will satisfy you of its unwholesomeness.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. F. GRAY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Texas Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant R. M. FRANKLIN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Second Div., Galveston, Tex.

16 R R-VOL XXVI, PT I

