
Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel X. B. Debray, Twenty-sixth Texas Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.

GALVESTON, August 11, 1863.

SIR: It is my painful duty to report to the brigadier-general commanding the sub-district the fact that the Third Regiment of Texas Infantry yesterday afternoon refused to drill and to obey the order of their officers, evincing tumultuous and riotous evidences of insubordination. The fact was reported to me by Major [J. H.] Kampman, their commanding officer who stated that he had used every effort to quell the disturbance and induce the men to return to their duty.

I was at the time at the drill-ground of my regiment, superintending their drill, but feeling that it was all-important to crush this movement in the most summary manner, I ordered my regiment to their quarters to procure ammunition, directing them to rendezvous on Broadway, where also I had ordered Captain [O. G.] Jones to bring his light battery. Colonel [H. M.] Elmore had received instructions to get his three companies under arms and proceed to a point assigned him.

At about the usual hour the Third Regiment repaired to the parade ground (the court-house square) for dress-parade. As the parade was about concluding, I advanced at the head of my column and appeared on the parade, the cavalry being stationed with loaded carbines on either flank, while the artillery, supported by Elmore's companies, advanced, took position immediately in the front, unlimbered, and loaded with canister. I then advanced to the front of the regiment, and addressed a few words to these misguided men, assuring them that military discipline must be observed and respected, no matter at what cost of life, and that I was there determined and able to so to preserve it. I then ordered, "Stack arms," which they did, though somewhat slowly; and after having marched them from their muskets, over which I placed a guard, and have since turned in to the post ordnance officer, directed Major Kampmann to march them to heir quarters, placing a sufficient guard around the premises, and to allow no man to leave his aid quarters under my pretext.

These orders were promptly carried out, and I am happy to be able to state that the men behaved in a quiet and orderly manner during the night. This morning the regiment drilled without arms the two hours which they had formerly done, but which I had of late discontinued, at the special request of the officers of this regiment, owing to the heat at that time of day, and comported themselves with order and propriety. I still keep them within their quarters, when not on drill, except the daily guard, which I am compelled still to make from this regiment, having no other to call upon; these latter mount guards without arms and receive the arms of the old guard at the guard-house, and in turn, next morning, turn over the arms to the detail relieving them.

The cases of this movement I am not yet able positively to state, but I have ordered a board of inquiry, which will be held without delay, and thoroughly investigate the whole matter, and endeavor to ascertain, if possible, the ringleaders. The movement was general, with the exception of one company (Company C), but I am convinced was brought about, as is always the case, by a few men having influence with the mass, and there are doubtless many who already regret the part they have taken. I am informed that this is not the first time this regiment has behaved in this way when they wished to gain a point, and that on

