
such previous occasion or occasions it has ended by a compromise between the officers and men, a course which, if course, I would never consent to adopt.

The rest of the garrison behaved well on the occasion, obeying all my orders with alacrity, and would, I fell sure, had the painful necessity occurred, have used their weapons with fearful accuracy and determination upon this elf-willed, rebellions body of men.

I did not send word for [Joseph J.] Cook's regiment, from the fact that they were at their drill-ground in the city, without ammunition, and it would have occupied far too much time to send them out to the various forts for their cartridges, and await their return.

So soon as the court of inquiry have examined into this painful business, and made their report, I will forward a copy thereof to the brigadier-general commanding division.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, and Acting Brigadier-General.

Captain A. N. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston.

GALVESTON,

August 12, 1863.

SIR: I write hastily, through Dr. Holland, to state that the garrison of Galveston is in a most deplorable state of discipline. The bay before yesterday Luckett's regiment refused to drill I disarmed them. Yesterday Cook's regiment refused to leave the batteries which they now hold. To attack them, I have but 150 men in Elmore's regiment, these even of doubtful disposition, and my regiment, armed with indifferent musketoons. They are, however, steady, and I am at every moment apprehending a collision between the men of Cook's regiment and them. Threats have been uttered.

I have no force to guard the ordnance armory, where the guns of Luckett's regiment have been deposited. The sappers and miners, I am just informed, refuse to work, claiming six months' pay due.

The alleged cause is the want of bread, the corn-meal now issued to the men being old and weevil-eaten, and indeed of inferior and detestable quality. No flour on hand to be issued. The true cause, I believe, I can trace to seeds of discontent spread by bad citizens, the exciting speeches lately made here by political aspirants, and the talk of paroled prisoners from Vicksburg, who are, indeed, very demolized and dissatisfied.

Brigadier General Luckett arrived here yesterday; he has to-day issued an order promising good rations, and suspending drill until further orders. I wish the compromise may bring matters to a better standing, although I doubt it, and, if so, it will be only for a few days. The arrival of [N. C.] Gould's regiment and [W. H.] Griffin's battalion here would only add fuel to the conflagration.

My position here is difficult, having to depend exclusively upon my regiment, about 300 men, who, as I have stated above, are obnoxious to the balance of the garrison.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

X. B. DEBRAY,

Colonel, and Acting Brigadier-General.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

