
Numbers 3. Report of Colonel P. N. Luckett, Third Texas Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

GALVESTON,

August 13, 1863.

SIR: On the morning of the 11th instant I learned through a telegram from Galveston that a mutiny had broken out at that place the evening before, and that the Third Regiment of Infantry had been disarmed. I immediately proceeded in person by that mornings's train to Galveston, and found, upon consultation with the officers, that great discontent and dissatisfaction pervaded almost the entire garrison, and that the afternoon before, the 11th instant, the refused to turn out for that purpose. The officers used every effort to induce them to do so, but without effect, as the men replied they were willing to do all their garrison and other duties, but were too weak to drill four hours a day, &amp;c.

This state of things was promptly reported to Brigadier-General Debray, who caused the regiment to be surrounded by Debray's regiment of cavalry, Elmore's regiment of infantry, and two light batteries at the evening or dress parade. These dispositions being made, the men were ordered to stack their arms, which they did promptly and without a word, and were marched to their quarters, and were guarded in them by Company D, Third Regiment of Infantry, Captain [J. B.] Hicks, whose men had turned our to drill.

The afternoon of that day, the 11th instant, it was stated that Cook's regiment of artillery would also refuse to drill, and at the usual hour Brigadier-General Debray visited the batteries, and found all but two of the companies at their posts, but that Company C, at Fort Magruder, were in a state of mutiny and refused a drill, as also Company-, at Fort Bankhead.

The burden of the complaints made by the men was the character of the rations issued by the commissary department, these consisting of corn-meal, molasses, and fresh beef; the two fist represented to be sour, dirty, and unwholesome.

Some of the men also complained and wished for furloughs, stating they had not been permitted to visit their families, though they had been in the service for nearly two years. The opinion of a large majority of the officers being given that there was really no disloyal sentijorrity of the officers being given that there was really no disloyal sentiment amongst the men, and also that three-fourths of the daily guard was detailed from the Third Regiment of Infantry, as usual, Brigadier-General Debray reporting that this was the case because he cold not perform the garrison duty without them; nd Lieutenant-Colonel Gray feeling well satisfied that the Third Regiment could be relied upon, I directed Brigadier-General Debray to issue an order for their arms to be restored to them. I also issued an order suspending further drills until a better class of provisions could be obtained, and have caused a board of officers to be appointed to ascertain the extent of the disaffection and the causes. Until that board had made it report, I can give no more positive statement of the affair than a mere expression of opinion, based upon the verbal statements of the officers, to the effect that it was only intended as an expression of dissatisfaction at the quality of their food, and the amount of duty required of them during the extreme hot weather, and was not promoted by any disloyalty to our cause, but that they took this course to bring their complaints

