
them; they have been ready to meet the enemy at any moment, and to "welcome him with bloody hands to hospitable graves."

Instead of taking the necessary means to inform the commanding general of the causes of their discontent, which, when properly presented, he would have promptly remedied, some few of the garrison of Galveston indicated a disposition to take the matter into their own hands. This the commanding general cannot too strongly condemn, nor can be too fully indorse the course pursued by Acting Brigadier-General Debray to reduce the insubordinate to obedience, whilst he is far from casting any censure on the course pursued by other officers in affairs which soon became so deplorably complicated. Indeed, the loyalty and devotion of the officers in their trying positions, with one or two exceptions (now the subjects of investigation), assure the commanding general that we will triumph over the domestic enemies of the country, if there be any, as we have done over those who have invaded our soil.

The very steps taken by those who originated or participated in this insubordination are calculated to defeat the object they had in view, for the commanding general will never yield to force even that which his sense of justice and propriety would have dictated. At the moment when this spirit exhibited itself, but before he had the least suspicion of dissatisfaction, the commanding general was perfecting a plan, to be laid before the lieutenant-general commanding the department, by which he hoped to obtain, by means of cotton, the full ration of coffee for all the troops on this side of the Mississippi, and to improve the ration in other respects.

Whether the lieutenant-general commanding will allow it under presence circumstances is a matter of doubt. At all events the commanding general announces to the army under his command that the most perfect obedience of all orders will be exacted from the troops, both officers and men, on the one hand, whilst every attention will be paid to their comfort, their health, and rights, under the regulations, on the other hand.

Drills will be resumed at once, under such regulations as Brigadier-General Debray may direct.

The enemy not developing his plans immediately after the fall of Vicksburg, no furloughs could with propriety be granted. Judging from movements made within the last few days by the enemy, the commanding general is of opinion that furloughs to a limited extent, and regulated by orders, can now be granted with comparative safety. These orders and regulations will be published within a few days, and the commanding general expects those who have for a moment forgotten their duties to the country and themselves to prove by their future conduct that they are still worthy of the confidence of their officers, of the country, and of their more faithful comrades.

In conclusion, the commanding general cannot too highly express his appreciation of the steadiness, patriotism, and fidelity exhibited during the late excitement by Debray's gallant regiment, by [W. G.] Moseley's light artillery, by the greater portion of the companies commanded by Captains Jones and [George R.] Dashiell, and the companies of Elmore's regiment remaining on the island, and by a portion of Cook's heavy artillery, and a small portion of the Third Texas Infantry. The country has cause to thank them, their commanding general thanks them in orders, and, above all, when they look back in after years to the events of this glorious struggle for liberty and independence, they will feel a just pride in having performed all their duties as faithful patriot soldiers, who were willing not only to shed their blood in the

