
returning from Horse Head crossing of the Pecos with 15 men of Company A, First New Mexico Volunteers, was attacked at the Rio Hondo by about 50 Indians while in camp at that point. The Indians gained possession of the camp, but were finally driven across the river, carrying with them their wounded. They soon after recrossed the river, and charged on the herd, but were again driven back with loss. In this charge Private Jose Chaves was killed. For several hours the fight was continued. The Indian force rapidly increased, and at last numbered some 200. The ammunition gave out, and the soldiers were ordered to break their rifles and make their escape, which they did. Lieutenant Marques reports the conduct of the following-named men as worthy of mention: Corporals [Blass] Brigaloa, and Jose Y. Gonzales, and Privates Santiago Torres, G. Romero, Antonio Archuleta, Jose D. Tresquez, and Jesus Lopez. All the public animals, including 10 mules, were lost in this affair. Indian loss, 6 killed.

July 22.- Captain F. P. Abreu, First New Mexico Volunteers, and Captain Emil Fritz, First Cavalry, California Volunteers, with a detachment of New Mexico and California volunteers, left Fort Stanton for the Rio Pecos, to overtake and chastise the Indians who had attacked Lieutenant Marques. After following the Indians for 45 miles, Captain Fritz came upon their camp, and captured 2 horses, 6 mules, and all the plunder of the camp. The Indians made their escape.

July 30.- Lieutenant W. H. Higdon reports that on the 30th of July, en route from Fort Union to Fort Stanton, he saw about 75 Indians driving a large herd of sheep, judged to number 20,000. Believing his party too small to attack so large a band of Indians, they were allowed to pass unmolested.

July 24.- Lieutenant John Lambert, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, reports that the Indians attacked a detachment under his command in Cook's Canon. At the first fire, Sergeant Hance, of Company H, Fifth Infantry, was wounded in his shoulder and hand; soon after, Private Queen, of Company F, was mortally wounded. Two wagons were abandoned to the Indians, also 12 mules. Private Queen died before the fight ended.

July 19.- Lieutenant-Colonel McMullen's ambulance was attacked by Indians near Paraje, and Asst. Surg. E. L. Watson, First Infantry, California Volunteers, and Private Johnson, Company G, First Infantry, California Volunteers, were killed. The escort killed two Indians and wounded others. Colonel McMullen's horse was captured by the Indians. Our loss, 1 commissioned officer and 1 private killed; 1 horse lost. Indian loss, 3 killed - wounded.

August 4.- Lieutenant B. Stevens, First New Mexico Volunteers, reports that, when returning from Cuvero to Fort Wingate, he came upon a party of Navajo Indians, 7 men and 2 boys; took them prisoners, and placed them in the guard-house at Fort Wingate.

August 6.- M. Steck, superintendent of Indian affairs, reports that a portion of the Utahs, Mohauches, and Tabahuaches had killed 9 Navajoes and captured 22 horses.

August 6.- Captain E. H. Bergmann reports that a party of Company I, First New Mexico Volunteers, in charged of a herd of beef-cattle, were attached by a body of Navajoes on the 22nd of July, near Conchas Springs. The party consisted of Sergt. Jose Lucero and Privates Juan F. Ortiz and Jose Banneras, who fought the Indians from 11 a.m. until after sundown, killing and wounding several of them. The Indians succeeded in killing Sergeant Lucero and Private Ortiz. Private Banneras, being severely wounded by eight arrow shots, gathered up the

