
in advance, was very severely wounded, though it is expected he will recover. The Indians captured his mule.

On the 3rd of October, I arrived at the Jara, about 8 miles south of the Pueblo Colorado. Lieutenant Postle here discovered an Indian, whom he pursued with 6 men. Being in advance of his party, he overtook the Indian, whom he wounded in three places, when he was himself slightly wounded by the Indian.

Captain Thompson's command has not yet arrived, but is expected on the 7th instant.

This scout, I am sorry to say, was a failure as regards any positive injury inflicted on the Navajoes; but the fatigues and hardships under gone by my command are fully compensated for by increased knowledge of the country, and of the haunts of the Navajoes with their stock.

I would respectfully call the attention of the general commanding to the fact that since leaving the river the animals of my command have had but five days' rations of corn; that since that time they have been almost constantly in the field, and operating in a country where grass has only been found at long intervals, and where the supply of water is uncertain and too irregular for marching columns. The only exception to this has been while east of Canon de Chelly and on the Little Colorado; and that at no time since their arrival in this country have they been in an efficient condition for field service. The result of all this is, that I cannot again this winter take the field with a mounted force; and as I believe the animals to be too poor to stand the rigors of a winter at this place, I respectfully suggest the economy of having them wintered on the Rio Grande. I am now about to operate in detached parties on foot, which plan of campaign I shall continue during the winter. One party of 75 men will leave this post to-morrow morning.

Little Foot did not come in as promised, and I shall send a party immediately to hunt him up at Chusco.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First New Mexico Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

Captain BENJ. C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., December 20, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith please find the official report of Colonel Carson's last scout after the Navajo Indians. I beg to call the attention of the War Department to what he says of the destitute condition of that peaceable and gentle tribe of Indians known as the Moquis.

A copy of a private letter from Major Henry D. Wallen, U. S. Army, commanding at Fort Sumter, N. Mex., will be found inclosed herewith.* It gives an interesting account of the feelings, condition, and prospects of the Apache and Navajo Indians gathered together at that point.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See letter of December 11, 1863, p. 844.

---------------

