
they allowed him to draw night. He had 2 rifles on his saddle, both of which the soldiers took, after which they allowed him to depart as he came. One of the rifles was recognized by the Moquis as belonging to Manuelita, a chief of great influence. It is more than probable that the Indian, whoever he was, desired to have an interview with me, but was deterred by the hostile attitude of the soldiers.

On the 25th, we captured 1 woman and child, about 550 head of sheep and goats, and 70 head of horses, and destroyed another Indian encampment. There were 5 Indians with this herd, but on our approach they fled. About 3 miles from their encampment the spies gave us the information. The mounted party and a few of the officers immediately rode forward. Captain McCabe, Lieutenant Dowlin, Mr. J. C. Edgar, myself, and Lieutenants Murphy and Montoya, with those of the mounted party, were the first to arrive at the herd, but only in time to see the Indians climbing the very steep side of the canon of the Little Colorado, where their herd was, and out of our reach. The conduct of the above-named gentlemen on this occasion is worthy of commendation. Had our horses been in a fit condition, there is no doubt but that we would have been enabled to overhaul these Indians, but they were unable to travel sufficiently quick; owing to the fact that they had been the three days previous without sufficient rest, and with but little grass. I encamped on the table-lands of the river, and that night sent out spies, who, on their return, informed me that the Navajos were in the vicinity. At daylight next morning I sent out two parties of 50 men each, under the command of Captains Pfeiffer and McCabe, to examine the localities indicated by the spies as occupied by the Navajoes. The parties returned to camp late at night without having found any Indians, although they found every indication of where they had recently been; in some place the fires were still burning. From this place to where the Navajoes went is three days' march, without water, as I am informed by a Mexican boy taken captive some time since by the Navajoes and recaptured by Captain McCabe. This my animals could not stand, and i was reluctantly obliged to let them go unmolested. Our camp of this day is about 25 miles northwest of the San Francisco Mountains.

On my return to Moqui, I took a different route from the one I came, but on neither route is water to be found for a distance of at least 50 miles. While en route on the morning of the 3rd instant, I descried at a distance the smoke of an Indian encampment. I took with me the mounted party and 50 infantry, with the hope of being able to surprise them. After a rapid march of about 8 miles, we came to the valley, at the opposite side of which were the Indians, but being obliged to descend a steep hill in view of the Indians (of whom there were 5), they managed to escape. They left behind them their shields, clothing, &amp;c., and we captured 1 horse and 4 oxen.

I arrived yesterday at this post, and as soon as the animals are sufficiently rested, I shall send a command to examine the Canon deChelly, and the smaller canon which intersects it. Were I do not of the opinion that but few, if any, Navajoes are in the canon, I should have paid it a visit long since, but of that I convinced myself while int hat vicinity in September. To the Zuni Indians, whom I employed as spies, I am greatly indebted for the zeal and ability displayed by them, particularly their governors, Mariano and Salvadore, the latter of whom acted as my interpreter with the other Indians.

The boy who was taken by us on the 24th, ultimo I allowed to go off, that he might communicate to the Navajoes the intentions of the gen-

