
eral commanding in regard to them, of which I took particular pains to inform him.

It is quite possible that, owing to the extended operations of our armies elsewhere, those of my command may be overlooked, but I will venture to assert that no troops of the United States have ever before been called upon to endure as many hardships as did the men of my command on this scout, and I am proud to say that all was borne with the utmost cheerfulness, both of officers and men.

Inclosed I have the honor to transmit a report of Major F. P. Abreii, commanding at this post, and reports of other officers of his command.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. CARSON,

Colonel First Cavalry, New Mexico Vols., Commanding Expedition.

Captain BENJ. C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain Rafael Chacon, First New Mexico Cavalry.

FORT WINGATE, N. MEX.

SIR: In conformity with Orders, Numbers 72, from these headquarters, I started for the Navajo country on the 23rd of August last, with 40 enlisted men, and Second Lieutenant Martin Quuntana, of my company.

August 23.- Went to Chebolletta, and encamped for the night; wood, water, and grass in abundance; distance, 18 miles.

August 24.- From this point I started about 1 o'clock in the morning in a southwesterly direction, and stopped to rest at an arroyo, which was full of rain-water; distance, 18 miles. I left this point and camped for the night in the Llano de los Beteados, same general direction; abundance of rain-water in holes, also of grass, but no wood; total distance traveled to-day, 35 miles. As yet no fresh sign of Indians.

August 25.- Left this place during the night, still keeping the same direction, and traveled for about 12 miles, and found a lagoon of water, and rested. In the afternoon I left this place, and reached the Rito Quemado, where I encamped for the night, with abundance of water, grass, and wood; total distance traveled, 33 miles. No Indians seen.

August 26.- Left the Rito Quemado during the night, pursuing the same general direction, and, after traveling about 15 miles, arrived at La Canada de Jose Largo, where I rested for three or four hours. From this point I returned to the Rito Quemado in a northwesterly direction, and encamped in the valley of the Quemado, without water; abundance of grass and wood; distance traveled, 34 miles.

August 27.- From this point I left during the night and traveled in a westerly direction, and stopped to rest at the Salt Lakes of Zuni (salinas), and rested for a few hours in order to water the horses and mules. After my animals were somewhat refreshed, I left this place, and soon as we got on the high ground we espied some Navajoes, whom we immediately pursued, and we succeeded in killing 2 and capturing 1 full groans Indian, 2 grown women, and 5 small children. The man (Indian) informed me that on the head of the Colorado Chiquito there were over 2,500 Navajo Indians trading with the Coyote Apaches, and that he was on

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

17 R R - VOL XXVI, PT I

