
his way from Jemes with powder and lead, for the purpose of trading with the Navajoes. He also informed me that the Navajoes residing in Jemes are continually trading powder and lead with these Indians (the warlike); he himself had in his possession a very fine rifle, and an abundance of powder and lead.

During the night of the same day, I dispatched a sergeant, with 15 men, in order to attack some Navajo huts which the captive Indian promised to show to us. Upon arriving at the place, they discovered that the Indians had all fled; the captive also attempted to escape, but did not succeed, as he was killed by one of the soldiers who had him in charge. On this day I traveled in various directions, and at night I encamped at a lagoon full of rain-water, about 18 miles south of the Salt Lakes; there was also an abundance of grass and wound. Total distance traveled, about 26 miles.

August 28,- I left this place about 3 o'clock in the morning toward Cienega Amarilla, nearly due west. At this point I found a great many Indians, but they got sight of us and fled. They traveled all day in an easterly direction, and during the night took a westerly direction, making a sort of triangle. I remained all day at the Cienega Amarilla, and kept my spies out, in order that they might see the direction of the dust. During the night I left this place, and, after traveling about four hours, arrived within 2 miles of where the Indians were. Attacked at daybreak, but although they exceeded the number of 150, they immediately fled in all directions. We here captured 7 children, and recovered a captive Mexican boy named Agapito Apodaca from Ticolote; also 1,500 head of sheep and goats, 17 head of horses, mules, burros, and colts. We killed 1 man and 1 squaw during the skirmish, and I ordered all their equipage which we captured to be burned. There were some old guns and pistols which were captured, which were also burned, as they were not worth the trouble to pack them. At this place there is no water.

August 29.- From this place I took a southeasterly direction, in order to strike the Colorado Chiquito as soon as possible, as my animals were sadly in want of water; arrived at the Colorado Chiquito, I met Captain Hargrave, First Infantry, California Volunteers, with his company; we camped together at this place, distant from the Cienega Amarilla about 25 miles. During the night, I sent off 2 mounted men up the river, in order to see if they could discover anything of Indians; they returned the next day, and reported nothing in sight except the tracks.

August 30.- From this place we traveled down the river, in order to strike the Zuni road. On our return to the fort, we encamped on the river that night, 8 miles distant from our last camp.

August 31, September 1 and 2.- During these three days made about 67 miles, and camped at Penas Negras, about 4 miles east of Zuni, and Captain Hargrave camped at Zuni; abundance of wood, water, and grass.

September 3.- From last camp I marched to the Pescado Spring and encamped; distance about 12 miles. Captain Hargrave, who had overtaken me and passed me in the morning before I left camp, had his mules driven off by the Indians. Immediately upon my arrival, I sent off 10 men (mounted) in pursuit, but they returned on the next day, reporting that they had not been able to overtake the mules, as they had been divided into bands, and also as a large part of their horses gave out entirely. It is my opinion that the Zuni Indians had in this robbery, and my opinion is further strengthened by what Jesus Alriso says about the matter, viz, that when he and the soldiers were on the trail in pursuit, a lot of Zuni Indians who were pretending to be guid-

