
ing them, would run across the trail, and also in different directions excepting the one in which the trail went, thereby apparently trying to mislead them - at any rate to delay them until night would come on - and our men then would not be able to follow the trail on account of the darkness; and it is also more than probable that even if Navajoes did steal them, they were in their town (at the Pescado) with the Zunis when Captain Hargrave's company arrived.

September 4, 5, 6, and 7.- Traveled by the old Zuni road toward the fort, and arrived without any further difficulty, excepting that during the 6th I missed one of my men, and, after inquiring about him, I learned that he had not been seen since the night before, while we were on the march. I sent back 4 men from the Aqua Fria in search of him, but they were unable to find him. He since arrived at the post, and appears to be somewhat out of his head. He reports that this side of Inscription Rock he was pursued by a large number of Indians, and when he discovered they were gaining on him, he threw himself off his horse, and hid himself among the rocks, and in this way he escaped.

During my entire trip none of my men were either wounded or sick, and I am happy to say that of the property I took with me I have lost but 1 horse. The total number of Indians killed is 6 men and 2 women; captured 14 captives, large and small, and rescued 1 Mexican captive; also 1,500 head of sheep and goats and 17b head of horses, mules, burros, and colts.

Respectfully submitted.

RAFAEL CHACON,

Captain First New Mexico Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel J. F. CHAVES,

First New Mexico Vols., Commanding Officer, Fort Wingate, N. Mex.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain Joseph P. Hargrave, First California Infantry.

FORT WINGATE, N. MEX., September 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, pursuant to Orders, Numbers 72, current series, from headquarters Fort Wingate, dated August 21, 1863, I left this post on the 22nd ultimo with 44 men of my company (C), First Infantry, California Volunteers, on our expedition against the Navajoes. According to instructions, I proceed to the Zuni villages with wagons; reached that place on the 25th, a distance of 75 miles. At Zuni, I left the wagons, extra animals, and stores in charge of a guard, consisting of Sergeant Boone and 3 men, and started the next morning, 26th instant, with pack-mules for the Little Colorado, going via the Ojo Venado; reached the river on the 28th, the distance being about 65 miles.

The next morning started up the river, keeping well into the hills to avoid being seen. Having gone about 10 miles, saw a party of Indians on the river, perhaps 40 in number. We approached cautiously and unobserved to within about 2,000 yards, and seeing that, from the nature of the ground, it was impossible to get closer without coming in plain view, we made a run for them, but as they had not unsaddled their horses, they mounted and got off before we got within gunshot of them. We pursued them several miles, but to no purpose; they, being well mounted, soon left us in the distance.

We then scoured the country for several miles around, and captured about 500 head of sheep; saw a few Indians, but failed to get within

