
muskets and pistols of his dead comrades and threw them into the springs. The Indians fractured his skull with rocks and left him for dead, but he recovered toward morning and made his way to Chaperito. The Indians drove off the cattle. (Number not stated.)

Captain Bergmann, learning that the Indians had driven off 10,000 sheep, mounted 30 men, and endeavored to intercept at the crossing of the Pecos. Corporal Martinez came close to their rear, and succeeded in killing 2 and wounding several. The corporal destroyed their camp utensils and captured 3 beeves.

August 11.- M. Steck, superintendent Indian affairs, report that the Utahs have, during the last ten days, killed 30 Navajoes, and captured and brought in 60 children of both sexes, and captured 30 horses and 2,000 sheep. On the 11th instant, 4 Utahs came in with three scalps and 6 captives. Total, 33 killed, 66 captured, and 30 horses and 2,000 sheep taken.

August 19.- Colonel Christopher Carson reports that he left camp near Canon Bonita, August 5, 1863, on a scout for thirty days. On the first day out, sent Sergeant Romero with 15 men after 2 Indian seen in the vicinity; he captured one of their horses; the Indians made their escape. On the night of the 4th instant, Captain Pfeiffer captured 11 women and children, besides a woman and child, the former of whom was killed in attempting to escape and the latter accidentally. Captain Pfeiffer's party also captured two other children, 100 sheep and goats, and 1 horse. The Utes captured in the same vicinity 18 horses and 2 mules, and killed 1 Indian. Captain Pfeiffer wounded an Indian, but he escaped. On the 16th, a party who were sent for some pack-saddles brought in 1 Indian woman. At this camp the brave Major Cummings, First New Mexico Volunteers, was shot through the abdomen by a concealed Indian and died instantly. One of the parties sent out from this camp captured an Indian woman. Total Indians killed, 3; captured, 15; wounded, 1; 20 horses, 2 mules, and 100 sheep and goats captured. Troops, 1 commissioned officer killed.

August 19.- Captain Henry A. Greene, First Infantry, California Volunteers, having received information that a party of Indians with a large herd of sheep had crossed the Rio Grande on the morning of the 8th instant, mounted 20 men, and started in pursuit, and, after following their trail for nearly 200 miles, came upon them, and opened fire. The Indians fled, and the command recovered 1,600 to 1,800 sheep, and drove them to Fort Craig.

August 24.- Captain W. Craig reports that a party of 16 Indians attacked his herders near Fort Union, and drove off 18 Government mules.

August 27.- Captain V. Dresher, First Infantry, California Volunteers, reports the horses and mules at Fort West were stampeded by Indians; animals not recovered; Indians not pursued; 26 mules and 1 horse lost.

August 29.- Captain Henry A. Greene, First Infantry, California Volunteers, reports that the Indians attacked the mail stage on the Jornada, near the Point of Rocks, and captured 7 mules. As soon as the information was received, 15 mounted men were sent in pursuit, and 9 men detailed to escort the stage through. The mounted party, on coming in view of the Rio Grande, saw 3 Indians on the bank; the balance of the band were back in the brush; the 3 Indians were fired upon; one of them fell, but recovered again. A part of the command, under Lieutenant Fountain, charged across the river; the Indians ran and concealed themselves. The party then dismounted, and commenced to

