
shooting distance. In the afternoon met and joined Captain R. Chacon, First New Mexico Volunteers, whom I deem the proper person to report the further proceedings of the expedition.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. HARGRAVE,

Captain, First Infantry, California Volunteers.

[Lieutenant Colonel J. F. CHAVES,]

Commanding Officer, Fort Wingate, N. Mex.

Numbers 4. Report of Major Henry D. Wallen, Seventh U. S. Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., December 23, 1863.

GENERAL: Please find inclosed herewith a report of Major Henry D. Wallen, Seventh U. S. Infantry, commanding Fort Summer, N. Mex., of a fight which took place within 35 miles of that post between parties sent out from the post and 130 Navajo Indians. The result was, 12 Navajoes were left dead upon the field, and 1 was taken prisoner. Many were doubtless wounded, but these were borne away. Our people recaptured 9,889 sheep and a good deal of other property.

I beg to call your attention to the conduct of Lieutenant Newbold, Fifth U. S. Infantry, who led the handful of cavalry; and also to the conduct of Mr. Lorenzo Labadie, Indian agent, and to the gallant chaplain of Fort Sumter, the Rev. Mr. Fialon. These two gentlemen, at the head of 30 Mescalero Apache Indians from the reservation at Fort Sumner (Apaches who one year ago were our mortal enemies), did most all the work, as they were fortunate in being the first to encounter the Navajoes.

Captain Bristol and Lieutenant McDermott, Fifth U. S. Infantry, at the head of their companies, manifested the utmost zeal and alacrity on this occasion, but were unable to get up in time to participate in the affair. It was a handsome little battle on the open plains.

The Apache chiefs, Cadette and Blanco, were very distinguished. One of their braves, named Alazau, was mortally wounded.

I beg to have authority to issue a suit of clothes to each of these 30 Apaches who took part in this fight. The Government should give them some token of its appreciation of such fidelity and gallantry. They volunteered for the service, and fought without the hope of reward.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Sumter, N. Mex., December 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to the general commanding the department that about 4 o'clock on the morning of the 16th instant, Mr. Labadie, Indian agent, and the Rev. Mr. Fialon, chaplain of the post, reported to me that a large number of Navajo Indians, with an immense herd of sheep, were at the Carretas. I immediately had the officers of Company D, Fifth and Company C, Seventh Infantry, awakened, and their companies prepared to take the field, with two days' rations

