
in haversacks. Lieutenants Latimer, with 8 mounted men of Company B, Second Cavalry, California Volunteers (all the cavalry at the post), was also got in readiness. Mr. Labadie, Mr. Fialon, and about 30 Apache Indians also started in pursuit. The companies left the post at 5.30 a. m., for the Carretas. The mounted left the post agent, with his Indians, outstripped the party on foot, having taken up the Navajo trail on the west bank of the Pecos River, and about 10 miles from the post. At a distance of 35 miles in a direct line, a little north of west from Fost Sumner, they overtook the Navajoes, in number about 130, 10 mounted and 20 armed with rifles, and 5,259 sheep. A severe contest ensued, in which the Navajoes lost 12 killed and left on the field, and a number killed and wounded who were carried off, 1 prisoner taken, all the sheep recovered, amounting to 5,259, 13 burros, 4 rifles, 1 horse, their provisions, blankets, moccasins (150 pairs), and pretty much all the effects taken from Mr. Labadie's train en route to this place.

I beg respectfully to call the attention of the commanding general to the gallant conduct of Mr. Labadie, Privates Loder and Osier, of Company B, Second Cavalry, California Volunteers, Ojo Blanco, and Cadette, the chiefs of the two bands of Apaches on the reservation, Alazau, and Apache, who was badly wounded, and the Apaches generally, who rendered signal service.

Lieutenant Newbold, with 3 men, pursued the flying Navajoes for 3 miles beyond the scene of action, but from the great number of the enemy and the exhausted condition of his horses, was obliged to desist from farther pursuit. His zeal on this occasion was highly commendable.

The infantry, under command of Captain Bristol and Lieutenant McDermott, Fifth Infantry, marched rapidly in heavy sand and snow about 24 miles, when word was sent to Captain Bristol from the front that farther pursuit by the infantry would be unnecessary, when he returned to the fort.

I am under obligations to the chaplain, Rev. Mr. Fialon, for riding back alone int he night from the battle-ground in order to secure conveyance for the wounded Apache. At daylight on the 17th, the surgeon with an ambulance was dispatched to bring in the wounded man; but before reaching the camp the Indian had died.

The Navajoes, just before reaching the Pecos, were alarmed by some pistol-shots discharged from a wagon train that left the post that morning, and abandoned, 4,630 sheep, which were secured by the Mexicans attached to the train.

On the morning of the 17th, I dispatched Lieutenant McDermott, with 10 mounted men and 6 Apaches, to collect the herd and bring it to the post, that the sheep may be property distributed; and I await instructions from the commanding general with regard to the distribution of both herds of sheep, 9,889 in all.

Delgadito, the chief of the peace party of Navajoes now at the post, called on me this morning, and expressed his pleasure that the "Ladrones" (as he termed them) had been chastised, and begged that I would permit him on the next occasion to join the scouting party with some of his men.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. WALLEN,

Major Seventh U. S. Infantry, Commanding.

Captain BENJ. C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.

