
Question. Did you hear the seditious language used the evening previous to the execution, or was it reported to you?

Answer. I heard it. It was addressed to me personally.

Question. What was the purport of it?

Answer. "We have been cheated into this. Had we known it, we would not have been here." The attitude, at the same time, being insolent and defiant.

Question. Have you a copy of Special Orders, 209, Headquarters Department of the Gulf?

Answer. I have.

Colonel Robinson here produced the order, a copy of which is appended hereto.

Question. State more definitely in regard to the execution. How were they shot, by whom, &amp;c.?

Answer. The mutineers and two companies of the First Louisiana Cavalry, on foot, formed three sides of a square, the mutineers forming the base. On a line perpendicular with the center of the base, and some 20 feet beyond the wings, Company F, First Louisiana Cavalry, at the time composed of about 20 men, was divided into two platoons, one commanded by Lieutenant Masicot, the other by the orderly sergeant. The men to be executed were severely placed at 10 paces in front of the center of each platoon. The adjutant of the regiment charged with their execution had them blindfolded, took their two names and last requests, and offered them time to pray; after all of which, at a signal from him, each platoon fired successively.

By the COURT:

Question. Has that part of the First Louisiana Cavalry which was formerly the Second Rhode Island Cavalry, since the execution of two of its members, shown any disposition to mutiny?

Answer. None in the least.

Question. Have they since that time obeyed all orders and shown a disposition to conduct themselves as good soldiers?

Answer. They have, in every sense; vying with their new associates in the faithful performance of their duty and neatness of personal appearance.

Question. During the particulars of the arrest and execution of the two men described by you, were you present all the while, and was the arrest and execution in obedience to your orders and direction?

Answer. I was present all the while, and everything that was done was in obedience to my orders.

Question. What was the personal appearance, condition of the arms, &c., of the Second Rhode Island Cavalry at the time of the consolidation?

Answer. Appearance bad. Condition of the arms such that they cannot be used. They appear not to have been cleaned since issued.

Captain FRANCIS M. IVES, First Louisiana Cavalry, being duly sworn, deposes and says:

My names is Francis M. Ives. I am a captain in the First Louisiana Cavalry. On the afternoon of the 29th of August, 1863, the regiment (Second Rhode Island Cavalry) was formed for consolidation with the First Louisiana Cavalry. The Special Orders, 209, Paragraph VIII, was read to them. After the adjutant was through reading, the regiment in a body called out "No!" The men were dismounted and assigned to the various companies of the First Louisiana Cavalry, and were marched to the quarters of the First Louisiana Cavalry. After having taken their names, they were dismissed in order to get their clothing, and ordered to report immediately back, which they failed to do. On the morning of the 30th, Colonel Robinson ordered each company commander of the First Louisiana Cavalry to send a guard and bring up the men

