
Answer. I know of no cause. Nothing special.

Question. What acts of mutiny took place?

Answer. On the afternoon of the 29th of August, after I had read the order for the consolidation, there was a universal "No! no!" running down the line. On the morning of the 30th, they left the companies to which they had been assigned, and gathered together in a group by themselves in their former camp. As I was coming out of my tent, I met Colonel Robinson. He said he wished me to accompany him, as he anticipated trouble with the Rhode Island men. I accompanied him to their camp. I rode with him to where they were assembled. He warned them that if any man refused to obey his order he would do it at his peril, as he should inflict summary punishment upon them. He ordered them to form in line; but a few obeyed, the remainder remained where they were, sitting or lying on the ground.

Question. Was there any mutinous language used at this time?

Answer. I heard three or four of them talking with their associates, but could not distinguish what they said, but should judge from their actions that they were urging them to mutiny. Colonel Robinson called one of the men up to him, and said: "You are the spokesman for these men this morning, and are urging them to mutiny. Do you refuse to obey my order?" The man replied, "Not more than the rest do." Colonel Robinson then ordered me to turn him over the guard.

Question. Was Special Orders, 209, Paragraph VIII, read to the men so that all could understand it?

Answer. I think every man understood it.

Question. Were the orders of Colonel Robinson given in a cool, soldierly manner?

Answer. They were.

Question. How long a time elapsed from the commencement of the mutiny on the 30th until it was quelled?

Answer. From what I saw of it, I should say not over half an hour.

Question. What quelled it?

Answer. Shooting two of the ringleaders on the spot.

Question. Did the men, after the execution of these two, return to the companies to which they were assigned, and have they since that time obeyed all orders promptly and without murmur?

Answer. They have.

Question. Did you hear either or both of the men who were executed refuse to obey orders?

Answer. I did. On the 29th, one of them said he would do no duty in a Louisiana regiment, "he'd be damned if he would," and other expressions of a similar nature. The other was the man spoken of as spokesman on the 30th.

Whereupon the court adjourned to meet on Sunday, the 6th instant, at 8 a. m.

SUNDAY, September 6, 1863.

The court met pursuant to adjournment, all present, and continued the examination of witnesses.

JULES A. MASICOT, second lieutenant Company F, First Louisiana Cavalry, being duly sworn, deposes and says:

My name is Jules Masicot. I am second lieutenant of Company F, First Louisiana Cavalry.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were you present at the camp of the First Louisiana Cavalry on the 29th and 30th August, 1863?

Answer. I was.

