
Question. Was Special Orders, 209, Paragraph VIII, read to the First Louisiana Cavalry and to the Second Rhode Island Cavalry? If so, by whom, and was it read so that the men of both regiments could hear and understand it?

Answer. It was read by Adjutant Hall, and in such a manner that all could hear and understand it.

Question. Was there any mutinous language used by the Second Rhode Island Cavalry during or immediately after the reading of the order? If so, state what.

Answer. There was. The men in a body answered, "No, no! Rhode Island forever!"

Question. Were there any acts of mutiny in the Second Rhode Island Cavalry on the morning of the 30th? If so, what were they?

Answer. There was. Colonel Robinson ordered the men of the Second Rhode Island to fall in the rear of our column, threatening at the same time, if they disobeyed, he would shot them on the spot. All obeyed with the exception of two.

Question. Were Colonel Robinson's orders given in a cool, soldierly manner?

Answer. They were.

Question. What was done after the Second Rhode Island fell in, which the exception of the two spoken off?

Answer. The colonel ordered the adjutant to take the Second Rhode Island and form them in line facing from our camp, and two companies of the First Louisiana Cavalry on each flank of them, so as to form three sides of a square. I was ordered then to march my company below the square. The two men who had not fallen in were then brought forward, and executed by my company, by order of Colonel Robinson.

CHARLES WALTON, private First Louisiana Cavalry, being duly sworn, deposes and says:

My name is Charles Walton. I am a private in the First Louisiana Cavalry.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were you present with your regiment at the time the order of consolidation was read to the First Louisiana and Second Rhode Island Cavalry?

Answer. I wa.

Question. Did you hear any mutinous language used by the Second Rhode Island Cavalry during or immediately after the reading of the order? If so, what?

Answer. Yes. A general shout of "No!" along the line.

Question Do you know of any acts of mutiny in the Second Rhode Island on the following morning?

Answers. Numbers I was on duty. Two prisoners were turned over to the guard by the colonel.

SIDNEY E. IRVING, sergeant-major First Louisiana Cavalry, being duly sworn, deposes and says:

My name is Sidney E. Irving. I am the sergeant-major of the First Louisiana Cavalry.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were you present at the time the order of consolidation was read to the First Louisiana and the Second Rhode Island Cavalry?

