
If so, was it read so that the men of both commands could hear and understand it?

Answer. I was present at the time. It could be heard distinctly.

Question. What was your position at that time?

Answer. Sergeant, acting as lieutenant, commanding a company in Second Rhode Island Cavalry.

Question. Did you hear any mutinous language used by the men of the Second Rhode Island Cavalry during or immediately after the reading of the orders? If so, state what.

Answer. I did. I heard several of the men say they would do any duty in the First Louisiana Cavalry. They would go to Ship Island, or submit to any punishment rather than serve their term of enlistment in the Louisiana Cavalry.

Question. Did the officers of the First Louisiana Cavalry do all in their power on the evening of the 29th to suppress the mutiny and get the men to submit peacefully and go to the companies to which hey had been assigned?

Answer. They did.

Question. Were you present during the proceedings of the following morning?

Answer. I was.

Question. State what took place.

Answer. A majority, nearly all of the Rhode Island men, were in their camp, sitting on the ground. The lieutenant-colonel of the First Louisiana Cavalry sent a cavalry guard of his regiment and surrounded them. He then marched the balance of his men on foot, forming line fronting the Rhode Island men. He rode up to the Rhode Island men, and told them in three different languages that all those who wished to obey orders and do their duty as soldiers must fall in line. A majority of the men fell in line. I was ordered away by Colonel Robinson to look up some men. I was absent some three minutes. When I returned, they had all fallen in, with the exception of 3 men, one of whom he ordered to fall in, which order was obeyed. Both regiments were then formed in three sides of a square. The two men were placed in the square under guard, their arms tied being them, a handkerchief was adjutant then spoke with each man some little time. He then motioned, and the guard fired, and the men were shot successively.

The court having heard and examined the evidence, which is above written, after mature deliberation thereon, make the following findings, to wit:

I. The origin of the mutiny in the Second Rhode Island Cavalry was the reading of the order of consolidation with the First Louisiana Cavalry, on the 29th day of August, 1863.

II. The course of said mutiny was from the reading of Special Orders, Numbers 209, Paragraph VIII, Headquarters Department of the Gulf, consolidating of the Second Rhode Island Cavalry with the First Louisiana Cavalry, on the 29th day of August, 1863, to the time of the arrest and execution of the two men of the Second Island Cavalry on the 30th day of August, 1863.

III. The suppression of the mutiny was in the prompt and efficient manner in which the ringleaders were executed by order of Lieutenant Colonel H. Robinson, First Louisiana Cavalry.

EDWARD L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel and Presiding Officer.

GEO. H. WHEATON,

Captain and Recorder.

