
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, October 23, 1863.

It is probable that order could have been maintained in the regiment without the application of capital punishment to the two men executed; but the conduct of the Second Rhode Island Cavalry was such that it is impossible to say how soon the mutiny would have been repeated.

Severe measures were required with them. The commanding general regrets the necessity for the execution, but is unable, with his knowledge of the facts, to say that it was not justifiable in consideration of all the circumstances of the case.*

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

APPENDIX A.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 4, 1863.

Major-General BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose you herewith a copy of Special Orders, 209, Headquarters Department of the Gulf, transferring the enlisted men of the Second Rhode Island Cavalry on the First Louisiana Cavalry, and mustering out of service the commissioned officers of the regiment.

I am directed by the Secretary of War to request an early report as to the authority upon which said order was based.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 209. New Orleans, August 21, 1863.

* * * * *

VIII. The enlisted men of the Second Rhode Island Cavalry are transferred to the First Louisiana Cavalry, and will be assigned to companies by the commanding officer of the latter regiment.

The officers of the Second Rhode Island Cavalry are hereby mustered out of the service. Such of them as desire to remain in the service may, upon proving themselves fitted for and deserving of commissions in the First Louisiana Cavalry, before a board to be appointed by its regimental commander, be appointed to fill vacancies. Lieutenant-Colonel Robinson, First Louisiana Cavalry, is charged with the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*The findings of the court and indorsement of the commanding general were published in Special Orders, Numbers 266, Headquarters Department of the Gulf, October 24, 1863.

---------------

