
skirmish through the bushes. While on this duty, Private George S. Dickey was mortally wounded by the only shot fired by the Indians during the affair. Dickey saw an Indian jump into the river, and shot him; the Indian turned after being shot, and gave Dickey the wound which caused his death. Indian loss, 1 killed; 3 wounded. Our loss, 1 private killed.

August -.- Colonel Christopher Carons, with his command, left Pueblo, Colo., on the 20th day of August, for Canon de Chelly with the main force, secreting 25 men, under Captain Pfeiffer, in the canon, to watch for Indians. Soon after, 2 Indians were seen approaching the canon, and were fired upon, and, although badly wounded, succeeded in getting away. On the same day the advance guard pursued and killed an Indian. On the 31st the command returned to Fort Canby. Indian loss: 1 killed, 2 wounded.

August 27.- Two Navajo Indians, prisoners, attempted to escape from the guard-house at Fort Defiance; one was killed by the guard and the other mortally wounded. One killed, 1 wounded.

August 31.- Lieutenant-Colonel Chaves, commanding Fort Wingate, reports that a large party of Navajoes attacked the escort to the wood wagons about 5 miles from the post, wounding Private Luciano Pais and driving off 12 mules. The Indians were pursued but not overtaken. Our loss: 1 man wounded, 12 mules taken.

August 23.- Captain R. Chacon, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, left Fort Wingate with 40 enlisted men, on a scout after Indians. On the 27th, when near the Salt Lakes, the party espied a band of Navajoes, and succeeded in killing 2 and capturing 8. On the same day, one of the Indians, in attempting to escape, was killed by the soldier who had him charge. On the 28th, the party attacked 150 Indians, who fled in all directions. The party here captured 7 children and recovered a captive Mexican boy named Agapito Apodaca; killed 3 Indians and captured 1,500 head of sheep and goats, 17 head of horses, mules, burros, and colts. On this scout there were 6 Indians killed, 14 captured, 1 Mexican boy rescued, 1,500 head of sheep, 17 horses, mules, burros, and colts captured.

August 27.- Captain T. T. Tidball, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, commanding Fort Bowie, reports that the Apache Indians ran off 6 horses and 1 mule from that post.

September 8.- Captain Joseph P. Hargrave, First Infantry, California Volunteers, reports that he left Fort Wingate on the 22nd of August, on an expedition against the Navajoes. On the 26th August he saw 40 Indians on the Little Colorado; charged on them, but they fled before the troops got within gunshot of them. At this place captured 500 head of sheep. On the 30th of August the mules belonging to command (number unknown) were driven off by Indians. A party of mounted men were sent in pursuit, but failed to overtake them.

September 5.- M. Steck, superintendent of Indian affairs, reports that a party of Utahs have killed 9 Navajoes and captured 40 children, and that the Pueblo Indians have killed a Navajo warrior, and that the Governor of Jemez had killed 1 Navajo. Indian loss: 11 killed, 40 captured.

September 5. - Captain J. H. Whitlock, Fifth Infantry, California Volunteers, reports that he found an Indian camp, surprised it, and captured 2 mules, 1 Sharp's carbine, 1 United States blanket, and 1,000 pounds of mescal. Burned the camp, including all that pertained to it. On the 8th of September, found Indians in force, and had a spirited fight

