
the enlisted men of the Second Rhode Island Cavalry to another organization, has been approved by the General-in-Chief. A copy of your report giving reasons for the transfer, with the General-in-Chief's indorsement thereon, was forwarded to the Governor of Rhode Island. Since its receipt, the Governor has requested by letter (copy herewith)* that the enlisted men of the Second may be transferred to the Third Cavalry upon its arrival in your department.

For the reason given by His Excellency, I am directed to request that the change may be made by a special order, to be issued from your headquarters.

The Governor has been notified as to the action.

The Third Cavalry will start for you department at an nearly day.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 1-7, 1863.- Expedition from Natchez, Miss., to Harrisonburg, La., including skirmishes (2d) at Trinity and (4th) near Harrisonburg, and capture of Fort Beauregard.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General Marcellus M. Crocker, U. S. Army, commanding Expedition.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Cyrus Hall, Fourteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding Brigade.

Numbers 3.- Brigadier General Walter Q. Greesham, U. S. Army, commanding Brigade.

Numbers 4.- Colonel A. G. Malloy, Seventeenth Wisconsin Infantry (Mounted).

Numbers 5.- Colonel Horace Randal, Twenty-eight Texas Cavalry, commanding Brigade.

Numbers 6.- Lieutenant Colonel George W. Logan, Chalmette (Louisiana) Regiment.

Numbers 1. HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,

District of Natchez, Miss., September 10, 1863.

COLONEL: Of the expedition to Harrisonburg, I have the honor to report as follows:

The expedition consisted of the following troops: The Second Brigade, Fourth Division, Colonel C. Hall, Fourteenth Illinois, commanding; the Third Brigade, Fourth Division, General W. Q. Gresham commanding; Company F, Second Illinois Artillery, and the Fifteenth Ohio Battery, with the Seventeenth Wisconsin Infantry (mounted), commanded by Colonel Malloy.

On the 1st instant, the Seventeenth Wisconsin crossed the river at this place at daylight, with orders to proceed without delay to Trinity; the Third Brigade crossed with the Fifteenth Ohio Battery, and moved toward Trinity about 6 miles; the Second Brigade, with Company F, Second Illinois Artillery, crossed, and encamped on the bank opposite Natchez.

On the 2nd instant, General Gresham moved with his command within 3 1/2 miles of Trinity. Colonel Hall moved to and across Cross Bayou, 16 miles from Natchez. In the meantime Colonel Mally had moved to Trinity, as directed, and, after a slight skirmish with the

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

18 R R - VOL XXVI, PT I

