
have been released. I send herewith reports of the brigade commanders; also sketch of the fort, made by Captain Cadle, of my staff.* The conduct of the troops on the march was generally excellent, and they returned in good health and spirits.

Fort Beauregard and the post at Harrisonburg were commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Logan, and garrisoned by an irregular force of conscripts - artillery, cavalry, and infantry - of from 150 to 500. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. CROCKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. CLARK, A. A. G., Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Cyrus Hall, Fourteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Near Natchez, Miss., September 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with an order from division headquarters, dated September 7, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command (consisting of the Fourteenth, Fifteenth, Forty-sixth, and Seventy-sixth Regiments Illinois Infantry, and Captain Powell's company (F), Second Regiment Illinois Artillery, the battery belonging to General Ramsom's command, but detached for the expedition) in the late expedition to Harrisburg, La.:

I received orders on the morning of the 1st instant to cross the river (Mississippi) with my command, which orders were complied with, and I encamped upon the west bank of the river, near Vidalia, for the night.

I started on the morning of the 2nd instant, at daylight, on the road leading to Trinity, the Third Brigade being in advance of my command. I reached the ferry at Cross Bayou about 5 p. m., and by 9 o'clock had succeeded in crossing my entire command to the west side, at which time and place I went into camp.

On the next day (3rd instant) I started for Trinity; reached the river (Black) at 11 a. m. At 3.20 p. m. I received orders from Brigadier-General Crocker to cross the river with my two largest regiment sand Powell's battery, leaving the remaining portion of my command on the east side of the river; at 4.45 p. m. the detachment was in motion, and, passing through the town, marched to a point about 1 mile west of the town, where I encamped.

On the succeeding morning (4th instant) I started at daylight, taking the Alexandria road. I reached the junction of the Harrisonburg road at 8.30 a. m., where I found the Third Brigade, under command of Brigadier General W. Q. Gresham, in line of battle. I was then ordered by Brigadier-General Crocker to take position on the left of the Third Brigade, which I did, and remained in that position until ordered by General Crocker to take up the line of march and follow the Third Brigade in the direction of Harrisonburg. This I did, reaching Harrisonburg between the hours of 12 and 1 p. m., at which place we remained until ordered to return at 4 p. m. to the Junction, where I encamped.

Early next morning (5th instant) I started, and, reaching Trinity, crossed Black River, and was resting in camp at 10.30 a. m. Here I

---------------

*Sketch not found.

---------------

