
was rejoined by the two regiments of my command which had been left to guard the pontoons and the crossing. At 1 p. m. I was again on the road, marching that afternoon to Cross Bayou, and ferrying over by 9 p. m. At that time I went into camp, remaining until morning (6th instant), when I again moved eastward, reaching the river (Mississippi), the infantry crossing and moving out to the camps before dark, the baggage following as fast as the limited transportation would permit. The command had thus made a march of 88 miles in five days, without loss of life or limb.

Two of the brass guns captured at Harrisonburg were brought in through the exerting of Captain (then Lieutenant) Gilman, of the Fifteenth Illinois Infantry, acting provost-marshal of this brigade, for which he is deserving much credit. The health of the command was excellent, and the men in good spirits and elated by the success of the expedition.

The report of the number and names of officers and men remaining in camp, and the cause of their so doing, will be transmitted as soon as reports can be had of regimental commanders.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS HALL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain W. H. F. RANDALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Div., Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Walter Q. Gresham, U. S. Army, commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., 17TH ARMY CORPS,Natchez, Miss., September 7, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command, consisting of the Twelfth Wisconsin, Colonel George E. Bryant; Fifty-third Indiana, Lieutenant Colonel William Jones; Twenty-eighth Illinois, Lieutenant Colonel Richard Ritter; Thirty second Illinois, Major George H. English, and Spear's (Fifteenth Ohio) battery, Lieutenant Burdick, in the expedition to Harrisonburg, La.:

On Tuesday, the 1st instant, in pursuance of orders from Brigadier-General October, I crossed the Mississippi River with my command, and moved out on the Trinity road to Lake Concordia, and bivouacked for the night.

At daylight on the morning of the 2nd instant, my command was on the march on the Trinity road, and at 9.30 a. m. I arrived at Cross Bayou, and commenced ferrying by means of a small flat. At 10 a. m. Colonel Malloy, of the Seventeenth Wisconsin Mounted Infantry, arrived at the bayou, and reported that he had left Black River, opposite Trinity, at 5 a. m. that morning, in consequence of having skirmished with the enemy, and expended all, or nearly all, if his ammunition. At 3 p. m. my entire command was on the west side of the bayou, including the transportation of the Seventeenth Wisconsin and the pontoon train, which had been placed in my charge by General Crocker. At 3.20 p. m. I resumed the march (Colonel Malloy having gone in advance), and halted at sunset within 3 miles of Trinity, having marched 23 miles.

