
out on the Alexandria road to reconnoiter and feel the enemy. The companies were sent out under the command of Major D. D. Scott. On advancing about 4 miles, they became engaged with the enemy, driving them 1 1/2 miles through their main camp, which was known by the large number of fires, amounting to fifty or more. At this moment I came up with the balance of the regiment, and ordered two companies to advance as skirmishers. After marching 1 mile or more, passing through their deserted camp, and finding no enemy, I recalled the skirmishers, and marched toward Harrisonburg, joining the general commanding on his entrance into the town. At 3 p. m. I received orders to destroy a mill and commissary stores, on the Natchitoches road. Arriving at the place where the stores were supposed to be, I found 8 Confederate soldiers, whom, I captured, but no stores. After destroying the mill and 57 bales of Confederate cotton, I returned to Natchez, arriving here the evening of the 7th.

I feel under special obligations to Major Scott, Captains Crane, Apker, Beaupre, and Lieutenant Dela Hunt, for their promptness and ready obedience and gallantry in the execution of orders. I would also mention, as deserving of notice, may 2 guides, Messrs. Dougherty and Norris, for their assistance during the expedition. I captured in all about 25 prisoners.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. MALLOY,

Colonel, Commanding Seventeenth Wisconsin Mounted Infantry.

Captain W. H. F. RANDALL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Div., Seventeenth Army Corps.

Numbers 5. Reports of Colonel Horace Randal, Twenty-eighth Texas Cavalry, commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS RANDAL'S BRIGADE,Sulphur Springs, La., September 6, 1863-9.40 p. m.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the enemy, near 5,000 strong, met me yesterday morning at the break of day 12 miles this side of Fort Beauregard, thus cutting off the possibility of a junction with the forces at the fort under Lieutenant-Colonel [George W.] Logan. I drove in his pickets, and withdrew my command, having deceived the enemy. My retreat was followed up to the junction of the upper and lower Alexandria roads. I have heard of no farther advance on either road in the direction of Alexandria.

Lieutenant-Colonel Logan abandoned the fort between 2 and 3 o'clock yesterday morning, retiring by Centreville and Natchitoches road. He saved four pieces of artillery. He is now near Little River, at Gillmore's Ferry, where he will cross to-day.

I retired by the Alexandria road for two reasons - to protect Colonel Logan, and to prevent a flank movement upon my rear. If it is designed that I should retire to Alexandria, I have rations; otherwise I will forward my trains. Colonel Logan will join me to-morrow. I will continue my march toward Alexandria, crossing the river to-day, unless otherwise ordered. I have sent out scouts to ascertain the position of the enemy on the roads leading from this place to the Washita River. Three different persons have seen the enemy's camp near Trinity, and

