
Loss of the enemy in the skirmish, 3 killed; wounded, not known. None of my men were injured.

The cavalry force that I have should be increased, as it is not strong enough to perform the required duties; besides, a force of cavalry could inflict serious injury upon the enemy and keep him within narrow limits.

I will remain in this vicinity until further orders. Lieutenant-Colonel Logan is now on the Alexandria road leading to Gillmore's Ferry, on Little River.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HORACE RANDAL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major [E.] SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, La., September -, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. A brigade of infantry with a battery has been sent forward this morning to re-enforce Colonel Randal. Major's brigade will reach this [place] to-night, and will immediately push on to the point. I hope to receive some reliable information to-day.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 6. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Logan, Chalmette (Louisiana) Regiment.

GILLMORE'S FERRY, LITTLE RIVER,

September 5, 1863-11 a. m.

MAJOR: I evacuated Fort Beauregard at 3 a. m. yesterday and destroyed the works. Find it impossible for General [Colonel Horace] Randal to re-enforce me, and, in accordance with his advice, I have been endeavoring to form a junction with him, but have been unable to do so, so far. I hope to join him to-morrow on the Alexandria road, 16 miles from Alexandria.

Having only 40 effective men in garrison, I have only been able to save all our wagons, horses, and mules, and four of my best pieces of artillery (three 3-inch rifles and one 12-pounder howitzer.)

All day on the 3rd instant our cavalry engaged the advance guard of the enemy on the Hawthorn road, with a view to check his progress and prevent his intercepting the forces of General [Colonel] Randal, then advancing to our relief, but they were not successful.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. WM. LOGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Major E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Alexandria, La.

NATCHITOCHES ROAD, 40 MILES FROM ALEXANDRIA,

Rapides Parish, La., September 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I wrote you last on the 2nd instant by Captain Purvis. On the 3d, before day, the Yankees in very heavy force crossed the river

