
Moore, Parker, Nichols, and a few others, at the fort until 4.15 a. m. on the 4th instant, when I superintended personally the destruction of the casemates, commissary, guns, &amp;c., by fire and explosion.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. WM. LOGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Garrison, Fort Beauregard.

Captain ISAAC N. DENNIS,

Assistant Inspector General, Vienna, La.

P. S.- I dispatch this by Private Isaac Ross, of Captain McCall's cavalry company, who will give you more news of our condition, &c.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Alexandria, September 10, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. Lieutenant-Colonel Logan, having reached this point, was ordered to send in report direct. It has not passed through Brigadier-General Hebert, and I am therefore not yet aware what orders were issued by that officer. The fact of the horses having been sent from the fort in anticipation of a siege appears to have been the cause of so little public property being saved. All the heavy guns and one brass field piece have been left in the fort by the enemy, also caissons and other property, to secure and bring off which steps are now being taken. Having no duty to assign Colonel Logan to, I have ordered him to report to the lieutenant-general commanding.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.

SEPTEMBER 2, 1863.- Affair with Zapata's Banditti near Mier, Mexico.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Major General John B. Magruder, C. S. Army, commanding District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona.

Numbers 2.- Brigadier General Hamilton P. Bee, C. S. Army, commanding First Division, Army of Texas.

Numbers 3.- Major Santos Benavides, Thirty-third Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General John B. Magruder, C. S. Army, commanding District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C.,Sabine Pass, September 29, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to transmit, for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding, a copy of the communication from Brigadier-General Bee, inclosing the official report of Major Santos Benavides, of the Thirty-third Texas Cavalry, of his engagement and defeat of the Zapata banditti. This band of depredators has long been a source of annoyance and danger on the Rio Grade frontier, and the

