
brilliant achievement of the forces under Major Benavides is deserving of the highest commendation.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Hamilton P. Bee, C. S. Army, commanding First Division, Army of Texas.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, Tex., September 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to inclose of the official report of Major Santos Benavides, Thirty-third Cavalry, of his engagement with a party of robbers in Mexico, headed by the notorious outlaw Zapata, from which it will be seen that we shall be no more troubled with this emissary of the Lincoln Government, who has for so long disturbed the peace of this frontier, and at one time actually crossed the Rio Grande into Texas with the flag of the United States. I especially recommend Major Benavides for his untiring energy and patriotism, and would respectfully suggest that the general commanding recognize official the distinguished services of Major Benavides, and the firm, unyielding support with the companies of Laredo, commanded by Captains Refugio and Christobal Benavides (all Mexicans), have ever given to our cause.

Should E. J. Davis ever invade the Rio Grande with his regiment of refugees and outlaws, he will miss his friend Zapata, who had the power to do us great injury. I have great hopes that there will be no more trouble on this line, and congratulate myself that this final blow has been struck on the eve of my leaving the Rio Grande, and was the legitimate result of my labors here, which gave the right of our troops to cross into Mexico for just such purposes.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Report of Major Santos Benavides, Thirty-third Texas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS LINE OF THE RIO GRANDE,Carrizo, Tex., September 3, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report:

On the evening of the 1st instant, I received an official communication from the first alcade of Guerrero, stating that a detachment of troops from that town had been attacked and routed by a party of outlaws,

