
the whole night on the slightest prospect of doing any service." Two Indians, 1 horse, and 1 mule captured.

October 13.- Two wagons which had been sent about a mile from Fort Canby for wood, in charge of a non-commissioned officer and 5 men, were attacked by the Indians. The escort and the teamsters ran at the first fire, leaving the wagons and teams in possession of the Indians; 10 mules were lost, 2 mules and the wagons were left. One of the soldiers, in his hurry to escape, left his muskets at the wagons; the Indians carried it off.

October 15.- The train of Miguel Romero, hay contractor, was attacked by Indians while on its way from hay camp to Fort Canby; the non-commissioned officer in charge of the escort was wounded, and 1 teamster severely wounded. The Indians drove off 5 mules and 1 pony.

October 16.- Lieutenant Thomas Henderson, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, reports that while en route from Fort Stanton to Santa Fe, he met 3 Indians with a lot of mules near the Buffalo Spring. The Indians, on being discovered, abandoned 19 mules and escaped.

October 18.- Lieutenant Dowlin, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, reports that a party under his command killed 2 Indians near the Laguna Negra.

October 22.- Captain Rafael Chacon with his company pursued a band of Indians, who had run off stock near Fort Wingate, and captured from them 2 mules and 2 horses.

October 25.- Lieutenant Charles H. Fitch, on an Indian scout, captured 2 horses and 1 mule.

October 21.- Lieutenant Nicholas Hodt, First New Mexico Volunteers, with 40 men, left Fort Canby October 21, on a scout against the Indians. On the 22d, saw a party of Indians, who succeeded in escaping to the mountains; near Canada, Colo., the command captured 1 woman.

October 31.- Lieutenant E. E. Latimer, First Cavalry, California Volunteers, left Fort Union with a detachment of 9 men for Fort Sumner, having in charge 21 Indian prisoners. On the night of November 4, while encamped at the mouth of Gallinas River, 16 of the Indians succeeded in making their escape. They were pursued but not recaptured.

November 9.- A party of Mexicans passed through Fort Wingate on the 1st instant in pursuit of Indians; at the Sierra Negra the party had a fight with a band of Navajoes; killed 5 and took 16 prisoners. About 2 leagues from Sierra, the party had another fight with the Indians; killed 2 and took 2 prisoners. At the Sierra de Chusea had a skirmish with the Indians, and captured 24 prisoners, 20 horses and mules, and 25 sheep and goats. Indian loss: Killed, 7 prisoners, 42; 20 horses and mules, and 25 sheep and goats captured.

At Carriso Springs the party came upon a band of Indians, numbering from 200 to 300, with several thousand head of stock. The captain of the party being fearful of losing his prisoners, allowed this band to pass unmolested.

November 4.- Captain A. L. Anderson reports that while in camp on the Gila River, near the Pinal Mountains, the Indians crept to within range of his picket line, and discharged several volleys of arrows at the animals, sentinels, and the men sleeping near. Four horses were so badly wounded that it became necessary to kill them. A squall of men was left concealed in the camp, and, after the column had marched, they succeeded in killing one of a party of Indians who approached them. Indian loss, 1 killed. Our loss, 4 horses killed.

