HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Algiers, La., September 14, 1863.

GENERAL: I omitted to state in my report of the late expedition to Sabine Pass that on Monday, the 7th instant, I was boarded by an officer from the gunboat Cayuga, who informed me that his vessel was on a cruise in that part of the Gulf. He also informed me that he had been off the Pass near daybreak of that morning.

His vessel accompanied us during the remained of the voyage to the Pass, and staid near us until we left.

Commodore Bell noticed this omission in my report, and asked me to make this correction, which I do with pleasure.

Another omission is, I should have mentioned that a field battery of the enemy fired into Captain Crocker's vessel, the Clifton, while she was engaged with the fort. I learned this from General Weitzel after the report was written.

I shall be glad if a copy of this letter be furnished to Commodore Bell.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding Nineteenth Corps.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.

Numbers 4. Report of Brigadier General Godfrey Weitzel, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, with Itinerary of the Division for September, 1863.

ON BOARD STEAMER SUFFOLK,

September 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part my command took in the expedition to Sabine Pass:

I left New Orleans at 7 p. m. on the 4th instant, on the steamer Belvidere, and made the Southwest Pass at 11 a. m. on the 5th instant, accompanied by the steamers General Banks, Saint Charles, and I. C. Landis, under convoy of the U. S. gunboat Arizona.

At 7 a. m. on the 6th instant, was joined off Berwick Bay by the U. S. gunboats Clifton and Sachem, and, after furnishing the three boats with the sharpshooters they requested, we sailed for Sabine Pass at 3.30 a. m. on the 7th instant.

I was informed that Captain Crocker, of the U. S. gunboat Clifton, had discovered that we were westward of Sabine Pass, and had ordered the boats to turn back.

At about 7 a. m. Captain Crocker came aboard of my vessel, and reported to me that he had been mistaken, and that we were off Calcasieu River, about 30 miles to the eastward of Sabine Pass.

After consultation, we concluded it would be best to try and stop the rest of the expedition at the point we were, and then attempt to dash on the enemy's works on the next morning. We were unsuccessful in this, as the general commanding the corps had passed us. Two of my transports, the General Banks and Saint Charles, were disabled, and required some time for repairs; as soon as there repairs were made, at

