
about 5 p. m., we started for the Pass, and reported to the general commanding at about 9 p. m.

I was ordered on the next morning to put the troops from the Belvidere on the Thomas, and follow the gunboats over the bar. I did this, after a reconnaissance of the landing and the enemy's works and position had been made, and after consultation with Captain Crocker, commanding the Clifton and the gunboat fleet.

I was ordered to place 500 men on the transport General Banks, to follow up the rear gunboat as soon as the attack was commenced, and to land the men at the Old Battery Point, with orders to advance on the enemy's works, and keep down the fire of the enemy's gunners while the gunboats were engaged.

At 3.45 p. m. the gunboats advanced to the attack; I followed, according to orders, the last gunboat, the Granite City. Before the Granite City came near to the position assigned her, to cover my landing, the Sachem had been disabled, the Clifton was aground, and, unfortunately, in exact range of my proposed point of landing. I had just given orders to attempt the landing, nevertheless, when I saw the colors of the Clifton had been struck and the white flag raised on the Sachem, and saw that the Arizona was aground. A few moments afterward I was ordered to retire, and then again to go outside and anchor in rear of the Crescent. Later in the night I received orders to go with my vessels, with the troops arranged as they had been, to the Southwest Pass, Mississippi River, which I did after considerable delay in towing the Laurel Hill (disabled), and arrived at that point at about 7 a. m. this day.

There were 2 officers and 75 men of the Seventy-fifth New York Volunteers on the Clifton as sharpshooters. Six of them escaped. On the Sachem there were 1 officer and 25 men from the One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers. How many were killed and wounded I do not know.

My total loss is, therefore, 3 officers and 94 men.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Brigadier General, Commanding First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

Captain WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Nineteenth Army Corps.

Itinerary of the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, for September, 1863.*

September 1.- Brigadier General G. Weitzel assumed command at Baton Rouge, La.

September 2.- The First Brigade moved from Baton Rouge by steamers to New Orleans.

September 4.- The First and Third Brigades, and Company A, First Artillery, embarked on transports, and sailed at 5 p. m.

September 5.- At 6 a. m. arrived at Southwest Pass. Sailed at 9 a. m., steering westward, under convoy of gunboat Arizona.

September 6.- At 6 a. m. arrived off Berwick Back; joined by gunboats Clifton and Sachem; 1 officer and 25 sharpshooters on Sachem, and 2 officers and 75 sharpshooters on Clifton, and steamed westward.

---------------

*From "Record of Events," on division return.

---------------

