
November 5.- Captain Henry A. Greene, commanding Fort McRae, reports that a band of Indians crossed the Rio Grande near the Rio Plumas, with several hundred sheep, on the 4th of November. As soon as the information was received at Fort McRae, Captain Greene mounted 7 men, and started for the point it was reported the Indians had crossed. Arriving there, he found that the men at the vedetted station had already started in pursuit. Captain Greene took up the trail, and the 5th instant, overtook the men from the station. After traveling with them for 150 miles, Captain Greene returned to Fort McRae, leaving Sergeant Rhodes and Corporal Argust to follow the trail. On the 12th November, Sergeants Rhodes returned, and reported that he overtook the Indians about 225 miles from the Rio Grande, and, after a sharp skirmish, routed them, and recovered 170 sheep. Private Atkinson was wounded by an arrow in this affair. The sergeant and the men who were with him are highly commended by Captain Greene. Indian loss, 1 killed and 4 wounded. Captain Greene states that the Indians could not have crossed the river with the sheep within 2 miles of Lieutenant Whittemore's camp had that officer used proper vigilance. Our loss, 1 private wounded.

November 5.- Lieutenant Nicholas Hodt, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, left Fort Canby October 27, on a scout after Indians. Result of this scout, 4 Government mules worn out and shot.

November -.- E. Montoya, brigadier-general, New Mexico Militia, reports that Captain Tafolla overtook a party of Indians near the Sierra del Datil, and took from them 26 head of cattle, 4 burros, and 3 horses.

November -.- E. Montoya reports that his party attacked a band of Indians at the Three Brothers, and recovered 42 head of cattle - no Indians killed.

November 15.- Colonel Carson, with his command, left Fort Canby for the country west of the Oribi villages, for the purpose of chastising the Navajo Indians inhabiting that region. On the 16th, a detachment under Sergt. Andres Herrera overtook a small party of Indians, 2 of whom were killed and 2 wounded; 50 sheep and 1 horse were captured. Colonel Carson speaks in high terms of the zeal and energy displayed by Sergeant Herrera.

On the 25th, the command captured 1 boy and 7 horses, and destroyed an encampment; on the same day captured 1 woman and 1 child, and about 500 head of sheep and goats, 70 horses, and destroyed an Indian village. On the 3rd of December, surprised an Indian encampment, capturing 1 horse and 4 oxen. The Indians escaped. Indian loss, 2 killed, 2 wounded, 3 captured; 550 sheep and goats, 9 horses, and 4 oxen captured.

November 27.- Roman A. Baca reports that he left Cebolletta with a party of 116 mounted Mexicans, and traveled in a northwesterly direction for six days; when about 50 miles from Chusca, on the sixth day out, the party encountered about 200 Indians; killed, and took 3 prisoners, who are now in the custody of Lieutenant Stevens. The party also captured 3 Indian ponies.

November 30.- L. M. Baca, judge of probate, reports that on the night of the 27th November, 3 miles from La Joya, the people at that place captured from 61 Navajoes, 1,907 head of sheep.

November 30.- Lieutenant J. Laughlin, while en route from Fort Wingate to Los Pinos, on the night of November 30, surprised a party of 6 or 7 Indians at the Rio Puerco; the Indians fled, leaving 70 head of cattle, which were taken to Los Pinos and turned over to the owner.

