
September 7.- Convoy having missed the entrance to Sabine Pass, during the early morning the squadron returned to Lake Calcasieu, and anchored at 10 a. m., joined by Brigadier-General Emory's fleet. Steamer for Sabine Pass at 4 p. m.; arrived at 9 p. m.

September 8.- At 7 a. m. arrived at Sabine Pass. Transferred the Seventy-fifth New York Volunteers from steamer Belvidere to river steamer Thomas. At 8 a. m. steamed for bar. During the day a selected party was placed on board the steamboat Banks, to attempt a landing.

At 3 p. m. the gunboats opened fire upon the rebel battery. The Sachem having been exploded and Clifton grounded, it was found impossible to land troops. At 6 p. m. troops returned to transports. Ordered to proceed to Southwest Pass. At 9 a. m. en route for Southwest Pass.

September 11.- At 6 a. m. arrived at the mouth of Mississippi River, and anchored at the head of the passes. At 3 p. m. sailed for New Orleans.

September 12.- Arrived at New Orleans; troops ordered into camp at Algiers.

September 15.- The Third Brigade proceeded by rail to Brashear City.

September 16.- The First Brigade and Battery L proceeded by rail to Brashear City.

September 17.- Crossed Berwick Bay, and encamped at Berwick city.

September 20.- Moved to Washington Smith's plantation, and encamped, joined by the First Maine Battery.

September 26.- At 4 a. m. moved to Tarleton's plantation; marched 10 miles, and encamped at 10 a. m.

September 28.- Two regiments and Battery L, First Artillery, under command of Colonel Love, moved to head to Bayou Lallie road, to support cavalry reconnaissance.

September 29.- Colonel Love's command returned to camp at Tarleton's.

September 30.- In camp at Tarleton's plantation.

Numbers 5. Itinerary of the First Brigade, Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, Brigadier General Frank s. Nickerson, U. S. Army, commanding, for September, 1863.*

September 2.- This brigade left Baton Rouge, La., on transports Pocahontas, Belvidere, and North America. The last-named vessel being condemned as unseaworthy, the One hundred and tenth and One hundred and sixty-second New York Volunteers and Fourteenth Maine Regiments were transferred tot he Robert C. Winthrop, at New Orleans, and the brigade, under command of Brigadier-General Nickerson, constituted part of the expedition to Sabine Pass which sailed for New Orleans on September 4.

September 12.- It returned to Algiers, La.

September 17.- It proceeded, under command of Brigadier General J. W. McMillan, by the Opelousas Railriad, to Brashear City.

September 18.- It marched to its present camp, Bisland.

---------------

*From "Record of Events," on brigade return.

---------------

