
The necessity for additional forces on the northern frontier, connected with the fact that several companies of [W. H.] Griffin's battalion, which was stationed on the Sabine Pass, were becoming restless under the depredations reported to have been committed by the Indians and others in the section of country in which these companies were raised, induced me to order them to Millican, and hold at that point four companies of this battalion, leaving a force of 200 men to man the fort at the Pass.

The enemy has, perhaps, compelled them to retire and occupy the fort. This, however, if it has occurred, could not have been prevented by these four companies remaining at Sabine Pass, inasmuch as the whole of the force at that place could not have stood against so large a force of the enemy. I have the honor to state that I have ordered all the troops which have arrived at Millican, under my orders, to Beaumont and Orange, to prevent the enemy, if possible, from ascending the Sabine River, or from occupying the important position of Beaumont, and thus securing the railroad. The troops ordered to Sabine and vicinity are as follows: The Third Regiment Texas Infantry, Gould's regiment, four companies of Griffin's battalion, Jones' company of light artillery, and a battalion of light artillery, consisting of Captains Nichols' and Gonzales' batteries. Besides the 200 men already there, there are four companies of Elmore's regiment in the vicinity of the Pass. The only other regiment at my disposal, Colonel Buchel's, has been ordered by me to Beaumont.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.

BEAUMONT,

September 10, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to announce a second brilliant victory over the enemy's fleet, gained at Sabine Pass on the evening of the 8th instant, resulting in the capture of two fine gunboats, the Clifton and the Sachem, with a full supply of ordnance stores, eighteen heavy guns, 200 prisoners, among them Commander Frederick Crocker, commanding the expedition, the loss of the enemy being over 50 killed and wounded, while on our side not a man was hurt.

This gallant achievement was won by the little garrison at Fort Grisby (44 men), commanded by Lieutenant R. W. Dowling, supported by a small force, the whole under command of Captain F. H. Odlum. Though attacked by five of the enemy's gunboats, the little fort, mounting but three guns of small caliber, maintained its fire until the two gunboats mentioned were forced to surrender, while the other fled over the bar (one of them being badly crippled), to join the discomfited fleet of twenty-two more vessels which witnessed the contest.

This victory, even in the face of a formidable expedition which still threatens the coast, is announced with the more satisfaction from the fact that the two vessels captured were among those which disgracefully fled under a flag of truce from the scene of triumph of Texas valor at Galveston in January last.

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major General, Commanding Dist. of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona.

Brigadier General [W.] R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.

