
To-night we expect an attack, and we have distributed our little band in various quarters ready for the onset. I have the gunboat Sachem alongside the wharf, and am taking off her guns. I shall go to the Clifton in half an hour, and as she is hard aground, I will endeavor to save her guns, and will, at high tide in the morning, try and get their into the dock.

Killed and wounded of the 42 men, praises be to God, none on our side.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEON SMITH,

Commanding Marine Department, Texas.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 9. Reports of Captain F. H. Odlum, Cook's (Texas) Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS,Sabine Pass, September 8-7.30 a. m.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the enemy opened fire this morning at 6.30 o'clock from one of their steamers, and withdraw at 7.30 o'clock, after firing twenty-six shell. One shot struck the parapet, but did no material damage. One shell struck within the works, but no ne hurt. The shell is believed to be an 11-inch shell. Their shots are all good, but doing no damage. I issued orders to Lieutenant [R. W.] Dowling, commanding Fort Griffin, to reserve his fire until the steamers were within range, and then to aim at their wheel-houses, so as to cripple them, which I believe will answer very well. Lieutenant Dowling is carrying out my orders strictly. The gunboat Uncle Ben will act according to circumstances. I have only three companies to keep the enemy at bay. I am under the impression they will try to take us by sea and land. There are six steamers within the bar, apparently holding a consultation. If possible, I hope the commanding general will send troops here at once. I am determined [missing] the Pass, if possible. There are twenty-one vessels outside the [missing].

Yours, very respectfully,

F. H. ODLUM,

Captain Cook's Artillery, Commanding Sabine Pass.

Captain A. N. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Sabine Pass, Tex., September 9, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 8th instant our fight commenced just below the old fort, at 6.30 a. m., by the enemy's steamer Clifton opening fire on us, giving us about twenty-six shot and shell, all within range, and most of them falling close to the fort, one shell exploding within the fort, and one striking the parapet on the south angle without doing material damage. They withdraw at 7.30 a. m., without receiving any reply from us.

At 11 o'clock, ordered the gunboat [Uncle] Ben to steam down near the fort, for the purpose of making a feint, and showing the enemy she

