
On the 4th of November, 10 head of cattle belonging to the command at Valles Grande were driven off by the Indians.

On the 9th day of November, Jose Ignacio Valencia, in charge of a herd of sheep, had a fight with the Indians at Canoncitas of the Conchas; 1 Indian was killed.

December 1.-Captain Henry A. Greene, First Infantry, California Volunteers, receiving information that a band of Indians had crossed the Jornada with 200 sheep, took 7 men of his company and started on their trail. The party overtook the sheep on the summit of the Sierra Caballo, on the east of the Rio Grande. The sheep were taken to Fort McRae.

December 16.- Major Henry D. Wallen, Seventh U. S. Infantry, commanding Fort Sumner, reports that on the morning of the 16th instant Mr. Labadie and Rev. Mr. Fialon reported to him that a large number of Indians, with an immense herd of sheep, were at the Carretas. The officers and men of Company D, Fifth, and Company C, Seventh Infantry, were awakened and prepared to take the field, with two days' rations. A lieutenant with 8 mounted men of Company B, Second Cavalry, California Volunteers, was also got in readiness; Mr. Labadie, Mr. Fialon, and 30 Apache Indians also started in pursuit. The party left the post at 5.30 a.m. for the Carretas. The mounted men and Indian agent with the Indians outstripped the party on foot, and took up the Navajo trail on the west bank of the Pecos River. At 35 miles northwest from Fort Sumner, they overtook the Navajoes, in number about 130, 10 mounted and 20 armed with rifles. A severe contest ensued, in which the Navajoes lost 12 killed and left on the field, and a number killed and wounded who were carried off; 1 prisoner taken, all the sheep recovered, amounting to 5,259; 13 burros, 4 rifles, 1 horse, their provisions, blankets, 150 pairs of moccasins, and nearly all the effects taken from Mr. Labadie's train.

Major Wallen calls the attention of the general commanding to the gallant conduct of Mr. Labadie, Privates Loder and Osier, of Company B, Second Cavalry, California Volunteers, Ohio Blanco and Cadetta, the chiefs of Apaches; Alazan, and Apache, who was badly wounded, and the Apaches generally, who rendered signal service.

Lieutenant Newbold with 3 men pursued the flying Navajoes 3 miles beyond the scene of action, but, owing to the exhausted condition of his animals, was obliged to desist from farther pursuit.

The Navajoes, just before reaching the Pecos, were, alarmed by some pistol-shots discharged from a wagon train, and abandoned 4,630 sheep, which were secured by the Mexicans attached to the train.

Lieutenant McDermott, with 10 mounted men and 6 Apaches, was sent to collect the herd and bring it to the post. Before reaching the camp, Alazan, the Apache named above, died.

December 16.- Thirty-five Navajo Indians were sent to Fort Sumner this day; this party gave themselves up at Fort Wingate as prisoners of war.

December 20.- First Lieutenant D. Montoya, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, in accordance with instructions received from Colonel Carson, left Fort Canby in pursuit of a party of Navajo Indians. On the second day out, marched through a heavy snow-storm. On the third day, came upon and Indian encampment, attacked it, and succeeded in killing 1 Indian and capturing 13 women and children, besides a lot of Navajo blankets, moccasins, &amp;c. Near the Pueblo Colorado the command pursued 2 Indians (man and woman), and wounded the Indian and captured the woman.

