
was all right. They honored her with three shots, which all passed over and clear of us, after which all remained quite until about 3 p. m., when eight of the enemy's boats commenced moving up the Pass, four or five of the foremost firing constantly on the fort with shot and shell, grape and canister, hailing them in and all around the fort. We retained our fire at the fort until the first three of them got within close and easy range, when we opened on them fast and heavy, and waked them up with astonishment, as they afterward said, for they had taken our guns for wooden imitations from our holding fire so long. About the fifth shot took good effect in the boiler of the Sachem, the foremost of the fleet, blowing her up and silencing her. Next, and very soon after, the Clifton was served in the same way, and also silenced, and in the meantime the third was being badly peppered and crippled, and began falling back, when the balance of the ascending fleet took warning and fright, and all got back to the bar. The first two, hoisting a white flag, surrendered unconditionally.

We captured two steamers, carrying thirteen guns, of which the Sachem had five-one a 30-pounder rifled Parrott, an excellent gun in fine order, and four 32-pounders. The Sachem is a propeller.

The Clifton, a regular steamship, carried eight guns, of which two are rifled 32-pounder Parrotts, two 9-inch Dahlgrens, and four 32-pounder smooth-bores, all in good order. Besides these we captured a quantity of small-arms of different kinds, together with a large lot of ammunition and naval stores of various descriptions, and also a good store of provisions and medicines.

Neither of the vessels are materially damaged, and can be easily repaired, and each is worth over $500,000 apiece. We have them both safe and anchored at the Pass. The crews on both vessels number about 180, of whom about 18 wee killed, several wounded, and the balance prisoners.

On the whole, strictly and positively, nobody hurt. Not a single man received even a scratch, and the fort but very slightly inured, and the contents entirely uninjured.

On the whole, it is a glorious and honorable little affair, considering the very small handful of men then at the post and the powerful and formidable appearance of the enemy. The men are in high spirits, and elated with the result, and eager for another attack. It does really seem that Providence has kindly favored us in this affair.

I don't think it amiss here to add that the glory and honor, with the sanction of God, in this little victory is ascribed not only by me, but by all that witnessed it, entirely and exclusively to the Davis Guards, in command of First Lieutenant R. W. Dowling, commanding the battery, assisted by Lieutenant [N. H.] Smith, of the engineering department, who volunteered his services on he occasion, the company being short of commissioned officers. They all acted nobly and bravely, and acquitted themselves with honor.

Captains [R. V.] Cook's and [Charles] Boucle's companies, of Griffin's battalion, arrived just in time to assist in bringing in the vessels and prisoners. The three companies of Elmore's regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel [L. A.] Abercrombie, unfortunately did not arrive in time to participate in the engagement.

I have the honor to be your most obedient servant,

F. H. ODLUM,

Captain, Cook's Artillery, Commanding Sabine Pass.

Captain A. N. MILLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

