
Captain W. S. Good, ordnance officer, Dr. Murray, acting assistant surgeon, behaved with great coolness and gallantry, and by them I was enabled to send for re-enforcements, as the men were becoming exhausted by the rapidity of our fire; but before they could accomplish their mission, the enemy surrendered.

Thus it will be seen we captured with 47 men two gunboats, mounting thirteen guns of the heaviest caliber, and about 350 prisoners. All my men behaved like heroes; not a man flinched from his post. Our motto was "victory or death."

I beg leave to make particular mention of Private Michael McKernan, who, from his well-known capacity as a gunner, I assigned as gunner to one of the guns, and nobly did he do his duty. It was his shot struck the Sachem in her steam-drum.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to Major [Colonel] Leon Smith for his activity and energy in saving and bringing the vessels into port.

I have the honor, captain, to remain, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

R. W. DOWLING,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Co. F, Cook's Art., Fort Griffin, Sabine pass.

Captain F. H. ODLUM,

Commanding Post.

Numbers 11. Thanks of the Confederate Congress to Captain Odlum, Lieutenant Doweling, and the men under their command.

Resolved, That the thanks of Congress are eminently due, and are hereby cordially given, to Captain Odlum, Lieutenant Richard W. Dowling, and the 41 men composing the Davis Guards, under their command, for their daring, gallant, and successful defense of Sabine Pass, Tex., against the attack made by the enemy on the 8th of September last, with a fleet of five gunboats and twenty-two steam transports, carrying a land force of 15,000 men.

Resolved, That this defense, resulting, under the Providence of God, in the defeat of the enemy, the capture of two gunboats, with more than 300 prisoners, including the commander of the fleet; the crippling of a third gunboat, the dispersion of the transports, and preventing the invasion of Texas, constitutes, in the opinion of congress, one of the most brilliant and heroic achievements in the history of this war, and entitles the Davis Guards to the gratitude and admiration of their country.

Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate the foregoing resolutions to Captain Odlum, Lieutenant Dowling, and the men under their command.

Approved February 8, 1864.

SEPTEMBER 7, 1863.-Skirmish at Morgan's Ferry, on the Atchafalaya, La.

report of Major General Francis J. Herron, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Morgan's Bend, September 8, 1863.

GENERAL: I arrived below this place night before last, but could not learn anything definite from the commander of the Neosho. By reconnoitering

