
yesterday with the cavalry, the main body of the enemy was discovered to be at Morgan's Ferry, on the Atchafalaya, 3,000 strong, under Brigadier-General Green. I sent out a portion of one brigade, under Colonel Day, to look after the party hovering about this place. He skirmished with them during the entire afternoon, driving them back toward the main body. his loss is 6 wounded; that of the enemy 2 killed, 10 or 12 wounded, and about the same number prisoners in our hands. The enemy has possession of all the roads leading back from the river, and it is impossible to get around them without marching 55 or 60 miles. I leave at daylight with the balance of my command to join Colonel Day, and will attack Green at once. He shows fight, and says he will meet us at Morgan's Ferry, and I propose to accommodate him. Small bodies of the enemy are constantly hovering near us on the south, firing on our pickets, &amp;c.

I communicated yesterday with Captain Ramsay, commanding gunboat lying off the mouth of Red River. He says the enemy have two transports in sue on the Atchafalaya, and that mounted parties of Green's command are moving through the country south of Red River.

On the east side of the river 4,000 cavalry, under Logan, Posey [Powers?], and [John S.] Scott, are annoying the planters and firing upon boats. They range from Port Hudson to Fort Adams.

Among the captures yesterday is one John A. Stevenson, of New orleans, who is an agent of the Confederate Government, buying cotton as basis for their loan. He had considerable Confederate money and drafts, and printed contracts for a large amount of cotton.

I cannot learn that the enemy have over eight pieces of artillery.

Will report further to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff.

SEPTEMBER 13-OCTOBER 2, 1863.-Scouting near Lake Pontchartrain, La.

Report of Lieutenant C. M. Allen, Second Arkansas Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR RAYMOND, MISS.,

October 9, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders from Colonel F. Demential, commanding brigade in your absence, I left camp on the morning of September 13 with a squad of 6 men, for the purpose of scouting in that portion of Louisiana bordering on Lake Pontchartrain, and extending from to the Mississippi, (Saint Tammany, Livingston, and Ascension Parishes).

On the morning of the sixth day from camp, I crossed the Amite River at Scriver's Ferry by swimming, and proceed to the Mississippi River, where I encountered 9 of the enemy's scouts and vedettes, whom I captured, together with their arms, accouterments, and 4 led horses. They reported to me that their camp consisted of about 40 men from the Fourteenth New York Cavalry, and was located opposite Donaldsonville. Dispatching a guard of 5 men with the prisoners, with orders to drop back tot e Amite Swamp, I, with 1 man, proceeded down the river some 5 miles. I found the crops in the fine condition, particularly the cane,

