
the 15th ultimo, with 40 men each of Companies H, First Infantry, California Volunteers, and F, First New Mexico Volunteers, for an expedition against the Navajo Indians. I proceeded from this post direct to a rancheria in the vicinity of the Sierra Datil, about 100 miles from here; but on my arrival at that point found it had been attacked two days before by a party of abut 300 Pueblo Indians, who had killed the chief, Barboncito, with 16 others, and captured 44 squaws and children, and about 1,000 head of sheep, losing themselves 2 men. This had scattered the Navajoes from this vicinity. While I was here, the Indians passed close by me, with 200 or 300 head of horses and a large quantity of sheep; but, having no mounted men, I was unable to overtake them. They passed north and I was informed were going to the Sierra Chusca.

I then proceeded about 50 miles south to the Cienega Amarrilla. In this vicinity their were signs of having been large lots of stock, principally horses, but they were driven off on our arrival, and we were not able to overtake them. We succeeded in taking 1 horse and 1 mule at this place.

After searching this country thoroughly, I marched, in accordance with my orders, to the Little Colorado River which stream I reached at the point of its issue from the Sierra Blanca. I proceeded down the river examining the country for about 40 miles, everything in that vicinity showing that the Indians had left there. I directed the command by way of the Venado Spring to the Ojo Redondo, or Jacob's Well, on Beale's wagon-road to California.

At this point I found few Indians, capturing 2. I also found large fields of corn, watermelons, and pumpkins, which I destroyed; also a large rancheria, which was burned by us.

From this place I returned to Fort Wingate, having been absent twenty-one days, and traveling with infantry companies very nearly 400 miles.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the officers and men of this command. No men could be more anxious to do their duty, or more cheerfully incur the hardships of a campaign. After a march of 25 to 30 miles, the whole command would cheerfully volunteer and march the whole night on the slightest prospect of doing any service.

In passing Zuni, I found those Indians had declared war against the navajoes, and at the time I was there were having a war-dance over some scalps taken by them. Their chiefs requested from me that, in case of the Government making a peace with the Navajoes, they should be informed of it, as the intended to continue fighting them until this happened.

It is the opinion of all who have facilities for gaining information that I have conversed with that the Navajo tribe have been more severely punished this summer than ever before. They have been closely hunted in almost every direction by the troops, and of late by the Zuni, Apache, and Pueblo Indians.

In the large scope of country over which I have traveled during th past month, every evidence tends to show that in that section they have no longer permanent abiding places, but are fleeing from one part to another, in a continual state of fear.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD B. WILLIS,

Major First Infantry, California Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Captain BENJ. C. CUTLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.

