
SEPTEMBER 23, 1863.-Affair opposite Donaldsonville, La.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. D. Smith, Aide-de-Camp.

NEW ORLEANS,

September 23, 1863-10.30 p. m.

I have the honor to leave copy of telegram just received:

DONALDSONVILLE, VIA BONNET CARRE,

September 23.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. SMITH:

The rebel cavalry, 200 or 300 strong, made a descent on Captain Metcalf's company, Fourteenth New York Cavalry, last night at 1 o'clock, opposite this place. They were completely surprised. Captain Metcalf and about 10 men, and also Mr. Allen, the telegraph operator, were taken prisoners. Do not know how many were taken up the river on telegraph line. Will write you particulars as soon as I get them. Have saved all the papers and instrument belonging to telegraph office.

W. O FISKE,

Colonel, Commanding.

We also have information at headquarters Defenses of New Orleans that about 1,500 mounted men are in that region. This having to be sent to Bonnet Carre before telegraphing here, accounts for the late hour of receipt. I know of nothing I can do this evening, but if you wish to see me any time to-night, your servant will find me at 19 Rampart street, this side of canal.

Your obedient servant,

W. D. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

GENERAL STONE.

SEPTEMBER 24-29, 1863.-Expeditions from Carrollton and Baton Rouge to New River and to the Amite River, La.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Stephen g. Burbridge, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2.-Itinerary of the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, for September, 1863.

Numbers 3.-Colonel Oliver P. Gooding, Thirty-first Massachusetts Infantry, commanding at Baton Rouge, La.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Stephen G. Burbridge, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.

CARROLLTON, LA.,

September 30, 1863.

COLONEL: In pursuance to instructions from corps headquarters, asking for a report of my recent operations against the enemy on New River and the country on the Amite, I respectfully submit as follows:

On the evening of the 24th instant, I was directed by Major-General Ord to proceed up the Mississippi River with 1,500 infantry, one battery of light artillery, and the Sixteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry, mounted, to a point near Donaldsonville, and debark on the left bank of the river, destroy, capture, or break up the enemy under Logan, as well as force th evacuation of all the space between the Mississippi River and Lakes Maurepas and Pontchartrain.

