
In obedience to these instructions, I directed Colonel Owen, commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division, to prepare his command for the expedition, and at 8 o'clock the expedition was ready for embarking. In consequence of the boats detailed for transporting the troops not arriving promptly, much delay was occasioned. At 8.35 o'clock, I received a dispatch from General Stone saying that all the boats were on the way, but at 12 o'clock only three had arrived. Supposing that the other boat would soon report, I embarked with the Eighty-third Ohio, and pushed forward to have all arranged at Donaldsonville by the time the remainder of the forces should arrive. Colonel Owen was left in command, with instructions to follow on as rapidly as possible.

I arrived at Donaldsonville at 7 a. m., September 25, and delivered orders to Captain Carnahan for additional cavalry force. The captain immediately reported with about 120 men, but as the Glasgow did not arrive at Carrollton until about 4 a. m. on the 25th, Colonel Owen was not able to join me with the remaining forces until 4 p. m. As soon as he arrived, I debarked the infantry and artillery at a point about 4 miles below Donaldsonville, called Manning's, and proceeded into the interior about 10 miles, to New River, and encamped for the night at a point called Lannaries.

The cavalry and mounted infantry was put in charge of Colonel Lucas, Sixteenth Indiana, and directed to debark about 9 miles above Donaldsonville, proceed by way of Dutch Store, cross Bayou Manchac at Hampton's Ferry, thence to the Amite, cross at Bennett's Ferry, and join me at Galveston, by approaching it from the rear. upon learning from reliable scouts and citizens that there was no enemy in that vicinity, and that the party of the enemy who had recently visited the neighborhood of Donaldsonville had passed thirty-six hours in my advance, I did not deem it necessary to move the infantry and artillery farther into the interior. So, on the morning of the 25th, I sent forward all the mounted force at my command to meet Colonel Lucas at Galveston, and deliver him instructions to proceed to Civique's, 5 miles below, on the Amite, destroy that bridge, and rejoin med at my camp on New River.

Colonel Lucas followed his instructions with promptness and zeal, and met the mounted force sent forward at Galveston. He was not able to cross the Amite at Galveston, and was compelled to proceed to Civique's, on the east side of the river. At 10 p. m. I received a dispatch from him, saying that there was no enemy heard of or seen in that country; that the bridge has been destroyed; that the could not cross thee; and that he would return by way of Bennett's Ferry, and rejoin me as soon as possible.

Upon receiving this dispatch, I at once directed the infantry and artillery to return to the Mississippi at Manning's, and sent forward couriers ordering the transports to meet me there.

At 6 a. m. on the 27th, all the infantry and artillery had arrived safely back on the Mississippi. About 10 a. m., 27th, I dispatched to General Stone, chief of staff, asking for instructions, and was directed to return. Thereupon I immediately embarked with the Eighty-third Ohio, and returned, leaving Colonel Owen to bring back the remaining forces as soon as Colonel Lucas rejoined him. I arrived at my headquarters, Carrollton, at 10 p. m.

At 1 a. m. Colonel Lucas arrived at Manning's, much exhausted, having marched 150 miles. The cavalry forces from Donaldsonville were sent back to their place of encampment at Donaldsonville, and at 4 p. m. Colonel Owen reported at Carrollton with the remainder of the expedition.

