
The only enemy heard of in that country was the party of about 80, who had visited the vicinity of Donaldsonville. Citizens reported a camp of 300 or 400 on the Ponchatoula River. We found the roads passable; citizens disposed to be peaceable, and thriftless. Many paroled prisoners from Vicksburg and others who had abandoned the rebel service were met. Some horses and mules were impressed, but mostly to supply the places of those broken down by heavy marching.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Expedition.

Colonel WALTER B. SCATES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 2. Itinerary of the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, for September, 1863.*

September 1.-Colonel Lucas, in command of the First Brigade, Fourth (late Tenth) Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, recently arrived from Vicksburg, and is now encamped at Carrollton, La., continuing a regular system of drill, especially in the bayonet exercise. General Lawler has been commanding the division since General Smith's assignment to duty at Columbus, Ky.

September 7.-Colonel Owen, having recovered from illness, reports for duty, and resumes command of the brigade.

September 11.-The brigade quartermaster, Captain Friedley, resumes his duties, having been absent on leave.

September 18.-The Sixteenth Indiana Volunteers permanently detached from the brigade, to act as mounted infantry.

September 20.-General Burbridge assumes command of the division.

September 24.-The First U. S. Infantry attached to the brigade for the purpose of making its reports and drawing supplies, but remains on duty at corps headquarters. The brigade ordered on an expedition to Ascension Parish, La. Embarked on steamers Meteor, Kennett, Empress, and Glasgow.

September 25.-About 2 p. m. landed nearly opposite. Donaldsonville. The brigade marched to New River, about 10 miles.

September 26.-On New River until evening, the cavalry being sent forward. The rebels having dispersed, the infantry and artillery of the brigade marched during the night to the east bank of the Mississippi, opposite Donaldsonville, La.

September 27.-Embarked, awaiting the cavalry of the expedition, wiz, the Fourth Illinois and Sixteenth Indiana.

September 28.-Our boat conveyed the Fourth Illinois Cavalry to Donaldsonville, and took the Sixteenth Indiana, with infantry and artillery, to Carrollton Landing. Here an order was met for the artillery to remain on board, be conveyed to Algiers, La., and thence by railroad to Brashear City, La., which was carried out. The infantry regiments of the brigade, at the date of this return, [September 30,] remain in camp near Carrollton, La., 4 miles from the city of New Orleans.

---------------

*From brigade returns.

---------------

