
Lieutenant Montoya recommends to the notice of the colonel commanding the good conduct and soldierly bearing of First Lieutenant C. M. Hubbell and First Sergt. Antonio Nava, of Company C, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, who were severely wounded in the last affair. Corporal Marquez, of Company C, was particularly conspicuous on this scout; he was also wounded. Sergt. Jose M. Ortiz was also very active in pursuing and engaging the Indians.

December 7.- Lieutenant Benj. Stevens reports that he saw 3 Mexicans near Cebolletta, having 3 Indian captives in their possession. The whole party were taken prisoners by him. The Mexicans soon after made their escape. The captives were sent to Fort Sumner.

December 22.- Captain John Thompson, First Cavalry, New Mexico Volunteers, left Fort Canby with 100 men on a scout after Indians. On the 26th, at Mesa la Baca, sent out Sergeant Romero with 30 men, who came upon a party of Indians; killed 1 and captured 12. On the same day, a party under Sergeant Dorsette discovered 2 Indians; wounded 1 and captured the other. Indian loss: 1 killed, 13 captives, and 1 wounded.

On the 6th of December the Navajoes ran off some cows from the Pueblo Santa Ana. The Indians of the pueblo went in pursuit, recovered their stock, and killed 2 Navajoes.

On the 11th of December, Jose Ma. Martin, with a party of Mexicans, went in pursuit of Navajoes who had been stealing stock. The stock was recovered and 2 Indians killed.

On the 28th December, the people of San Miguel and Pueblo overtook and surprised a party of Indians, and recovered a lot of cattle and took the arms of the Indians.

The zeal and energy shown by the officers and soldiers, and the fortitude with which they have encountered hunger, thirst, fatigue, and exposure in their pursuit of hostile Indians within this department during the past year, are deserving of the highest admiration. Not less is this due to those parties who were so unfortunate as not to overtake the Indians than to those who camp up with them. All toiled and suffered alike. The gallantry which every one has shown been there was an opportunity to close with the enemy proves that virtue among the troops in New Mexico is common to all.

The alacrity with which citizens of New Mexico have taken the field to pursue and encounter the Indians is worthy of all praise. Many of them have been conspicuous for their courage; and all have shown a settled determination to assist the military in their efforts to rid the country of the fierce and brutal robbers and murderers who for nearly two centuries have brought poverty to its inhabitants and mourning and desolation to nearly every hearth throughout the Territory.

The department commander congratulates the troops and the people on the auspicious opening of the year 1864. For one hundred and eighty years the Navajo Indians have ravaged New Mexico; but it is confidently expected that the year 1864 will witness the end of hostilities with that tribe. The New Mexico will take a stride toward that great prosperity which has lain within her grasp, but which hitherto she has not been permitted to enjoy.

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

BEN. C. CUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

