
General Herron's division at Morganza suffered the loss of about 400 men, captured the early part of this week. The enemy's force consisted of two brigades, under the command of General Green. The troops were much advanced and made a most gallant defense, but were overpowered by numbers.

The enemy sent in a flag of truce, with a request for permission to bury their dead. Their loss was considerable in killed and wounded, and we have some prisoners, among others the colonel of one of the regiments.

A skirmish took place yesterday between the advanced cavalry on the line of the Teche, under Colonel Davis, and about 200 of the enemy's cavalry.

The enemy was quickly repulsed, losing one gun, which was captured by us, and the loss of the officer in charge of the gun, who was killed. We suffered no loss.

Our whole force is now moving upon New Iberia. I have suffered much anxiety on account of the dilatory movements of the troops, but it has been impossible to hasten them. In my next dispatch, I trust to give you more favorable information.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major General N. J. T. Dana, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.

MORGANZA, LA.,

September 29, 1863-8 p. m.

SIR: The advance force stationed at Bayou Fordoche was attacked about noon to-day on all sides simultaneously by General Green, with probably three brigades. The cavalry escaped, but the Nineteenth Iowa and Twenty-sixth Indiana, amounting to about 500 men, with two guns, were captured. They are reported to have made a gallant defense and to have suffered greatly. I have taken some prisoners, including a colonel.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Morganza, La., September 30, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I assumed command of the detachment here at noon on the 28th instant, Major-General Herron leaving at that time. The troops were stationed at this point on the river, with an advanced detachment 7 miles out on the direct road to the Atchafalaya River, being the nearest place where water could be obtained. This detachment was composed of a part of the Nineteenth

21 R R-VOL XXVI, PT I

