
command of Colonel Day, who met the enemy's pickets, and afterward found the enemy in some force, and, after some light skirmishing, drove them across the Atchafalaya River, and fell back 3 miles until morning.

September 9.-The First Brigade, under Major-General Herron, started out and joined Colonel Day, when Major-General Herron proceeded in force to the Atchafalaya to reconnoiter; arrived about 4 p. m., and immediately began skirmishing with the enemy. Having ascertained position, &amp;c., and orders being not to bring on an engagement, retired to the Mississippi. Marched 30 miles. Lost 1 killed, and 1 officer and 2 men wounded.

September 12.-The cavalry force was ordered to the front to keep a close watch on the enemy, and the Nineteenth Iowa, Twenty-sixth Indiana, and a section of Battery E, First Missouri Light Artillery, were sent out some 7 miles in front, to strongly picket the country and support the cavalry, all commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Leake, Twentieth Iowa, where all remained, as ordered by department headquarters watching and harassing the enemy. The rest of the division present on the expedition lay on the levee of the Mississippi, without tents, blankets, or change of clothing, with nothing transpiring of importance, until the 28th instant, when, Major-General Herron having received a leave of absence, Major-General Dana was assigned to the command of the division.

September 29.-In the morning, the enemy, having crossed the river in force, surrounded Colonel Leake's command, and, after a desperate engagement, captured the largest portion of his men, with the section of artillery. Our loss is: Commissioned officers killed, 2; wounded, 4. Enlisted men killed, 11; wounded, 30; missing, about 350. It is impossible to obtain correct reports of the missing, as parts of each regiment are in Carrollton, and all regimental and company books are there.*

September 30.-Division still at Morgan's Bend.

RETURN OF THE FIRST BRIGADE, Colonel WILLIAM M'E. DYE COMMANDING.

September 1.-Brigade yet encamped at Carrollton, La., but in readiness to move on short notice.

September 5.-Orders received to embark immediately, in the lightest possible marching order, leaving all baggage and transportation. The Thirty-eighth Iowa Volunteer Infantry, being unfit for active field service, was ordered into convalescent camp at Carrollton. Left Carrollton at 3.30 p. m., and arrived at Port Hudson, La., at 8 a. m. on the 6th. Remained here until about midnight, and went from thence to McCollum's Landing.

September 10.-Brigade moved out to Atchafalaya River, 12 miles. Remained there until 3 a. m. of the 11th, and arrived at Morganza at 3 p. m., the transports having moved up during the night to this place.

September 12.-At 4 p. m. troops embarked and the transports dropped down to McCollum's Landing.

September 14.-Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Leake was placed in command of a detachment from the division, comprising the Twenty-sixth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, one section of Battery E, detachment of mounted infantry from Twentieth and Thirty-fourth Iowa and Thirty-seventh Illinois, of the First Brigade, and ordered to proceed to the vicinity of Atchalaya Bayou, to watch the movements of the enemy, the balance of the brigade remaining at McCollum's Landing until the 20th; then

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 325.

---------------

