
embarked and moved up to Morganza; there disembarked and bivouacked on the banks of the river.

September 27.-Steamer Brown arrived with the baggage of the command. Health of the troops generally good.

RETURN OF THE SECOND BRIGADE, Colonel H. M. DAY COMMANDING.

September 1.-Brigade in camp at Carrollton, near New Orleans, La.

September 4.-Corps reviewed by Major General U. S. Grant.

September 6.-Brigade embarked for up the Mississippi, by order of Major-General Herron, arriving at McCollum's Landing, near Port Hudson, La.

September 8.-The Ninety-first and Ninety-fourth Illinois, and Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry, Battery B, First Missouri Artillery, was ordered out on a reconnaissance by General Herron toward Atchafalaya River, under command of Colonel Day. When the command arrived at the wood, about 10 miles out, skirmishing commenced between Major Montgomery's cavalry (which formed part of the expedition) and the enemy, with cavalry, artillery, and infantry, back and across the river, some 5 miles in all. At 9 o'clock the force arrived at the river, when, a few shells being thrown across, the enemy replied quite sharply. Seeing the enemy posted on the other side of the river, which was unfordable, after a short artillery practice the command was withdrawn, to await orders and the advantage of daylight.

September 9.-Colonel Day was joined by the First Brigade. Major-General Herron arriving, assumed command of forces. Captain Joseph A. James, Company B, Ninety-first Illinois, was slightly wounded by a piece of shell; also several men. One corporal killed on picket.

September 10.-Forces marched back to McCollum's Landing.

September 12.-The Nineteenth Iowa was ordered out in the advance, 7 or 8 miles, where it is now.

September 20.-The division moved to Morganza, La., 3 miles above McCollum's Landing, and went into camp.

September 26.-Colonel Bertram, with 100 men of the Twentieth Wisconsin Infantry, went in search of guerrillas up the river, on board tincald Numbers 8, and captured 2 prisoners, a safe, with about $4,800 Confederate States money, and a few shotguns and muskets.

September 29.-The Nineteenth Iowa and Twenty-sixth Indiana, of the First Brigade, were attacked by General Green's forces, C. S. Army, and nearly all captured, with a heavy loss in officers and men. There are at Carrollton some 10 officers and 350 men. Owing to the absence of the officers of the regiment, no correct report can be made.

September 30.-All the remainder of the brigade in camp at Merganza, La.

Numbers 5. Report of Brigadier General Alfred Mouton, C. S. Army, commanding Sub-District Southwestern Louisiana.
HDQRS. SUB-DISTRICT SOUTHWESTERN LOUISIANA,Opelousas, October 4, 1863.

MAJOR: Conceiving it probable that a favorable opportunity would offer on General Green's front to surprise and attack the enemy, on the

