
19th ultimo, and on several occasions subsequently, I instructed General Green to make every preparation for such a movement. Accordingly, the proper steps were taken, and the require re-enforcements having been sent to General Green, the final order to attack was given on September 25. These orders were carried out with marked ability and activity, and I now have the honor of submitting the reports of the various commands engaged, which establish a complete success, and the capture of a large number of prisoners.

To Brigadier-General Green and the officers and men under his command too much praise cannot be awarded.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFR. MOUTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major WILLIAM M. LEVY,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Moundville, October 6, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. The conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel [J. E.] Harrison, commanding Speight's brigade, and the gallant Major [H. H.] Boone, severely wounded in the engagement, is especially deserving of mention. The recognition of Major Boone's gallantry by the Government would be of service to the troops. General Green has fully met the expectations formed from his previous services.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

Numbers 6. Report of Brigadier General Thomas Green, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES ON ATCHAFALAYA,Camp McBride, La., October 2, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor herewith to tender a full report of the action on September 29 at the Fordoche Bridge and Mrs. Stirling's place, on the Fordoche, 6 miles from Morganza.

At midnight on September 26, a communication was addressed to Colonel [J. P.] Major, commanding Major's brigade (encamped on big Cane), to send one of his best regiments to Lyons' Ferry, on the Atchafalaya, on the following day (the 27th), and to cross at that ferry and march to Livonia by the night of the 28th, and on the morning of the 29th to move up to the Fordoche, near the bridge on the Morganza State road. This order was promptly complied with, Colonel Major sending Phillips' regiment, commanded by Major [George M.] Frazer, of the Arizona battalion.

On the 27th, the necessary orders were issued to the several commands to make preparations on the 28th for an advance upon the enemy. the means of crossing the Atchafalaya consisted at this time of two small ferry-flats, carrying together 18 horses or 80 footmen.

The crossing commenced at 3 p. m. on the 28th, Waller's and Rountree's battalions leading with their horses, followed by Semmes' battery, all of which were successfully crossed before dark. Speight's and Mounton's brigades of infantry were next in order, the Fourth, Fifth, and

