
Nov. 11, 1863.-Skirmishes at Carrion Crow and Vermillion Bayous.

12, 1863.-Operations about Saint Martinsville.

18, 1863.-Skirmish at Carrion Crow Bayou.

20, 1863.-Skirmish at Camp Pratt.

23, 1863.-Affair at Bayou Portage, Grand Lake.

25, 1863.-Affair at Camp Pratt.

Skirmish near Vermillion Bayou.

30, 1863.-Skirmish at Vermillion Bayou.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Organization of the troops under the immediate command of Major General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army, operating in the Teche Country, La., October 31, 1863.

Numbers 2.-Major General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army, commanding forces in the field.

Numbers 3.-Captain William A. Pigman, Forty-sixth Indiana Infantry, Chief Signal Officer.

Numbers 4.-Major General E. O. C. Ord, U. S. Army, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, of engagement at Bayou Bourbeau.

Numbers 5.-Major General Cadwallader C. Washburn, U. S. Army, commanding detachment Thirteenth Army Corps, of operations October 23- November 3, including engagement at Bayou Bourbeau.

Numbers 6.-Brigadier General Stephen G. Burbridge, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, of engagement at Bayou Bourbeau, and operations (November 12) about Saint Martinsville.

Numbers 7.-Colonel Joshua J. Guppey, Twenty-third Wisconsin Infantry, First Brigade, of engagement at Bayou Bourbeau.

Numbers 8.-Abstracts from "Record of Events" on the several returns of the Thirteenth Army Corps, for October and November.

Numbers 9.-Colonel Lewis Benedict, One hundred and sixty-second New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, of skirmishes November 11.

Numbers 10.-Itinerary of the Nineteenth Army Corps, October 1-November 18.

Numbers 11.-Brigadier General Albert L. Lee, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, Department of the Gulf, of skirmish at Camp Pratt and affair at Bayou Portage.

Numbers 12.-Lieutenant William Marland, Second Massachusetts Battery, of engagement at Bayou Bourbeau.

Numbers 13.-Colonel John G. Fonda, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry, (Mounted), commanding Cavalry Brigade, of engagement at Bayou Bourbeau, and skirmishes November 11.

Numbers 14.-Lieutenant Colonel Harai Robinson, First Louisiana Cavalry, of engagement at Bayou Bourbeau.

Numbers 15.-Colonel Thomas J. Lucas, Sixteenth Indiana Infantry, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of affairs at Bayou Portage.

Numbers 16.-Colonel Charles J. Paine, Second Louisiana Infantry, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of affair at Bayou Portage.

Numbers 17.-Abstracts from "Record of Events" on the several returns of the Cavalry Division, for October and November.

Numbers 18.-Daily Memoranda for Adjutant-General's Office, Department of the Gulf, October 9-14.

Numbers 19.-Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Trans- Mississippi Department.

Numbers 20.-Major General Richard Taylor, C. S. Army, commanding District of Western Louisiana.

