
Numbers 2. Reports of Major General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army, commanding forces in the field.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Carrion Crow Bayou, October 11, 1863.

GENERAL: My advance arrived here about 11 a. m., the enemy falling back before them.

There is no doubt that the rebel Generals Mouton, Major, and Green passed here yesterday, bound north. Their object must have been to get information from their spies, or to select a place to fight. They left his house early this morning.

Yesterday five or six guns (bronze) passed north; two of them were left here to defend the passage of the bayou, but they were taken away this morning. We fired eight shots, and the force that was here immediately left.

I encamp the command beyond the bayou. The stream is wooded, but the water is only in pools. I cannot tell before to-morrow whether it will be sufficient; I think it will be. I anticipate no danger here.

Very respectfully,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding Nineteenth Corps.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff.

P. S.-The force of the artillery was all mounted, probably 1,000 men.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Carrion Crow Bayou, October 12, 1863-9 a. m.

GENERAL: I sent a message by signal to you half an hour since, stating that there was nothing new during the night, excepting a little picket firing, and that reconnaissance will be made in front and on the flanks as far as possible. Scouts will also be sent out for information.

General Weitzel informs me that he has reliable information that the enemy's force in our front does not exceed 10,000 men, consisting Walker's division, Green's, Major's, and Mouton's brigades. I do not know his informant.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding Nineteenth Corps.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Carrion Crow Bayou, October 12, 1863-9.15 a. m.

GENERAL: The short-handedness of some of the field batteries in this corps can be corrected in some degree by the substitution of negro drivers for the drivers of battery wagons and forges and afterward of caissons. I therefore respectfully request authority to make these changes as they may become necessary, and that I may have authority

22 R-VOL XXVI, PT I

