HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN THE FIELD,November 2, 1863.

GENERAL: I yesterday acknowledged by telegraph your two notes of the 28th ultimo, and that of the commanding general of the 25th. I also acknowledge that of the 29th from you. Ever since the march up the Teche began, I have heard of Jose Cavriere and his men. I have sent for him three times, and while our force was at Opelousas he had ample time to come in. But neither he nor any of his men came. Perhaps the fact that the country in that vicinity is infested with small guerrilla bands, and that these people did not believe that we intend to hold the country, may have kept them from coming in, but the fact is patent that none of them came. I judge, however, from what I see and hear, that there is a better chance of success than there was above, and am t-morrow to have an interview with, I think, the men whose names you mentioned in your letter. The scout company, commanded by Captain Armstrong, has, I believe, about 15 members. I will give you my impressions of the expected conversation as soon as I have had it.

I shall send out a cavalry force in the direction of the Mermenton as soon as possible, and, if I consider it feasible or safe, shall send a division of infantry there with bridge train, or at any rate with materials for building a bridge.

We are gathering cattle in plenty, but horses and mules are very scarce. The Mermenton trip may open some stores of the latter.

The troops are now distributed as follows: Three brigades of the Thirteenth Corps at Carrion Crow Bayou, one brigade of that corps and one brigade of cavalry about 3 miles in front of that bayou, the two divisions of the Nineteenth corps at this place, with one brigade of cavalry, one regimen mounted infantry, and the Engineer Regiment and heavy artillery. The 30-pounders of that artillery are very heavy to pull now. It would not answer to send them back at present, I know, but if it rains ny more they cannot be taken. The roads south and east of Opelousas were nearly impassable yesterday, and it rained last night. Between this place and Carrion Crow they are better, but the marching is heavy. I think the impression is strong that we are going to Texas by the route from here.

Colonel Chandler leaves for New Iberia and Brashear to-morrow. I am much crippled by losing him, on account of the disorganized condition of the Thirteenth Corps, but I understand how necessary he must be at Brashear.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN THE FIELD,Vermillion Bayou, November 3, 1863.

GENERAL: General Washburn's division is now at New Iberia. He informs me that it numbers about 4,500 men. There are two batteries, of six guns each, on the Teche, one at New Iberia with General Washburn's division, and one distributed between there and Franklin. General Lawler commands this division, and General Washbur is dissatisfied with General Dana's assumption of the command of the corps, and wishes to go back to his division. I have, however, left him at Carrion Crow Bayou, in command.

