
Yesterday the enemy attacked him in some force, but were driven back to 1/2 miles from Opelousas, where they made a stand in the woods. There General Burbridge maneuvered to draw them out, but was unable to do it. They finally retired. It was another attempt to learn our forces and intentions, but was unsuccessful. I inclose a dispatch for you, which, by some oversight, the messenger did not take at the time it was written.

The artillery and infantry now at New Iberia are about what you ask for. The 200 cavalry can be sent whenever they are required.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN THE FIELD,November 3, 1863.

GENERAL: I inclose you a note from Major-General Washburn,* which was the first information that I received of Carrion Crow fight. Upon this was based my telegraphic dispatch on the subject to you. The detailed reports have not yet come in, but I hope to get them to-day. General Washburn has gone down to take command of his division.

Burbridge's division, which will be at New Iberia to-day, is only about 1,100 strong. I think that unless there are indications of the enemy near Franklin, it will be well to move at least one regiment from there to New Iberia. If you think this move good, please order it, as I have received no reports from that post.

General Lee goes out to-morrow on the Texas road with a heavy force. Yesterday a large wagon train was reported as moving from the northward toward the southwest. It will be investigated to-morrow. The enemy has been very quiet since we have been here, though large bodies of mounted men have made their appearance in the vicinity.

The force here now is McGinnis' division and the two of the Nineteenth Corps-a small force to hold my position. Should any more infantry be ordered away, a good deal of artillery must go with it, as the amount of artillery with me was predicated somewhat on the small amount in the Thirteenth Corps. I hope, therefore, that no more troops will be taken from here, unless it be the intention to evacuate this position.

The cavalry, since General Lee's arrival, is beginning to do well. He has arranged it in three brigades of about 700 men each. He is much in want of staff officers of all kinds. Please send all that you can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN THE FIELD,Vermillion, November 5, 1863.

GENERAL: Have received your dispatch of to-day. I think that Green was in command, but that part of Walker's force was present infantry, not mounted. The force of the enemy was probably 2,000

---------------

*See Washburn's reports, pp. 355-259.

---------------

