
The Illinois can recruit here better, in my opinion, than at Baton Rouge.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. A. M. DUDLEY,

Colonel and Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain [GEORGE B.] HALSTED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP ON MERRITT'S PLANTATION, May 14, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the return of the two other scouts sent out, which I referred to in my communication of this morning. Captain Godfrey, with his company of Louisiana cavalry, made the junction at the Plains with Captain J. D. Angeley, Company D, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, at the time appointed and succeeded, after a short skirmish, in which the enemy lost 2 killed and 5 wounded, in capturing 16 prisoners, 30 guns, and 20 horses.

Lieutenant Morse, First Louisiana Cavalry, and Lieutenant ----, of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, accompanied these parties, and are complimented by Captain Godfrey and Lieutenant Angeley.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. A. M. DUDLEY,

Colonel and Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain HALSTED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 14, 1863.- Skirmish at Boyce's Bridge, Cotile Bayou, La.

REPORTS.

No. 1.- Brigadier General Godfrey Weitzel, U. S. Army.

No. 2.- Colonel Sidney A. Bean, Fourth Wisconsin Infantry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General Godfrey Weitzel, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Murdock's Plantation,* May 19 [18], 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived here with my whole command at 10.30 a.m. to-day. I left Alexandria yesterday morning at 4 o'clock. The gunboats remained until 12. My rear guard has up to this time seen or heard nothing of an enemy. I await further orders here.

On last Thursday, while in command at Alexandria, I received information that the enemy to the number of 200 or 300 had returned to Cotile Bayou, and were constructing breastwork of cotton at Judge Boyce's bridge. I sent two companies of cavalry to reconnoiter their

---------------

*At junction of the Huffpower and Bayou Boeuf.

---------------

