
United States to pay reasonable expenses for freight and handling. I also asked him to turn over to me 4 prisoners, with their arms and accouterments, who were taken during this campaign while acting as safeguards.

Can the clothing and blankets, say 700 suits and 1,000 blankets, be at once furnished!

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major- General.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans, La.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN WESTERN LOUISIANA,November 30, 1863- 6.30 p.m.

The cavalry has returned from the Vermillion expedition. It had a skirmish, in which 1 man was wounded, and we took 1 prisoner. Rebel loss in killed and wounded not known. The prisoner states that there are two cavalry brigades at Vermillion, Bagby's and Major's, under command of Green. Green himself went to Opelousas yesterday. Another expedition is out toward Petite Anse, and, I understand, has captured 12 prisoners. I have not heard definitely, however, and will not assert it until I hear more.

The prisoner left Texas four weeks ago, and says Magruder was then south of Galveston.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major- General, Commanding.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans, La.

Numbers 3. Report of Captain William A. Pigman, Forty-sixth Indiana Infantry, Chief Signal Officer.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Iberia, La., December 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report of the operations of the signal detachment attached to the command of Major General W. B. Franklin:

Upon the advance of the United States forces from Vermillionville, La., to Carrion Crow Bayou, October 11, 1863, in accordance with instructions from the general commanding, a line of signals was established as rapidly as the army advanced, and communication was open line continued in successful operation until October 21, 1863, at which time the army advanced to Opelousas.

On the 15th of October, during the skirmish between the Federal and Confederate forces, Lieutenant F. A. Irvin, Lieutenant C. M. Roberts, and Lieutenant George R. Herbert accompanied Captain W. B. Roe to the scene of action, and, I have reason to believe, rendered valuable assistance by reporting the movements and positions of the enemy.

During the time that the army was encamped at Carrion Crow Bayou,

