
there were transmitted, through the line of signals, forty one official messages from Carrion Crow to Vermillionville, and fifty- nine official messages were received at Carrion Crow. On the morning of October 21, the line was broken up.

Lieutenant J. L. Hallett, with 3 enlisted men, who were on duty at an intermediate station, were captured by the enemy. The officers who were on duty at headquarters signal station accompanied the army in its advance to Opelousas. Several messages were sent during the skirmish which occurred on that day.

As soon after the arrival of the army at Opellousas as was practicable, a line was established communicating between headquarters near Barre's Landing, on the Bayou Courtableau, and General Grover, who remained at Opelousas.

Although the line continued in operation but eight days, a large amount of official business was transacted through it. Thirty- seven messages were sent and received.

On the 31st of October, orders were received to discontinue the line, and move toward Vermillionville on the following morning.

On the 2nd of November we reached Vermillionville, and on the 3rd established communication, by means of signals and signal telegraph, with Major General C. C. Washburn, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, then encamped on Carrion Crow Bayou. This line was an important one, but, owing to roving parties of the enemy, could not be kept in successful operation. It was discontinued on the evening of November 5, and the signal telegraph wire was taken up and removed within the illness.

Although communication was no longer practicable, the Catholic church in Vermillionville was still occupied as a signal lookout, and used as a station, communicating by means of signals with headquarters. From the church a fine view of the surrounding country could be had.

During the day almost every movement of the enemy within 5 miles of our lines could be distinctly seen, and reports were promptly sent to headquarters. Valuable information was furnished by the signal officer on the church to Brigadier- General Lee, commanding cavalry, and also to the officer in charge of outposts during the time the army remained at Vermillionville.

The following is a list of the signal officers engaged at different times during the recent operations of this detachment: First Lieutenant W. P. Miner, First Lieutenant J. L. Hallett, First Lieutenant F. D. Butterfield, First Lieutenant F. A. Irvin, First Lieutenant W. A. Harris, First Lieutenant G. W. Bailey, and Second Lieutenant W. F. Warren. To each and all of the above named officers, as also to the enlisted men of this detachment, credit is due for the promptness and efficiency which characterized their actions while in the discharge of the duties incumbent upon them.

The health of this detachment has been, throughout the present campaign, uniformly good.

In regard to the present condition of this detachment, I will here state that everything is in readiness for active service.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, sir, your most obedient servant,

WILL. A. PIGMAN,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer, Nineteenth Army Corps.

Major WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant General, Nineteenth Army Corps.

23 R - VOL XXVI, PT I

