
VI. Commanding officers will see that a sufficient infantry guard is sent with each train.

By order of Major- General Franklin:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

No. 5. Reports of Major General Cadwallader C. Washburn, U. S. Army, commanding detachment Thirteenth Army Corps, of operations October 23- November 3, including engagement at Bayou Bourbeau.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Opelousas, La., October 24, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to the orders of General Franklin, I left Vermillion Bridge yesterday morning, but, learning through General Ord that Major- General Dana was to start the day before from New Orleans to take command of this corps, I left two regiments of infantry and one regiment of mounted infantry at the bridge, to hold the point until General Dana should arrive, when they were to report to him. Your dispatch of yesterday, ordering me to hold Vermillion in large force, in view of the failure of the boats to get up the Courtableau, I did not receive until this morning at this place. I much regret that I did not receive the order sooner, as it would have saved my command from marching through the terrible storm of yesterday. The troops at Vermillion Bridge, I think, are ample to hold the point, as there is no force of any magnitude anywhere near. Our cavalry advanced to and occupied Washington this morning, the rebels retreating before them. They are not supposed to be in any force within 25 or 30 miles of here. I was at General Franklin's headquarters this morning, near Barre's Landing. The bar at mouth of Courtableau has only 1 foot of water upon it.

You dispatch to General Franklin, ordering him to send two regiments from the Teche Basin back to New Orleans, he has referred to me, and asked me to designate the regiments. Neither of us understand whether you mean that we shall send troops back from here, or from the troops now on the Teche, at Franklin, or Iberia. I have asked for further information by telegraph, which will continue in operation to Vermillion Bridge so long as the force remains there.

The report of the capture of General Mouton, which I sent you, was untrue. It was a militia general, by name of [James] Trudeau, that was captured.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major- General.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Carrion Crow Bayou, November 2, 1863.

GENERAL: We have had a pretty lively time to-day. The enemy made a determined attack this morning upon our cavalry, killing 1 man and wounding 2 others. General Bubridge at once rallied, and pursued them. They formed in line, about 1,000 strong, on the same

