
prisoners, but who were supposed to be privates, and were delivered over under a flag of truce with other wounded.

On the 27th instant [ultimo] the First Division of this corps, under Brigadier- General Lawler, moved from Opelousas back to New Iberia, with a view of being where they could be moved rapidly to Brshear City, should circumstances require it; that left at Opelousas the Third Division, under General McGinnis, and one brigade of the Fourth Division, under General Burbridge, at Barre's Landing, 8 miles east of Opelousas and east of the Bayou Teche, near its junction with the Courtableau.

On the morning of the 1st instant, by order of Major- General Franklin, the troops of the Third Division were ordered to march and encamp at Carrion Crow Bayou, while General Burbridge with the troops under his command were ordered to march down the Teche and cross it, and move via Grand Coteau, where the road from Vermillion to Opelousas crosses Muddy Bayou, about 3 miles from Carrion Crow Bayou, in the direction of Opelousas, and go into camp there on the north side of the bayou. Colonel Fonda, with about 500 mounted infantry, was also ordered to encamp near him. The troops all moved, and went into camp as ordered. The Nineteenth Corps on the same day moved back to Carrion Crow Bayou, and on the following day to Vermillionville, leaving the Third and First Brigades of the Fourth Division of the Thirteenth Corps to hold the position before named. The position of the troops on the morning of the 3rd instant was then as follows; Brigadier- General Burbridge, with one brigade of the Fourth Division, about 1,200 strong, with one sex- gun battery of 10- pounder Parrotts, and Colonel Fonda, with about 500 mounted infantry and a section of Nims' battery, on the north side of Muddy Bayou, and the Third Division, General McGinnis commanding, 3,000 strong, with one battery, at Carrion Crow Bayou, 3 miles in the rear of General Burbridge. The two bayous before named run in an easterly direction, nearly parallel with each other, and along the stream there is a belt of timber about 150 yards in width, while between the two is smooth, level prairie. To the right of General Burbridge's position was an extensive and dense tract of woods, while on his front and left the country was high, open prairie.

About 9 o'clock of the morning of the 3d, I received a note from General Burbridge, saying the enemy had shown himself in some force. I immediately ordered out the Third Division, and just as I got them into line I received another note from General Burbridge, saying that the enemy had entirely disappeared. Ordering the division to remain under arms, I rode rapidly to the front, and learning from General Burbridge and Colonel Fonda that all was quiet, and that such troops of the enemy as had shown themselves had all fallen back, I started to return to my headquarters near the Third Division. When I arrived about midway between the two camps, I heard a rapid cannonade. Sending two members of my staff to the rear to bring up the Third Division, I rode back to the front, and, crossing the bayou and passing through the timber to the open ground, I soon discovered that we were assailed with terrible energy by an overwhelming force in front and on both flanks. Many of the troops had broken and were scattered over the field, and the utter destruction or capture of the whole force seemed imminent. The attack on the right through the woods was

made by infantry, and though our troops fought most gallantly on that wing, were obliged to give way before overwhelming numbers. Here it was that we lost most of our men in killed and wounded.

