HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Iberia, La., November 12, 1863- 5.30 p. m.

GENERAL: The enemy fired upon a boat about 3 o'clock this evening. There were about 60 of them. I have cavalry and infantry over the bayou after them. When last heard of, my forces were close upon the rebels. Three men were wounded on the boat; no serious damage done to it. I have not heard from Saint Martinsville to- day. One hundred of the Seventy- fifth New York were sent there to- day, and directed to return by way of the junction of the Vermillion, and New Iberia and Vermillion and Saint Martinsville roads.

I will report as soon as they come in.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier- General.

Major- General FRANKLIN.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Iberia, La., November 12, 1863.

MAJOR: My scouts are all in; they report about 500 men in Saint Martinsville, mostly operating against our boats below. The party who attacked the boat escaped in the direction of Saint Martinsville. All confirm the report that there is a general rendezvous, near Saint Martinsville of 500 French guerrillas, under Major Dupeire. My cavalry chased the party below here until nearly sundown, and left them near Saint Martinsville. Two boats have arrived since my last dispatch. Lieutenant- Colonel [V. A.] Fournet, who has resigned out of the Confederate service, was arrested by my scouts at Saint Martinsville to- day. I will send him to you in the morning if you do not order otherwise. The bridge at Saint Martinsville has been destroyed; there is another 4 miles above that place.

S. G. BURBRIDGE

Major HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant- General.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Iberia, La., November 14, 1863-11 a. m.

Contrabands coming in report that Price and Magruder are on the way to re-enforce the rebels in your front. They say that the rebels know that re- enforcements have been sent to Texas. Reports say that the rebels are building a bridge on Bayou Vermillion, in the neighborhood of Abbeville. Could they not cross at Perry's Bridge! Could they not also pass down in the rear of Saint Martinsville, and get below me! I have not sufficient cavalry here to watch both points. I will send 100 cavalry out this evening; they will camp 1 mile this side of Saint Martinsville; scout beyond to- morrow.

The Treasury Department has an agent here. He thinks it best to ship all cotton and sugar to New Orleans, and have claims investigated there. All abandoned property is claimed by speculators. Major Cowan, First Louisiana Cavalry, has shipped 76 bales of cotton and 82 hogsheads of sugar. Nothing from below to- day.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

General, Commanding.

Major HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Nineteenth Army Corps.

