
ADDENDA.

DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

Vermillion, November 14, 1863.

If you get anything definite about Price and Magruder re- enforcing the rebels in my front, I shall be glad to know it; my position here is good against double my number I have sent to see about the Abbeville Bridge, but I do not believe it; Perry's Bridge is destroyed, to the best of my knowledge and belief. If the rebels get below you on the other side of the Teche, in force, they will never get above you again. Colonel Fournet, with Mr. Baronet, will see you to- morrow morning. I wish you to investigate the case of the former as soon as possible, letting me know result. Major Cowan's papers ought to show whether he has authority to ship sugar. Demand to see them.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major- General.

Brigadier- General BURBRIDGE,

Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Iberia, La., November 15, 1863- 7.30 p. m.

MAJOR: My scouts are just in, and they report that they were in Saint Martinsville this morning. They went miles above on this side the bayou; saw several small squads of guerrillas on the other side the bayou, and exchanged shots with some of them. They bring in 2 prisoners, and say there is a camp of several hundred this side and to the right, all across the bayou. Negroes reported to the guard on the boat that came up to- day that a considerable number of guerrillas were below me on the bayou, but the guard saw none. Two pieces of artillery came up to- day. Negroes coming in say that rebel citizens are jubilant over the arrival of Price and Magruder's re- enforcements. My scouts from Saint Martinsville to- day say they heard cannonading in your direction. I am working soldiers, citizens, negroes, and speculators, and will finish my works to- morrow. If you will give me the escort that came with the train this evening, I will send out all my mounted force to Saint Martinsville, and attack that camp to- morrow night. I can send with that additional force about 500 or 600.

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier- General.

[Major HOFFMAN, Assistant Adjutant- General.]

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Joshua J. Guppey, Twenty- third Wisconsin Infantry, First Brigade, of engagement at Bayou Bourbeau.

NEW ORLEANS, LA.,

January 9, 1864.

SIR: I was taken prisoner in the engagement which tool place between First Brigade, Fourth Division, of the Thirteenth Army Corps, and the rebel forces near Bayou Bourbeau on the 3rd of November last, and have been unable to make a report concerning it prior to this

