
surrendered, as I afterward learned. Seeing that this cavalry would be in rear of me if I held my position longer, I commenced falling back toward the point held by General Burbridge while he was covering the removal of the train- fighting enough as we went to check the rapid advance of the rebel infantry. None of my men would have been taken prisoners if the cavalry had not by this time begun to get in our rear. While we were thus falling back, my wounded limb became powerless, and I turned over the command of my regiment to Lieutenant- Colonel Hill, and attempted, with the assistance of Lieutenant Stanley, to get off the field, but the enemy's cavalry was too near me, and the lieutenant and myself were taken prisoners by it. Afterward it took about 80 of my men, and among them many of the wounded. As soon as the enemy found that the baggage train was out of their reach, and that General Burbridge was prepared to renew the battle on the prairie, in rear of the Bayou Bourbeau, they left the field, hurried along by the shells from our artillery, and taking with them the prisoners they had captured.

Owing to the absence of men on picket duty, I took into battle only about 160 men. Of these, 10 were killed and 30 wounded, being a loss in killed and wounded of 1 to 4 of the men engaged. I have the satisfaction of knowing, however, that the enemy suffered much more in killed and wounded than we did. The regiment in my immediate front lost, its colonel informed me, 54 in killed and wounded, and the others nearly the same. His cavalry also lost considerably. The officers and men of my regiment fought most gallantly; but this report is so extended already, that I must refrain from naming particular cases of good conduct.

I close with saying that our disposition at first was against a cavalry attack, and I think we could have driven the cavalry if it had been unaided by infantry. As it was, three of our regiments were used against the rebel infantry- unfortunately, only one at a time- and this left only two regiments to act against the cavalry.

The enemy numbered over 5,000. Three of his mounted regiments acted as infantry, in support of his infantry proper. He felt sure that he would capture our wagons and baggage and our artillery; but Captain Rice's battery and two sections of Nims' battery, which acted with us, were capitally handled, and the rebels captured but one gun. All the wagons, well loaded with baggage, were brought off safe.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. GUPPEY,

Colonel, Comndg. Twenty- third Regiment Wisconsin Vol. Infantry.

Captain A. B. SHARPE,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 8. Abstracts from "Record of Events" on the several returns of the Thirteenth Army Corps, for October and November, 1863.

CORPS RETURN.

October 3.- The First, Third, and Fourth Divisions, Thirteenth Army Corps, marched from Berwick City, La., by way of Franklin and New

