
Iberia, to Vermillion Bayou, arriving October 10. One brigade of the Fourth Division was left at Franklin.

October 20,-On account of the illness of General Ord, General Washburn assumed command, and moved forward to Opelousas.

October 26.- General Ord went on sick leave, and General Dana assumed command of the troops. The Second Division, under command of General Dana, embarked from New Orleans for Texas.

October 27.- The First Division moved on its return to New Iberia, arriving October 29.

RETURN OF THE FIRST DIVISION.

October 23.- Marched [from Vermillion Bayou] for Opelousas, arriving the 24th. Remained in camp until the 27th, when orders were received returning the division to New Iberia. The return march was accomplished in three days, the division reaching Iberia the 30th, where it has since been encamped. No events of special importance have transpired thus far in the campaign.

October 28.- The Fifty- fourth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Fielding Mansfield commanding, sent to New Orleans, by order of Major - General Banks. The term of service of this regiment expires in the month of November, it being one of the one year regiments from that State. The One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Volunteers detached from the division October 3, to be mounted, by order of Major- General Banks.

RETURN OF THE FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION.

October 16.- Marched to Buzzard Prairie; enemy drove in our grand guard, but would not attack.

October 21.- Left Buzzard Prairie; skirmished with the enemy and drove them through Opelousas, La., and encamped at Barre's Landing, 8 miles beyond the latter place. On our return march, arrived at Opelousas same day, where we are now [October 31] in camp.

November 1.- Left Opelousas, La., and marched to Carrion Crow Bayou.

November 2.- Moved out to the front to re- enforce General Burbridge. The Fourth Division returned the same day.

November 3.- Again re- enforced General Burbridge's division, which had quite a spirited engagement at the front. This brigade took very little part in the action, the enemy retiring on perceiving us re- enforce the Fourth Division.

November 5.- Moved to Camp Pratt, La.

November 17.- Moved to New Iberia, La.

November 20.- Marched to Camp Pratt, and, in connection with General Lee's Cavalry Division, surprised and captured a rebel outpost, consisting of 13 officers and 98 non- commissioned officers and privates, and returned the same day. The whole distance marched during the month, 57 miles.

November 30.- Still in camp at New Iberia, La.

RETURN OF THE FOURTH DIVISION.

October 10.- Marched [from vicinity of New Iberia] to Vermillion Bayou, 24 miles, where we remained until the 14th, when we moved up to Carrion Crow Bayou.

