
October 15.- Took the advance, and skirmished with the enemy.

October 16.- Established our camp on Bayou Bourbeau.

October 21.- Moved against Opelousas; had the advance; enemy offered but little resistance; drove the enemy through the town, and established our camps beyond and to the right of Opelousas, at Barre's Landing, on Bayou Courtableau, where we remained during the rest of the month.

RETURN OF THE SECOND BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION.

October 7, Wednesday.- Marched from Berwick City.

October 9, Friday.- Having marched to within 3 miles of New Iberia, received orders to leave two regiments (Ninety- seventh and One hundred and thirtieth Illinois, in command of Colonel Niles, of One hundred and thirtieth Illinois), and move back with balance of command and occupy this post.

October 11, Sunday.- Made Camp Franklin, La.

Numbers 9. Report of Colonel Lewis Benedict, One hundred and sixty- second New York Infantry, commanding First Brigade, T	herd Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, of skirmishes November 11.

VERMILLION BAYOU,

November 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from headquarters, I marched my command about 1 mile north of Vermillionville, and took position commanding two roads leading east and west. Captain Trull, with his battery, reported to me, and took position, where the whole force remained until Captain Baker, of General Franklin's staff, brought me an order from General Lee to move forward to his support, as a superior force of cavalry and infantry was in his front, threatening him. I moved forward until I learned that he was retreating; then retired. Receiving a request to select a good position, where my men would be concealed, I did so, and waited. Our cavalry retreated to our rear, when the enemy advanced to the mouth of the road opening on the plain, and our artillery opened upon them with some effect. After an artillery duel of some twenty minutes, their forces disappeared, and I received orders to retire. I did so, and again took position in obedience to orders from General Lee, in a ditch near Vermillionville; but no enemy appearing, I was ordered to return to this camp.

Our loss is as follows: One hundred and tenth [New York], 1 killed, 3 wounded; One hundred and sixty- second [New York], 1 wounded; One hundred and seventy- third [New York], 1 wounded; One hundred and sixty- fifth [New York], none. Total, 1 killed, 5 wounded; all of whom were brought from the field.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

LEW. BENEDICT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

