
vision, Colonel T. J. Lucas, Sixteenth Indiana, commanding the Third Brigade, Colonel C. J. Paine, Second Louisiana, commanding, and a section of Nims' Second Massachusetts Horse Artillery, all under command of Colonel Lucas, moved out 4 miles on the road leading west from Iberia, and thence north across the prairie until opposite the flank and in rear of the enemy's camp, reaching this position, undiscovered, shortly before dawn. At 4 a. m., with 300 cavalry and another section of Nims' battery, and supported by the First Brigade of Infantry of the Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, under command of General Cameron, I moved out on the road leading directly from Iberia to Camp Pratt, my advance came on the enemy's pickets, wounded and captured 1, and drove the remainder in. I at once charged their camp with cavalry, the infantry moving rapidly as a support. The enemy made a lovely skirmish, but at this moment, as previously ordered, the command of Colonel Lucas closed rapidly on their flanks and rear, and, in a quarter of an hour, almost the entire force of the enemy were prisoners. A few escaped through the adjoining woods. We found that their force consisted of the Seventh Texas Cavalry, Colonel Bagby. The colonel was not with the regiment. Our captures amounted to 12 commissioned officers, 101 enlisted men, 100 horses and equipments, and about 100 stand of arms of all kinds. This constituted the effective force of the regiment, which they have claimed was the flower of their cavalry. The rebels lost 1 killed and 3 wounded; our loss was nothing. I have to mention with commendation the promptness and skill displayed by Colonel T. J. Lucas in conveying his command during a night of intense darkness to the rear of the enemy, and effecting so decided and perfect a co- operation with my attacking force in front. Colonel C. J. Paine, commanding Third Brigade, Lieutenant Colonel H. Robinson, First Louisiana Cavalry, and Major Bacon Montgomery, Sixth Missouri Cavalry, are worthy of special mention for their gallant conduct on this occasion. The infantry were, by the rapidity of events, denied any participation in the skirmish, but were eager and prompt in their conduct. The prisoners have been transferred to your provost- marshal.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier- General, Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Gulf.

Major- General FRANKLIN,

Commanding U. S. Forces near New Iberia, La.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR NEW IBERIA, LA.,

November 24, 1863.

GENERAL: I would respectfully report that, learning a detachment of the enemy were in camp near Grand Lake, 16 miles northeast from this point, I sent on the night of the 22nd instant detachments of the First, Second, and Third Brigades, of this division- in all, 650 strong- to effect their capture; Colonel T. J. Lucas, commanding First Brigade, was in charge. Leaving camp at 10 p. m., the forces moved to a point on Bayou Portage, near Grand Lake, and succeeded in surprising the camp of a detachment of the First Louisiana Mounted Zouaves, under command of Major Dupeire, C. S. Army. Four commissioned officers, 31 privates, 25 horses, and about 50 stand of arms, and the colors of the battalion, were captured. I send herewith the reports of Colonel

