
Lucas and Colonel Paine. The prisoners were transferred to your provost marshal, and the colors are transmitted with this report.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier- General, Chief of Cavalry, Department of the Gulf.

Major- General FRANKLIN,

Commanding U. S. Forces, near New Iberia, La.

Numbers 12. Report o Lieutenant William Marland, Second Massachusetts Battery, of engagement at Bayou Bourbeau.

CARRION CROW BAYOU, LA., November 4, 1863.

GENERAL: In pursuance to your orders, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken in the action at this place on the 3rd of November by the section under my command:

In obedience to orders received on the evening of the 2nd of November, I harnessed up at 4 a. m. on the 3d; remained so until 11 a. m., when I was ordered to unharness; the pickets firing all the while. At about 12.45 p. m. the firing became general. Hearing the cavalry buglers blow "Boots and saddles," I began to harness up on my own responsibility, and was attacked in camp before I could get harnessed. The enemy being within 400 yards of me, I opened on them with canister and percussion shell, which checked their advance and drove them to the right. I limbered to the front, and advanced to the fork of the road, which is about 100 yards; went into battery, and fired a few shot until all my support had left me. Finding it too warm, I limbered to the rear, and moved about 300 yards. Finding the enemy in my rear and on the right, I fired to the right about fifty shots, and was charged upon on three sides. A regiment came up on my left as support, fired one volley, and left.

The enemy then opened two pieces of artillery on me at about 300 yards, killing 1 horse and disabling one caisson wheel . The cavalry still advancing, and no infantry to be seen, when they got within 30 yards I limbered up and started for the woods; here I ordered my cannoneers to draw their revolvers, and had quite a brisk fight; had another horse killed, 2 men missing (1 sergeant and 1 private); went through the woods, the enemy coming out in front and rear of men. As the bridges constructed across the bayou for the passage of our troops were held by the enemy, it was necessary to charge through, which was accomplished, notwithstanding a cavalryman had mired and was taken prisoner near where the section crossed. I got through the enemy's lines without loss, and came up to the Fort- sixth Indiana Regiment, and formed on their right. Colonel Bringhurst told me he would support me, and I went back through the woods with General Cameron's command, driving the enemy in disorder, who left their dead and wounded on the field. I then returned to camp with General Cameron's brigade.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. MARLAND,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Section.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Gulf.

