
The loss sustained is as follows, viz: First Louisiana Cavalry, 1 commissioned officer killed, 3 men killed, 7 men wounded, and 27 men missing; Fourteenth New York Cavalry, 4 missing, two of whom are known to be wounded and in the hands of the enemy; also lost 3 horses, and 12 wounded; total loss in killed and wounded and missing,42.

It affords me great pleasure to state that the officers and men under my command have shown themselves on this, as well as other occasions, brave and gallant soldiers; and, although it was well known to them that they were fighting an enemy outnumbering us, yet no man has hesitated to attack them whenever I have ordered.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

JOHN G. FONDA,

Colonel, Commanding First Cavalry Brigade.

General BURBRIDGE,

Commanding Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,Vermillion Bayou, November 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this brigade yesterday:

In accordance with previous orders, the cavalry under my command, consisting of 230 men of the Second Illinois, 115 of the Third Illinois, and 110 of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, were in line at division headquarters at daylight.

I was ordered to take the advance, and mauve out on the Opelousas road after passing the town of Vermillion. One squadron of Second Illinois Cavalry was sent forward as advance guard, and one squadron of same regiment sent to the right, with orders to move on that flank at about a half mile from the main column. We had not gone far when the enemy's pickets were discovered; they fell back to a lane, to what appeared to be their reserve. Thinking they might make some resistance, I sent forward another squadron of the Second Illinois. Nothing further of importance occurred on the march out. When within 2 miles of Carrion Crow Bayou, I was ordered to halt. A portion of the Third Illinois was ordered to the right, and the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois to dismount and sent to support Nims' battery; the remaining portion of the Second and Third Illinois were formed in column of companies. After remaining here about half an hour, General Lee ordered me to move back. The led horses of the One hundred and eighteenth were sent to the rear. Colonel Mudd, with Second Illinois, moved next. The Third Illinois were called in, and the skirmishers ordered to fall back slowly. We had not gone far when the enemy began to annoy our rear. Captain Evans, with one platoon of the One hundred and eighteenth, was sent back to assist the flanders. The enemy's force continuing to accumulate, I sent back another squadron of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois. When we had moved back about 4 miles, Captain A. W. Marsh, who was in command of the one hundred and eighteenth, was killed. About this time the enemy attempted to make a charge on us, and at first I feared they would succeed, but I am happy to say that I was able to hold our men in their places, and the enemy was kept in check. They followed us to where we found their pickets in the morning, continually rushing up in the most daring manner, and annoying us with a galling fire. Soon after this, I passed inside of our infantry line, and moved all the cavalry to the right and rear.

After remaining here a short time, General Lee ordered me to send the

