
Third Illinois forward and to the right. Two squadrons of the Second Illinois were sent forward, and two to the left. Shortly after they were all withdrawn, and Colonel Mudd, with the Second Illinois, reported to General Lee. I was ordered to camp with the remaining portion of the command. A report of the killed and wounded has already been furnished.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. FORNDA,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain F. W. EMERY, Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 14. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Harai Robinson, First Louisiana Cavalry, of engagement at Bayou Bourbeau.

VERMILLION BAYOU, November 5, 1863.

MAJOR: Pursuant to instructions from Major- General Washburn, I forward this report of conclusions formed by me from conversation with the enemy's officers during yesterday's truce, and from report of First Lieutenant Gorman, First Louisiana Cavalry, wounded and taken prisoner in the late action, and who was returned yesterday among the wounded as a private soldier.

FLAG OF TRUCE.

Lieutenant- Colonel [G. J.] Hampton and Lieutenant [G. B.] Crain, bearers of the flag of truce, belonged to Colonel Bagby's [Hardeman's] Mounted Texas Regiment, which, with another Texas regiment (about 850 strong each), attacked on foot General Burbridge's front, while three other regiments, mounted, with the Valverde Battery, were sent around to attack our left and left flank. I saw two of these regiments moving around toward Opelousas after my last charge through the woods. Three regiments of Texas infantry, from Walker's division, commanded by Colonel [O. M.] Roberts, with one battery, moved down the Opelousas road, and attacked us on the right flank, all under command of General Green (officers would not admit that any other general was present). A number of ambulances came with them. T	his infantry has been a long time in service, and the officers boasted that it never had been under fire before. The regiments were full. This infantry was encamped at Moundville, 2 miles above Washington, since reconnaissance made by General Lee; that General Mouton (or some other general) has a division of Louisiana infantry for which Texas has a profound contempt.

Green commands one brigade of Texas cavalry and Major another.

REPORT OF LIEUTENANT GORMAN.

Lieutenant Gorman was sent by me, according to directions of Colonel Fonda, with his squad on the right of our infantry regiment sent up through the woods on our right flank; was slightly wounded in the head in the commancement of the skirmishing and stunned for some time. His squadron was driven back, and he fell into the hands of the enemy; was taken out into the Opelousas road at the point where the reserve of our pickets had been stationed (about half a mile from General Burbridge's infantry camp). He saw enemy's infantry in two lines of battle within distance of 300 yards. These lines extended from within the woods as far as he could see in the open field toward the prairies; thinks

