
there were about 3,500 men; did not see enemy's battery (it must have been in front line and behind him). He could not see from where he was the two dismounted regiments attacking our front; saw General Taylor between the two lines at the edge of the weeds, cheering up the men; did not see General Green; afterward saw both of these generals visiting the hospital at Opelousas; was marched off to Mrs. Rodgers' plantation, where the enemy had established a hospital; saw fourteen regular ambulances and at least thirty plantation and family vehicles on the road; the drivers of the latter were citizens, asking for enemy's wounded. Before arriving at Mrs. Rodgers' plantation, saw about 400 rebel cavalry strike off in a line leading to Grand Coteau; shortly after getting into the road, saw and counted 30 of the enemy's dead laid side by side (we buried more than 30 yesterday; I had 20 buried in one trench); this makes enemy's killed over 60. At Mrs. Rodgers' plantation, Lieutenant Gorman met a battery of six brass guns, called Saint Mary's [Cornay's], in position, and supported by 400 cavalry, and more cavalry off to the west of it. Lieutenant Gorman was allowed to remain only a few minutes at Mrs. Rodgers' plantation, and was hurried off to Opelousas, where he saw 200 men, provost- guard; no other troops. He bivouacked with some 300 other United States prisoners at General Green's camp near the church. In the morning was sent to the Court- House Hospital (rebel), to have his wounds dressed; he remained there until yesterday afternoon, when he was sent back with the rest of our wounded. He heard no movement of troops passing through Opelousas, although 600 were said to have passed this way the first night he was there. During the night he lay next to the church, soldiers were coming i by twos and threes, inquiring for their friends. These men said Watkins' camp was 2 miles this side Alexandria, but Lieutenant Gorman saw no camp- fires. Last night, returning (the ambulance at our pickets at 11 p. m.), Lieutenant Gorman counted nine camps, largest about one brigade, between Opelousas and Mrs. Rodgers' plantation. (I infer the smaller camps to have been cavalry.) The last night at least 600 mounted men were in line on either side of the road within a quarter of a mile of our pickets. The enemy admitted to him that they had 6,000 men in action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARAI ROBINSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding First Louisiana Cavalry.

Major MORGAN, A. A. G., Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 15. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Lucas, Sixteenth Indiana Infantry, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of affair at Bayou Portage.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, near New Iberia, La., November 24, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operation of the forces under my command during the night of the 22nd and 23rd of November, 1863:

In accordance with verbal instructions from General Lee, I moved across the pontoon bridge with 200 of my brigade at 10 p.m., and struck at the Saint Martinsville road, Colonel Mudd's command joining me about 6 miles from town. I proceeded to the road leading to Dauterive's Landing, where I halted until Colonel Paine's command of 250 men joined me. I sent Colonel Mudd down the road leading to Dauterive's Landing, with

