
instructions to lengthen his lines along the left, skirting the road. On account of the fog, at the fork of the road he took the wrong direction, and reached the lake some 3 miles below the point indicated, failing to connect with me, though I have no doubt he made all possible exertion to co- operate with me. Leaving a force sufficient to hold the position at this cross road, the strongest position to be found in that locality, I proceeded with my immediate command 1 mile farther, and took the road to the right, leading to the bridge across the bayou which connects with Grand Lake. At about half a mile I halted, and thoroughly searched all the dwellings, outhouses, and buildings on two adjoining plantations, which were said to be the lurking places of Major Dupiere and Captain Neville, but to no purpose. They were there during the early part of the evening, but had escaped.

Upon being joined by Colonel Paine's command, and 20 men under a lieutenant of Colonel Mudd's command, I proceeded down the road until near the bayou, when I halted. After sending Colonel Paine across the bridge to take a road leading to the rebel camp, I procured a guide, who showed me a lower road leading to the right of the rebel camp, where I crossed the bayou on a submerged bridge, sending in the meantime a lieutenant and 20 men to search a house on this side of the bayou, where they captured 4 prisoners. It was now daylight, and, hearing a few shots fired, I hurried forward, and found Colonel Paine already in possession of the rebel camp. He had advanced rapidly upon them, capturing a portion of their pickets. The woods were thoroughly scoured in all directions, but, owing to the swamps and the nature of the country, some of them escaped. After burning their camp, I started back toward our camp.

On reaching the road leading to Dauterive's Landing, I found that nothing had been learned at this point from Colonel Mudd, but afterward learned that he had captured Captain [B. D.] Dauterive and 8 others. As it was raining very hard, after sending a party to look for Colonel Mudd, I started for camp, which I reached at 3 p. m., November 23.

We captured 4 officers and about 30 men, a quantity of arms, mostly shotguns, and quite a number of horses. I complied with all of the general's orders, except proceeding to the saw- mill, which I deemed unnecessary upon receiving information from the guides.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

T. J. LUCAS,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Cavalry Division.

Captain F. W. EMERY, A. A. G., Cavalry Division.

Numbers 16. Report of Colonel Charles J. Paine, Second Louisiana Infantry, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of affair at Bayou Portage.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,* CAVALRY DIVISION,Near New Iberia, La., November 24, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to verbal orders received from General Lee, commanding Cavalry Division, my command

---------------

*Organized November 7; to consist of Company F. Fifteenth Illinois; Company C, First Indiana; Company C, Fourth Indiana; the Second Louisiana Infantry (mounted), seven companies of the Sixth Missouri, and six companies of the Fourteenth New York.

---------------

