
of 250 men from my brigade marched at 11 p. m., November 22, and halted about 12 miles out for two hours, where a lieutenant and 20 men of the Second Illinois Cavalry reported for duty to me. I then marched at 3.30 a. m., November 23, slowly and carefully beating the fields on both sides with flankers, under Captain Carey, First Indiana Cavalry, to the bridge over Bayou Portage, just beyond which I captured 6 soldiers, fatigue party, with forage train.

I marched down the bayou about 5 miles, and came on the enemy's pickets, about 10 strong. My advanced guards charged them and captured some; the rest took to the woods and escaped. T	he advance guard, which I then strengthened to 50 men, under Major[Bacon] Montgomery, Sixth Missouri, galloped half a mile farther into the enemy's camp, and captured many of them before they could escape to the woods. I scoured the woods with cavalry and infantry for 2 miles, picking up a few prisoners; burned the camp, with everything but the guns and property of use to us, which I brought away, including a number of horses; several of the enemy escaped, but, excepting some of their pickets, it is believed, none with arms.

I captured 25 enlisted men and 1 officer of Dupeire's battalion; 2 officers Eighteenth Louisiana; 28 in all, who have all been turned over to division provost- marshal. Two of the enemy were killed; none of our men were hurt; also the banner of the battalion, and the letter of presentation of same, with the papers of Major Dupeire, all of which have been turned over, to General Lee. The camp was that of Major Dupeire, Confederate Zouaves.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES J. PAINE,

Commanding Cavalry, Third Brigade.

Captain F. W. EMERY,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Cavalry Division.

Numbers 17. Abstracts from "Record of Events" on the several returns of the Cavalry Division, Department of the Gulf, for October and November.

DIVISION RETURN.

The First Texas Cavalry and the First Louisiana Cavalry, then composing the First Brigade, Colonel E. J. Davis commanding, and a portion of the Second Brigade, formed the advance [October 3], under Major- General Franklin, moving up Bayou and Carrion Crow Bayou sharp engagements took place between the cavalry force of the enemy, numerically much superior to Colonel Davis' command, resulting in slight loss to our force. Forty prisoners were captured in these affairs. From Carrion Crow Bayou the First Texas Cavalry was ordered to New Orleans, to take part in the Texas expedition.

October 19.- General Lee took command in the field of the First and Second Brigades, and had the advance of the army in its movements to Opelousas and Barre's Landing. T	he enemy retreated before the advancing army, his cavalry force of 3,000 composing the rear guard, and making moderate resistance. General Franklin directed a reconnaissance from Barre's Landing and Opelousas to Washington and beyond,

