
if possible. General Lee pushed 9 miles north of Washington with 1,500 cavalry, and discovered the movements and force of the enemy, the rebel rear guard of infantry and cavalry making steady resistance. Two thousand infantry of the enemy, near Moundville, left their camps in face of the reconnoitering force.

From October 15 to October 31, one- half of the small cavalry force was constantly in the saddle, engaged in scouts of greater or less extent. The Sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry was stationed near Vermillionville, guarding the communications of the army. The Second Louisiana and Eighty- seventh Illinois Mounted Infantry are at New Iberia, being mounted. Battery B, Massachusetts Light Artillery, was with the cavalry in the advance, doing fine service. The Fourth Wisconsin and Third Massachusetts Cavalry were at Baton Rouge and Port Hudson, respectively, engaged in outpost duty.

November 3.- Colonel Fonda's brigade, in the affair at Bayou Bourbeau or Grand Coteau, distinguished itself by gallant charges; 40 prisoners were taken by the cavalry.

November 7.- The cavalry was strengthened by mounting infantry, and newly brigaded.

November 11.- General Lee took from near Vermillion Bayou the First and Second Brigades, and developed the strength of the enemy at Carrion Crow Bayou, 16 miles distant. The reconnaissance was thoroughly successful, the enemy displaying cavalry, artillery, and infantry. On the return, the enemy pressed in superior force, both in rear and flank, but were successfully resisted. He followed to within 3 miles of Vermillionville, where lines were formed, and the First Brigade, Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, co- operating, the enemy ws driven back in confusion.

November 20.- With a portion of each brigade, General Lee moved from New Iberia early in the morning, and at daybreak surprised and surrounded a rebel outpost of 120 men at Camp Pratt, 6 miles above, wounding 2 men, and capturing 12 commissioned officers and 101 enlisted men of the Seventh Texas Cavalry.

November 23.- At daybreak an expedition under Colonel Lucas surprised the camp of Dupeire's battalion, near Grand Lake, and captured 4 officers and 31 enlisted men. T	he horses, arms, and the colors of the battalion were also taken.

November 25.- Moved from New Iberia to Camp Pratt on a reconnaissance. Colonel Fonda moved to within 5 miles of Vermillion Bayou with a portion of the Second and Third Illinois Cavalry, when, meeting a superior force of the enemy, he charged them, and, after a 5 miles run, succeeded in capturing, under the guns of the enemy, in force on the opposite bank, 1 commissioned officer and 68 enlisted men.

RETURN OF THE FIRST BRIGADE.

October 19.- Colonel Fonda assumed command of the brigade. On the same day had a skirmish with the rebels on the Opelousas road.

October 21.- Broke up camp and moved on Opelousas. Heavy skirmishing most of the way. The Fourteenth New York Cavalry joined the brigade.

October 22.- Three hundred men marched in the direction of Ville Platte, and drove in the enemy's pickets.

