
October 24.- The whole brigade moved on Washington, and 300 men marched 6 miles beyond, and drove the enemy before them.

October 26.- Drove in the enemy's pickets on the Ville Platte road.

October 28.- Made a reconnaissance west of Opelousas.

October 30.- Thirty- two men of the First Louisiana Cavalry, while on a scout west of Opelousas, were attacked by a superior force. Lost 13 men, prisoners.

October 31.- Drove the enemy out of Washington.

November 7.- The brigade was reorganized.*

November 9.- Made a reconnaissance nearly to Indian Bayou. Skirmished with a small body f the enemy.

November 11.- Made a reconnaissance to Carrion Crow Bayou. Found the enemy in force, and fell back, skirmishing, to Vermillionville, where a very brisk skirmish ensued, in which we were victorious.

November 16.- Moved from Vermillion Bayou to Camp Pratt; bivouacked, and next morning moved to this place.

November 20.- Went to Camp Pratt, and surprised and captured 12 officers and 100 men.

November 23.- At daylight, surprised the camp of the Yellow Jacket Battalion [Fournet's], and captured 3 officers and 30 privates.

November 25.- Found a small force of the enemy at Camp Pratt, and, after a running fight of 10 miles, captured 8 officers and 70 men.

RETURN OF THE SECOND BRIGADE.+

October 1.- Troops in good condition.

October 4.- Three hundred men, under Lieutenant- Colonel Bush, reported to Colonel Davis, commanding First Brigade, with two days' rations.

October 10.- Moved to Vermillion.

October 21.- Marched to Barre's Landing, on Bayou Courtableau, flanking the enemy at Opelousas. The same day had a skirmish with the Fifth Texas Cavalry. Lost 8 men killed, wounded, and missing. Lieutenant Colonel Bush joined me. Has had several skirmishes. Lost 4 in killed, wounded, and missing.

October 31.- Troops in good condition for service. No sour flour nor spoiled bacon issued. Hard bread and first- rate contraband beef in plenty.

November 1.- Marched from Opelousas, La., to Bayou Bourbeau, a distance of 10 miles.

November 2.- Skirmish.

November 3.- Battle of Grand Coteau, or Carrion Crow Bayou.

November 5.- Moved camp to Vermillion Bayou.

November 11.- Made a reconnaissance to Carrion Crow Bayou; sharp skirmishing on return march. Captain Marsh, of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois, was killed.

November 16.- Moved camp to New Iberia.

November 20.- The brigade formed a part of an expedition to Camp Pratt; took 110 prisoners.

November 21.- Skirmish.

November 25.- With 200 men of the Second and Third Illinois Cavalry, took 67 prisoners near Vermillion Bayou.

---------------

*Under command of Colonel Lucas, and consisting of the Eighty- seventh Illinois and Sixteenth Indiana Infantry Regiment (mounted), and the First Louisiana Cavalry.

+Reorganized November 7, under command of Colonel Fonda; to consist of the Second and Third Illinois Cavalry, and the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry, mounted.

---------------

