
Numbers 18. Daily Memoranda for Adjutant- General's Office, Department of the Gulf,

October 9-14.

NEW ORLEANS.

October 9.- At 5 p. m. yesterday, the major- general commanding, with staff, arrived at Madame Olivier's plantation, on banks of Bayou Teche, about 3 miles below New Iberia. Further navigation of the rebels during last campaign, to prevent her falling into our hands.

Dispatches received from Major- General Franklin on arrival of the boat, stating that he had awaited at Madame Olivier's plantation the arrival of the general commanding until 2 p. m., and had then left for the advance of his forces, some 12 miles beyond New Iberia, in the direction of Vermillion. There had been some skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry, which had been steadily driven back.

All the Nineteenth Army Corps had passed New Iberia, and one brigade of Washburn's division has gone forward.

Chief of staff telegraphed to assistant adjutant- general, New Orleans, special orders for Generals Asboth and P. St. George Cooke; first to go to Pensacola; latter to Baton Rouge; also in reference to artillery for Port Hudson.

Instructions sent to General Franklin, approving his intention to move on to Vermillion Bayou. Orders given to Major- General Ord to send forward the remaining brigade of First Division, Thirteenth Corps, at 6 a. m. following morning, viz, to- day. Steamer A. G. Brown, which brought the general and staff up, ordered back to Brashear to bring up supplies.

Orders sent to Major- General Dana, through acting assistant adjutant- general, New Orleans, to bring his force away from Morgan's Bend to Carrollton, and prepare his division to take the field. Orders sent to Captain R. T. Dunham, assistant adjutant- general, to report by telegraph whether or not light iron- clads could be expected, and to report at headquarters in the field without delay.

At daybreak, received dispatch from Major- General Franklin, reporting his cavalry advance at Bayou Vermillion; enemy in some force. Dispatch dated 1.30 a. m. to- day stated that the enemy had been driven to Major- General Ord to place one good brigade at Franklin. Dispatch received from Captain Dunham, stating that Admiral Porter had sent three tin-clads, but did not think it best to send any iron- clads, during low stage of water. Telegram sent to acting assistant adjutant- general, New Orleans, to have any tin- clads which might arrive sent at once to Berwick Bay, for co- operation with troops in the field.

At 11 a. m. commanding general and staff left to join General Franklin; stopped at wreck of Hart, and witnessed explosion of charge under her boilers, which was highly successful, and threw them clear of the bed and nearly on shore. Charge placed and exploded by Captain Bulkley. Continued route; passed New Iberia, and, when about half- way to Bayou Vermillion, received dispatch from General Franklin, stating that he held the end of the bridge over Bayou Vermillion and could hold it, and that the cavalry was crossing at a ford above; some skirmishing; continued on, and arrived at bayou, General Franklin's headquarters, at 3.30 p. m.

Sent back dispatch by hands of Major Wilson to Major- General Ord,

