
desiring him to move forward at 6 a. m. to- morrow, with the force with him, leaving one strong regiment and 100 cavalry at the head of navigation on the Teche.

The general and staff accompanied Generals Franklin and Weitzel to the Bayou Bridge. Found Weitzel's division holding position of bridge, with one regiment across; Grover's division holding position of ford, about 1 mile above, where the cavalry had passed. Slight bridge had been constructed, on which Generals Banks, Franklin, and Stone passed. Chief of staff rode forward to junction of roads leading respectively from ford and bridge to town, and found that point well held by Colonel Davis' cavalry. Village in sight; rode forward, and made slight reconnaissance; could see only a dozen or fifteen cavalry in outskirts of village. General Franklin commenced laying down two pontoon bridges at position of burnt bridge, capable of crossing artillery with safety. Casualties reported during the day: 1 major and 1 private wounded.

Ar 8 p. m. received dispatches from General Lee, chief of cavalry, giving notice of sending 200 mounted infantry and mountain howitzer battery to- morrow to Brashear. Also notice that steamer Red Chief had arrived at Brashear, and is partly loaded, and that Hancox had left Brashear with barge in tow having 100,000 rations- well.

Orders to General Lee to make preparations to come up. These orders sent to New Iberia to telegraph.

Memoranda closed at 8.30 p. m., October 9.

October 10.- Last night, between sunset and 9 p. m., two pontoon bridges were thrown across Vermillion Bayou, near the site of the late bridge on main road, by order of Major- General Franklin, and one brigade of Weitzel's division, Nims' light battery, and one field battery were thrown over the bayou before 10 p. m.

The enemy made no demonstrations during the night. Early this morning the cavalry under Colonel Davis and a section of Nims' battery advanced. Two shells from Nims' guns scattered the small force displayed near the village of Vermillionville, and our cavalry pursued the fugitives 1 1\2 miles beyond the village. Cavalry outposts were gradually advanced during the day, with a little random firing between our advance and small bodies of the enemy's cavalry, until to night we hold the road for 5 miles beyond Vermillionville, on the way to Opelousas. The Nineteenth Corps crossed the bayou, and encamped on the north side before noon to- day. Washburn's division, Thirteenth Corps, came up during the morning, and crossed immediately, camping on the left of Weitzel. About noon, the chief of staff, with part of headquarters escort, visited the advanced pickets, and reconnoitered those of the enemy 5 miles beyond Vermillion. The only force displayed seemed to be about 20 cavalry, although our pickets reported that they had seen about 80. The escort was fired upon ad it advanced, but no damage done.

General headquarters established in lawn before the house of Mr. Basil Crow, near the bridge. General Franklin's headquarters in rear of Governor Mouton's mansion. Good order was maintained in Vermillionville by a provost guard from Weitzel's division. Major General Ord arrived about 5 p. m., left two divisions of his corps about 10 miles in rear, and reported with his headquarters train, in obedience to instructions. There was left at the head of navigation on Bayou Teche a force f two regiments and 100 cavalry, under Colonel Mudd, were sent by orders from these headquarters this morning from New Iberia to Saint Martinsville, where a small force of the enemy's cavalry was seen yesterday, reported 60 strong.

