
Orleans. He left at 2 p. m. for New Iberia, accompanied by Lieutenant Ramsay. General Franklin was duly notified of General Banks' departure.

General Ord reported to the chief of staff that he was ill, and desired that he would give all necessary orders. About noon it was reported that Colonel Lucas, instead of reporting to General Ord, had gone on and reported to General Franklin, so that our flank had been uncovered all night and half the day. Chief of staff immediately signaled to General Franklin. Trains arrived bringing seven days' provisions for Thirteenth Army Corps, and trains reported on the way bringing additional for the Nineteenth Corps. A great deal of straggling and marauding on the part of soldiers reported, and stringent orders were given by General Ord to his division and brigade commanders to prevent it.

Captain Dungam arrived in camp about 4 p. m., bringing papers from assistant adjutant- general's office, New Orleans, of 10th; acted on, and ordered sent back.

Arrival in New Orleans of Colonel Dwight and Major Carpenter reported by acting assistant adjutant- general, and orders asked for given.

At 7.30 p. m., General [John G.] Pratt and his nephew, his aide decamp, of State of Louisiana service, arrived as prisoners, sent in by General Franklin. Allowed them to remain on parole at Mr. Crow's residence for the night, to be sent down to New Orleans to- morrow.

Memoranda closes at 8 p. m.

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier General, Chief of Staff.

VERMILLION BAYOU.

October 13.- Reports from General Franklin state all quiet in his front; slight skirmishing with the enemy's cavalry. Major Elfield, assistant engineer to Major Houston, sent out on a reconnaissance to Breaux Bridge, with an escort of 6 mounted men from Colonel Mudd's command. He returned at 4.30 p. m., reporting that he proceeded as far as Breaux Bridge, finding that the bridge had been burned, but could be repaired, requiring new timber, as the abutments still stand. He saw at the distance a few mounted men of the enemy, but no force had been there in two or three days.

The small bridges over the gullies have been torn up, but can be repaired in a few hours. He reports he saw no picket or scout of ours, except the one stationed 1 1\2 miles beyond Lafayette, and reports that there would be no difficulty for either cavalry or infantry of the enemy to approach this place by the way of Newton Bridge, and suggested the propriety of establishing a picket at the latter place. Reported to Major- General Ord.

Brigadier- General Stone, chief of staff, left here at 12.45 p. m. for New Orleans, via New Iberia, escorted by 6 men and a non commissioned officer of the headquarters cavalry. Captain Dunham accompanied him to New Iberia, and was to return in the morning.

Orderly arrived at 5 p. m., with dispatches from New Iberia for Major Houston and Colonel Chandler.

A citizen came in this evening from Saint Landry Parish, and reports

