
that the enemy between Washington and Holmesville; the most of their wagons and baggage have been sent on toward Alexandria; force said to be about 10,000 men, under Generals Green, Walker, and Mouton; has traveled 25 miles on our left flank, and has seen no armed men of the enemy on the route. He thinks their whole force will fall back on Alexandria, if pressed by our advance.

Until Sunday the enemy had a regular line of couriers established between Vermillion and Opelousas and the Texas line; says the Texans have driven off almost all the negroes to Texas. Governor Moore and Kirby Smith said to be at Shreveport; estimates the whole force of the enemy in this State at 25,000. Seventy- five wagons arrived with supplies; 30 men and 1 officer ordered to escort a part of this train to General Franklin's command. Notes close at 8 p. m.

October 14.- Two negroes came in, reporting that there was a force of 300 mounted men of the enemy on the Teche, in the neighborhood of Breaux Bridge, waiting for an opportunity for our main force to pass this point, in order that they might attack our supply trains coming forward. Communicated this to General Ord, in the absence of the major- general commanding.

General Ord sent a force of infantry and mounted men to ascertain the fact, and capture the party, if possible.

In obedience to a telegram received from headquarters Department of the Gulf, at New Orleans, Major Houston, chief engineer, left here at 3 p. m. for New Orleans; Major Elfield ordered to act as chief engineer of these headquarters in Major Houston's absence.

At 5 p. m. the signal officer reported heavy firing in the direction of General Franklin's force. At 9 p. m. received a dispatch from Major- General Franklin, stating that Colonel Davis, First Texas Cavalry, would be sent to New Orleans as soon as his picket could be withdrawn (in obedience to instructions received from the major- general commanding, through General Ord); reports also that the enemy have a force on our right flank, near Vermillion Bayou, and that he does not need any more infantry, but cavalry, as the enemy are endeavoring to find some weak point in our line to make an attack. This dispatch communicated to General Ord at 9.20 p. m., and also a copy to the major- general commanding at new Orleans. Received some rebel prisoners from the nineteenth Corps and forwarded them to General Ord.

The One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry arrived Memoranda closed at 9.30 p. m.

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General.

Numbers 19. Report of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, C. S. Army, commanding Trans- Mississippi Department.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Shreveport, La., November 8, 1863.

I have the honor to inclose the last dispatch received from General Taylor, announcing a successful attack of General Green upon the enemy's retreating column.

I would respectfully call the attention of the Department to General Taylor's late operations in Lower Louisiana. Cautious, yet bold; always

