
of the movement. No water expedition is in contemplation from Berwick Bay. Three regiments and four pieces of artillery have been left at Franklin, and a strong guard at New Iberia. All the remainder are in my front. If the enemy follows me north of the Courtableau without detaching to the west, then Northern Texas, and not Niblett's, will be his object.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major- General.

Brigadier- General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Washington, October 22, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, on yesterday morning, the advance of the enemy along his whole line compelled me to with-draw from Opelousas. The enemy's advance of some 5,000 up the Teche road ruined our position at Opelousas. This I was prepared to expect. After some skirmishing in front of Opelousas, in which we lost 2 killed, General Green withdrew to Washington, inflicting some loss on the enemy. The expedition sent by General Green, under Colonel [W. G.] Vincent, Second Louisiana, to the enemy's rear, on the 13th, returned last night, bringing 1 lieutenant had on him a signal book, with copies of many important dispatches between Franklin, Ord, and Banks. The latter was with the enemy on the 8th instant, but subsequently returned to New Orleans. It appears from these dispatches that one thousand wagons crossed Berwick Bay; that the reserve artillery at Baton Rouge alry. T	he last dispatch from Banks to Franklin, of the 20th, directs him to establish and hold the best line he can, and wait for the Red Chief to arrive. This is a very small, light steamer, that is intended to navigate the Courtableau. I have taken measures to destroy her if she comes up.

On the 7th instant, Banks telegraphs:

It is my wish that the advance should be made sufficiently [strong] to cover the Courtableau. I am sure of the safety of Barre's Landing; that being accomplished, the base of supplies can be changed.

Now, Barre's Landing is 12 miles below Washington, on the Courtableau, and is where the Teche communicates with it. A change of base of supplies from Barre's Landing must mean Simsport- at least, that is what I suppose- for the time. No appearance of a movement west, and Barre's Landing is entirely out of the direction of Texas.

Then, all conclusions point to a farther advance in this direction. From different sources of information, I find the first plan of the enemy was to secure Sabine Pass with Franklin's expedition, which consisted of 3,000 men, or the two brigades of Weitzel and Emory. As soon as Sabine Pass was secured, Ord, with a heavy force, then at Ship Island, was to re- enforce Franklin at Sabine Pass. Washburn, with 13,000 men, was sent to Berwick Bay, to drive me from the Teche as soon as Franklin succeeded. At the same time, Herron's division was sent to Morganza, to cross in my rear and prevent me from reaching Red River and Shreveport, while Franklin, by guarding the Sabine River, would

