
prevent me from reaching Texas. The failure of Franklin to reach Sabine Pass, and the defeat of Herron's division at the Fordoche, have defeated this notable scheme. Franklin, Ord, and Herron have all joined Washburn below, as have the troops from Port Hudson and Baton Rouge, excepting small garrisons.

The withdrawal of Lee's cavalry from Mississippi having relieved the enemy of all apprehension on the east bank of the river, I shall watch the Texas road closely, as well as Simsport and the Atchafalaya. The enemy are just advancing on this place from Barre's Landing. From Opelousas also they are moving- 2 p. m.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major- General.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Bayou Boeuf, October 23, 1863- 9 p. m.

GENERAL: I have just returned from a visit to the front, near Washington. T	he enemy have a large force at Barre's Landing, 12 miles below Washington, on the Courtableau, and are preparing to bridge that bayou, when they will take the road- a perfectly practicable one- by Big Cane, striking the Bayou Boeuf at its junction with the Huffpower. I have just heard, indirectly, from Colonel Major, that the enemy are advancing in large force on the road leading by Chicot to Alexandria and Natchitoches. As this last mentioned is the shortest one to both those places, I have sent a staff officer to verify the report, and, if correct, I shall at once fall back, so as to make that road. I think that all thought of the enemy moving to Texas now may be dismissed, unless after first marching up the valley of Red River to Shreveport. I have directed all the sick and others which are at Alexandria to be removed at once to Natchitoches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major- General, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Bayou Boeuf, October 25, 1863.

GENERAL: Yesterday morning the enemy advanced some 5 miles above Washington, on the Boeuf road. We were drawn up to oppose them or fight; the enemy, however, declined, and returned to Washington.

Last night, Colonel Major captured 23 of the Thirteenth Corps below Opelousas. We have beaten the enemy in a number of skirmishes, taking prisoners. He, however, declines any serious engagement unless he has his whole force in hand. No movement toward the west. All the recent prisoners say the expedition is going to Alexandria and Shreveport. I have moved the main body of my forces to the Huff- power, as we have entirely consumed the forage on the Lower Boeuf. In addition, I can throw more cavalry on the prairies to the enemy's

