
of the Thirteenth Corps, from Vicksburg, and numbered about 4,000. A force of equal or superior strength came to their assistance.

"Our loss in all, perhaps,100, including 30 killed. The enemy's camp was burned before leaving it, and his dead and wounded left on the field. His loss in killed and wounded was very severe, and is not included in the computation of prisoners above.

"R. TAYLOR,

"Major- General."

[INDORSEMENT.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,November 8, 1863.

General [J. S.] MARMADUKE:

GENERAL: The preceding statement was telegraphed to Camden from Shreveport, and forwarded to these headquarters by General [J. F.] Fagan.

Respectfully,

J. F. BELTON,

Lieutenant- Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant- General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WESTERN LOUISIANA,Bayou Boeuf, November 7, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith the report of Brigadier- General Thomas Green of the action of the 3rd instant, near Opelousas. Too much praise cannot be given to General Green and the troops engaged. The exact moment when a heavy blow could be given was seized in a masterly manner. I have so frequently had occasion to commend the conduct of General Green, that I have nothing to add in his praise, except that he has surpassed my expectations, which I did not think possible. This officer has within the past few months commanded in three successful engagements- on the La Fourche, on the Fordoche, and near Opelousas- two of which were won against heavy odds. His sphere of usefulness should be enlarged by his promotion to a major- general He is now commanding a division of cavalry, and I respectfully urge that he be promoted. I also beg leave to repeat the recommendation previously forwarded for the promotion of Colonel Major. This officer has for some months been in command of a brigade, and has shown marked energy and ability. On the 3rd instant he led a brilliant and effective charge on the enemy's line.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major- General.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TRANS- MISSISSIPPI,Shreveport, November 24, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded, with the request that the attention of His Excellency the President may be called to the recommendation of Major- General Taylor in the cases of Brigadier- General Green and Colonel Major.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant- General, Commanding.

