
Numbers 21. Report of Brigadier General Alfred Mouton, C. S. Ary, commanding Sub- District of Southwestern Louisiana, of affair at Nelson's Bridge, &amp;c.

AMP PRATT, LA.,

October 4, 1863- 7.30 p. m.

GENERAL" I have the honor to report the enemy at New Iberia. We left the town at sundown. Colonel Vincent ambuscaded them at Nelson's Bridge, and their advance driven in, leaving the road full of dead and wounded. I will move this command, say about 250 men, beyond the Vermillion after midnight to- night, leaving only men enough to observe and get on their flank, so as to find out their exact strength. They are in large force. Colonel Major cannot reach the Vermillion before to- morrow night. I have sent him orders to cut across the country, and cross the Vermillion at Mouton's Bridge, 6 miles above the public bridge. I cannot do anything except watch their movements and ascertain their force. A prisoner taken this evening states the enemy have seven regiments cavalry, a very large quantity of artillery, among them the siege Parrotts. He says he has always heard there were 75,000 men under General Franklin; they are going to Texas. The expedition by water was given up. General Banks is in New Orleans. General Grant, he says, is expected, having gone to Mobile. He says their camps extended from near Berwick Bay to near Franklin, showing these by their force. The prisoner is an American, rather intelligent, and gave the names and numbers of the cavalry regiments, and was made to repeat them, so as to see whether he was telling the truth. His statement was consistent in every instance. I hope to meet Colonel Major to- morrow, before the enemy reaches that point.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFR. MOUTON,

Brigadier- General, Commanding.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding District of Western Louisiana.

Numbers 22. Report of Brigadier General Thomas Green, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, of engagement at Bayou Bourbeau.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION OF CAVALRY,Opelousas, November 4, 1863.

MAJOR: After having retired from Opelousas, October 20, with the division of cavalry under my command, before the advancing enemy, in three columns, to wit, Major's brigade up the Chicot road, and Bagby's and the artillery up the Boeuf and Big Cane roads, to a point where forage could be procured for our horses, only a few days' rest intervened when my scouts reported that the enemy had fallen back from the vicinity of Opelousas and Barre's Landing, at which places they had encamped in considerable force. Upon this information being conveyed to the major- general commanding, I was ordered to pursue and harass the enemy with my division of cavalry and three regiments of infantry, then on outpost duty, to with, Colonel [O. M.] Roberts' Eleventh Texas, Colonel [W. H.] King's Eighteenth Texas, Colonel [J. W.]

