
and an efficient organization of the Mexican forces against their invaders. They represent the Juarez Government to be unpopular with the people, and universally unacceptable to the army.

If Cobos is successful, this will be the tendency f his movement, but it may be changed by events as they transpire from day to day. Associated with Bobos is General Cortinas, a Mexican, thoroughly hostile to the French interests, of great influence with the Mexican people, although an uneducated man, and of not very prepossessing manners. He has for several years resided in Tamaulipas, and two years since organized a revolutionary movement against the Texan authorities of this country. It was unsuccessful, and he has since resided in Mexico. His friends count him as in the interests of the United States Government, and we have relied upon his assistance in raising Mexican troops, if it should be necessary.

Don Manuel Ruiz, the deposed Military Governor of Tamaulipas, whose headquarters were at Matamoras, is unquestionably a friend of the United States. He had, before the occurrence of this revolution, made such arrangements in regard to the use of steamers to assist us in our movements as puts this question beyond possibility of doubt. His overthrow cannot be considered otherwise than as a very serious misfortune to our Government.

This is the condition of things as they stand to- night. Cobos has from 500 to 700 armed men.

The citizens of Matamoras seemed to have been paralyzed by the suddenness of this movement, and were unprepared at the moment to resist. Anticipations of an emeute to- night are confidently expressed by Mexican citizens who are in Brownsville.

The best informed persons I have seen represent Spain to be hostile to the French movement on this continent, and all those of Spanish descent, I am credibly informed, share earnestly that feeling of the mother country.

The reason they assign for this course of Spain and the Spanish residents of this country is, that Mexico having been colonized and fostered by the Spanish nation, although it has since attained an independent position, they are unwilling to see its influence and its power pass to the French Government. T	his is a firmly rooted feeling, both in the nation and in the people, and it is represented that the influence of Spain will be permanently against the French movement in this country.

They say that Spain and the American Spaniards view the French movement in Mexico precisely as Americans would regard a similar movement of the French in the United States, and are actuated by the same feelings in their conduct in regard to it. T	he Mexican church has, in losing the great bulk of its property, parted with its political influence to an extent not wholly appreciated by the American people. This is said by the adherents of Cobos and Miramon, who are regarded, in the political parlance of the day, as reactionists, or adherents of the Spanish church.

I have information of a most direct character that an officer on board our fleet has given information directly to the rebel military authorities of such a character as to change somewhat my plans, and I shall, in consequence, make more preparation for the defense of this position than I had hitherto contemplated.

You will pardon me if I express the opinion, upon full consideration of all the circumstances of the case, that the flag of the American Government is raised at a most opportune moment. The crisis is upon us. Whatever may be the views or plans of Bobos or the revolutionists, it

