
cannot be doubted that this movement has been in contemplation for a long time, and that it is precipitated by the evacuations of the rebel forces and the occupation of the Rio Grande by our troops. If it fail, it will be in consequence of a want of time to perfect the arrangements necessary for its complete success. It is apparent that there was a most perfect understanding between the rebel leaders and the parties under Cobos, both in Brownsville and Matamoras.

Our unexpected arrival precipitated his movement before preparations were completed. It can hardly be doubted that, with his complete success, the French party would have been established in power in the State of Tamaulipas, the importance of which can be estimated when it is remembered that it extends from the mouth of the Rio Grande to Tampico on the Gulf coast, to Laredo on the Rio Grande, and covers the gap left in the French decree for the blockade of Mexico.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosures.]

Jose Maria Cobos, general of division of the Mexican Army, to his companions in arms.

MATAMORAS, November 6, 1863.

The grave situation of the nation, in consequence of French intervention and the misfortunes which afflict the Republican through the ineffectual resistance of a Government whose existence is a calamity for the people, has caused you to take up arms, and to salute the morning of this day with the cry of independence and liberty, thus preparing yourselves to reconquer for the nation the precious boon lost under the rude blows of a tyrannical demagogue, and to come to its defense with the courage and decision which I recognize in you.

Marvelous in fact is the accumulation of outrages which are actually practiced upon the public destiny, and it is far better not to live at all if we must lose the hope of re-establishing the empire of the law, which brings with it individual guarantees and respect for property, attacked in all parts of the country by these satellites of a corrupt Government. I will aid you with all my might in the work of political regeneration to which you have invited me, and, notwithstanding we are but few, it matters not, for Mexico has many and good patriots to unite in saving our nationality.

My heart swells with gratitude for the honor you have done me in proclaiming me your chief, and if in so doing you have had iii view my eighteen years of service in the army of the Republic, defending the good principles-for my desire has always been to see it happy-I promise you that in the future I will not disappoint by my actions the good opinion I have merited from you.

Soldiers of the country! In being faithful to your colors in defense of the national integrity, you will have fulfilled your duty, and on returning to your firesides you will present to your wives and children the laurels of victory, which I hope you will pursue like good Mexicans. I laurels of victory, which I hope you will pursue like good Mexicans. I invite you, then, to continue with firmness and constancy in this holy cause, and we will march to the cry of Long live Independence! Long live Liberty!

26 R-VOL XXVI, PT I

