
[CHAP. XXXVIIII.
MATAMORAS,

November 6, 1863.

Citizens of Matamoras:

I have come to occupy this city iii answer to the call of Mexican patriots desirous of sacrificing themselves for the national independence, and to put myself at the head of thais handful of braves in defense of a cause so sacred. I do no more than perform my duty and remain faithful to my well-known principles, since, at an epoch not far distant, I consecrated my days to combating the anarchy in which this unhappy Government of demagogy is founded, and establishing one consolidated by peace, advance prosperity, and make law to reign.

As a general of the Mexican army, and an adopted son of this magnanimous nation, I do not come to incite domestic insurrections, nor to dispute on local questions. Our standard is actually that of independence, in which is centered the happiness of the country. I know that you are going under an insupportable oppression, and that they have thought you docile to serve the caprice and will of a few, who, in this city, as well as in others of the State, absorb like bloodsuckers the public funds and the fruit of your labor. You will take account of these and their management, and they must answer before their judges for their conduct.

Matamorians! In addressing you, it gratifies me to promise you that to every citizen, of whatever class and condition, he will give the necessary guarantees, and that he will watch with the greatest zeal for the security of property and the order in the city.

JOSE MARIA COBOS.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Brownsville, Tex., November 7, 1863-8 p.m.

GENERAL: Another revolution occurred to-day in Matamoras. General Cortinas, having obtained evidence that Cobos and hies partisans were plotting for a French supremacy in Tamaulipas, seized the reins of the government, arrested Cobos, and, after a trial occupying but a few minutes, condemned him and two of his companions to be shot. The execution took place about 10 o'clock, in the presence of all the people of Matamoras, in the outskirts of the city. Cobos was shot by a platoon of troops. Vila, one of his principal officers, was permitted to run the gauntlet, and was shot upon his fight. Vila was permitted to run the gauntlet, and was shot upon his flight. Vila was a revolutionist of Spain, compelled to abandon his country. He resided for several years in New York. It is probable he was in sympathy and communication with the French partisans of that city. Within a few months past he has been connected with Cobos in Brownsville, and went with him from this city to Matamoras to assist him in the revolutionary movement, which was probably to place the French in power.

His career was a short one. A third party (

-----

) was shot outside the city later in the day. The partisans of Cortinas are still in pursuit of other leading members of the Cobos government.

Great consternation is manifested in Matamoras and Brownsville on the part of those who had been privy to the acts of Cobos. Governor Ruiz was immediaitely released upon the assumption of power by Cortinas, and issued a proclamation to the army and to the citizens of Matamoras, copies of which I herewith inclose. It was supposed by is friends that he was permanently invested with military power, and such was his own assumption in hies proclamations.

