
At 4 o'clock, however, he was waited upon by Cortinas, who expressed to him a fear for his safety, and offered him a guard of 25 men to protect his retreat from the city.

Governor Ruiz interpreted this as an intimation of his own execution, and, without waiting for the guard, and not even obtaining permission from the American consul, according to regulations we had established, came to this city and demanded by protection, which was readily and cheerfully granted to him.

He still remains in this city. Cortinas has declared for the Governor of

-----

, who holds the position of Civil Governor of the State of Tamaulipas, coexistent and subordinate in the present condition of Mexico to the authority of the military government, which was the position held by Ruiz, who is succeeded by Cortinas as Military Governor de facto.

Great excitement existed in the city "K the whole day among the partisans of the French, both the French: and the Cobos party, and the sympathizers with the rebels against the American Government, and it was feared another revolution would occur to-night which might place the French party in power.

This another was shared by all those whose sympathies were with the United States Government, and seems to indicate in the strongest manner the belief that this was the principal object of the Cobos movement.

At 5.30 p.m. I received a communication from the American consul, expressing strong apprehensions that his house would be among the earliest objects of attack. I immediaitely notified him that in case his apprehensions were verified, I would give him full protection. A copy of his letter, and my reply thereto, I herewith inclose.

My troops are under orders to be ready for movement at any moment during the night. I have directed a battery of artillery to take position on the bank of the river opposite Matamoras. The authorities of Matamoras have probably been notified by our consul of my purpose to protect the American flag. It is understood that Cortinas will declare for the restoration of Governor Serna. Serna, about ten years since, ran for the office of Governor, and the polls resulted in a tie. A new election was ordered, with great violence, which resulted in Serna's election. He was in sympathy with the Juarez Government. The military authorities of Matamoras, for local reasons, resisted his authority and a siege occurred of nearly three months' duration, which ended in the defeat of Serna. A Military Governor ad interim was appointed, who held his office for several months, but discontents and disturbances arose, and he resigned his office, and was succeeded by Governor Ruiz, appointed by Juarez as Military Governor. Ruiz has held power until overthrown by Cobos.

The chief feature to be noticed in regard to Serna's politics is, that all parties represented by Ruiz, Cortinas, and Serna are Mexicans, thoroughly hostile to the French.

I have received information to-day from a most intelligent man, who has been long connected with the steam navigation of the Rio Grande, who says that the French fleet has been waiting for a long time for a pronunciamento placing the French party in power in Tamaulipas.

I am confident that this statement is correct. It will explain that decree of the French Government establishing a blockade upon the Mexican coast up to a point 9 miles south of the Rio Grande. This gap was to be filled by the Governor of Tamaulipas. Tamaulipas extends from Tampico to Laredo on the Rio Grande, and, the French in posses-

