
[CHAP. XXXVIIII.
sion, it would give them complete control of the right bank of that river.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Proclamation by the Citizen Manual Ruiz, Brigadier-General Governor and Military Commandeer of the State of Tamaulipas.

MATAMORA, November 7, 1863.

Garrison of Matamoras:

SOLDIERS: You have won new laurels; you have added a new luster to the many already acquired; you have re-established order in a moment of terrible danger, and you have re-established the authority of the highest government of the nation, which is the authority of the Mexican people, for it is they who have constituted it. You have proved to me in a moment of terrible trial that I can depend upon you in all circumstances, as you may count upon me.

Soldiers, in the name of the Supreme Government, in the name of the nation, in the name of the Mexican people, I thank you, and I congratulate you upon your heroic conduct. Rest assured that I shall never forget the proofs of affection that you have given me, and I shall always speak of you as models of loyalty, of discipline, and patriotism.

MANUEL RUIZ.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Proclamation by the Citizen Manuel Ruiz, Brigadier-General, Governor and Military Commander of the State of Tamaulipas.

MATAMORAS, November 7, 1863.

Citizens of Matamoras:

Thanks to the infamy of a small number of traitors, an iniquitous party arrived in your beautiful city and overpowered it for twenty-four hours. But they quickly received the punishment they deserved, and the earth already covers their dead bodies. Before long the loyal will have received their recompense.

You have also acquired a new title of glory, and you have demonstrated that it is not in vain you bear upon your escutcheon the triple device of loyal, invincible and heroic Matamoras.

Not for a single moment have I doubted your triumph, for I trusted in you.

Citizens of Matamoras, Long live Independence! Long live Liberty! Long live the National Guard! Long live Lieutenant Colonel Juan Nepomucen Cortinas!

MANUEL RUIZ

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

UNITED STATES CONSULATE,

Matamoras, November 7, 1863.

Major-General BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, Brownsville:

DEAR SIR: We anticipate a riot (or what is called, in Mexican phraseology, a revolution) to-night, and I am fearful that my house

