
session of Aransas Pass, and, if possible, of Pass Cavallo. The force will enter Corpus Christi Pass with such boats as may be able to cross the bar at that point, and land upon Mustang Island, on the inner side. The rebel force at Aransas is supposed to be one light battery, with two or three companies of infantry and artillery, not more than 200 or 300 in number. Upon gaining Corpus Christi, the troops must be subject to the exigencies that may arise. The troops will move from this point in light marching order, their baggage to be sent to them after possession of the island is obtained. The boats adapted to the service are the Matamoras, Planter, Bagaly, and two light-draught schooners, which will be designated. The Monongahela, and probably the Virginia, United States gunboats, will assist by an attack upon the force in front; the McClellan will sustain the fleet on the outside. All the disposable barges in possession of the fleet at Brazos, excepting such as are absolutely necessary, will be placed upon the boats that are designated for the expedition. Navy boat howitzers and two 20-pounder Parrotts will also be placed upon the boats that enter the bay. Should the battery from Brownsville fail to reach Brazos in season to depart with the fleet, the guns will be manned by a force extemporized from the gunboats and the transport vessels, with such as can be added from the infantry regiments. Fifteen days' rations should be provided, a sufficiency of water for the support of the troops one week, forage, for 50 horses at least, and surplus ammunition for infantry and artillery.

2. Captain R. M. Hill, ordnance officer, is placed in charge of the artillery, and will organize a sufficient force from the principal vessels and ships of war to man the guns, and will report to General Ransom.

3. Captain J. P. Baker, engineer, is directed to accompany the expedition. If possible, the expedition will sail at 3 o'clock this afternoon.

By command of Major-General Banks:

AUGUSTUS W. SEXTON, JR.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Reports of Major General N. J. T. Dana, U. S. Army, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Brazos Santiago, November 7, 1863.

GENERAL: I leave now for Brownsville. I have just received dispatches from that place, from Major-General Banks, containing the following:

Steamers that can enter the Brashear should be sent forward as soon as possible for troops and artillery, with instructions to return to Brazos without delay.

The Saint Mary's will leave, to be followed by the Clinton and Crescent next day, each vessel capable of carrying 800 or 900 men, or 100 horses and 500 men.

I have the honor to be,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans.

