
CHAP. XXXVIII.

BRAZOS ISLAND,

November 7, 1863-8 p.m.

GENERAL: I have just received your dispatch of 10.30 a.m. of to-day. Brigadier-General Ransom has arrived, and I had intended to have relieved General Vandever and to have put him in his place, but I must for the present leave him here to push matters on.

The Twentieth are still on board the Scott, and I will remain here long enough to-morrow to see that they are sure to be landed, and to see that other things are so far progressed that General Ransom can understand them, but shall leave some time to-morrow.

Vandever's brigade, except the Fifteenth Maine, is on the march to Brownsville. The Twentieth Iowa, of Dye's brigade, is at Point Isabel. The Twentieth Wisconsin, of the same brigade, will march to-morrow for Brownsville.

I see no way immediately of sending the articles I have named in connection with the Scott, except on lighters which we expect from you by way of the mouth of the river. Will they be in danger by that route?

I shall send the Saint Mary's to Brashear at noon to-morrow. The Clinton and the Crescent will leave next day, unless otherwise directed.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

Major-General BANKS,

Brownsville.

BROWNSVILLE,

November 15, 1863-7 a.m.

GENERAL: I received last night your dispatch of 9 a.m. yesterday, and just before that I had written you by the sergeant commanding the escort which was furnished to Governor King. Nothing has occurred since then. The troops sent from here are the Thirteenth Maine, Thirty-fourth Iowa, and Battery F, First Missouri Light Artillery (six pieces), which, with the Fifteenth Maine, make about 1,100 men, 100 more than I understood you to have prepared.

The Twentieth Iowa is also at Point Isabel, 300 strong. I mention these things because you say in your communication "the Thirteenth Maine will probably to here to-night, and I think you should forward immediately the other regiments," and I am uneasy for fear you may be expecting more troops from here than I understood you to direct. I will wait to hear from you further before sending more.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

Major-General BANKS,

Brazos Island.

BROWNSVILLE, TEX.,

November 15, 1863-1 p.m.

GENERAL: I inclose notes from Colonel Davis and Mr. Gray,* on the subject of enlisting Texans for a term "during the campaign in Texas." From what you had said to me, I had decided, when Mr. Gray first applied to have a company of rangers mustered in that way, to order it to be done; but I then discovered that Gray had no authority

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

