
or commission from you, neither had he a company, but only 12 men to begin with, and expected to get others. Colonel Davis complains that some of these are his recruits, and that Gray, by holding out the inducement of short enlistment, influences men who have already offered to serve like the other old troops. He even asserts that Gray has been sworn in his regiment himself. He thinks the interference of Gray has operated to check recruiting very much. As Gray had no authority from you, I decided to suspend any action till I could communicate with you, but I informed Colonel Davis that I had understood you to say you would authorize the acceptance of Texans for the term of "during the campaign in Texas" who would not otherwise enlist. I think the question involves difficulties, as it will, perhaps, operate to cause dissatisfaction among some old troops, especially in Davis' regiment.

Please accept my thanks for the papers you sent me. They are the only ones I have received.

It is superfluous to offer or express my best wishes for your new enterprise. I feel that it is already accomplished, and I have every confidence of hearing from you to that effect in a very few days.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

Major-General BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf.

[P. S.]- I have this moment received a message from Mr. Pierce, by one of my staff officers, to the effect that rumors were coming in that the French advance was falling back on Tampico, and preparations were making for the evacuation of Tamaulipas.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Brownsville, November 16, 1863-7 p.m.

GENERAL: I have just received your dispatch of 2.30 p.m. of yesterday. This afternoon dispatches arrived here through Mr. Pierce, consul at Matamoras, from Mr. Kimmey, consul at Monterey, addressed to you, which I have taken the liberty of opening, owing to the supposition that they probably contained information from Eagle Pass or Franklin which ought to be acted on without delay. I inclose the packages.

In replying to Mr. Kimmey, I told him we were buying all the horses and mules which were presented, and would buy not less than 2,000 of both. I also informed him that if his mails were sent to our care at this place, via Brazos, we would deliver them to Mr. Pierce. I have sent Lieutenant Cushing into the interior of Mexico, 30 miles from Matamoras, to procure horses and mules; he will be gone two days. The fortifications were commenced to-day, and will be pressed forward. I have sent into the interior 30 miles for some cotton which was reported as approaching the river above here, and I also expect a couple of lots in from a point 70 miles from here on the King's ranch road. The teamsters came to ask permission to bring it in, and security that they might sell it. I offered them to pay their freight money ($4 per hundred) on their delivery of it if they would bring it in of their own accord. They consented, and have gone for it. The Thirty-fourth Iowa captured and delivered 39 bales on their march down to Point Isabel.

