
CHAP. XXXVIII.

I have ordered a cavalry picket of 50 men, 40 miles from here, on the Corpus Christi road, beyond the Arroyo Colorado, at the point where the road crosses it at Taylor's Ferry. Also a picket at Rancho Rucia, on the Rio Grande, 27 miles above here, where the road to Las Animas leaves the river. Both pickets are ordered to keep out vedettes, and scout the country, &amp;c. We shall keep our picket line vigilant and strong enough.

I have the honor to remain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

Major-General BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Brownsville, November 16, 1863.

M. M. KIMMEY, Esq.,

U. S. Vice-Consul, Monterey, Mexico:

Your dispatch of the 11th instant, addressed to the major-general commanding the Department of the Gulf, was received here to-day, and, in his absence, I have opened and examined it. General Banks has gone up the coast, and I hope in two or three days to hear good news from him. We shall need many mules and horses for the army here, and are now buying all that are offered at fair prices. We shall need 1,000 of each very soon, and more after that.

In regard to mails, it will give us great pleasure to serve you in that or any other way. If your mails are directed here, via Brazos Santiago, we will turn them over to Mr. Pierce at Matamoras for you. I send you the two latest papers I have, and am sorry I have no New Orleans papers.

Please accept our thanks for the information you give. It is to be hoped that our movements will leave * * * but little value * * *

to Eagle Pass, our movements will leave * * * but little value

* * * to Eagle Pass, in rebel estimation, before long. We are hoping soon to hear from General Carleton, through your agency, and shall depend a good deal on you to aid us with information.

Very truly, yours,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Brownsville, Tex., November 21, 1863-1 p.m.

GENERAL: I wrote my last dispatch on the 19th, and have not as yet heard from you since you left Brazos Island, except through Mexican reports, which have placed your advance as far as San Patricio. A rebel agent, who knows all about their train, and who manages most of them, told a friend of mine, whose relations with me are not known, that if you had landed at Corpus [Christi], and should march to San Patricio, you had force enough to take or compel them to destroy everything this side of there, and that he had one train this side of there loaded with blankets and clothing and other military supplies worth $300,000.

There was a cotton panic over the river yesterday; it was offered freely at 28 cents; everybody wanted to sell, but nobody would buy. People over there had all kinds of stories about it. Some said the consul had some secret instructions; some that there was to be an embargo.

