
Colonel Lippincott, of the Thirty-third Illinois, rendered me great assistance in the advance upon the enemy's works, and displayed both courage and judgment.

Major Kenny, of the Eighth Indiana, though lately promoted to the position, proved by his courage and coolness that he was well worthy of the same.

Lieutenant-Colonel Charles, of the Eighteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, brought his regiment in fine style and good order through a heavy fire from the fort to the support of the two advance regiments.

Colonel Bailey, of the Ninety-ninth Illinois, and Colonel Glasgow, of the Twenty-third Iowa, who were held in reserve, were both anxious to be moved to the front, and, more by accident than anything else, were thrown into the reserve. Both regiments had already established their reputation as veterans in the well-fought fields of Mississippi. I am greatly indebted to Captain McCallister, Eighth Indiana, and Captain Hull, Ninety-ninth Illinois, for their assistance in the digging and laying out of their rifle-pit and placing of the battery.

Lieutenant Stillman, commanding Seventh Michigan Battery, rendered very efficient aid in discomfiting the enemy. Two guns of his battery were worked right under the fire of the guns of the fort.

My own staff discharged their duties with fidelity, courage, and ability. They are as follows: Major I. H. Elliott, Thirty-third Illinois, inspector and chief of staff; Captain S. H. Dunbar, Eighth Indiana, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain John Ruess, Eighth Indiana, acting assistant commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant and Adjt. W. W. Zener, Eighteenth Indiana, aide-de-camp and provost-marshal; Lieutenant G. H. Fifer, Thirty-third Illinois, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant J. G. Sever, Ninety-ninth Illinois, ordnance officer. Major Joseph H. Ledlie, Ninety-ninth Illinois, senior surgeon, was detailed on operating board.

I would also make especial mention of Sergt. John Goodlander, of Company F, Eighth Indiana, and Private Addison Hallenbeck, Company K, Eighteenth Indiana, who were the first to mount the enemy's works the morning of the 29th. In mentioning the above, I would not have it understood that any of my officers or men failed to do their duty, and their whole duty.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. WASHBURN,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigadier, First Div., Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel [John] Charles Black, Thirty-seventh Illinois Infantry, First Brigade, Second Division, of expedition to Rio Grande City.

STEAMER MUSTANG,

December --, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by the Thirty seventh Illinois Infantry in the late expedition to Rio Grande City, Tex.:

In pursuance to the instructions of the major-general commanding, I reported to Colonel E. J. Davis for orders, November 22, and, in conformity therewith, embarked with seven companies of my command on board the steamer Mustang, at 12 m., November 23. The remaining three companies, under Major Payne, accompanied the land forces in wagons.

