
CHAP. XXXVIII.

slight rise of ground. This afternoon and the following day were occupied in reconnoitering the approaches to the enemy's work, and was attended with occasional skirmishing and sharpshooting on both sides and occasional artillery shots from the enemy.

On the night of the 28th, I threw up an earthwork in advance of my left, and on the opposite side of a salt lagoon which intervened between my position and the chief work of the enemy, where I placed Captain Foust's battery, supported by the Thirty-fourth Iowa Infantry, and opened fire on the fort at daylight on the 29th, continuing at intervals all day. In the meantime the Seventh Michigan Battery, of Colonel Washburn's brigade, had been advanced under cover of the sand hills on the beach, and opened upon the fort from the right of our line. No casualties occurred in my command. During the night of the 29th ultimo the enemy evacuated their works and retired, setting fire to their magazines and stores.

The whole of the troops of my command acquitted themselves creditably, and bore the hardships of the severe norther of the 28th and 29th on short rations with a cheerfulness scarcely to be expected from troops most of whom had never experienced a field campaign.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. E. G. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

Major WILLIAM H. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Coast Expedition.

Numbers 8. Abstracts from "Record of Events" on the several returns of the Thirteenth Army Corps, for October, November, and December, 1863.

CORPS RETURNS.

November 15.-Part of the First Division, under command of General Washburn, embarked at Algiers, La., for Brazos Santiago, where it arrived on the 18th instant, but, in consequence of a strong wind, was unable to cross the bar.

November 20.-Orders were received from General Banks for the troops to be landed on Mustang and Saint Joseph's Islands, which was effected on the 21st and 22d.

November 23.-The troops, under command of General Washburn, moved against Fort Esperanza, at the head of Matagorda, and which the enemy evacuated on the 25th [29th] instant, after spiking their guns and blowing up all the magazines except one.

December 2.-The [Second] Division, excepting one regiment stationed at Aransas and a detachment under Brigadier-General Ransom, serving with First Division, continued to occupy Brownsville. During the month the remainder of the First Division, excepting four regiments at Plaquemine, La., and part of the Third and Fourth Divisions, were transported from Louisiana to Pass Cavallo, Texas.

RETURN OF FIRST DIVISION.

December 23.-The First Brigade left Saluria for Indianola, Tex., where they are now stationed. The Second and Third Brigades still remain at this (De Cros') Point.

