
RETURN OF SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION.

November 17.- Early in the morning, broke camp at Berwick, La.; crossed Berwick Bay to Brashear City, where we took the cars for New Orleans, at which point we arrived the same night.

November 20.-In the afternoon, we left New Orleans on the steamship Thomas A. Scott, and went to sea.

November 22.-We arrived off the Rio Grande. A storm coming up, we had to put to sea. While at sea, spoke another steamer, and she ordered us up to Aransas, at which point we arrived on the 25th, where we landed.

November 28.-In the morning, started up Saint Joseph's Island.

November 30.-Reached the head of the island.

December 1.-Left the foot of Matagorda Island, and marched to Fort Esperanza, at the head of the island, arriving there on the 3d.

December 6.-Crossed to De Cros' Point, Matagorda Peninsula, and went into camp, where we now are.

RETURN OF SECOND DIVISION.

October 1.-The division was stationed at Morganza, La., until the 11th instant, when it embarked on transports and sailed for Carrollton.

October 12.-Arrived at Carrollton about 10 a.m., and went into camp, where it remained until the 22nd instant, busily engaged in fitting out for a campaign in a new field.

October 21.-The Thirteenth and Fifteenth Maine Infantry were attached to the division by order of Major-General Banks, and the First Texas Cavalry, First Engineers, and Sixteenth Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, were ordered to report to Major-General Dana, commanding the corps and division, though not attached to the division.

October 23.-The division embarked on transports, and dropped down the river.

October 25.-Sailed for the mouth of the Rio Grande.

October 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, and 31 found them still in the Gulf, on board boats, en route to their destinations.

November 1.-This division, under the immediate command of Major-General Dana, was on transports, lying off the coast, awaiting an opportunity to land, a storm raging at the time.

November 3.-Commenced landing by lighters and small boats on Brazos Island, consuming several days, and losing two steamers and two schooners in so doing.

November 6.-The Second Brigade, excepting the Twentieth Iowa, marched on, and occupied Brownsville. On the same day, the Twentieth Iowa occupied Point Isabel. The First Brigade, excepting the Fifteenth Maine, which remained at Brazos, marched on same day toward Brownsville, encamped on the Rio Grande, and marched into Brownsville on the 8th. The First Texas Cavalry marched in detachments, as their horses were unloaded, for same point-a long and tedious process, consuming several days. The First Engineers and Sixteenth Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, left at Brazos.

November 13.-The Thirteenth Maine Infantry marched from Brownsville to Point Isabel.

November 14.-The Thirty-fourth Iowa and Battery F, First Missouri Light Artillery, marched from Brownsville to Point Isabel, and the Fifteenth Maine, having crossed to Point Isabel from Brazos, the Twentieth and Thirty-fourth Iowa, the Thirteenth and Fifteenth Maine, and

