
CHAP. XXXVIII.

Battery F were placed under command of Brigadier-General Ransom, and proceeded up the coast by vessel, and landed on Mustang Island.

November 16.-Marched up the island, captured a small fort, with heavy guns, prisoners, &amp;c., and proceeded to Saint Joseph's Island.

November 28.-Attacked a fort of the enemy, compelling them to abandon and destroy everything in it. This portion of the division is still absent, and no further reports have been heard from them.

November 20.-The First Texas Cavalry, the Thirty-seventh Illinois, and a section of Battery B marched on Ringgold Barracks, some 200 miles above the Rio Grande, where a force of rebels were said to be; and are at this date, November 30, still absent. The remainder of the troops are at Point Isabel and Brazos Island, engaged in fortifying and holding those posts. Health of the troops generally good. A large amount of cotton and valuable stores have been captured and turned over to the proper departments, for which the various staff reports will account.

RETURN OF SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION.

November 3.-The Nineteenth Iowa, Thirteenth Maine, and Battery B, First Missouri Light Artillery, landed on Brazos Island, and the two regiments proceeded to the Boca Chica, where the Nineteenth Iowa encamped. The Thirteenth Maine crossed and moved down the coast to the mouth of the Rio Grande, and encamped.

November 4.-Received orders to land the brigade, and move at once with four days' rations to Brownsville, and occupy the place. The brigade commander landed with the Ninety-fourth Illinois, leaving orders to have the rations loaded and sent after him. Moved on the road to Brownsville, by way of the Rio Grande, passing the Nineteenth Iowa at the Boca Chica, who were ordered to wait for the artillery and rations, and come on with them. Found the Thirteenth Maine at the month of the Rio Grande, without rations, and also that the Twentieth Iowa and Twentieth Wisconsin had failed in the attempt to land, having drowned 3 or 4 men in the breakers and lost a number of arms, accouterments, knapsacks, &c. Pushed on for Brownsville, leaving the Thirteenth Maine to come on as soon as rations could be procured, and arrived in front of Brownsville with the Ninety-fourth Illinois, about 125 men, on the evening of the 5th.

November 6.-Moved in at 10 a.m. and took possession. At 4 p.m. the Thirteenth Maine arrived, and two pieces of Battery B.

November 7.-The Nineteenth Iowa arrived, and the Twentieth Wisconsin on the 10th. The Twentieth Iowa has not been heard from officially since landing. The Thirteenth Maine left this place on the 13th instant for Point Isabel, and has not been heard from officially since.

November 21.-One section of Battery B accompanied a scout to Ringgold Barracks.

RETURN OF FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION.

December 19.-Left New Iberia, La., for Berwick Bay, La., arriving there on the evening of the 21st; distance marched, about 60 miles.

December 22, 23.-Crossed Berwick Bay, and took cars for Algiers, La., where we are still in camp, excepting the Thirty-fourth Indiana Infantry and four companies of the Forty-sixth Indiana Infantry, which have embarked for Texas.

