
CHAP. XXXVIII.

is highly probable, from the information received, that the enemy will attempt to take both of these places. I shall forward the information to Major-General Taylor, urging upon him the necessity of harassing the enemy in Lower Louisiana, as they may embark at any moment for the Texas coast, an event foreshadowed, I think, by their recent retreat toward Berwick Bay. I also forward for your information the organization of the Confederate troops under my command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Houston, November 21, 1863.

GENERAL: Since writing to you in regard to the capture of Corpus Christi and Aransas, I received a telegram from Colonel [A.] Buchel, which I herewith inclose, * clearly indicating, I think, the embarkation of the enemy for the coast of Texas. Unless re-enforcements are sent me with the utmost dispatch, positions of vital importance may be lost. Upon the issue of the impending attack depends the fate of the heart of Texas, and I beg leave to most earnestly request the lieutenant-general commanding to order General Taylor to sen to me, by rapid marches, such re-enforcements as he can spare from Louisiana. They can come most rapidly via Niblett's Bluff, and I shall have supplies of corn and hens they [will] come too late, but no time should be lost.

Very respectfully, &c.,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff Shreveport, La.

Numbers 10. Reports of Brigadier General Hamilton P. Bee, C. S. Army, commanding First Division, Army of Texas, of operations November 1-21.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, Tex., November 2, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to inform the major-general commanding that I was advised by express from the mouth of the river this morning, at 3.30 a.m., that the enemy had made their appearance in seven steamers off the mouth of the Rio Grande at 7 p.m. yesterday. As they arrived just at dark, it was impossible to ascertain whether there were more in the offing. An express is expected every moment with additional news, and if it be of sufficient importance, I will dispatch another express to headquarters.

In the meantime I am forwarding everything that can be of value to

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

