
CHAP. XXXVIII.

Mary's, Lamar, and Indianola, but about 50 miles from this place. I propose to establish a camp call the people to me.

4 P. M.

Couriers from below represent the Yankees as quiet. I cannot fathom their movements, and cannot act until I do. They may seek to land a force at Lamar, and pass through Victoria to Indianola, thus turning Fort Esperanza. I am powerless to prevent it, but believe they will not move for some time.

8 P. M.

Letters from the Rio Grande. The expedition at Aransas Pass left the Brazos on Sunday, the 15th, 3,000 strong. The number of vessels correspond with those now known to be at the Pass. All of Kennedy and King's steamboats are in the possession of the enemy, and the Matamoras is with this expedition; she draws 3 feet water; 1,500 troops were to march to Ringgold. All else was quiet on both sides of the river.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Corpus Christi, Tex., November 21, 1863.

SIR: The general commanding directs me to state, for your information, that the enemy, who landed in force on Mustang Island on the 16th, captured two companies of our troops on the north end of that island, after a severe fight, which lasted more than half an hour, with small-arms. The gunboats in the Gulf shelled our forces from their guns before these troops, landed on the lower end of the island, came up, which was about 8 a.m. on the 19th. Major [George O.] Dunaway, of the State troops, is among the prisoners.

These facts are all ascertained from persons who witnessed the fight from the dredge-boat, about 6 miles distant from the island. Nothing is known as to the killed and wounded. The steamer Cora passed through safe, and is at Saluria. There are now three large steamers inside of Aransas Bar and five outside.

Nothing further from Brownsville since my last.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

[E. R. TARVER,]

Aide-de-Camp, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Lieutenant Colonel A. G. DICKINSON,

Commanding Post at San Antonio.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Corpus Christi, Tex., November 22, 1863.

His Excellency General SANTIAGO VIDAURRI,

Governor of the States of Nuevo Leon and Cohahuila:

SIR: My attention has been called to an official dispatch from General Ruiz, Governor of the State of Tamaulipas, to the Supreme Government

