
proceeded to the light-house to further observe the movements of the enemy. I discovered that two more vessels had come in during the night, and had discharged quite a lot of troops and stores. There were also several small boats running in and out, besides some few alongside the landing of Brazos, inside; there were also quite a number of tents up, but, owing to it being very smoky and some small crafts that intercepted the views, I could not tell the number. During my stay at the Point, four vessels came in from the direction of Corpus Christi, two transports and two gunboats; I could see no troops on either of the vessels. There were, in all the troops I saw landed, five regiments, four on Brazos, which moved in the direction of Boca Chica, and one regiment on Padre Island; there were also landed on Brazos about 100 head of horses and two pieces of artillery. I saw no cavalry on parade. A few minutes before I retired, I perceived that they were very busy landing their launches, evidently intending to land troops at the Point. When I left, there were twenty-six vessels inside and outside the bar, including nine gunboats, to say nothing of quite a number of small vessels. A majority of them vessels. A majority of the vessels outside, except the gunboats, had troops on them.

Fearing that cavalry might be landed at Boca Chica to cut us off, and, having a very limited knowledge of the country surrounding the Point, I left, for Brownsville with my party; had proceeded about 5 miles when I met an express from Colonel Duff, ordering me to join the command, then en route for King's ranch, which I did forthwith.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY T. DAVIS,

Captain Company F, Thirty-third Texas Cavalry.

Lieutenant GEORGE W. CALDWELL,

Adjutant, Thirty-third Texas Cavalry.

Numbers 14. Reports of Colonel W. R. Bradfute, C. S. Army, commanding Coast, of operations November 23-29.

LAVACA, TEX.,

November 24, 1863.

SIR: Inclosed please find a communication from Major Ireland, which gives the latest news received from Fort Esperanza.*

It is supposed the enemy's force numbers some 10,000 or 12,000, and, if this be so, we will need heavy re-enforcements.

I will send the troops under Colonel S. H. Darden (three small companies) at once to Saluria, and shall call into service all the minutes in this vicinity, which will, perhaps, add to our strength some 75 or 100 men.

As I have not been informed that the major-general commanding intends to re-enforce the troops on this line, I am at a loss to know what to expect; but will avail myself of every means in my power, and make the best fight possible under the circumstances.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BRADFUTE,

Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding Coast.

Captain EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston.

---------------

*See Ireland's report, p. 447.

---------------

