HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, ARMY OF TEXAS,Fort Brown, Tex., October 30, 1863.

His Excellency Brigadier General MANUEL RUIZ,

Governor of the State of Tamaulipas, Matamoras, Mexico:

SIR: I am credibly informed that-thanks to the vigilance and activity of the troops under your command-a portion of the band of Vidal, which crossed into Mexico, have been captured.

I have the honor to inclose a summary of the investigations conducted before the mayor of the city,* and in the name of humanity, in the name of the desolate wives and orphan children that the desolating tracks of this vandal have caused, and especially in the name of the best interests of the people on both sides of the Rio Grande, do I ask that you will cause these murderers to be delivered up to me. The victims number at least 10, but so far there has been but time to examine into the causes of the deaths of King and Dashiell.

The list of names sent is necessarily imperfect, and should there be prisoners not on the list, I will furnish you the proofs of their complicity with Vidal, if you will send me their names. The papers herewith sent, being originals, I request will be returned after they have served their purpose.

It is reported that Vidal himself is in Matamoras. May I ask that you will cause him to be found, if there?

I beg leave to express the thanks of the people of this city and myself for the cordial support which has been extended to me by you in this unfortunate affair, and, while I rely with confidence on a continuance of these good officers, I assure you of my earnest intention to shield and protect the innocent while I will punish the guilty.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army Confederate States.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Brown, October 31, 1863.

SIR: The Vidalistas have dispersed; over 20 have been captured by Cortinas, under the orders of Governor Ruiz. Vidal himself is hiding in Matamoras. The danger of the effects of this outbreak has passed. I have offered a large reward for the capture of Vidal, which, I trust, the general will indorse, as the effect of his prompt punishment would be all important. This outbreak has been potent in its lessons to us. I offer the following suggestions: That an order issue prohibiting the crossing of cotton at any point on the Rio Grande below Laredo-make forwarded as rapidly as possible, and no more to be received there; make Eagle Pass the point of delivery; as soon as this can be done, withdraw the troops and guard the upper line. The road by King's ranch will be impracticable for ox-wagons after this month; it is even so now, as there is no grass. I shall act on these suggestions so far as the goods here are concerned, and hope in two weeks to be able to order the Thirty-third Regiment into the interior. This post can be defended against internal and external enemies, but, when the Yankees are added the force will be destroyed. They will find an enemy in every thicket, and, therefore, the sooner they get away the better, as it is not in the power of the general to defend all of the State.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

