
camp on Colton's plantation, 6 miles distant from the river), being only attainable by a perfect surprise at night, I was forced either to march immediately, in order to arrive there before daybreak, with only 75 men, or to wait until a fortunate opportunity was offered. To have pursued the first course would have been too hazardous, reliable report setting the number of rebels in the camp on Colton's plantation, at the least calculation, at 100 men. The last and most disagreeable alternative was unavoidable, under the circumstances.

In order to avoid having made an altogether fruitless expedition, it was determined upon to capture the picket station at Trinity, which was reported to be 1 captain and 17 men. I marched my command to within 500 yards of their barracks, and then went with a party of 20 men to capture them. Their 2 pickets were taken without firing a shot. Their barracks were then surrounded and 1 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 10 privates surrendered themselves prisoners of war. They belong to Major White's [?] First Louisiana Cavalry Battalion. In addition to the 14 prisoners and the arms that were thought fit to be brought along (7 muskets and 1 Colt's navy revolver), there were captured 10 horses and 6 bridles and saddles.

From the statement of the prisoners, it appears that the officer commanding the party had gone to headquarters in camp, Colton's plantation. After firing the barracks, I returned to our place of disembarkation and recrossed the river. After half an hour's rest, I ordered the line of march to be taken up, and arrived at Cross Bayou at noon.

While the main force had already recommended its march, and the last load of the rear guard had but just crossed the bayou, a party of rebels fired upon them from ambush. The horses of my command being pretty well ridden down, and those of the enemy's fresh, I deemed it useless to recross the bayou and attack or pursue them, and I therefore ordered the rear guard to follow the main force.

I arrived at Vidalia, La., at 3.30 o'clock on the 16th day of November, having traveled 70 miles in twenty-four hours, and had no casualties in my command. The bearing of the officers and men who crossed Black River with me deserves my sincere commendation and approbation. The pontoniers were efficient in their duty and truly commendable for their soldierly behavior.

I remain, captain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. CADLE, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Natchez, Miss.

NOVEMBER 18-21, 1863.-Operations against United States gunboats and transports near Hog Point, Mississippi River, La.

Reports of Captain T. A. Faries, Louisiana Battery.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR HOG POINT,

Point Coupee Parish, La., November 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the following pieces were placed in position at Battery No. 1, Hog Point, 1 mile below Red River Landing, on the night of the 17th instant: One 12-pounder bronze field gun of Cornay's (Louisiana) battery, under Lieutenant O. Berwick, in the upper

