
Most of the shell from the enemy's guns exploded in the immediate vicinity of the five pieces at the upper end of this battery.

I have no casualties to report.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. FARIES,

Captain, Commanding Battery, First Brigadier, Louisiana Inf., Second Div.

Major T. B. FRENCH,

Chief of Artillery, (Walker's) First Infantry Division.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR HOG POINT,

Pointe Coupee Parish, La., November 21, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following shots fired from three pieces of Battery No. 1, at 4.30 p.m. this day, directed at the new Federal transport Black Hawk, bound down. She appeared to be well loaded with stores and material.

Piece No. 1, a 3-inch Parrott rifle of Faries' battery, two solid shot, both hits, fired from the lower embrasure of the first or upper gun-pit in the batture. She was not well under way until she had come in range from the lower embrasure. Had she been fired upon from the upper embrasures, she could have returned to the cover of the iron-clads above, and waited until some time during the night, and made the passage of the batteries with less risk.

Piece No. 2, a 12-pounder bronze field gun, of Cornay's battery, under Lieutenant O. H. Jones, fired six solid shot, four of which took effect. Ammunition good.

Piece No. 3, a 3-inch Parrott rifle, of Faries' battery, under Lieutenant O. Berwick, of Cornay's battery, fired four shell (time-fuse), three of which took effect, one missing her. At least three more shots could have been fired from this piece, but for the failure of the friction primers, none of the same lot ever having failed before. With this exception, the ammunition of the 3-inch rifles is good.

The pieces under my command at Battery No. 1 were, in accordance with orders, withdrawn at sunset, and retired by the way of Red River Landing, under a very severe fire from all of the iron-clads and the heavy Parrott rifles on the barge anchored near the left bank of the river. I have learned since reaching camp that the steamer Black Hawk was discovered to be on fire as she passed Battery No. 3, and was run into the left bank below, where the most of her upper works were destroyed by the fire, her hull alone being visible.

I have no casualties to report.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. FARIES,

Captain, Commanding Battery, First Louisiana Brigade, Second Div.

Captain O. J. SEMMES,

Commanding Batteries, Mississippi River.

DECEMBER 3, 1863.-Affair at Saint Martinsville, La.

Abstract from "Record of Events" on return of Cavalry Division, Department of the Gulf, for December, 1863.

Lieutenant [James S.] McHenry, Second Illinois Cavalry, with 17 men, charged upon an officer and 17 men of the enemy, and captured the officer and 16 of his men, on Petite Anse Bayou.

