
Colonel CHARLES W. DREW, Fourth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, being duly sworn, testified as follows:

Question. Please state your name, rank, and the nature of your command.

Answer. My name is Charles W. Drew, colonel Fourth Regiment, Corps d'Afrique, and commanding the post which includes Fort Jackson and Fort Saint Philip.

Question. Were you in command on the 9th instant?

Answer. I wa.

Question. Please state in detail what unusual events, if any, occurred on that day.

Answer. The first unusual event that I noticed occurred about 5 p.m. I saw Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict, of the Fourth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, strike one of the drummers with a whip two or three times, at the same time reprimanding him. He made use of an expression like this: "I have had a great deal of trouble with you already, and I am going to stop it." He then walked off. I turned toward him when I saw him strike him, intending to reprimand him there, but he turned off, and I thought it best to delay it instead of reprimanding him in presence of the men. I went to my quarters, and was sitting at my desk, as nearly as I can judge, about 6.30, when the adjutant, who had come into my room, said: "There is a disturbance among the men. I think they are taking their arms." I replied, "No, I think not." He then went to the door, and, upon opening it, ascertained that they were. I immediately went out into the parade, when they commenced firing into the air and shouting. I soon discovering from their language that it was in consequence of Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict's action. I immediately turned, and ordered him to his quarters, and, with my officers, who were all present, endeavored to quell the disturbance. I soon got enough of them quieted so that I could talk to them, and told them to go to their quarters and put up their guns, as I wished to talk to them, but would not do it whilst they had them. At this time I should think about 30 had gone outside the fort toward the river, continuing the firing. Nearly all those inside went to their quarters, and put up their guns my assuring them what I would see that justice was done them.

The firing had been going on then about half an hour. I formed the men into a hollow square, and had commenced talking to them, when some of those from outside the fort came in, saying, "Don't give up your guns," and demanding Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict, making so much disturbance that I directed the officers to form their companies in the company streets, as it was impossible to talk to them there. Very soon everything inside became quiet again. I should think that nearly one-half the regiment was engaged in the disturbance, the other half trying to quiet them. I had tattoo beaten, I think about 8 o'clock that night, much earlier than usual, when everything was quiet, and nearly all the men answered to their names at roll-call. I afterward discovered that Major Nye was missing, and while searching for him at about 9.30, perhaps a little later, some 8 to 10 men who were still on the levee fired off their guns and came in. I heard no more firing that night, and do not think there was any until after reveille the next morning, when some of the men, by my direction, came down to the levee and fired off their guns. Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict had been stationed at Fort Saint Philip, but came to Fort Jackson the day before, and was placed in command of the regiment by me, which at this time was all at Fort Jackson, numbering 500 men.

Question. You say that when you went out on the parade, during the disturbance, you soon discovered, from the language used, that the disturbance was in consequence of Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict's action in whipping a music boy? Please state what that language was.

Answer. It was language something like this: "Give us Colonel Benedict; we did not come here to be whipped by him. Kill Colonel Benedict; shoot him," and other language to the same effect.

Question. Were the guns fired aimed at any person?

Answer. I do not know of a single gun aimed at any person. They were all apparently fired into the air. I heard one man, a soldier, cry out, "Kill all the darned Yankees."

Question. Were any of the guns-the artillery of the fort-fired off?

Answer. Not one.

