
Question. Were the muskets loaded when the men took them from their quarters, or did they load them afterward?

Answer. The men loaded them afterward. They were in the act of loading them when I arrived at the door of my quarters, coming out.

Question. How many shots do you judge were fired?

Answer. It is hard to judge. The firing continued indiscriminately for half an hours, some men discharging their guns three or four times; others only once.

Question. How many men do you suppose fired their guns?

Answer. About one-half of the regiment. About 250 men were under arms, but they did not all discharge their guns. About half of those who were under arms fired off their guns.

Question. Did you observe any men who took a prominent part in the disturbance and encouraged the others?

Answer. It being quite dark at the time, I could recognize but one. Company commanders inform me that they recognized the leaders. I have arrested one and ordered the arrest of another.

Question. Did you notice any men particularly prominent in the disturbance and leading the others?

Answer. I did; and I noticed the boy whom Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict whipped at the head of one squad.

Question. Did the disturbance seem to have any organization, or was it a mob raised without premeditation and plan?

Answer. So far as I know, it was raised on the spur of the moment. I have since understood that there was discontent with Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict by the men who were under him at Fort Saint Philip, part of whom had been transferred to Fort Jackson, and were in the disturbance.

Question. Was Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict's discipline at Fort Saint Philip severe? Did he employ the whip as a means of coercion? What was the state of his command there?

Answer. I never knew of Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict using the whip before. He was very strict, but I did not know of his being severe. His command was in good shape, and presented a fine appearance; so much so, that I remarked it when I visited Fort Saint Philip.

Question. Do you know of any other cause of discontent among the men at Fort Jackson or Fort Saint Philip?

Answer. None, other than their pay, which they spoke of on the evening of the disturbance.

Question. Had this anything to do with the disturbance on the 9th instant?

Answer. I think not, immediately, but I think it aggravated the matter.

Question. Please state more definitely the conduct of the men when your ordered them to their quarters, and whether they refused or neglected to obey your orders.

Answer. When I first came into the parade, I immediately ordered them to stop firing and go to their quarters. Some of them stopped firing, and gathered around me, saying, "We don't want to hurt you; it is Colonel Benedict we are after;" while others replied, "We will not stop firing until we have him," and continued the firing. I then told them that Colonel Benedict had done wrong, but that was no excuse for their conduct. They must go to their quarters and put up their arms, and I would talk to them, and see that justice was done them. One of the officers came to me, and said that they thought I wanted them to put their guns away and turn the guns of the fort upon them. I took advantage of this information to tell them that if they would go to their quarters, I would take no further steps at that time, and most of them went to their quarters and put up their guns. Those who went outside the fort, violated the rules in doing so, and forced the guard.

