
Question. What did the officers under you command do during the disturbance?

Answer. The officers all did what they could to quell the disturbance. They were all present, and took an active part by going to the men and telling them to go to their quarters. Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict, Major Nye, and all the company officer were present. Some of the officers had their swords, others not. I did not have mine, as I thought it injudicious. The efforts of the officers in quelling the disturbance had the appearance of advice.

Question. Why did your order Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict to his quarters? Do you believe the men would have inflicted any injury upon him he had remained upon the parade?

Answer. I thought his presence there did exasperate the men, and feared that they might injure him if he remained. I was satisfied that his presence would prolong the disturbance.

Question. You say half of your regiment were trying to appease the others. How and when did you know that half your command could be relied on to repress the mutiny?

Answer. I judged from appearances that about one-half could be relied upon. I judged so soon after I arrived upon the parade.

Question. You say that some men refused or neglected to obey your command. What motives restrained you from killing them or any violent ringleader on the spot? Were you armed?

Answer. I was not armed, and I think it would have been very injudicious to have fired a shot at that time.

Question. How strong was the guard on the day mentioned; what was their conduct and that of the officer of the day?

Answer. I think that the entire guard was 42 men. The sentinels all remained on post except where the tide in passing carried them away, but they returned again. The men who took part in the disturbance went to the guard-house and released some men confined there. The officer of the day did what the rest of the officers did I think he was with the crowd, trying to quell the disturbance. I went to the guardhouse once, thinking to blockade the entrance to the fort, the Sally port, with the guard, but concluded not to do so. The guard did not take any part in the riotous proceedings, but remained at their posts.

Question. Did you address the boy whom you say Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict, whipped when you saw him leading a squad of the rioters? And, if so, what did you say to him?

Answer. As soon as I discovered that he was at the head of a squad of men, I immediately called for him, and said to him that Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict had done very wrong in whipping him, but that the men had done greater wrong in the steps which they had taken; that I was the proper person to settle the difficulty. I then told him to have the men put up their guns and come out on the parade, as I wished to talk to them, assuring him that I would see him protected in his rights, when he replied that he would do so, and set to work trying to quiet the disturbance, and it was quieted soon after.

Question. Has Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict been on duty since the disturbance, and what has been the conduct of the men toward him?

Answer. He has not been on duty since. The next morning I ordered him to proceed to New Orleans, and report to Colonel [Edward G.] Beckwith, commanding Defenses of New Orleans, to whom I forwarded a written report. Nothing was said, and no demonstration was made when he walked down to the boat.

Question. What has been the conduct of the men since the 9th instant?

Answer. Their conduct has been unexceptionable.

Question. Has there been any change in the discipline, rules, and regulations of the post since then?

