
Question. Did any of the shots fired on the 9th instant strike the officers' quarters?

Answer. I think some three or four shots struck them, but I do not think that they were aimed at them. It was the result, I think, of indiscriminate firing. The men being on the parade, and the officers' quarters on the parapet, it was natural that a few shots should take effect.

Question. What troops composed the garrison at Fort Saint Philip and Fort Jackson on the 9th instant?

Answer. The garrison at Fort Jackson was composed of the Fourth Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, 500 men. The garrison at Fort Saint Philip was composed of that portion of the Fourth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, which had just been turned over to the Fifth Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, about 300 men, and Company A, First Regiment Artillery, Corp d'Afrique.

Question. If the men did not intend to fire at any officer, for what purpose, in your opinion, were they firing?

Answer. I judged that it was to make as much noise as possible, and to intimidate. I hardly think they had any definite object.

Question. Have you reason to suppose that any of the men were under the influence of liquor at the time of the disturbance?

Answer. It did not occur to me at that time, but I have since learned that some liquor was brought into the garrison on that day. The amount reported to me was eight bottles of whisky.

The examination of Colonel Charles W. Drew was then closed.

Major WILLIAM E. NYE, Fort Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, was then duly sworn by the judge-advocate.

Question. Please state your name, rank, and regiment.

Answer. William E. Nye, major Fourth Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrique.

Question. Where were you stationed on the 9th instant?

Answer. Fort Jackson.

Question. Please state in detail what unusual events, if any, occurred at Fort Jackson on the 9th instant.

Answer. About 6.30 p.m. on that day, whilst sitting in my quarters with Captain Merritt, I hear what sounded like blows and the cracking of a whip, and some one making a noise as if pleading. I stepped to my door, opened it, and discovered Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict in the act of whipping a man in front of the guard-house on the parade. I then closed the door, went back into my quarters, and sat down again. Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict them came in and sat down; he then went to the door, opened it, and stepped out in front of the quarters. After a moment, he stepped back, taking his revolver from where it hung, above his bed, and stepped out again. I stepped out myself a moment after that, and saw a crowd of men on the opposite side of the parade. A portion of them had arms, and they were manifesting a good deal of confusion and noise. I started for the guard-house, and, seeing 2 or 3 officers, asked where the officer of the day was. Receiving no answer, I went to the guard-house, and, while ordering the guard to fall in, I discovered a large portion of the two companies that are quartered outside the fort in the act of loading their pieces. I stepped up to them, and asked by whose order they were loading. Receipting no satisfactory answers, I ordered them to their quarters. The answers were, "I don't know; I don't know what the trouble is," or words to that effect. In the meantime firing had commenced on the inside. Firing had commenced when I was going down to the guard-house. I do not know whether they were rifle or pistol shots. The men on the outside made a rush for the bridge, shouting as they went, "Kill him, shoot him; kill the son of a bitch," and other words of like meaning. While attempting to prevent them going outside the outer moat, I was caught hold of by a man grasping me by the coat collar and vest and tearing it down, and I partially fell. He then released his hold and mingled with the crowd, which was then apparently rushing for the levee. Judging from their movement and their language, I judged they were in pursuit of some one on the Suffolk, then tied up at the levee. During this time there was a

