
Second Lieutenant EDWARD D. MOONEY, Fort Regimental Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, was then duly sworn by the judge-advocate.

Question. Please state your name and rank.

Answer. Edward D. Mooney, second lieutenant Company A, Fourth Infantry, Corps d'Afrique.

Question. Were you stationed at Fort Saint Philip; and, if so, during what time?

Answer. I was stationed there from the 23rd day of August until the 8th of December.

Question. Who was in command during the time?

Answer. Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict part of the time and Captain Knapp part of the time.

Question. How did Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict treat the men under his command?

Answer. He treated them tolerably well, as a general thing. He might have been a little hotly sometimes.

Question. Were you ever, as officer of the day or guard, required by Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict to inflict any unusual punishment?

Answer. I was officer of the day once, and officer of the guard once, when I had to inflict, by Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict's order, a punishment that was unusual to me.

Question. What were those punishments?

Answer. On the 7th of August, at Baton Rouge, when officer of the guard, I was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict to take 2 men, have their shoes and stockings taken off, and to lay them on the ground, straighten their legs and arms out, and stake them-tie them down. Then he told me to go to the commissary and get some molasses, and cover their faces, feet, and hands with molasses. He told me to keep them there during the day and night, and said he did not care if I kept them there until they died. They belonged to Company B, Fourth Infantry, Corps d'Afrique. I do not remember their names. Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict was commanding the regiment at that time. I understood him at the time that the men had been stealing some corn to roast, but I do not no certainly. They were kept tied down from 10 a.m. until 7 p.m. or 7.30 p.m. They were tied down again the next morning and I turned them over to the officer of the guard that relieved me.

On the 25th of August, I think, when at Fort Saint Philip, he had a man tied down in the same way. I saw him so tied down. He was tied down when I took charge of the guard, and remained so until between 2 and 3 that day. I do not know what his offense was. His face was not smeared with molasses.

Question. Did you know of any ill-feeling toward Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict existing among the men prior to the disturbance of the 9th instant?

Answer. Yes, sir, I do. When we came to divide the regiment, many asked to remain at Fort Saint Philip, so that they would not have to be under Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict.

Question. What was the cause of the ill-feeling?

Answer. His general ill-treatment of them-kicking and knocking them about.

Question. Where were you during the disturbance?

Answer. I was at my quarters at Fort Jackson. I was under arrest. I had been placed under arrest by Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict about two months previously.

Question. Have you ever heard any of the officers approve of the punishment referred to, spreading men out on the ground and smearing molasses on their faces?

Answer. I have not.

The examination of Second Lieutenant Edward D. Mooney was here closed.

The commission the adjourned to meet again at 2 p.m.

