
Captain WILLIAM H. KNAPP, Fourth Regiment, Corps d'Afrique, was then duly sworn by the judge-advocate.

Question. Please state your name and rank.

Answer. William Henry Knapp, captain Company A, Fourth Infantry, Corps d'Afrique. I am senior captain.

Question. Where were you on the 9th instant?

Answer. At Fort Jackson.

Question. How did the disturbance said to have occurred at Fort Jackson on that day begin?

Answer. They began by Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict whipping two of the men. I did not see him do it.

Question. How do you know that this was the beginning of the trouble?

Answer. I only judge from what I heard from the men at the time of the disturbance, and their conduct.

Question. What did you hear?

Answer. I heard a number say that he had been rawhiding two of the men, and they were bound to have revenge.

Question. Do you know that Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict ever inflicted any cruel and unusual punishment upon the men?

Answer. I do. I have seen him strike them in the face with his first, kick them, and, in one instance, strike a man with his sword in the face. On the 19th of October, I was officer of the day; the guard was turned out for Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict, and one man, Private Francis, of my company, did not dress properly, and Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict took the sergeant's sword and struck him in the face. I have frequently seen him at Fort Saint Philip, at guard-mounting, strike men in the face with his fist and kick them because their brasses were not bright or their boots not polished. Men of my company have come to me in two or three instances and complained.

Question. Have the Rules and Articles of War been read to the men?

Answer. I have read them to my company twice, and they were read to the regiment once. I believe they have been read to the other companies.

Question. Were the officers on the parade on the evening of the 9th armed?

Answer. I think most of them wore their side-arms.

Question. Do you know the two music boys said to have been whipped by Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict, and how old are they?

Answer. I know them. Williams I should judge to be from eighteen to twenty-one, and Miller twenty-five or twenty-seven.

Question. How have the men behaved since?

Answer. Very well. I think I have noticed one or two instances where they behaved a little more impudently, but, as a rule, I have not noticed any difference.

The examination of Captain William H. Knapp was here closed.

The commission then having been cleared, the judge-advocate submits the question, whether it is advisable and necessary to take the evidence of any of the enlisted men (colored) of the regiment; which was decided in the negative.

The commission was then opened, and Lieutenant Colonel AUGUSTUS W. BENEDICT, Fort Infantry, Corps d'Afrique, was introduced, and duly sworn by the judge-advocate.

The commission ws then cleared, and a member of the commission introduced the question whether Lieutenant-Colonel Benedict's evidence

