
started with the two regiments under my command for the works, on arriving at which I left the left wing of my regiment for its defense, and proceeded with the right wing and Brown's regiment down the peninsula, for the purpose of saving Captain Henderson's squad of exempts and my scouts, as I had no doubt that these men had been landed with a view to cut them off and capture them. I proceeded in a trot and gallop until I had overtaken the enemy, who were about 300 strong, and who had moved down the peninsula from the place of landing about 8 miles. The gunboat which accompanied them awaited our approach about 2 miles below where they had landed, and, when within shelling distance, she opened on us with shell, rifle shot, and spherical case shot, firing about 200 rounds at us during the afternoon, always is easy range. After overtaking the enemy, they took a position behind a marsh, and began to make breastworks of the logs, which were profusely strewed along the beach, and were soon re-enforced by the arrival of two other gunboats. I immediately sent a courier to Williams' place to notify Captain Henderson of my arrival, with orders for him to join me. During five hours I kept the enemy invested in their breastworks, until the return of my courier.

As the forces were about equal when we were dismounted, and the enemy were behind a marsh, and under the protection of three gunboats, I thought the risk too great and the enterprise too hazardous to attack them in their breastworks, as their capture would not compensate for the loss of life which we must necessarily have sustained.

The courier returned with the report that Captain Henderson and his squad had left in a boat for Matagorda. My scouts, who were also below, have arrived via the peninsula. Captain Henderson has since reported to me in person, and states that he escaped with all his men, but loss his horses.

I am happy to state that, notwithstanding the heavy firing to which the men were subjected, and the volleys of infantry fire at our scouts, only 2 men were wounded (slightly) and 2 horses disabled, and that both officers and men behaved with coolness and bravery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. BUCHEL,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain L. G. ALDRICH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Eastern Sub-District, Velasco, Tex.

CORRESPONDENCE, ORDERS, AND RETURNS RELATING TO OPERATIONS IN WEST FLORIDA, SOUTH ALABAMA, SOUTH MISSISSIPPI, LOUISIANA, TEXAS, AND NEW MEXICO, FROM MAY 14 TO DECEMBER 31, 1863.

UNION CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., No. 116. Alexandria, La., May 14, 1863.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

IV. Brigadier General Godfrey Weitzel is relieved from the operations of Paragraph III of yesterday's Special Orders, No. 115, assigning him to the temporary command of the Third Division, and will resume the command of his own brigade and Dwight's, together with the cavalry and artillery temporarily attached to the latter.

