
V. The Third Division will march at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning, and move by the Bayou Huffpower road to Simsport, where it will find these headquarters and receive further orders.

VI. Brigadier-General Weitzel, commanding his own and Dwight's brigade, will hold Alexandria until the 17th instant, when he will march to the intersection of the Bayou Huffpower road and the road to Opelousas, and there take post, and await further orders from these headquarters, which will be at Simsport. General Weitzel will draw his supplies from Simsport. He will to-day relieve the present provost-guard at Alexandria.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GEN'S OFFICE, No. 128. Washington, May 15, 1863.

I. Before a military commission, which convened at New Orleans, La., November 6, 1862, pursuant to Special Orders, No. 408, dated Headquarters Department of the Gulf, New Orleans La., September 25, 1862, and of which Colonel William K. Kimball, Twelfth Maine Volunteers, is president, was arraigned and tried Charles H. Harris, of New Orleans, La.

CHARGE.-Guilty of high crimes and misdemeanors.

Specification.-For that the said Charles H. Harris, late of said New Orleans, on the 1st day of November current, he being then and there a soldier belonging to and serving in the Crescent City Regiment, a regiment duly organized, enrolled, enlisted, and in the service of the Confederate States, and then and there willfully, secretly, traitorously, and as a spy, in the clothing and garb of a citizen and not of a soldier, come within and was then and there found inside the lines of said forces and army of the United States, lurking about, secretly bringing information, knowledge, and intelligence to the traitorous enemies of said United States at said New Orleans; and while within said lines did secretly, covertly, and of design gather together, collect, and husband information and knowledge of the army and authorities of said United States, and of all loyal citizens of New Orleans, for the purpose and with the intent of communicating, transmitting, and conveying the same to the enemies of the said United States traitorously, unlawfully, and without right, as a spy and an enemy in open rebellion against the said United States Government, its laws and authority, did come and abide, and between said 1st day of November, and for a year prior thereto, did at divers days and times come within and present himself to the enemies of said United States, and did to the extent of his ability aid and assist the enemies of said United States at said New Orleans, contrary to the law, peace, and dignity of said United States and the law martial.

To which charge and specification the accused, Charles H. Harris, late of New Orleans, La., pleaded "Not guilty."

FINDING.

The commission, having maturely considered the evidence adduced, finds the accused, Charles [H.] Harris, late of New Orleans, La., as follows:

Of the Specification.-"Guilty."

Of the CHARGE.-"Guilty of being a spy."

