
well understand that you have had great obstacles to overcome, with inadequate means; but you have had all the means we could possibly give you, and, if you succeed, the glory will be so much the greater.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Near Port Hudson, May 23, 1863.

Brigadier-General ANDREWS,

Chief of Staff, Nineteenth Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of to-day was received. Arriving with my command at General Augur's headquarters yesterday, I was directed to take position on the Bayou Sara road, just below his position, but to-day, by his orders, moved to a position on the Western Port Hudson road, in the vicinity of the school-house, about 4 miles from Port Hudson. I could not occupy a position farther in advance to-day without going too far. We occupy the road to-nigh by our pickets up to within sight of his rifle-pits, a line of works supposed to be about 2 1\2 miles from the town. Our cavalry picket has been exchanging shots with the enemy this afternoon, but they do not appear to be in much force behind their first line of works. I have been engaged to-day in repairing the bridges on this road, in order to make them practicable to the Springfield Landing, which are now reported practicable.

To close up on Port Hudson on this side, it is probable that we shall first have to carry the line of rifle-pits, and, unless I see some good reason hereafter to let alone until the decide movement is made in the other portions of the line, I will carry them to-morrow. This would give me sufficient room to act further, and ground to occupy.

I have had the country on my front and flanks reconnoitered as far as our small cavalry force (only about 20 men) and our time have permitted. There are no means of immediate connection with General Augur, in consequence of a dense wood between us, but I have found a blind road leading from just above my present position, and cutting his road about 2 miles from the town, which cannot be used as a communication yet, and probably not all for artillery.

Our means of transportation and prisoners's tools are very scant, but we are getting along as well as we can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Simsport, La., May 23, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf;

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived here this morning, and am now crossing the trains and spare horses which I intended to send to Bayou Sara by land, together with all the cavalry force as a guard.

Two of Lieutenant [F.] Perkins's men were killed by guerrillas yesterday while in search for horses. The enemy has not been seen in our march to-day.

In your dispatch of yesterday, it was stated that the One hundred and seventy-third New York was to be a guard on both sides of this bayou.

