
above the turn of the river at midnight precisely. If the enemy attempts an escape, it will be across Thompson's Creek, between the creek and Fancy Point. This will probably occur, if at all, to-night. Grierson's cavalry is over the crest of Thompson's Creek. You will take the range of Port Hudson, covering Fancy Point about on the line marked on the inclosed sketch,* from the position marked on the-river thus;

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,May 25, 1863- 1 p. m.

Brigadier-General ANDREWS,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Last night we failed to draw any artillery fire from the works in our immediate front. Nothing but picket firing ensued. I have reason to believe that there is no heavy artillery in our immediate front; but on a reconnaissance made by myself this morning on a road leading from our left to the left of the enemy's works, I drew the fire of three pieces of artillery, which exploded their shells with much accuracy immediately over our heads. I understand there are three more guns on the enemy's right of those, a portion of the parapet forming the extreme right of their line. I have ascertained to considerable certainly that the work now before us is the enemy's main line of defense; that is, that there is not other line behind it. This is confirmed by the citizens and by intelligent contrabands. This works is continuous from the bluffs on the river to the main road on which we were yesterday. It all seems to be occupied to a certain extent. The enemy are on the qui vive throughout the line, but do not venture out of it, excepting where there are thickets to offer them protection.

I am not entirely through with our reconnaissances on the extreme left. When they are completed, I can best see what should be done. The roads out there seem to be complicated. Our line is of great extent, and the general must not think we are dilatory. It is best to see exactly what is before us before we take decisive action. I hope to have many uncertainties removed this evening.

Can I obtain artillery ammunition, if I require it, from Springfield Landing?

We are now finely off for subsistence supplies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Rifle's, before Port Hudson, May 25, 1863-4.15 p. m.

Brigadier General G. WEITZELL,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you assume command of the right wing of the forces before Port Hudson, including the

---------------

* Sketch not found.

---------------

