HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., May 26, 1863.

Commanding Officer U. S. Forces, near Port Hudson, La.:

SIR: I have some United States prisoners of war within my line of fortifications that I am willing to release on parole if you will authorize them to give their parole and receive them. I will send them on the road leading to the Plains Store to-night, at 10 o'clock, if it meets with your approval.

I find myself constrained to mention that some of your troops have violated the rights of the flag of truce in making use of it to pick up killed and wounded in front of the breastworks. I request that orders be given to prevent the like occurring again, or otherwise I will be compelled to fire upon the flag used for such purposes.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General, Commanding C. S. Forces.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C.

Rifley's, before Port Hudson, May 26, 1863.

Brigadier-General SHERMAN:

SIR: The commanding general directs that no flags of truce be sent to the enemy without orders from these headquarters, and that in all cases flag shall not be used to cover anything except the special object for which it is sent.

General Gardner complains that some of our men have used a flag sent for a different purpose, to cover the burial of the dead in front of the enemy's breastworks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies sent to Major-General Augur and Brigadier-Generals Weitzel and Grover.)

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 123. Riley's, before Ford Hudson, May 26, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Arrangements for to-morrow, May 27, 1863:

1. General Grover will order a battery, preferably of Napoleon guns, to report to General Sherman to-night.

2. Brigadier-General Arnold, chief of artillery, will take charge of all heavy artillery not now assigned to divisions or brigades. The light artillery as assigned to divisions by existing orders (including this order) will be under the direction of the respective division commanders, to be used according to circumstances.

III. Generals Augur and Shermans will open fire with their artillery upon the enemy's works at daybreak. They will dispose their troops so as to annoy the enemy as much as possible during the cannonade, by advancing skirmishers to kill the enemy's cannoneers and to cover the advance of the assaulting column. They will place their troops in

