
position to take instant advantage of any favorable opportunity, and will, if possible, force the enemy's works at the earliest moment.

IV. General Augur will cause the heavy artillery under will to be supported by one regiment of infantry. General Sherman will see that all the artillery in his front is properly supported.

V. General Weitzel will, according to verbal directions already given him, take advantage of the attacks on other parts of the line to endeavor to force his way into the enemy's works on our right.

VI. General Grover will hold himself in readiness to re-enforce within the right or left, if necessary, or to force his own way into the enemy's works. He will also protect the right flank of the heavy artillery, should it become necessary.

VII. Generals Augur, Sherman, Grover, and Weitzel will constantly keep up their connection with the commands next them, so as to afford mutual aid and avoid mistakes.

VIII. The fire of the heavy artillery will be opened by General Arnold at as early an hour as practicable, say at 6 a. m.

IX. Commanders of divisions will provide the necessary means for passing the ditch on their respective points of attack.

X. All the operations herein directed must commence at the earliest hour practicable.

XI. Port Hudson must be taken to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Banks:

[RICH'D B. IRWIN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FLAG-SHIP MONONGAHELA.

Below Ford Hudson, May 27, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, before Port Hudson:

DEAR GENERAL: I heard your firing last evening, and fear you have sustained some losses, but feel assured that the enemy must have suffered much more. Trust that you will be able to carry out your designs of to-day with ease. I wish it was in my power to aid you more, but I kept ut a heavy fire on them night, and will open upon them again with you and cease with your artillery. Such have been my orders heretofore.

Wishing you all success, I remain, truly yours,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

May 27, [1863]-10.40 a. m.

General WEITZEL;

Grover will re-enforce you with his whole force, excepting one regiment (1,300 men). Augur and Sherman will attack at once.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 27, [1863]- 1.45 p. m.

General WEITZEL;

General Sherman has failed utterly and criminally to bring his men into the field. At 12 m. I found him at dinner, his staff officers all

