
with their horses unsaddled, and none knowing where to find their command. I have placed General Andrews in command, and hope every moment to learn that he is ready to advance with Augur, who waits for him. Together they have 5,000 men. I should have sent Augur to you, but thought that Andrews could join sooner than have he could reach you. We hear you are supporting your position successfully, and hope it is so. I shall forward another messenger the moment I hear from Andrews.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 27 [1863] 2.15 p. m.

General WEITZEL:

Augur's and Sherman's columns are now (2.15 p. m.) moving on the enemy's works, prepared to make the assault, and say they will cut their way through.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

MAY 27, [1863] -4.30 [p. m.].

General WEITZEL;

Augur's troops are all close up to the enemy's works, but cannot go in because the force behind is too heavy. General Andrews sends word this moment from Sherman's division that General Sherman and General Dow were wounded and carried off the field; that Dow's brigade was repulsed and had fallen back to his morning's position; that General Nickerson, it was said, had got one of his regiments in, and that he (General Andrews) would reform Dow's brigade and renew the attack.

Just before this (4 p. m.) General Banks ordered General Sherman to carry the works at all hazards. Loss very heavy.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BEFORE PORT HUDSON,

May 27, 1863- 7 p. m.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD,

Chief Quartermaster;

We attacked the enemy to-day, and, having kept up a heavy artillery fire upon him all day, assaulted the works early in the afternoon. Sherman's division, on the left, was repulsed; Down's brigade in some disorder, but holds, in tolerable strength, a position close to the works.

General Augur's men reached the ditch, but the fire of grape and musketry was too strong for them, and they did not get in. They are now close up to the works, and keep down the fire of the enemy's artillery by skirmishers.

A storming party from General Grover reached and retain a position against the parapet.

General Weitzel, commanding the right wing, including your division, and his own and Dwight's brigades, carried the heights before him; holds a position close to the works, and thinks he can go in to-night or in the morning.

