
The loss is very heavy. Generals Sherman and Dow are wounded.

Colonels Chapin, Rodman, and Cowles killed; Colonels Holcomb, Bartlett, and Abel Smith wounded. It is thought that General Sherman's wound will prove mortal.

Send transportation to the point for Benedict's command, and communicate to Colonel Benedict the commanding general's order that he report to General Weitzel on the right at the earliest possible moment. Clear our from Bayou Sara everything that we do not absolutely need there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[RICH'D B. IRWIN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Before Port Hudson, May 28, 1863.

Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT;

DEAR SIR: I have received your several letters. We made a general attack upon the works yesterday, at 2.15 o'clock, advancing up to the breastworks on all sides, and many of our men were upon the parapets; but the enemy was too strong in numbers and the works too formidable to admit our full success, and we hold this position at this time: On the right, the opposing forces are separated only by a few feet, and no man on either side can show himself without being shot. On the left, the main force has fallen back, but the position is held by skirmishers as yesterday. We shall hold on to-day, and make careful examinations with reference to future operations. It is the strongest position there is in the United States, and the enemy is in stronger force than we have supposed. I can increase my force some 5,000 in three days, and it is not impossible that Grant may send us assistance. We may reasonably expect it, if he is fortunate. Our men fought with the utmost possible bravery, but I regret to say our losses have been very severe, indeed. A large number of officers have been killed and wounded. I have asked for a suspension of hostilities until 2 o'clock, that the dead and removed without being fired upon, as they are mainly in the immediate vicinity of the fortifications.

I have the honor to be, admiral, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, May 28, 1863.

Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT;

DEAR SIR: We mean to harass the enemy night and day, and to give him no rest. I desire to establish a system of signals with you night and day, by which we can make instant communication. This can be done by means of rockets at night and with a signal flag, which, I think, we can accomplish in the day. I shall want you to shell the town at night unceasingly. I think if you can the range of the center of the town, and then drop the shells on the right and left, front and rear, for the space of half a mile from the town, that it will harass the enemy without injury to us. A trial of the experiment can be made, so that

