
your suggestion as to the parties who will be charged with the execution of this duty.

I am, general, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., May 28, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding U. S. Forces near Port Hudson:

Your note, dated at 8.30, has just been received. As a matter of humanity, I will comply with your request to permit unarmed parties to pick up the killed and wounded, if you will give orders that your skirmishers shall not make any advance toward my breastworks. I am compelled to make this request or condition, because your entire line moved somewhat forward yesterday afternoon under white flags displayed, and it is also reported to me that a column of infantry was seen moving forward at the same time.

The fleet is still firing, and your skirmishers on my left also. I must request that hostilities shall entirely cease to carry out the object you desire.

I will fix the time until 2 o'clock this afternoon, which can be further extended at that time, if desired. I also have to request that I may be permitted to send unarmed into the woods on my left, to pick up such of the killed as may not have been buried, and such wounded as may not have been previously picked up.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General, Commanding C. S. Forces.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, May 28, 1863.-10 a. m.

Major General FRANK GARDNER,

Commanding C. S. Forces at Port Hudson, La.:

GENERAL: I have received your note in reply to my communication of 8.30 this morning. I inadvertently stated in my note that the dead and wounded referred to were only on the left. I have been informed that there are also some dead and wounded on my right. I accept the conditions you propose, which is that unarmed parties will be permitted to pick up the killed and wounded, and that my skirmishers shall not make any advance toward your breastworks, and that the firing shall cease.

I transmit to you a note to Admiral Farragut, with the request that it may be forwarded to him from your position, notifying him of the fact that I have consented to a suspension of hostilities, and requesting him to suspend firing until the time appointed.

I have given orders to suspend firing from this moment, and I am confident the men of my command will not continue it. If fired upon, they are instructed to report the fact to these headquarters. I have also given orders that no flag of truce shall be used without authority from these headquarters. If any incident like that which you refer to

