
has occurred, it is through misunderstanding on the part of those who have used the flag, and will not be permitted.

You will be allowed, in accordance with your request, "to send unarmed parties into the woods on your left, to pick up such of the killed as may not have been buried, and such of the wounded as may not have been previously picked up." Notice of this has been sent to the commander of the troops on my right. It is my desire to take no advantage of any arrangements which may be consented to on your part tending to mitigate the horrors of war.

I am, general, with much respect, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.- I have ascertained that a white flag was in fact improperly used on my right yesterday. It was displayed by an inexperienced officer, without the knowledge of his commanders, and the flag which you displayed in acknowledgment gave them the first information of its existence. I need hardly say that I regret the circumstances exceedingly, as I have taken great to enforce the observance of the usages of war in regard to such flags within my command.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH ARMY CORPS,

Before Port Hudson, May 28, 1863.

There will be a suspension of hostilities until 2 o'clock, and the time may be further extended by agreement, for the purpose of collecting the killed and wounded. This is to be done by unarmed parties, and no advance toward the breastworks is to be made by our skirmishers.

General Gardner has permission to send unarmed parties to our exterior lines, to receive his killed and wounded on our right, in the woods.

General Grover will give orders to have a thorough search made of the woods on the right, and all the enemy's dead yet unburied, and all his wounded who have not been sent to the rear, to be delivered to these parties at our exterior lines.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWNIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., May 28, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding U. S. Forces near Port Hudson:

GENERAL: I am informed that your troops are erecting a battery within easy range on my left. As this work could be materially interfered with if I should open on them, I consider it a violation of the truce.

I respectfully return your communication to Admiral Farragut, which the short time before 2 o'clock will not allow sufficient time for my boat to return.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General, Commanding C. S. Forces.

