HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, maya 28, 1863-1. 10 p. m.

Major General FRANK. GARDNER,

Commanding C. S. Forces at Port Hudson:

GENERAL: It was my intention, in proposing a suspension of hostilities for the purpose of relieving the wounded, to cease all offensive operations, and I have given orders to this effect, wherever and whenever any violations of this duty been made known to me. I shall still do so until your answer to my last communication is received.

I have sent a staff officer to my left to ascertain if work is being done of the character you describe; and, if so, to suspend it.

Several complaints of infringements of the well-understood rights of the parties during a negotiation of this character, by your command, have been made be me, but I have considered them, if correctly stated, to have been unauthorized, and have forbidden my men to return them in kind. The duty of relieving wounded me from unnecessary suffering is a mutual one, all the obligations of which I shall fulfil with pleasure, and I think a common humanity requires that all incidental considerations should be held subordinate to this. To transfer wounded or dead men to the party to which to which they may belong, seems to me the best and least objectionable course than can be adopted. I will respectfully request an answer to this proposition.

I am, general, respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Port Hudson, May 28, 1863-3 p. m.

Major-General BANKS,Commanding U. S. Forces near Port Hudson:

GENERAL: Your communication of 1 o'clock has just been handed me. I fully appreciate your motives in the care of the wounded, and I am willing to extend every proper facility for that purpose.

You apparently had not received my reply concerning sending your wounded within your lines. I have not ambulances sufficient for that purpose, and therefore wrote to you that I would willingly consent to extend the truce to allow you the opportunity to send for your wounded, and I now consider the truce as existing for the four additional hours you proposed, which will extend it to 6 p. m. If that is not sufficient, I request you to name a particular hour at which you wish to discontinue it.

I have also ordered that nothing shall be done that could be considered a violation of the truce, and I hope to be able to prevent any occurrence that could be so constructed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Major-General, Commanding C. S. Forces.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, May 28, 1863-3 p. m.

Major General FRANK. GARDNER,

Commanding C. S. Forces at Port Hudson:

GENERAL: Your communication of 1 o'clock is received. I regret that I misunderstood its purport. I will give directions immediately to

