
forward all the dead and wounded of your command that are within my lines or in my front to your lines, and I will avail myself of your permission to send out unarmed men to pick up the killed and wounded of my command that are in the front of your lines. I will use every endeavor to restrain all persons from any improper advantage given by this arrangement.

If you please, I will ask that the time may run four hours from 3 o'clock, and issue my orders accordingly.

Accept my thanks for your courtesy.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., May 28, 1863-3.50 p. m.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding U. S. Forces near Port Hudson:

GENERAL: I am just in receipt of your communication of 3 o'clock and in reply I have to state that I will cheerfully extend the time of the truce, "that the time may run four hours from 3 o'clock," as you propose, and your litter and ambulance parties, unarmed, will be permitted to approach to pick up your killed and wounded. This fixes the time at 7 p. m.

My own killed and wounded outside of my lines were mostly on my left, to the distance of about three-quarters of a mile. If you can conveniently send them in, I will feel under obligations. I will send a party, to meet them, to your lines in that direction.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General, Commanding C. S. Forces.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, May 28, 1863.

Major General FRANK GARDNER,

Commanding C. S. Forces at Port Hudson:

GENERAL: Having received your communication withdrawing your consent to the suspension of hostilities, I respectfully, withdraw my request.

In order to avoid all difficulties presented on this subject, I will agree to send all the killed and wounded of your command that are within my lines or on my front to your killed, by unarmed parties, if you will consent to send the killed and wounded of my command within your lines or on your front to my exterior lines, by unarmed parties.

And for this purpose I will agree that hostilities be suspended for four hours.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

