
Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I beg to invite the special attention of the General-in-Chief and the War Department to the valuable services rendered to me by that excellent officer, Colonel B. H. Grieson, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, and the Sixth and Seventh Regiments of Illinois Cavalry under his command, since, by the most brilliant expedition of the war, the joined the forces under my command.

The mortal effect of that remarkable expedition upon a wavering and astonished enemy, and the assistance rendered us in breaking up the enemy's communications, in establishing our own, and in covering the concentration of our forces against this place, can hardly be overestimated.

Their timely presence has supplied a want which you will remember I have frequently represented was crippling all our operations. I trust the service of Colonel Grierson and his command will receive at the hands of the Government that acknowledgment which they so eminently deserve.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, May 31, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,

New Orleans:

The commanding general desires that General Ullman will send forward to Port Hudson immediately all the colored troops which he has raise, whether armed or unarmed, and that he will report the number of each class and the regiments to which they belong. Request General Ullman to press forward the organization of his troops, as they are much needed here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[RICH'D B. IRWIN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FLAG-SHIP MONONGAHELA,

Port Hudson, May 31, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, in front of Port Hudson:

DEAR GENERAL: We had 2 prisoners sent aboard to us, to be sent to headquarters for your examination, yesterday evening. The doctor appears to me to by a very suspicious character. I take him to be both a spy and an incendiary, torpedo-maker, or something of the kind. The soldier (officer) was no doubt on his way for re-enforcements, although it is strange that he should have crossed the river under the belief that we had no one on that side, when they have fired at our people there so frequently; but you will dispose of them according to your own judgment. I send the papers found on the doctor.

