
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, La., July 8, 1863--1.15 a. m.

Major General FRANK. GARDNER,

Commanding C. S. Forces, Port Hudson, La.:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication, dated the 7th instant, by flag of truce, received a few moments since, I have the honor to inform you that I received yesterday morning, July 7, at 10.45 o'clock, by the gunboat General Price, an official dispatch from Major General Ulysses S. Grant, U. S. Army, whereof the following is a true extract:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Near Vicksburg, Miss., July 4, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: The garrison of Vicksburg surrendered this morning. Number of prisoners, as given by the officers, is 27,000; field artillery, one hundred and twenty-eight pieces, and a large number of siege guns--probably not less than eighty.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

I regret to say that, under present circumstances, I cannot consistently with my duty consent to a cessation of hostilities for the purpose you indicate.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS, Port Hudson, La., July 8, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS, Commanding U. S. Forces, near Port Hudson, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, giving a copy of an official communication from Major General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army, announcing the surrender of the garrison of Vicksburg.

Having defended this position as long as I deem my duty requires, I am willing to surrender to you, and will appoint a commission of three officers to meet a similar commission appointed by yourself at 9 o'clock this morning, for the purpose of agreeing upon and drawing up the terms of surrender; and for that purpose I ask for a cessation of hostilities. Will you please designate a point outside of my breastworks where the meeting shall be held for this purpose

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General, Commanding C. S. Forces.

[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Before Port Hudson, La., July 8, 1863-4.30 a. m.

Major General FRANK. GARNER, Commanding C. S. Forces, Port Hudson, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, stating that you are willing to surrender the garrison under your command to the forces under my command, and that you will appoint a commission of three officers to meet a similar commission appointed by me at 9 o'clock this morning, for the purpose of agreeing upon and drawing up the terms of the surrender.

