
DISTRICT OF KEY WEST AND TORTUGAS.

Brigadier General DANIEL P. WOODBURY.

47th Pennsylvania (five companies), Colonel Tilghman H. Good, Key West.

47th Pennsylvania (five companies), Lieutenant Colonel George W. Alexander, Tortugas.

DISTRICT OF PENSACOLA.*

Colonel ISAAC DYER.

15th Maine, Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin B. Murray, jr.

7th Vermont, Lieutenant Colonel David B. Peck.

2nd U. S. Artillery, Battery H, Captain Frank H. Larned.

2nd U. S. Artillery, Battery K, Captain Harvey A. Alen.

SHIP ISLAND.

2nd Louisiana Native Guards (seven companies), Colonel Nathan W. Daniels.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Trudeau's Landing, June 1, 1863.

Brigadier-General ANDREWS,

Chief of Staff, Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Since my last dispatch we have had many rumors of advancing forces and gathering guerrillas bands, but my cavalry scouts have been unable to verify any such intelligence, although the country has been scoured as far as the Grossetete on the one side and Morganza on the other. Occasionally we hear of small parties of our stragglers and guerrillas levying contributions on quiet people. These I have used every endeavor to arrest, and have doubtless secured some of them, although unable to fix their crimes on them. In such cases, if enemies, I have paroled them, and expressed my determination to punish them, if from home at night, or being confederated with others.

This parish is full of loyal creoles and French. Large numbers have taken the oath. Daily I am in receipt of intelligence from them, not of much intrinsic value, but good evidence of honest intention.

This point was the cattle depot for the supply of Port Hudson. Large supplies were collected here and carried over as they were wanted. Many of them have been reclaimed (upon your advance) and driven into the interior some 10 or 12 miles.

I have taken and paroled many prisoners. They, with scarcely an exception, seem glad to get out of the army, both volunteer and conscript.

Dr. Charles Smith was sent to the lower fleet yesterday with the implicating papers found on him. To-day I have sent the Confederate money ($700) taken from him, and a copy of the order to send him to General Bowen, New Orleans, to the admiral.

Very respectfully,

LEW. BENEDICT,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

* The Twenty-eight Connecticut, Colonel Ferris, embarked May 10 for Barre's Landing, La. Colonel Dyer in command, according to district return. The department return reports Colonel William C. Holbrook as commanding at this date.

---------------

