HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 2, 1863.

General ULLMANN:

The general commanding desires me to say he has received the following telegram from Lieutenant R. B. Irwin.

CAMP HEADQUARTERS,

- -, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY:

The general commanding directs that General Ullmann forward to this point immediately all the troops which he has raised, whether armed or unarmed, and that the regiments be recruited to the standard fixed by General Orders, Numbers 4, viz, 500 men each.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

To which I have replied as follows:

All Ullmann's troops are en route for Port Hudson, armed and unarmed. Fourteen hundred will be in Algiers to-day, and leave in the Fulton about 4 o'clock.

The order in cipher will be immediately communicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FLAG-SHIP MONONGAHELA,

Port Hudson, June 2, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have received your telegram, but cannot think it advisable to put guns in front. Their shell would reach our forces. I am now afraid to fire except on the flank.

I was afraid my shell reached your forces yesterday, but it annoyed the enemy so as to stop his firing, and I now give orders to open on him the moment he opens on your forces; that is, on the 10-inch columbiad in their middle battery, which generally annoys Weitzel. I am glad to hear that you are preparing for a final assault; all I think you need is concert of action and you must succeed. Let me know in time to give you my assistance.

Very truly and respectfully,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 45. Before Port Hudson, June 2, 1863.

A military court, to be known as the provost court of the Department of the Gulf, is hereby constituted, for the purpose of hearing, deciding, and passing judgment upon-*

I. All cases of violations of general or special orders, violations of the Rules and Articles of War, violations of the recognized laws of war, or other offenses arising under the military jurisdiction, where the offender is not in the military service of the United States, and where the penalty does not extended to loss of life.

II. All civil crimes against the persons or property of the inhabit-

---------------

* See General Orders, Numbers 52, of July 20, p. 649.

---------------

