
ants, committed by any person in the military service of the United States, where the penalty does not extend to loss of life or the dismissal of a commissioned officer.

III. All other cases arising under the military jurisdiction which may be specially referred to the court by the commanding general or the provost-marshal-general of the department.

This court will exercises original and exclusive jurisdiction in all the above cases, and will hold its sessions at the city of New Orleans, or such other point as may from time to time be designated in orders. Colonel Charles C. Dwight, One hundred and sixtieth New York, is appointed judge of the court hereby authorized and established, and will enter upon his duties immediately.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 3, 1863-10 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Futton left at 9 o'clock last evening with 1,200 of Ullmann's troops. Baggage, which was left against orders, will follow in the Sallie Robinson. Iberville left here at 10 for Springfield [Landing] with orders. A tug, with the prison-ship in tow, left at 5 a. m.; prison-ship to be used as a wharf at Springfield Landing. The Catawba left for Fort Monroe at 9 p. m. yesterday, with Sixth New York and captured officers.

All quiet here.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

June 3, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: I have just received your letters of May 5, 13, and 19.*

In your dispatch of the 13th you speak of one of the 12th, which has not been received.+ I cannot ascertain from your letters whether you propose to re-enforce General Grant at Vicksburg or not. The newspapers state that your forces are moving on Port Hudson, instead of co-operating with General Grant, leaving the latter to fight both Johnston and Pemberton. As this is so contrary to all your instructions, and so opposed to military principles, I can hardly believe it true.

I have so often pointed out what I though ought to be done, and the peril of separate and isolated operations, that it would be useless to repeat them here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

---------------

* For letters of May 5 and 13, see Series I, Vol. XV, pp. 311, 318.

+ See Series I, Vol. XV, p. 317.

---------------

