
men wounded, and a regimental camp rendered untenable. The bulk of the early fire passed a little to the left of and beyond the main magazine. The sleep of half the garrison was prevented.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 47. Before Port Hudson, June 6, 1863.

I. The regiments of infantry of the Corps d'Afrique, authorized by General Orders, Numbers 44 [Numbers 40.], current series, will consist of ten companies, each having the following minimum organization: 1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 4 sergeants, 4 corporals, 2 buglers, 40 privates. To the above may be added hereafter, at the discretion of the commanding general, 4 corporals and 42 privates, thus increasing the strength to the maximum fixed by law for a company of infantry. The regimental organization will be that fixed by law for a regiment of infantry.

II. The commissary and assistant commissaries of musters will muster the second lieutenant into service as soon as he is commissioned; the first lieutenant when 30 men are enlisted, and the captain when the minimum organization is completed.

III. The First, Second, Third, and Fourth Regiments of Louisiana Native Guards will of Infantry of the Corps d' Afrique.

IV. The regiment of colored troops in process of organization in the District of Pensacola will be known as the Fifth Regiment of Infantry of the Corps d'Afrique .

V. The regiments now being raised under the direction of Brigadier General Daniel Ullmann, and at present known, as the First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Regiments of Ullmann's brigade, will be respectively designated as the Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth Regiments of Infantry of the Corps d' Afrique.

VI. The First Regiment of Louisiana Engineers, Colonel Justin Hodge, will hereafter be known as the First Regiment of Engineers of the Corps d' Afrique.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 133. Before Port Hudson, June 6, 1863.

I. Major General C. C. Augur is assigned to the command of the left wing of the forces before Port Hudson, including his own and the Second Division.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

