HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 7, 1863.

General THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army;

GENERAL: I am directed to send you the following. The George Washington having sailed, I send it by telegraph to the Southwest Pass, in hopes it will intercept.

The enemy in some force are now threatening Brashear City, and I am doing all I can to re-enforce it.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

General W. H. EMORY,

Commanding:

Please inform the General-in-Chief by the George Washington as follows:

The heavy guns and mortars will be all ready to open on Tuesday morning.

The enemy has withdrawn his guns from the front of our right wing, apparently to an interior line of defenses. Many deserters report the enemy much shaken by the constant bombardment, but holding out firmly in the hope of re-enforcements. Brigadier-General Paine was sent out on the 5th to Clinton, to disperse the gathering force of the enemy in that quarter. We should hear from him this morning.

RICH'D B. IRWIN.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 7, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Persons having reached this city, who pretend to be well informed, represent that Taylor's and Mouton's forces near Pattersonville amount to about 1,800; that are mostly cavalry, without artillery. At last accounts we had 1,500 convalescents at Brasher City. I have directed these to be armed and prepared to defend the place. If Lieutenant-Colonel Stickney turns out to be a proper commander, as I have no doubt he will, he ought to be able to hold the place. I do not, however, feel quite so sure that some damage may not be done to the railroads by raids through the La Fourche district. I propose to hold four or five companies, which is all I can spare, in reserve at Algiers, with a special train to send to any point of the road threatened.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 7, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN:

Upon the authority of the medical director, Dr. [George M.] Sternberg, I telegraphed to you this a. m. that there were 1,500 convalescents at Breasher City whom I should arm for the defense of the place. The commanding officer there has this moment telegraphed me that he has sent

