
first battery of the enemy. From Colonel Sage, at Fausse Point, there is a report that his men have observed persons during the moonlight bringing large logs or pieces of timber down to the water. The admiral's impression is that the enemy is building either a bridge or a raft to enable him to escape. The commanding general desires that you will immediately ascertain and report whether this hammering has been heard upon your lines, and whether it was not possibly the noise made in constructing our own batteries upon the extreme right of our line. The commanding general it important that you should ascertain the truth, the exact truth, as to the matter, with the least possible delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[RICH'D B. IRWIN.]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 8, 1863-10 p. m.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT, U. S. Navy,

Commanding West Gulf Squadron, Flag-ship Monongahela:

ADMIRAL: Matters are now approaching a crisis. All the guns will be ready to open to-morrow. The mortars on the right opened fire this afternoon for a short time to get the ranges, and succeeded in doing so very satisfactorily. To-morrow we shall open from all the batteries, and fire slowly, to get good rangers and to induce the enemy to develop his fire in response. I am well satisfied with the condition of affairs, and feel confident that the enemy cannot hold out beyond Thursday. It will be necessary for you now to keep a bright lookout to prevent any attempt at escape by crossing the river. Our rear is now clear of the enemy, so that we do not apprehend his presence in any force within two days' march. Nor do we hear anything definite of the arrival of re-enforcements, concerning which the enemy keeps up so many reports.

I am disposed to think that the hammering heard on the Hartford was either the sound of our own work in constructing batteries on the right, or the noise of the enemy doing the same thing opposite. I have, however, sent a party to make a thorough examination of the approaches near the mouth of Thompson's Creek. Two weeks ago they were impassable.

I inclose a copy of telegram sent to you last night.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[JUNE 8, 1863.-For Schofield to Carleton, in relation to re-enforcements for Department of New Mexico, see Series I, Vol. XXII, Part II, p. 313.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 9, 1863-5.30 p. m.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT, Monongahela:

SIR: Opened fire at 11 a. m. from the heavy guns and mortars, and fired slowly during the day, with good ranges and excellent effect,

