
lery; I can't yet find how much. Can't I have for a few days Company G, of Forty-second Massachusetts, and enough men to make it 100 strong? With and the light guns, I feel sure. I must have the guns, anyway. I have Bayou Boeuf safe, I think. I ran down a howitzer and 50 men after midnight this morning. The men have returned. I shall throw up to-day a rifle pit sufficient to help in working small guns.

I have just received the dispatch, dated last evening. The guns must come up in the afternoon train, and, with 100 good men for a day or two, I feel safe. I have not sent any force across the river, for my men are all to tried, and I must save them for to-night, and I know what they are going to try. I have only about 200 men that I can depend on. I am afraid they will take Fort Chene. It is of no use now, and, were it not for the guns, I would take away the men. The convalescents I cannot depend on to-night, for they never were made to give in morning reports even, and were in utter confusion. I can have 100 useful men to-morrow, and perhaps more.

ALBERT STICKNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 10, 1863.

Major-General BANKS,

New Orleans, La.;

GENERAL: Your dispatch of May 21 and 30 are received.

In regard to the railroad superintendence, the Secretary of War informs me that he has already sent an agent to examine into the matter. Your account of the bravery and good conduct of your troops at Port Hudson has given great satisfaction, and it is hoped that you will succeed in capturing the place. Nevertheless, there is much anxiety on the subject, and much annoyance at the simultaneous attack on Port Hudson and Vicksburg, when it was expected that you and General Grant would act in conjunction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 10, 1863-6 p. m.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT,

Flag-ship Monongahela, via Springfield Landing:

SIR: Colonel Prince reports no rafts being built at the mouth of Thompson's Creek, and no indications there of any effort on the part of the enemy to escape. The ground on the west bank is very swampy, and can only be traversed by men on foot. A reconnoitering party sent down the east bank went as far as the mouth of Sandy Creek, which is 340 yards above the mouth of Thompson's Creek, but men no pickets.

Colonel Prince saw our camp at Fause Point, and thinks the commanding officer there would be able to observe everything transpiring at the mouth of Thompson's Creek. Please request him to see if he can do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

35 R R-VOL XXVI, PT I

