HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Before Port Hudson, June 10, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your dispatch in regard to removing the guns from Fort Chene received. The commanding general wishes you to urge upon Commodore Morris the necessity of sending the gunboat at once. If it is necessary, however, you can order the removal of the guns. Please report when the boat will go around.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 10, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN;

I send you the last telegram from Colonel Stickney, which is just received. It may be more satisfactorily to the general to have the telegram itself than any synopsis of it. I have sent 100 men to Bonnet Carre, to feel the force of the raid reported there.

I feel uneasy about the Hollyhock reaching Brashear. Commodore Morris, after promising that the should be there to-day at 5 p. m., gave her orders to go by Pass a l'Outre, and look after the tug-boat Boston, which was captured last night by the rebels. But for this I should feel entirely secure about Brashear.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 137. Before Port Hudson, June 10, 1863.

I. The commanding general directs that the following preparations for an attack upon the enemy's works be made as speedily as practicable to-day:

1. Bags filled with cotton, fascines, or other similar preparations will be made for filling the ditch at three principal points, of which one is on the front opposite General Augur's command.

2. Pioneers will be detailed, provided with the necessary implements for opening a way for artillery into the enemy's works, and will be instructed in their duties.

3. Storming parties and parties to carry the cotton bags or fascines will be detailed, and the necessary instructions given.

4. Major Houston, chief engineer, will provide from the pontoon train as many bridges as may be deemed necessary, not exceeding two for each point of attack, for which parties will be detailed and instructed.

5. Brigadier-General Arnold, chief of artillery, will see that the artillery, heavy and light, is fully supplied with ammunition and whatever is necessary for its efficiency, and will see that it is so disposed as to produce the greatest possible effect.

6. Generals Augur and Grover will see that their respective commands are fully provided with ammunition and other necessary supplies and that their respective commands are fully instructed, in proper time, in their duties. They will also cause their subordinates to be in-

