
formed of the requirements of this order, so far as may be necessary to secure the prompt execution of the same.

II. 7.45 p. m.-The commanding general directs as follows:

With the view of harassing the enemy, of inducing him to bring forward and expose his artillery, acquiring a knowledge of the ground before the enemy's front, and of favoring the operations of pioneers who may be sent forward to remove obstructions, if necessary, Generals Augur and Grover will at once make arrangements to advance a line of skirmishers along their respective fronts, who shall cover themselves and open a fire upon the enemy. This fire will open at 12 o'clock midnight this day. The batteries, under the direction of General Arnold, chief of artillery, will take advantage of any opportunity that may be offered to dismount the guns of the enemy, or otherwise annoy him. The signal for the opening of the fire of the skirmishers will be three signal rockets thrown up in succession from the 24 pounder battery on the road leading by General Augur's headquarters. In cases in which natural covers cannot be found for the skirmishers, such artificial covers may be carried by the skirmishers, as Generals Augur and Grover may designate. The skirmishers should be thrown out along nearly the entire front.

8.30 p. m.-So much of the above orders as relates to throwing up rockets, and to opening the fire of the skirmishers at midnight, is countermanded. The advance of the skirmishers will take place at midnight without any general signal.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 11, 1863.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding, &amp;c.;

GENERAL: You will make preparations for a feigned attack by skirmishers similar to that made last night. Further orders respecting the hour and other details will be sent you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D S. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General Grover.)

FLAG-SHIP MONONGAHELA,

Below Port Hudson, June 11, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

DEAR GENERAL: Your several dispatches were dully received yesterday, and all the shot and shell were sent down with all possible dispatch to Springfield Landing by the tug, and I then sent her down to Baton Rouge, to telegraph to Commander Morris to send me more 9-inch shells.

Your last dispatch, asking me to continue to bombard all night, arrived about 2.30 a. m. You must remember we have been bombarding this place five weeks, and we are now upon our last 500 shells, so that it will not be in my power to bombard more than three or four

