
may be called for. The pioneers and bridge-carrier, should be picked men or volunteers. The details should be made at once, and the men be drilled in their duties and the order of march.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 32. Before Port Hudson, June 11, 1863.

The following is the order of the attack upon the enemy's works by this division;

1. Bag filled with cotton and fascines will be prepared and placed at or near the covered way at the white house mortar battery.

2. General Nickerson will detail 200 men to carry these bags, to be closely followed by 100 more to pick up those which may be dropped. A detail of the First Louisiana Engineers will carry the fascines.

3. The troops will be held well in hand, and prepared to move immediately to such point of assault as the brigadier-general commanding shall designate.

4. General Nickerson and Colonel Clark will each detail 50 men, under competent officers, to act as pontoniers. These men will provide themselves with tools, and make it their special duty to open a way for our artillery into the enemy's works.

5. Colonel Clark will detail 50 picked men of the Sixth Michigan Volunteers, under command of Captain Stark, for a sudden attack upon the headquarters of Major-General Gardner. These men will press forward at all hazards. They will establish themselves in the house, and hold it until relieved. The names of these men will be published in general orders, and they will be promoted, if successful.

6. Colonel Clark will also detail 200 men of the same regiment, under the senior captain, for an important and decisive movement.

These parties will be supported by the One hundred and twenty-eight New York Volunteers.

7. With the exception of the picked men who shall be detailed as stormers, the nine months' troops of this command will lead the advance in the attack.

8. The officers designated by General Nickerson and Colonel Clark for the above special duties will report to-day at 2 p. m. at these headquarters.

9. The officers commanding the brigades will see that there is abundant ammunition on hand.

By order of Brigadier-General Dwight:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SPECIAL DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 34. Before Port Hudson, June 11, 1863.

Special Orders, Numbers 32, from these headquarters, are hereby modified, in pursuance of orders from headquarters department, as follows:

1. General Nickerson will detail 300 men instead of 200, to carry the cotton bags, and will prepare that number of bags.

2. General Nickerson and Colonel Clark will each detail 150 picked men to act as skirmishers, covering the storming party.

