
3. General Nickerson and Colonel Clark will each detail 35 men instead of 50 as pontoniers; each party will carry 17 axes, 11 shovels, 5 pickets, 1 handsaw, and 1 hatchet.

4. Colonel Clark will detail 34 men to carry the balks and chesses of a bridge.

5. These details will be made at once, and the men drilled both in their duties and in the order of march.

By order of Brigadier-General Dwight:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 12, 1863.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Instead of a feigned attack by skirmishers similar to that of last night, you will cause the regiments detailed for the purpose of supporting the field batteries to be constructed to-night to intrench themselves, under the direction of the engineers officers. You will also have proper dispositions made to promptly repel a sortie, should one be attempted by the enemy, with the intention of interrupting the working parties. Firing should only be resorted to when rendered necessary by the action of the enemy. The fire of the heavy batteries will be continued as usual. The approaches for General Grover being in front of Colonel Dudley, the latter has been directed to provide the necessary supports.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 12, 1863.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRGUT,

Commanding, &c.:

MY DEAR SIR: Your dispatches were duly received. We will give you notice of our assault, as you wish, and desire your participation in the work. The suggestion as to continuance of the fire of the fleet was made in consequence of a report from Colonel Benedict, that you understood that we requested a discontinuance of your fire. This was not so. Some suggestion may have been made as to ranges, but nothing more. We are ready for the assault to-morrow, but may postpone it till next day; we shall carry the works without fail when we attempt it.

There are some guns on the lower river front that the terribly destructive and as yet out of reach. Will you not land two or three of your heavy Parrotts on the west side of the river, abreast your ship, and out of range of the enemy's batteries, to dismount them? It can be done effectually and in a few hours. The levee affords protection that can soon be made perfect. I send an officer to confer with you, and who will construct the works; we shall ask of you only the guns and men to man them.

Very truly, yours,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

