
this Point-my six companies of the One hundred and tenth New York State Volunteers, Second Rhode Island Cavalry, and two pieces of artillery.

We have rumors of enemy's forces in Bayou Fordoche and upper part of Pointe Cupee; do not credit the report, but think this point can be held by the present force. I have taken 11 prisoners, who were escaping from Port Hudson; also 18 from Fausse Island, who claimed to be conscripts, and had deserted from the rebel army; also 2 artisans, who were from the Webb, and had passes to Port Hudson; also one Major Vigne, who is represented as a man of influence, as having taken active part in the rebellion, drilling and forcing conscripts into service; also reported as one of the committee of cotton-burners for this parish.

Sent the prisoners to commanding officer of lower fleet.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. SAGE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 13, 1863-7.30 a. m.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT, Flag-ship Monongahela:

ADMIRAL: I shall open a vigorous bombardment at exactly a quarter past eleven this morning, and continue it for exactly one hour. I respectfully request that you will aid us by throwing as many shells as you can into the place during that time, commencing and ceasing fire with us. The bombardment will be immediately followed by summons to surrender. If that is not listened to, I shall probably attack to-morrow morning; but of this I will give you notice.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 13, 1863-9 p. m.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT, Flag-ship Monongahela:

SIR: I have just sent you the following message by signals:

Please send us as much shrapnel as you can spare for the 9-inch navy guns. Please commence firing vigorously with mortars only at 11 p. m., and cease at exactly 2 a. m. Throw you shells as nearly as possible in the center of the work.

We shall attack Port Hudson at daybreak.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 13, 1863.

Major General FRANK. GARDNER, C. S. Army,

Commanding Port Hudson:

SIR: Respect for the usages of war, and a desire to avoid unnecessary sacrifice of life, impose on me the necessity of formally demanding the surrender of the garrison of Port Hudson. I am not unconscious in making this demand that the garrison is capable of continuing a vig-

