
orous and gallant defense. The events that have transpired during the pending investment exhibit in the commander and garrison a spirit of constancy and courage that, in a different cause, would be universally regarded as heroism. But I know the extremities to which they are reduced. I have many deserters and prisoners of war. I have captured the couriers of the garrison, and have in my possession the secret dispatches of the commander. I have at my command a train of artillery seldom equaled in extent and efficiency, which no ordinary fortress can successfully resist, and an infantry force of greatly superior numbers, and most determined purpose, the cannot fail to place Port Hudson in my possession at my will. To push the contest to extremities, however, may place the protection of life beyond the control of the commanders of the respective forces. I desire to avoid unnecessary slaughter, and I therefore demand the immediate surrender of the garrison, subject to such conditions only as are imposed by the usages of civilized warfare.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Port Hudson, La., June 13, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS:

Commanding U. S. Forces near Port Hudson:

SIR: Your note of this date has just been handed to me, and in reply I have to state that my duty requires me to defend this position, and, therefore, I decline to surrender.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General, Commanding C. S. Forces.

[FLAG-SHIP MONONGAHELA, Below Port Hudson, June 13, 1863.]

Major General N. P. BANKS, Commanding:

DEAR GENERAL: I will be ready for the bombardment at the time specified.

I [think] there is but little use in the demand for surrender. Although some think they may, I do not-that is, General Gardner will not. The men would be very willing.

Yours, truly,

D. G. FARRAGUT.

Rear-Admiral.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 13, 1863.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT, Flag-ship Monongahela:

ADMIRAL: General Gardner answers that his duty requires him to defend the place, and, therefore, he declines to surrender.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

