HEADQUARTERS BEALL'S BRIGADE,Port Hudson, La., June 13, 1863.

Brigadier General W. DWIGHT:

Commanding U. S. Forces in front of Beall's Brigade:

GENERAL: Your request to be permitted to carry off some of your dead and wounded that are in my front is granted, with the understanding that they will be moved by unarmed men, and that your sharpshooters will not advance.

Accept, general, my best regards.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. R. BEALL,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army, Confederate States.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Numbers 140. Before Port Hudson, June 13, 1863.

* * * * *

VIII. 4.30 p. m.-Colonel B. H. Grierson, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, commanding cavalry, will at once send the companies of the First Louisiana Cavalry and unattached Massachusetts cavalry (Magee's and Perkins') under his command to report to Brigadier General William Dwight, commanding Second Division.

IX. 4.30 p. m.-After establishing a line of pickets, only covering the roads leading from the rear to Port Hudson, Colonel Grierson will detach Colonel Edward Prince, Seventh Illinois Cavalry, with 300 cavalry and pieces of artillery belonging to the Cavalry Brigade, and order him to take post in the field in rear of the colored troops under Colonel Nelson, on our right, to prevent the escape of the enemy through the space between the right of General Grover and the left of Colonel Nelson.

X. Colonel Grierson, having made the details and established the picket line directed by Paragraphs VIII and IX of this order, will report at these headquarters with the remainder of his command at 7 o'clock this evening.

XI. Division commanders will at once see that a sufficient reserve of ammunition for the infantry and light artillery of their divisions is not only provided, but also placed where it can be readily reached and issued when needed.

XII. 8.45 p. m.-Colonel N. A. M. Dudley, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, will detail one regiment of infantry to proceed at once to the headquarters of the Second Division, and report for temporary duty to Brigadier General William Dwight, commanding the division.

XIII. 8.45 p. m.-Major-General Augur will order the Forty-eight Massachusetts, Colonel Stone, to proceed at once to the headquarters of the Second Division, and report for temporary duty to Brigadier General William Dwight, commanding the division.

XIV. 8.45 p. m.-Colonel N. A. M. Dudley, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, will report for orders with two regiments of his brigade to Brigadier-General Grover, commanding right wing, to support his attack.

XV. 11.30 p. m.-A general assault upon the works of the enemy at Port Hudson will be made to-morrow morning, 14th instant. The following directions will be observed, and the following information is given for the benefit of those principally concerned: General Grover,

