
with his command, including two regiments of Colonel Dudley's brigade, under Colonel Dudley, will make a vigorous and determined assault at the point in front of Colonel Dudly's present position, already indicated to him. The artillery cross-fire in front of this point of attack will commence at 3 a. m., and, excepting such as may have been placed under his direction, will cease only on intimation from General Grover to these headquarters that he desires it to cease. The attacks by skirmishers will commence at 3.30 a. m., or as soon thereafter as General Grover may find best. A detachment of the First Louisiana Engineers, under Captain Jones, has been directed to report to General Grover, with intrenching tools and sand bags, to take position, unless otherwise ordered by him, near the 12-pounder rifle battery. General Augur will, in pursuance of orders already given, detail two regiments of Colonel Dudly's brigade, under Colonel Dudley, to report to General Grover, and two regiments, as already ordered, to report to General Dwight. With the remainder of his command, General Augur will make a feigned attack on the part of the works in front of Holcomb's battery and slaughter-house, to be made vigorously, and converted into a real attack should circumstances favor it. He will also hold his command in readiness to support either General Grover or General Dwight, in pursuance of orders that may be given from these headquarters. A heavy fire of artillery will open on this point of attack at 2.45 a. m. At 3.15 a. m. the attack by skirmishers will be briskly made. An officer, to be designated by Colonel Hodge, will report to General Augur, with a detachment of the First Louisiana Engineers, and with intrenching tools and sand bags, to take position, unless otherwise ordered by General Augur, near Holcomb's battery, on the road leading from his headquarters to Port Hudson. General Dwight, with his command, including two regiments to be sent him by General Augur, will make an attempt to gain an entrance to the enemy's works on our extreme left. Should this attempt fail, it will be properly reported to these headquarters, and the same will be done in case of its success. In the former case, the command will be held in readiness to move promptly to re-enforce at other points, in pursuance of orders that may be given from these headquarters. A detachment of the First Louisiana Engineers, provided with intrenching tools and sand bags, will report to General Dwight, and take position, unless otherwise ordered by him, on the road on our extreme left leading to Port Hudson, as near the works as cover may be found, General Dwight to move at such time after 3.30 a. m. to-morrow as he may deem most expedient. Generals Augur, Grover, and Dwight will not wait for signals, but act at the times specified herein without further orders. The standard is the telegraph time at these headquarters. General Arnold will have charge of all artillery in position excepting such as he may have placed under the direction of division commanders. A reserve of engineer troops, under Colonel Hodge, with tools and sandbags, will be stationed near General Augur's headquarters. General Bank's headquarters will be during the action at the barn near the naval battery. All applications for re-enforcements will be made to these headquarters. Either of the three commanders of a point of attack is authorized to order the fire of artillery near him to cease if he finds it inconveniencing his troops or movements. He will report his act to these headquarters.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

[RICH'S B. IRWIN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

