HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 13, 1863.

Commodore MORRIS:

I have the honor to receive your letter of this date, and in reply thereto I have to state that I do consider the necessity still exists for a gunboat at Brasher City.

I regret to be compelled to make this request of you, but I consider the safety of the place in a great measure depends upon the presence of a gunboat there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. ON THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 14, 1863.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT,

Commanding, &amp;c., Flag-ship Monongahela:

ADMIRAL: As you will have readily perceived, the attack did not succeed, though the merest accident separates success from failure.

We hold advanced positions, and shall intrench them to-night. The enemy made one or two attempts on the center and right to open with his artillery, but was almost instantly silenced. It required a little longer to silence some troublesome guns on the left, but it was done. We shall hold the advanced positions we now have, and throw up riflepits to cover them to-night. I believe our loss has not been heavy, excepting in officers, and the men are in tolerable good spirits. I am still confident of the final result.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 14, 1863.

Colonel PRINCE,

Commanding, &c.:

SIR: By the direction of the commanding general, I have the honor to inform you that General Paine, who was wounded to-day, and left on the field for several hours, reports movements of heavy bodies of the enemy's troops toward our right. This, with what is known of the condition of the enemy's troops, supplies of provisions and ammunition, is taken as an indication of an attempt to be made by him to escape by breaking through on our right. You will, therefore, by vigilant, and attack the enemy at once on his making such attempt, sending prompt notice to these headquarters and to the nearest commander of infantry. General Grierson has been ordered to send you a re-enforcement of 300 men, and a section of the Fourth Massachusetts Battery has been directed to report to you at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[D. S.] WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

