
tion of the lower fleet, in consequence of a report that the enemy is advancing upon you in force from Grossetete, sends Lieutenant Charles A. Hartwell, aide-de-camp, to you, to ascertain the exact condition of affairs at Fausse Point, and the extent to which these reports are to be credited. If the enemy is really advancing upon you, we can send you a small re-enforcement; but the importance and defensive character of your position require that you should not retire from it until actually forced to do so. You can communicate with these headquarters by signal from the Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOWER FLEET,

June 15, 1863-6 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B IRWIN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Yours of to-day is just received. I have the honor to report that, in consequence of reports received from my cavalry and from contrabands sent in by Mr. Parlange, and others from the Fausse River, and from two of the enemy's pickets taken prisoners by my cavalry, I thought it advisable to move my command to this point. The enemy's forces would, I was fearful, cut off my communication with the country and the lower fleet by the road, thus affecting my supplies.

My cavalry this morning burned a bridge, which delayed the enemy. I have also received reports during the day from my cavalry that they were skirmishing with the advance pickets of the enemy 6 miles out. I could have held the point where I was encamped to-night, but I could not have thrown out the usual pickets on the river. I can throw out as many posts of pickets from this point along the river bank with my command as I could from the post where I was stationed with the same force.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. SAGE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 15, 1863.

Brigadier General C. GROVER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The Carter House Hospital and the camp of the Fourteenth New York Cavalry were taken by the rebel cavalry in its dash, but were almost instantly retaken by Colonel Grierson, who reports a number of the horses of the cavalry and all their tents were left untouched, and that the infantry guard at the hospital had quietly stacked their arms and surrendered at the request of an overwhelming force, consisting of 4 of the enemy. What regiment is the guard from?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[RICH'D B. IRWIN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 15, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Mouton's forces still threaten Brashear City and the Opelousas road. They are estimated at 2,000, and their plan has been to get through the

