
the War Department of the Confederate States. In addition to this, each man signed an individual parole, which was retained by himself, having the same caption as the consolidated rolls, varying only in the substitution of the singular for the plural.

These individual paroles were signed, first, by the prisoner; secondly, by the regimental or battery commander; thirdly, by the United States provost-marshal as paroling officer. They were made out and given to the prisoners at the request of Major-General Gardner, who assigned as a reason for this request that the men themselves were anxious to have them, in order, as he said, that the conscript officers might not pick them up and send them to duty.

These forms having been gone through with, the men were marched beyond our lines in organized bodies, under charge of their own non-commissioned officers, in pursuance of orders issued to them in circular form by Major-General Gardner, and were discharged from their imprisonment at points which had been mutually agreed upon between General Gardner and myself. From that time they were to be governed by the circular orders from General Gardner, above referred to, embracing in their provisions all the usual arrangements for subsistence and transportation.

It is important to observe in this connection that the commissioners appointed by Major-General Gardner to draw up the articles of capitulation urged so strongly the paroling of the garrison that our commissioners submitted the point to me for instructions. I directed them to decline entering into conditions, and to state to the enemy's commissioners that I would give my reply on that point after the surrender. This was done.

Immediately after the formal surrender, I informed General Gardner personally that I had concluded to agree to this proposition, and release his men on parole. It is certain that Major-General Gardner, the commander of the opposing army, considered that he was acting for and binding his Government according to the terms of the cartel.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 49. Before Port Hudson, June 15, 1863.

The commanding general congratulates the troops before Port Hudson upon the steady advance made upon the enemy's works, and is confident of an immediate and triumphant issue of the contest. We are at all points upon the threshold of his fortifications. One more advance and they are ours!

For the last duty that victory imposes, the commanding general summons the bold men of the corps to the organization of a storming column of 1,000 men, to vindicate the flag of the Union and the memory of its defenders who have fallen! Let them come forward!

Officers who lead the column of victory in this last assault may be assured of the just recognition of their services by promotion, and every officer and soldier who shares its perils and its glory shall receive a

