SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 144. Before Port Hudson, June 17, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Major D. C. Houston, chief engineer, being on account of sickness disabled for active duty in the field, is, at his own request, temporarily relieved from duty with the forces now in the field, and will proceed to New Orleans without delay, to attend to the business of his department there.

III. Captain J. C. Palfrey, engineer, will, until further orders, act as chief engineer of the army before Port Hudson.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,

Santa Fe, N. Mex., June 17, 1863.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Inclosed herewith please find an order organizing an expedition against the Navahoes, and likewise a request from Colonel Carson, the designated commander of the expedition, asking authority to employ 100 Ute Indians to act as auxiliaries to his force. I beg respectfully to submit, with my approval, this request to the Adjutant-General, for the consideration of the War Department, believing the money expended in the employment of these Indians for the purpose indicated will be profitably laid out.

The Utes are very brave, and fine shot, fine trailers, and uncommonly energetic in the field. The Navahoes have entertained a very great dread of them for many years. I believe 100 Ute Indians would render more service in this war than more than more than double their number of troops. They could be mustered as a company, or, preferably, could be employed as spies and guides.

It is important, if the employment of these Indians be authorized, that I be so informed at the earliest practicable date.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 18, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I respectfully request that I may be informed by return mail what is the decision of the War Department on the question when the terms of service of the nine-months' regiments expire. These regiments originally claimed that their term of service expired by companies. They now understand that the term of the whole regiment expires with that of the last company, and the Governor of Massachu-

