
Keep your pickets at La Fourche on the lookout. Keep all your force in hand to resist an attack at that quarter.

By command of W. H. Emory, brigadier-general commanding:

W. D. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 18, 1863.

The SECRETARY OF STATE,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit a copy of a correspondence between the commandant of the French corvette La Tisiphone and the general in command of the United States forces at New Orleans, and to suggest that the high appreciation of the President and of the Department for this prompt and generous consideration for our wounded at that place may be communicated to Captain Marivault through the French minister.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

CORVETTE LA TISIPHONE,

Port de Nouvelle-Orleans, 30 May, 1863.

Mons. GENERAL: J'ai l'honneur de vous offrir les services des deux chirurgiens de La Tisiphone qui pourraient se rendre regulierement a des heures qui seraient reglees selon vos convenances, dans un des hopitaux de la ville ou se trouvent des blesses parlant Francais, quelle que soient d'ailleurs la provenance et la couleur de ces blesses.

Je suis avec respect, General, votre tres humble serviteur, le capitaine de fregate, commandant la corvette de S. M. I. La Tisiphone,

V. DE MARIVAULT.

Mons. LE GENERAL COMMANDANT

LA PLACE DE LA NOUVELLE-ORLEANS.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,May 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to receive your communication of this date, tendering the services of the two surgeons of the frigate La Tisiphone to aid in attending the wounded who speak French.

Nothing could be more timely or courteous than your kind offer, and I hasten to communicate it to the medical director of the forces here, who informs me he will gladly avail himself of their services.

I shall take pleasure in communicating to my Government this noble act of humanity, which adds to the respect entertained for the nation you represent, and consideration for yourself personally, whose deportment throughout the trying times which have surrounded your official position here has secured to you the esteem of the military and the affection of all the citizens of this community.

I have the honor to be, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain MARIVAULT,

Commanding His Imperial Majesty's Corvette Tisiphone.

