
ment that the ranks of our three-years' regiments should be filled up immediately, and that the nine-months' regiments should be replaced.

I ought, perhaps, to add that the organization of the colored troops is progressing steadily and as rapidly as the absorbing nature of our present operations will permit. We have four full regiments of infantry, reporting over 900 effective men each, in the field and in garrison; one engineer regiment of three battalions, nearly full and actually in the field; two batteries of heavy artillery in garrison, one regiment in process of organization at Pensacola, and the five regiments of Ullmann's brigade, now in the field, being filled up as fast as circumstances permit.

Every negro within the present lines of this department, or within reach of them, without distinction of age, sex, or condition, is in the service of the Government, either in the army or in producing food for the army and its dependents.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Fausse Point, June 20, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report everything quiet at this point. The forces that were threatening us in the rear are reported to have moved south, to the section of country known as Grossetete.

I had hoped to have been able to have reported something more definite of the enemy's doings on Fausse River and Island. A person who has gone through that section of country to obtain information has not yet returned.

Four companies of my regiment joined me here on Wednesday last. Under suggestions of General Stone, I am strengthening this point.

No attack is at present apprehended.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. SAGE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 20, 1863.

Colonel EDWARD PRINCE, Seventh Illinois Cavalry:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs that you report your command to Brigadier General Benjamin H. Grierson, commanding cavalry, but remain in your present position, discharging your present duties, until further orders from him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,June 20, 1863-9.30 p. m.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON, Commanding Cavalry:

SIR: The commanding general directs that you at once put your whole disposable force of cavalry, after arranging to picket our rear, in

