
readiness to march, with two days' rations, and that you have it all at Newport by 1 a. m.

You will immediately report in report in person at these headquarters for instructions.

You have, of course, received the copy of an order placing Colonel Prince under your control.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 20, 1863.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The volunteers for the storming party will assemble at 9 a. m. to-morrow, at the headquarters of the right and left wings, respectively, whence they will be conducted by orderlies to the camp of the stormers. They should have two days' rations, shelter-tents cooking utensils, &c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier-Generals Grover and Dwight.)
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 20, 1863-2 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN:

Captain Cole, of the Anglo-American, and Captain Eddy, of the Sykes, have arrived here, and give the information that the enemy, in large force, have passed the Plaquemine toward the La Fourche Crossing.

I am aware of the importance of this on your present operations, and have informed Captains Eddy and Cole they will be hung if false.

The force actually passed is one regiment of cavalry, fourteen pieces of artillery, two regiments of infantry.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 20, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you leave a guard of two companies at Brashear City, and at once concentrate the whole of the remainder of the force on the Opelousas Railway at La Fourche Crossing; also that you immediately send to the same point the Twenty-sixth Massachusetts and Ninth Connecticut Volunteers, with such artillery and cavalry as you have disposable.

Direct the commanding officer to defend the position at all events, and, if he is strong enough, to attack and disperse the enemy.

