
When you have ascertained the point they are going to attack, you will concentrate all your force there, and telegraph to Colonel Cahil to come your support.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES ON NEW ORLEANS,June 20, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN:

The following dispatch* has been received from my aide-de-camp, Cooley. If the enemy are in this force, they must have crossed the Atchafalaya and Grossetete due west of Baton Rouge. Their object must be either New Orleans itself, or to go down the La Fourche and attack the Opelousas Railroad.

Upon whatever point the attack is developed, I shall concentrate all my force; but it must be apparent to you that I have nothing to resist a force like one described below. The truth of the report can be better ascertained from Port Hudson than from here, as the distance to Plaquemine there is three-fourths less than from here.

This force must have passed within one-half day's march of your pickets on the west side of the river. The transport sent to Springfield have refused to pass Plaquemine, and have dropped down under cover of the gunboat at Donaldsonville.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 20, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN:

Your telegram is received, and was so far anticipated that all the force from Brashear was concentrated at La Fourche early this morning, and all the available infantry held at Algiers, with a special train, ready to defend the point attacked. I still think this the best disposition to be made, as the enemy's pickets have passed Donaldsonville, and been reported within 23 miles of Fort Banks, and their point of attack is not yet developed.

Your order, however, shall be instantly obeyed, as I suppose your information is better than mine.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

LA FOURCHE,

June 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. SMITH, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

We have been attacked and suffered severely, but repulsed them. Send immediately 12-pounder howitzer canister, 6-pounder ammunition, Enfield rifle, caliber.57. Will send another dispatch soon for ammunition.

Respectfully,

ALBERT STICKNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

