
LA FOURCHE,

June 21, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. SMITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

If I have three light pieces, with horses and ammunition, I can hold my position here and come through to New Orleans, I think, even if the railroad should be cut. I can retire to Des Allemands, if you think best; and now that the railroad is cut between here and Brashear, the value of this place is, of course, diminished. They can hold Brashear if they withdraw from Boeuf, and make good dispositions as long as their rations last. Major Anthony, in command there, is a good officer. Some scouts have just come in. No force this side of Thibodeaux, and don't think them well armed. Don't know about artillery.

Respectfully,

ALBERT STICKNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 21, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel STICKNEY:

Colonel Cahill, with two regiments of infantry and a battery of artillery, was ordered to support you. The infantry left early in the day, and the artillery at 1 o'clock last night. Colonel Cahill may have stopped at Boutte or Des Allemands, but his force must have joined you. As soon as it does, if strong enough, attack and disperse the enemy, and do something if you can to relieve Brashear.

But, before doing anything, secure well your communication with Colonel Cahill at Boutte Station and Des Allemands.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 21, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN:

The force directed to be held at Brashear will no doubt hold that place for several days.

Stickney was ordered to keep open the communication with Brashear, but the enemy have been too strong. All his re-enforcements have reached him by this time, and he is ordered to attack.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 21, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

At Brashear City there are five 24-pounders and 250 men, besides the guns in the fort, and over 300 convalescents, pronounced by surgeons fit to return to regiments. Another 24-pounder and howitzer at Boeuf. If they withdraw from Boeuf, with the gunboat covering their flanks, they can do it, and strengthen Brashear.

