
I also send you 8 suspicious persons, claiming to be refugees fleeing the guerrillas. They were apprehended at various points on the road between La Fourche and this place. I would respectfully suggest that they be put in confinement for the present, [to prevent] the dissemination of rumors which might cause disturbance in the city.

I also inclose to you a copy of the instructions issued to the engineers and conductor of trains approaching Des Allemands Bridge from the west.*

12M.

SIR: I have heard nothing yet of the cavalry sent up the river. Lieutenant Reynolds, of the One hundred and fourteenth New York, district provost-marshal of Saint Charles, is now with me. He lives about 1 mile below the intersection of the road from this place to the river. He has seen or heard nothing of the cavalry. He is about 26 miles above Algiers.

So much was written when my outer picket reports the cavalry at the levee; they will report soon.

Lieutenant Reynolds informs me that on the 20th a sergeant, who is on a Government plantation called the Davis place, about 24 miles from Algiers, called upon him, and stated that the night before 8 guerrillas stopped at the place, inquired for the stock, and asked if it was a Government plantation; asked if there were any arms or ammunition there. This is a negro story. The sergeant did not see them, but said he heard the sound of their horses riding away. Lieutenant Reynolds does not place much reliance in the story. He had a letter from A. B. Triples, who is on the Webb plantation, 8 miles above where the road from Boutte Station strikes the river, say 34 miles above the city on this side, of the date of June 19. He makes no mention of any alarm up there. This officer states that he has not received the circular with reference to reports from your headquarters.

I propose to take some horses from the Government plantation, and mount a few men of a company I intend to send to the River road to act as vedettes, and I will then send the cavalry to the front as soon as their horses are fed and rested, as they are said to be very much fatigued. If it should be necessary, they can fall back on the company I shall have at the river, which it is true is only a small one, 28 men, but I consider it sufficient.

I respectfully suggest, that if the present position of our forces is to continue, it would be well to stop all travel or intercourse up along the river except to Government transports, as such intercourse may furnish the enemy with a knowledge of our very small force on the road, and encourage him to attack us. This might be done by the provost-marshal-general suspending passes for awhile, and so instructing his deputies. I allow no white person, excepting those employed on the road, to pass through my command. Negroes I allow to go to the city, but not out.

I consider my position a good one for the small force I have, as it will crowd the enemy if he comes down toward the river, and within reach of the gunboats. It is true I might be cut off by a force coming down the River road. Fifteen miles in my rear is the company canal, with a swing bridge, which canal is 30 feet wide, with a fine fortification on its lower bank, but I have not men enough to man it unless the whole force from La Fourche was brought in.

If I could be furnished with a field telegraphic instrument, I think I

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

