
could furnish an operator. Lieutenant Bonney, of the Twenty-sixth Massachusetts, who is at Des Allemands, was an operator before joining the service, and could use him, and thus be in constant communication. My objections to parties traveling out of the city will apply with particular force to passengers other than military on the railroad. I should think none such should be allowed going out, at least.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

THOS. W. CAHILL,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 21, 1863.

Colonel CAHILL, or

Lieutenant-Colonel STICKNEY:

I am afraid Brashear is gone. Do not let the enemy get between you and this place.

Keep everything prepared to fall back on the Des Allemands Bayou should your rear be threatened.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 21, 1863-9 p. m.

Colonel CAHILL:

I have directed Colonel Stickney to attack the enemy to-morrow (Monday) at La Fourche Crossing, and I desire that you will move forward with your infantry on the railroad to support him.

Lieutenant-Colonel Stancel, of the Texas cavalry, is ordered to go to Boutte Station, to hold that position while you are gone, and to reconnoiter the country in advance as far as you consider necessary. The enemy's artillery has not yet reached Thibodeaux, and I wish Colonel Stickney to attack him at once before it arrives.

The attack made, the forces resume their former stations for the present, and the cavalry will be returned to this city.

By command of W. H. Emory, brigadier-general, commanding:

W. D. SMITH,

Lieutenant Colonel, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 21, 1863.

Colonel CAHILL:

You will go with your whole force immediately to support Colonel Stickney, who is engaged with the enemy at La Fourche Crossing .

The Texas cavalry will take your position, but you will not wait till they arrive. Secure Des Allemands as you pass.

By command of W. H. Emory, brigadier-general, commanding:

W. D. SMITH,

Lieutenant Colonel, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

