
NEW ORLEANS,

June 22, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I arrived at Plaquemine just in time to find that the gunboat Winona had shelled the enemy out of the town, and that the town had suffered also. The enemy burned two steamers, the Sykes and Anglo-American, the former being aground, and the latter trying to get her off.

I learn that there were 3,000 men in the raid, all Texans, and that they were going to Donaldsonville to get stores, &amp;c. They have no baggage wagons, or only a few. They live on the country from day to day, and have only ammunition for a show fight (what they have in their boxes and caissons). They have fifteen 6 and 8 pounders and one 20-pounder Parrott. They say that they heard Taylor had 1,500 men below, who, I suppose, are now attacking the La Fourche Crossing, where our people have repulsed them twice. General Emory has sent re-enforcements.

I think, general, it is bad policy to have guns on the right bank of the river when there are not men enough to defend them. The enemy will certainly, if defeated at Brashear City (which they announced as their next place of attack, to procure ammunition and provisions), make an effort to obtain those supplies from Fort Banks or the fort at Donaldsonville. If they once get either of those works, they may capture transports, and do us much damage before we find it out dislodge them. I have at Brashear City the only gunboat that can enter the bay, except those above Port Hudson.

These people may do us some damage, but if Port Hudson falls within a week, with 5,000 men you can capture every one by landing above and marching down upon them.

I will be up in a day or two, but I know that Captain Alden will do all that I could do if I was there.

I concentrated three or four gunboats at Donaldsonville in a few hours, which induced the rebels to give it up.

Wishing you every success, respectfully and truly, yours,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 51. Before Port Hudson, June 22, 1863.

I. Corpl. I. N. Earl, Company D, Fourth Wisconsin Volunteers, is hereby promoted to be first lieutenant of the same company and regiment, to date the 14th June, 1863, for gallant and meritorious conduct before Port Hudson, from the 1st to 14th June; for conspicuous gallantry in the assault upon the enemy's lines on the 14th, and for his subsequent zeal, daring, and good conduct. This appointment to be subject to the approval of the Governor of Wisconsin.

II. Colonel S. G. Jerrard, Twenty-second Maine Volunteers, is hereby dishonorably dismissed the services of the United States, to take effect June 14, 1863, subject to the approval of the President,* for having, while temporarily in command of his brigade, when the column, of which his regiment formed a part, was ordered to take a portion of the enemy's

---------------

*Discharge confirmed by Special Orders, Numbers 302, Adjutant-General's Office, July 8, 1863.

---------------

