
works by assault, and when the column was at the foot of the parapet preparing for the assault, used discouraging and insubordinate language in the presence of a large number of officers and enlisted men, said language being in part to the purport that "rather than attempt to lead or put his command over that parapet, he would relinquish his command and go to the rear,"

or words to that effect; and, further, for using words to the same effect to a staff officer of Colonel Joseph S. Morgan, Ninetieth New York Volunteers, commanding brigade, his superior officer, when ordered by the said Colonel Morgan, through the said staff officer, to assault the works. This order will be read to the delinquent in the presence of his regiment and of the brigade to which his regiment belongs.

III. This order will be read at the head of every regiment, battalion, and battery before Port Hudson, at retreat to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 23, 1863.

Commanding Officer at Brashear City:

I have received the following dispatch from General Banks, which is sent you for your information, and that of the naval commander at Brashear City, to whom I will thank you to communicate a copy of these instructions.

If compelled to leave there, what public property you cannot bring off, destroy effectually. The steamer Crescent, which takes this, is sent to aid you in carrying out these orders.

If you do not require her services, send her immediately back with sick and public property not required at Brashear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP, June 21-2 p. m.

General EMORY:

Your dispatch in regard to Brashear, saying that you have sent round the Saint Mary's, is received. The commanding general does not regard it as important that we should run any great risk to save Brashear. He desires that you will send orders to Brashear to get off everything of value there, and at Bayou Boeuf, including, especially, the guns, and, when pressed by the enemy, to retire on board the transport and proceed to New Orleans.

The gunboat should remain in Berwick Bay, to prevent the enemy coming across.

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 23, 1863-9 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN:

Your dispatch about Brashear was not received until 8 o'clock this evening. I have sent it around there by a steamer.

