
I shall regret very much if the bridge is burned at Des Allemands, for the order was given upon your information of the approach of 7,000 of the enemy.

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

[FRANK W. LORING,]

Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Port Hudson, June 25, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY, New Orleans:

SIR: Your dispatch is received. I have ordered transportation here, and will hold one brigade in readiness to move at call to your support. Two gunboats should be at once sent to Berwick Bay, to prevent the enemy from planting the heavy guns in the forts that protect the approaches to the bay from the Gulf. Brashear can be defended only by the navy. It is incredible that the gunboats should have allowed such a force as you describe to cross without notice, or that the Hollyhock should have left without taking off the garrison. We only want three days more here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, June 25, 1863.

Admiral FARRAGUT:

General Banks directs me to apply for two gunboats to go round to Brashear, "to prevent the enemy putting the guns in the forts that protect the approaches to the bay from the Gulf."

After your telling me a few days ago you had none of the right draught to send round there, I should not now make the application, excepting that I am directed to do so.

It is also proper to state that the general's directions to me were without any knowledge of what you had previously told me on the subject.

I herewith send inclosed some information* left at my office by the Honorable [Benjamin F.] Flanders, the member of Congress from this district.

I am, admiral, with high regard, your obedient servant,W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, June 25, 1863.

Admiral FARRAGUT:

There is a nest of smugglers on Lake Salvador or Onacha, which communicates with this by the Bayou Des Families. If you could spare one or two launches to send in there, they would make a rich haul and do the Government much service.

These smugglers are now in direct communication with the enemy.

I have the honor to be, yours, &amp;c.,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

