
arrest, and directed to take up their quarters half a mile in rear of these headquarters. The limits of their arrest will extend one-quarter of a mile in every direction from the point at which they may be quartered.

II. These officers are arrested for speaking in a discouraging manner of the prospects of this army before Port Hudson, and for habitually using such language as is likely to discourage and dishearten the troops of this division in the event of an assault upon the enemy's works.*

III. The troops of this division will never be directed to perform any duty which should not be reasonably expected of good soldiers, and which is not only possible, but easy.

The soldiers are cautioned not to listen to the voices of alarmists or to persons affected with diseased imaginations.

Such persons picture dangers which do not exist. All officers who indulge in such tone of remark will certainly be sent to the rear.

By order of Brigadier-General Dwight:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 27, 1863-6 p. m.

Major-General BANKS:

I have just received the following communication from Boutte Station; the hour is not mentioned:

BOUTTE STATION,

June 27, 1863.

Colonel CAHILL:

From positive information, seven pieces of artillery passed the hospital at La Fourche Crossing last evening at 6.40 with a large force of cavalry en route to this place, which will be here, according to time and distance, at 4 p. m.

J. A. SAWTELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-sixth Massachusetts.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,June 27, 1863.

Commanding Officer at Boutte:

I am on my way with orders from General Emory for you to draw in your picket at Des Allemands, after destroying the bridge at that place, and to fall back with your infantry to Fort Banks. The cavalry will not fall back till driven back by the enemy, and then only step by step, disputing every inch of the way.

Please communicate this to Colonel Stancel, commanding cavalry. Please answer when this is received, and whether the commanding officer at Des Allemands has his instructions.

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

W. D. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*No charges having been preferred against the officers named, they were, by General Banks' orders, released from arrest; both were promoted.

---------------

