
edgment of their receipt with the other telegrams notifying you of the fall of Brashear and the presence on this side the Atchafalaya of 9,000 of the enemy, and possibly more. These give information which you should possess, without trusting to the uncertainty of the telegraph. I need not remain the general of the total inadequacy of the force left to guard the vast public interest here, if the enemy's force should be turned toward New Orleans.

Both the following telegrams and all other information sent you have been communicated to Admiral Farragut as soon as received.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., 19TH ARMY CORPS, Before Port Hudson, June 27, 1863-4 p. m.

Major GEORGE B. HALSTED,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the report that for the past twenty-four hours there has been at intervals artillery firing on the left. On my front there has been nothing unusual, excepting that between 8 and 9 last evening an advanced guard of the Twenty-first Maine, defending a breastwork at the end of a ravine on my left, was surprised by the enemy, and its commander, Lieutenant Bartlett, and 5 enlisted men were captured, the guard attempting no defense, alleging therefor Lieutenant Bartlett's order.

The enemy destroyed the breastworks, and were afterward driven back by Major Merry, Twenty-first Maine.

The Forty-eighth Massachusetts and two companies of One hundred and sixteenth New York support Holcum's battery. The Forty-ninth Massachusetts supports the two batteries on my left. The Twenty-first Maine is on the road this side of and near Slaughter's burnt house. The Second Louisiana and eight companies of One hundred and sixteenth New York are near brigade headquarters.

Eight companies of One hundred and sixteenth New York will support Holcomb's battery to-night, relieving the troops now there.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CHARLES J. PAINE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, Before Port Hudson, June 28, 1863.

It appears that while the troops were under arms day before yesterday, Lieutenant Bartlett and 15 men were left to guard the work upon which Colonel Johnson is engaged; that, before the regiment was reguard, and the lieutenant and 5 men were taken, as also a number of sand bags. The men say that the lieutenant would not permit them to fire upon the advancing enemy.

C. C. AUGUR,Major-General, Commanding.

