
WASHINGTON, June 27, 1863.

Major-General BANKS,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your dispatches of the 18th are just received. The defection of your nine-months' men on the field of battle was a most criminal military offense, which should have been promptly and severely punished, in order to prevent a repetition of it by other troops. When a column of attack is formed of doubtful troops, the proper mode of curing their defection is to place artillery in their rear, loaded with grape and canister, in the hands of reliable men, with orders to fire at the first moment of disaffection. A knowledge of such orders will probably prevent any wavering, and, if not, one such punishment will prevent any repetition of its in your army. You will be fully sustained in any measures you may deem necessary to adopt to enforce discipline.

The reason given by you for moving against Port Hudson are satisfactory. It was presumed that you had good and sufficient reasons for the course pursued, although at this distance it seemed contrary to principles and likely to prove unfortunate.

Your dispatch in regard to term of service of nine-months' mine has been referred to the Adjutant-General for reply.

I regret exceedingly that we can get no more troops to send you. The discharge of nine months' and two-years' men has so reduced our forces that we can hardly defend Washington and Baltimore. The effect of the Copperhead disaffection at the north has prevented enlistments, and the drafting has not yet been attempted. We have been forced to resort to State militia, most of whom refuse to be mustered into the service of the United States. Notwithstanding that Pennsylvania is invaded by a large army, the militia of that State positively refuse to be mustered. This is the work of the politicians.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, Numbers 16. June 28, 1863.

I. His Excellency Governor Shepley, Military Governor of Louisiana, brigadier-general U. S. Volunteers, has authority to call into the service of the United States for sixty days one brigade of infantry, for service in defense of New Orleans. They will be organized into regiments and companies, in accordance with the laws and regulations governing the armies of the United States.

The command of this brigade is assigned to Governor Shepley.

* * * *

[W. D. SMITH,]

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS STORMING COLUMN, June 28, 1863.

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the volunteers for the storming column are organized in two battalions of eight companies each--strength of companies, about 50 enlisted men; 3, and in some cases 4

