
commissioned officers to a company. Battalion officers are to each, 1 lieutenant-colonel commanding, 2 majors or acting as such, 1 adjutant, 1 quartermaster. One surgeon (from One hundred and sixtieth New York), has reported. Present strength for duty is: Commissioned officers, 67; enlisted men, 826. Total, 893.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY W. BIRGE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, June 28, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel SAWTELL:

You will leave two companies of infantry at Jefferson Station, with orders to form a support for the cavalry in front, and, if driven from their position, to fall back on Fort Banks.

With the remainder of your regiment, you will proceed to Donaldsonville wit hall possible dispatch, to aid in the defense of that place. If, upon consultation with the navy officer there, you find that your presence is not needed, which I doubt I doubt very much, you will return with all possible speed to this place. You will keep the boat with you for this purpose. You will take no baggage with you, nor leave any at Jefferson Station, but send it here. You will take with you your rations; chief quartermaster will furnish you the transportation.

By command of Brigadier General W. H. Emory:

W. D. SMITH,Lieutenant-Colonel, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, June 28, 1863.

Admiral FARRAGUT:

I understand, from a man whom I have no reason to doubt, that it is the plan of the enemy to cross above here about 18 miles night after to-morrow or Tuesday night. His main force is to cross there, while a detachment of 3,000 or 4,000 is to cross 4 miles below. I therefore respectfully suggest that you direct your gunboats to have all the schooners, sloops, and barges of every sort between here and Donaldsville, and also for several miles below the town, brought to this side of the river. If necessary, I can order one or two of the river boats to aid in the operation.

I have the honor to be, admiral, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, June 28, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel SAWTELL:

Your order of this morning is so far modified that you will send two companies of your regiment to Donaldsonville by steamer Zephyr, which takes this up. You will hold the remainder ready to move at a moment's warning back to the corral where Colonel Dyer is stationed. These two companies will, upon arrival at Donaldsonville, report to

