HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, July 2, 1863.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN:

I have received the following dispatch from Major Bullen, in command at Donaldsonville.

I have already sent him two separate re-enforcements, one of 150 men and another, consisting of two companies of the Twenty-sixth Massachusetts, numbering 90 men; making in all 240 men.

The attempt to raise a brigade here from amongst the loyal and unconditional Union men is a failure, and must not be depended upon.

I have a report that the enemy are on the Vacherie road in force, and are repairing it. I have also a report of the enemy's pickets at Des Allemands Bayou.

W. H. EMORY,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 158. Before Port Hudson, July 2, 1863.

I. The commanding general cannot too warmly thank the officers and men of the Fiftieth Massachusetts Volunteers for their prompt and patriotic offer of the service of that regiment until the 14th instant, for two weeks beyond the period when they deem that their term of enlistment expires. This prompt decision reflects honor upon the gallant officers and men of this regiment, and will be in future their proudest title to the gratitude of their countrymen and the esteem of their comrades, with whom they will share the coming triumph and divide its glory.

II. Colonel Hodge, First Louisiana Engineers, will detail 100 men, with their officers, provided with 25 axes, 25 shovels, and 25 picks, to report to Lieutenant Hanman, assistant to chief of artillery, at General Nickerson's headquarters, at 6 a. m. to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Banks:

[RICHARD B. IRWIN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Port Hudson, July 2, 1863-10.50 a. m.

Brigadier General W. DWIGHT,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Colonel Dudley is ordered toward the church with two regiments and a battery, to intercept the enemy and recapture the train. The commanding general directs that you immediately report whether you had relieved the One hundred and sixty-second New York from duty at Springfield Landing; and, if so, when.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Port Hudson, July 3, 1863.

Major-General GARDNER,

Commanding at Port Hudson:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that a quantity of hospital stores may be distributed among the wounded men of my command now

