
called for by the chief engineer are duly detailed, and will furnish the general of the trenches with a statement of such details.

The chief engineer will hereafter make his requisitions for working parties and guards upon the assistant adjutant-general at the se headquarters. The provisions of this order, so far as the general of the trenches is concerned, will not apply to the works on our left.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF THE NEW ORLEANS, July 3, 1863.

Commodore MORRIS:

Our transports have been fired into at College Point, and one of them, the Ibervile, badly disabled.

I find it necessary to send a dispatch to General Banks. Can you furnish convoy to the steamer which takes it as far as College Point?

Some of the gunboats at Donaldsonville should be concentrated at that Point and at Bonnet Carre.

If you have any dispatches to send, I shall be happy to send them by this boat.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, July 3, 1863.

Colonel SAWTELL,

Jefferson:

If at any time you are forced to fall back, in place of falling back to Fort Banks, as directed, fall back to the line of earthworks not the company canal.

I shall have a steamboat ready to re-enforce you heavily.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, Numbers 18. July 3, 1863.

Hereafter no public assemblages, excepting for public worship, under a regular commissioned priest, will be allowed in the city for any purpose or under any pretense whatever by white or black, without the written consent of the commander of the Defenses of New Orleans, and no more than three persons will be allowed to assemble or congregate together upon the streets of the city. Wherever more than that number are found together by the patrol, they shall be ordered to disperse, and, failing to do so, they shall be placed in arrest.

All bar-rooms, coffee-houses, stores, and shops of every description will be closed at 9 p. m.

All club rooms and gambling houses are hereby closed until further orders.

