
at La Fourche Crossing, and the decided repulsed I gave them at Donaldsonville, aided by the gunboats, I may be able to hold them in check till re-enforcements come from some quarter.

I think the circumstances justify me in asking you to send me re-enforcements here with all dispatch.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[JULY 4, 1863.-For Grant to Banks, announcing the surrender of Vicksburg, see Series I, Vol. XXIV, Part III, p. 470.]
HEADQUARTERS, Port Hudson, La., July 5, 1863-6 p. m.

Major General N. P. BANKS,Commanding U. S. Forces near Port Hudson:

GENERAL: Your note of the 3rd instant has just been handed to me, and in reply I have the honor to state that I will send a party outside the breastworks to receive such hospital supplies as you may desire to send in to your wounded. It is scarcely necessary to assure you that every care will be continued to alleviate the sufferings of your wounded that circumstances will permit. The supplies you send will be applied as you request. There is no prisoner from the Fourth Wisconsin Regiment shot through the thigh, but there is one of the Zouaves shot as you mention, named J. K. P. Edward. He receives every care possible.

I have the honor to be, with respect, &amp;c.,

FRANK. GARDNER,

Major-General, Commanding C. S. Forces.

FLAG-SHIP TENNESSEE, Port Hudson, July 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General EMORY,

Commanding U. S. Forces, New Orleans:

DEAR GENERAL: Your note is duly received. I understand the play of the rebels, and think we can foil them. I have ample force on the river to keep them in check. They are on the west bank, from Donaldsonville down about 12 or 15 miles, and a picket of 200 or 300 extending down as far as Bonnet Carre. Waters shelled them the other night as I came up. I have two boats at Donaldsonville and one below, to convoy the transports.

The Quartermaster General ought to be very particular in the captains of his steamers, as a rebel will run in and surrender if he has half a chance.

I had a long letter from Porter to-day by the Arizona. He says it is reported that Vicksburg will surrender to-day. They had pride in not surrendering until after the Fourth of July.

I shall go to see General Banks to-morrow. You have plenty of force at New Orleans-two sloops of war and three or four other vessels there, whose guns are as good as ever, and, even if their steam is not available, they can shell the city.

