
batteries on the right, left, and center of our lines, in honor of the fall of Vicksburg.

I have the honor to remain, general, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

FLAG-SHIP TENNESSEE, Below Port Hudson, July 7, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I was aroused this morning by 4 a. m. with a dispatch, which I sent you. The letter of Colonel Holabird* was dated June 30, but I will go down to look after this blockade of the river below. I have four gunboats between Plaquemine and College Point. But I desired to stay here, to suggest going up with a flag of truce to-morrow to demand the surrender of Port Hudson. They will, no doubt, surrender to the navy more willingly than the army, on account of the negro question, and I though if it would save the effusion of blood, it would be well to try it. I will go down this evening and he up to-morrow, if all is right below.

Very truly, yours,

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

[Inclosure. Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS, Donaldsonville, July 4, 1863.

Captain WOOLSEY:

DEAR SIR: My pickets were approached by those of the enemy last evening at about 11 o'clock. One of the enemy was in advance of the rest; my picket halted him, and ordered him to surrender, which he refused to do, when my picket fired on him, and then retired, sending me information of the transaction. This morning we found the man whom the picket fired at last night, badly wounded. He is a captain of one of the Texas companies; says only the advanced brigade attacked the fort on Sunday a. m.; that there were many wounded; that he was not in the flag; that Colonel Phillips and the other field officers of his regiment were killed or captured.

A negro man came in this morning from Thibodeaux; says there is a rebel force at Thibodeaux: that there are wounded soldiers there; that there are three camps between Napoleonville and Donaldsonville; that they have artillery; that they brought four pieces of artillery from Berwick Bay; that they are repairing the railroad at La fourche Crossing; that he heard them talking about going to New Orleans; that some of them left Napoleonville Thursday, and said they were coming to Donaldsonville to take the fort. Says General Mouton is in command. The wounded captain says there are 18,000 troops between Napoleonville and Donaldsonville. All of which I submit to you. My impression is that they mean to try us once more.

I am, sir, yours, respectfully,J. D. BULLEN,

Major, Commanding Post.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

