
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

U. S. S. PRINCESS ROYAL, Off Donaldsonville, La., July 5, 1863.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT,

Commanding West Gulf Blockading Squadron:

SIR: The Kineo returned from College Point this morning, convoying the Sallie Robinson. The latter vessel was fired into as she passed that point. I have directed Lieutenant-Commander Waters to make a report. I sent the Winona down to convoy up another boat which was expected. The North America is waiting the return of the Winona to convoy her down, and the Kineo will convoy the Sallie Robinson above Doyle's plantation and return. I find it necessary to keep a gunboat down about College Point to convoy vessels up, as the enemy has a field battery and sharpshooters there, and fires upon every transport that passes. We need all the force we can get here. The fort has been re-enforced by men, but no more pieces. I respectfully inclose the copy of a note which I have just received from Major Bullen.

From the best information we can gain from spies, deserters, and prisoners, the rebel force is from 15,000 to 18,000. Major commanding the post thinks there are about 10,000. They are the united forces of Mouton, Green, and Taylor.

The report gives them twenty pieces of artillery. Last night their pickets were inside of ours, and they were within three-quarters of a mile of the post.

I am, most respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

M. R. WOOLSEY,

Commander.

[Sub-Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS, Donaldsonville, July 5, 1863.

Captain WOOLSEY:

DEAR SIR: So far as I can learn, the position of the enemy remains unchanged from yesterday. The pickets were thrown out nearer our lines than ever-up nearly to the town on the east side of the bayou.

The North America brought down six companies of Twenty-eighth Maine, and I am relieve by Lieutenant Colonel W. E. Hadlock.

I am, sir, yours, respectfully,J. D. BULLEN,

Major,. Twenty-eighth Maine Regiment Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

U. S. S. PRINCESS ROYAL, Below Donaldsonville, La., July 6, 1863.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT,

Commanding West Gulf Blockading Squadron, Port Hudson:

SIR: It becomes my painful duty to report to you that Major Bullen, of the Maine Volunteers, and late commander of Fort Butler, was murdered in cold blood late last night be a private of the First Louisiana Volunteers. Hid body is now on board the Cornie, awaiting a convoy down to New Orleans.

The murderer is in double irons, under a guard, on board this vessel.

I am, most respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

M. B. WOOLSEY,

Commander.

