
designated by me, will meet a similar commission on his part, at our lines at 9 a. m. to-day, to draw up the terms of surrender.

I have directed that active hostilities shall entirely cease until further orders for this purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy to Commodore Palmer, U. S. Navy, U. S. S. Richmond.)
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Port Hudson, July 8, 1863-6 a. m.

Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT,Commanding Fleet, &amp;c.:

SIR: General Gardner has made known his willingness to surrender, and officers meet at 9 a. m. to agree upon terms. An unconditional surrender will be required. It is important that our troops in force should first carry the news to New Orleans. I congratulate you upon the freedom of the Mississippi.

Very truly, yours,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Port Hudson, July 8, 1863.

Rear-Admiral D. G. FARRAGUT,Commanding Fleet, &c.:

MY DEAR SIR: To intercept the rebel force now infesting the river and the La Fourche country, it is necessary that the gunboats should move at once to Berwick Bay. All the light-draught boats should be ordered down at once-the Arizona, Estrella, Hollyhock, Calhoun, and Sachem. I hope Captain Wiggin and Captain Perkins may be put in command, as they know the localities and are energetic in action. If the boats can proceed to the bay at once, we shall intercept and capture the force. Our troops move at 5 o'clock for Donaldsonville, and we shall press them with all vigor. Please inform me if it is possible to accomplish this. If we cut off this army, no other troops can be raised south of Red River.

Port Hudson surrendered to-day, substantially without conditions. We shall be compelled, however, to parole the greater part of the men. They call for 6,000 rations. The ceremony of rendition takes place at 7 to-morrow morning.

I a, very truly, yours,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Before Port Hudson, July 8, 1863.

SIR: The articles of surrender are signed at 2 p. m.:

1. The enemy surrenders everything.

2. We respect private property.

