
3. Officers and soldiers not paroled.

4. We take care of the sick.

March in at 5 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Port Hudson, July 8, 1863.

Brigadier General W. DWIGHT,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Please designate two regiments of your division to go in with the occupying force at 5 o'clock, and order them to report immediately at the opening in front of General Augur's. Keep the rest of your command in hand, encamp it comfortably, and take stringent measures to repress straggling.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D S. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Port Hudson, July 8, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,Commanding Department of the Tennessee, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: The Mississippi is opened. I have the honor to inform you that the garrison of Port Hudson surrendered unconditionally this afternoon. We shall take formal possession at 7 o'clock in the morning.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

BEFORE PORT HUDSON, LA., July 8, 1863.

Major-General GRANT:

MY DEAR GENERAL: It gives me pleasure to inform you that Port Hudson surrendered this day. We are unable to determine the number of prisoners or the extent of the armament. The commissioners ask for 6,000 rations. The surrender is in effect unconditional. I declined to stipulate for the parole of officers or men, but necessity will compel me to parole at once a considerable portion of the prisoners, selecting those representing States mainly in our control, as Louisiana, Arkansas, &c.

About 12,000 or 15,000 of the enemy have been threatening my communications, and have occupied the La Fourche districts. I shall move against them forthwith.

My disposable force is about equal to their number if I detain General Grierson's cavalry. This I hope to do for a term of not more than two weeks, when I will return him in good condition to your camp. He has been of infinite service, and I know not in what way we could have supplies his place. My thanks are due to Lieutenant [H. A.] Ulffers for

