
valuable services. He is a patient, sound, intelligent, and patriotic officer. He returns with Colonel [T. K.] Smith.

The enemy in my rear disposed of, I earnestly desire to move into Texas, which is now denuded of troops. The enemy here is largely composed of Texas. We hope to capture them. Will it be possible for you to spare me for this expedition, which should be closed in two months from this date, a division of 10,000 or 12,000 men? I know the claims upon your force. I see that you will hope to strengthen our armies in the east, and propose my request with hesitation, but here is no point where the same number of men could do so much good. I want Western men. It was my hope to join you in the contest for Vicksburg, and strengthen your command with what force I have, but it was impossible.

Colonel Smith, who brought me the welcome message from you, has remained at my command to convey to you in return the news of the surrender or capture of Port Hudson, which could not have been deferred longer than to-morrow. His visit has given me the greatest pleasure. His effective destruction of the boats and other means of crossing the Mississippi which the enemy possessed has been of the greatest service to us and the cause. I hope he may return safely to you.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Before Port Hudson, July 8, 1863-5 a. m.

Brigadier General B. H. GRIERSON,Commanding Cavalry:

SIR: General Gardner has offered to surrender.

A commission will meet at 9 o'clock to draw up the terms.

The commanding general desires that you will keep your command will in hand, and be more than usually watchful for our rear during the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRQWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Before Port Hudson, July 8, 1863.

General B. H. GRIERSON,Commanding Cavalry:

SIR: The commissioners have agreed to occupy the place at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning, instead of 5 this evening.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Before Port Hudson, July 8, 1863.

Brigadier General C. GROVER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Please designate two regiments of your own division and two of the Third Division to go in with the occupying force at 5 o'clock

40 R-VOL XXVI, PT I

