
to-day, and order them to report immediately in front of General Augur's. Order the stormers to report at the same place immediately. Keep the rest of your command in hand, encamp it comfortably, and take stringent measures to repress straggling. Don't's forget Nelson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BEFORE PORT HUDSON, July 8, 1863.

[General WEITZEL:]

MY DEAR SIR: The officers to meet those appointed by General Gardner upon the subject of the terms of surrender were necessarily named as soon as his communication was received, otherwise I should have very gladly acted upon your suggestion. Unless a different course is suggested by the officers representing the garrison, I shall designate you as the officer to receive the surrender of General Gardner. I will notify you of the result as soon as it is ascertained.

I shall except your brigade to move at once to La Fourche. I will review the troops in Port Hudson to-day, and then prepare for the close of the campaign, which has lasted without intermission for four months from this day. It began the 8th March.

Very truly, yours,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[P. S.]-I shall name of the most deserving regiments eight or ten to occupy and garrison the forts as soon as surrendered. Will you name some most entitled to honor in your division?

BEFORE PORT HUDSON, July 8, 1863-2.30 p. m.

General WEITZEL:

DEAR GENERAL: I am sorry that you do not accept the surrender. You seemed to more closely identified with the whole campaign than any other officer.

The articles are signed--

1. The enemy surrendering everything.

2. We respect private property.

3. Officers and soldiers not paroled.

The regiments asked for are only as witnesses to the act of rendition. The transports will be ready to take your troops to-night to Donaldsonville. You will lead the advance. Nine-months' regiments only will remain. I shall be glad to see you this evening. It is reported from the upper fleet that Hooker is superseded by General Meade. No enemy between this and Baton Rouge.

Very truly, yours,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C.,Numbers 164. Before Port Hudson, July 8, 1863.

I. The following-named regiments, having but a brief time to serve, are detached from the divisions to which they belong; will concentrate

