
in front of General Augur's position on the main road; march into Port Hudson at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning, and report to the commanding officer of the post. They will, for the present, constitute part of the garrison for that post.

From the First Division, Fiftieth Massachusetts; from the Second Division, Twenty-sixth Connecticut, Twenty-fourth Maine; from the Third Division, Fourth Massachusetts; from the Fourth Division, Twenty-second Maine, Fifty-second Massachusetts, Twenty-sixth Maine.

II. Major-General Augur will be gin to embark his division, excepting the two regiments the two regiments detailed to accompany the occupying force, on the transports at Point Pleasant Landing at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning, with two days' rations in haversacks, and three days' additional, and a full supply of ammunition. The two regiments detailed to accompany the occupying force will go fully prepared to embark on transports as soon as the ceremony of rendition is over.

Brigadier-General Grover will send a brigade to Plains Store to-night, to relieve Colonel Dudley's brigade. Colonel Dudley will take up the line of march at 4 a. m.

Brigadier-General Arnold, chief of artillery, will designate the batteries to accompany the division, including Weitzel's brigade.

The embarkation will be completed as rapidly as possible. General Augur will immediately report in person to the commanding general for special instructions.

III. Brigadier-General Weitzel, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, will report to Major-General Augur with his brigade, excepting the regiment detailed to accompany the occupying force, at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning, with two days' rations in haversacks and three days' additional, and a full supply of ammunition, ready to proceed to Point Pleasant Landing and embark as above directed. The regiment detailed to accompany the occupying force will go in fully prepared to embark on transports as soon as the ceremony of rendition is over.

IV. Brigadier-General Grover, commanding right wing, and Brigadier-General Dwight, commanding Second Division, will be careful so to extend their lines as to cover the whole ground occupied by the troops withdrawn from the lines by these special orders, Paragraphs II and III.

V. The following-named batteries belonging to the First Division have been designated by the chief of artillery to accompany the division in its movement, as directed by these special orders, viz, Bainbridge's (A, First Artillery); Carruth's (Sixth Massachusetts) battery; Holcomb's [Bradbury's] (First Maine) battery. They will be put in movement accordingly by the division commander. All other batteries temporarily assigned to the First Division are relieved from duty therewith, and their commanders will to-morrow morning report in person to the chief of artillery for instructions.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, July 8, 1863.

Commodore MORRIS:

I communicated to you yesterday morning that the enemy were building a battery on the river opposite Bonnet Carre. I now have to com-

