
municate that I have learned, through a refugee of unquestionable veracity, that the enemy, 3,000 strong, are moving, through the lakes, by way of Barataria, with the intention of interrupting our communication between this city and the mouth of the river.

The expectation of the enemy is that as soon as they cut the communication below, as they have that above, the city will rise; and, in my opinion, nothing will prevent such an enterprise but the glorious news of the fall of Vicksburg.

I have communicated already to General Banks and Admiral Farragut the imminent danger in which i consider the city has been left by withdrawing the forces from here. I now have no means whatever of communicating with either, but although I have given them full information, and they are aware that this city is open to the force of the enemy approaching from Brashear City, I nevertheless think it is due to both of them that they should, with as little delay as possible, receive the information contained in this letter, and would, therefore, thank you to forward it to them, as I have no means of communicating with them except by gunboats, and I do not think a communication of this character should go by any other mode of conveyance.

It is proper to state that the 3,000 coming in through the lakes to occupy the bank of the river below, as far as I am informed, are no part of the forces under General Taylor, estimated at 13,000, operating between General Banks and this city, but are composed of watermen, fishermen, and irregular forces from the lagoons and bayous of Southern Texas and Louisiana.

A prisoner just in informs me that the enemy have completed the reconstructions of the Opelousas Railroad, and are running cars as far as Raceland, at which point they are throwing up breastworks.

Everything is doing by me that it is possible to strengthen our position, and I have expressed to those most concerned my determination to hold the city to the last extremity, even if it involves its destruction. What I am most concerned about is the scattered disposition of our stores and armament, and the demoralization from the presence of 12,000 or 15,000 paroled prisoners, and 4,00 or 5,000 men--convalescent, sick,and wounded.

I inclose herewith a telegram* this moment received from my cavalry patrol, on the east bank of the river, containing information of two formidable batteries, one opposite College Point and one opposite point about 12 miles above Humphrey's Station. These batteries should be shelled out before the works are perfected.

I am, commodore, your most obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, July 9, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to communicate for your information a copy of a letter of the 13th ultimo, addressed to this Department by Henry Connelly, esq., the Governor of the Territory of New Mexico.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

