HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Fausse Point, July 9, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report all quiet here.

The artillery on the levee opposite Port Hudson has left. There seems to be no further necessity for pickets on the levee or the river.

A negro brings information of a force of the enemy in camp, 30 miles up the river, of about 6,000.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. SAGE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, July 10, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose you copy of dispatch received from Major-General Banks, announcing the surrender to him of Port Hudson, July 8, and also several papers showing the particulars of the surrender.

The enemy are in considerable force on the west side of the river, threatening General Bank's communication and this city. They have temporary possession of the right bank of the river, some 8 miles below Donaldsonville to Bonnet Carre, but the news of the surrender of Port Hudson relieves this city from all apprehensions, and I shall order my force, small as it is, to resume the offensive.

Before receiving the news of the fall of Port Hudson, I was compelled to call into the service two regiments for a period of sixty days. I regret to state to you that Major Bullen, of the Twenty-eighth Maine, who made such a heroic defense at Donaldsonville, was murdered by a soldier of the First Lieutenant Regiment.

I have not been directed to forward these papers to you in relation to Prot Hudson, but my adjutant-general, Captain Walker, who brought them down, informs me that he has no dispatches for the steamer about sailing, and I therefore send you copies of those sent me, though it is probable you will receive the news by way of Vicksburg much sooner than these.

Very respectfully your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Port Hudson, July 9, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,Commanding Defenses of New Orleans:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that Port Hudson surrendered yesterday morning without conditions.

We took formal possession at 7 o'clock this morning.

The number of prisoners and guns is unknown as yet, but estimated at about 5,000 prisoners and fifty pieces.

General Weitzel, with the First Division, moves to Donaldsonville this morning.

The commanding general directs me to explain, as an apology for this late communication, that he regarded it as a matter of prime importance that the troops should precede the news to Donaldsonville.

