SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 166. Port Hudson, July 10, 1863.

* * * *

V. Brigadier General Daniel Ullmann will assume command of his brigade, consisting of the Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, and Tenth Regiments of Infantry of the Coprs d'Afrique, and will report for duty to Brigadier General George L. Adnrews, commanding the corps at Port Hudson.

* * * *

VIII. 9.30 p. m.-Brigadier General C. Grover, commanding right wing, will order the First Brigade of his own division and Nims' (Second Massachusetts) battery to march into Port Hudson immediately, prepared to embark on the steamer Laurel Hill by midnight, if possible, with five day's rations, 100 rounds of ammunition per man for the infantry, and the battery complement for the artillery. The brigade commander, after putting his brigade in march, and leaving it orders to march with celerity, will report in person at these headquarters for instructions.

IX. Brigadier General C. Grover, commanding right wing, will be prepared to move himself with the remainder of this won division, including the two three-years' regiments sent in with the column o occupation at 6 a. m. to-morrow, with five days' rations, 100 rounds of ammunition per man for the infantry, a full complement for each battery, and a full reserve supply. Marching orders will be given hereafter.

Before leaving, General Grover will make all necessary arrangements for picketing his present front.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES, Numbers 1. Port Hudson, July 10, 1863.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 165, Headquarters Department of the Gulf, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Corps d'Afrique and of the post at Port Hudson.

GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Reorganization of the Third Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, under Paragraph XV, Special Orders, Numbers 166, Headquarters Department of the Gulf, July 10, 1863,* Brigadier General William Dwight commanding.

First Brigade.

Brigadier General FRANK S. NICKERSON.

1st Maine, Colonel Thomas W. Porter.

110th New York, Colonel Clinton H. Sage.

162nd New York, Colonel Lewis Benedict.

165th New York, Captain Felix Agnus.

177th New York, Colonel Ira W. Ainsworht.

Second Brigade.

[Senior colonel present.]

28th Connecticut, Colonel Samuel P. Ferris.

8th New Hampshire, Colonel H. Fearing, jr.

15th New Hampshire, Colonel John W. Kingman.

133rd New York, Colonel L. D. H. Currie.

173rd New York, Colonel Lewis M. Peck.

4th Wisconsin,+ Lieutenant Colonel Frederick A. Boardman.

---------------

*Which, "in consequence of the expiration of the term of service of several of the nine-months' regiments," transferred the First and Third Brigades, Second Division, to the Third Division, and assigned Brigadier-General Dwight to the command. He assumed command July 12. Colonel Hawkes Fearing, jr., appears to have commanded the division June 15-July 6.

+Detached for mounted service July 11.

---------------

