
general desires that you will give your attention to this matter, apply the proper corrective, and report the cause of the difficulty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PORT HUDSON, July 12, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: in reply to your communication respecting the rations of Confederate officers, I have the state that I have already given my attention to this matter; that as to the causes of the difficulty, Captain [Eugene E.] Shelton reports that he has had great difficulty in obtaining a sufficient quantity of rations in proper time, which is owing in part, at least to the present embarrassment of the transportation caused by the movement of troops and stores. Concerning this point, Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler can, no doubt, give the necessary explanations. Captain Shelton further reports that much delay and annoyance is caused by the manner in which the Confederate officers draw their rations, in small quantities, for 5 or 6 officers or less at a time; the supply on hand only admitting of the issue of one or two days' rations at a time.

The proper corrections would seem to be-

1. Captain [Henry D.] Woodruff to see that sufficient supplies are promptly forwarded to this post.

2. The Confederate officers to consolidate their provision returns as much as practicable, and send them in at such an hour as may be indicated by Captain Shelton.

In regard to Captain Shelton, I have to state that he has labored faithfully and ably, and that I believe he has done, and is doing, all in his power to supply the Confederate officers and enlisted men with rations. His exertions, I fear, have not been appreciated by some of the Confederate officers, to judge from the discourteous remarks made by them to him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Port Hudson, July 12, 1863.

Major General FRANK. GARDNER,C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of the 11th instant. The paroled troops will be conducted past the lines of this army, with such supplies as may be deemed necessary for their use. Their destination must be determined by themselves. It is not deemed expedient to enter upon any stipulation as to the course to be pursued by the Government in case any of the paroled prisoners should hereafter choose to remain within the lines of the army of the United States.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

