
headquarters, to make and plot reconnaissances. The surveyor will remain here, to begin a survey of our lines and the enemy's. I have asked Major Houston to send other surveyors from New Orleans to assist him. One photographer will remain here, to take the views already ordered, and the other will probably go to New Orleans, to print the impressing with greater facility.

There is also an engineer quartermaster who draws, by order of the chief engineer, all necessary articles from the quartermaster's department, and receipts and accounts for them.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN C. PALFREY,

Captain, U. S. Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSE OF NEW ORLEANS, July 14, 1863.

Colonel SAWTELL,Jefferson:

Forward this to Colonel Stickney by express:

The forces from Donaldsonville are not yet ready to move down the La Fourche. I do not intend you to move I will notify you as soon as I get notice when they move.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, July 4, 1863.

Brigadier-General GROVER,Donaldsonville:

The following information received from my advance at Boutte Station may be of some service to you. I have ordered Stickney not to commence reopening the road until I hear from you.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

BATTLE STATION, VIA JEFFERSON, July 14, 1863.

[Brigadier-General GROVER:]

I sent out a squad of cavalry this morning, who returned a short time since, bringing 2 prisoners from [E.] Waller's battalion of Texas cavalry. From the prisoners, examining them separately, I find that they keep a picket of about 25 men a the other end of Des Allemands Bridge, and have had a small post of 6 or 8 men a mile or two this side.

Between Des Allemands and Raceland there is nothing till you get close to Racelland, where the Waller battalion is stationed, about 250 men, with two pieces of artillery.

There is no artillery at Des Allemands, the two pieces there having been withdrawn. Our party went just over the bridge and got these 2 prisoners there. The balance retreated. Infantry can cross Des Allemands Bridge in single file; horses cannot cross the bridge.

Mounton is at Thibodeaux. There is a small force at La Fourche Crossing. Their force at Raceland is designed merely as a strong outpost. Their main force on Bayou La Fourche is above Thibodeaux.

