HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Port Hudson, July 14, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,Commanding Defenses of New Orleans:

GENERAL: The officers-prisoners sent to New Orleans--had their side-arms returned to them, after unconditional surrender, in consideration of their gallant defense. They are not paroled, and it was not intended that they should wear their arms. The major-general commanding desires that they kept under guard in some comfortable house or houses which you may select, and that, while keeping them in safe custody, you cause them to be made as comfortable as practicable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Port Hudson, July 14, 1863-9 p .m.

Brigadier General GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Commanding Post, Prot Hudson:

SIR: The commanding general has just gone to New Orleans for a day or two; directed me before his departure to inform you of the fact, and that he leaves Brigadier-General Stone as the senior officer present, in temporary command of the forces in this vicinity. The commanding general further desired me to communicate to you his direction that hereafter no citizen be allowed to enter our lines under any circumstances whatever; that all citizens now within our lines be given forty-eight hours from to-morrow morning to decide whether they will depart beyond our lines or remain within them unconditionally, and that, after the expiration of that time, no citizen be permitted to go beyond our lines under any circumstances whatever. The commanding general further directed that no more permits to go beyond the fortifications be granted to any of the Confederate officers, prisoners of war. All non-commissioned officers and privates of the Confederate army, who, having been paroled, return to our lines, will be sent under guard to the provost-marshal, who will send them to the provost-marshal-general at New Orleans.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PORT HUDSON, LA., July 15, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In reply to the communication from department headquarters, relative to paroled prisoners who have returned to our lines, I have to state:

1. That I have received no directions to have the oath administered, but, on the contrary, was verbally informed by General Banks that it was not expedient to administer that oath at present.

2. That I communicated the order received from department headquarters relative to the disposition to be made of the paroled prisoners who returned to our lines, and I am informed by Colonel Cickerning

41 R-VOL XXVI, PT I

