
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, Numbers 26. New Orleans, July 15, 1863.

So much of General Orders, Numbers 18, as directs that coffee-houses, stores, and shops of every description will be closed at 9 p. m., is for the present suspended, and they may be kept open, as was the case before this order was issued.

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

[W. D. WOOD,]

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JULY 16, 1863.-For two letters from Grant to Banks, in relation to affairs at Vicksburg, see Series I, Vol. XXIV, Part III, pp. 518, 519.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Port Hudson, July 16, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,Commanding Department of the Tennessee, Vicksburg:

GENERAL: By the steamboat Planet I send a large number of Confederate officers, prisoners captured at this place (189, according to the list inclosed). These officers have not been paroled, and are placed under the escort of a battalion of General Grierson's cavalry, returning to rejoin your command. General Grierson, with the remainder of his cavalry, will probably leave this post to-morrow on the steamboat Imperial, having in charge Brigadier-General Beall and certain field and staff officers. May I ask of you, on the part of Major-General Banks, who is temporarily absent, to forward these prisoners to the proper destination in the north? Yesterday brought us the welcome intelligence of the occupation of Natchez by General Ransom, of your command; and two transports, laden with beef-cattle, captured by him, have since been received here. The arrival of this beef is most opportune and acceptable.

There is nothing especially interesting to communicate concerning operations in this region since the last communication of the major-general commanding.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

[CHAS. P. STONE,]

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 172. Port Hudson, July 16, 1863.

* * * *

II. All the Confederate officers, prisoners, destined north, excepting Brigadier-General Beal and staff, will be sent on board the steamer Planet to-day before 2 p. m. Careful lists of these officers must be prepared and furnished to these headquarters before sailing. A battalion of Grierson's cavalry will be ordered on board as escort.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

