HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Port Hudson, July 17, 1863.

Surg. THOMAS J. BUFFINGTON,In Charge C. S. Army Hospital, Clinton, La.:

SIR: Your letter by flag of truce has been received. Your proposition to receive the sick and wounded of the late garrison of this place, and private for them at Clinton, has received my respectful attention, and it has been discussed with Surgeon Russell, C. S. Army, now in charge of those sick and wounded. Dr. Russell agrees with me that it would be dangerous to move most of these men, and that the remainder need certain medicines and supplies which are more easily obtained here than they would be in Clinton. While it is the desire of the United States authorities to do that which will most conduce to the speedy recovery of these men, it is believed that the course proposed of removing them at this time would not be the best for attaining that end. These sick and wounded are paroled and sent to their homes as fast as they become able to journey.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CHAS. P. STONE,]

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS WEST BANK MISSISSIPPI, Company Canal, July 18, 1863.

Brigadier-General EMORY,Commanding Defenses at New Orleans:

SIR: I have the honor to report that at 8 o'clock this a. m., a man, who came down the canal from the neighborhood of Thibodeaux, 44 miles above here, assures me that Major-General Mouton, of the rebel army, has his headquarters at that place, together with 25,000 men and nine batteries of artillery.

That this may not be true, I am not prepared to deny; however, I would respectfully suggest that with one or two good scouts I can ascertain the exact number and locality of the enemy should he be near us.

I am, general, with much respect, your obedient servant,

M. W. PLUMLY,

Commanding Troops West Bank Mississippi, at Company Canal.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Port Hudson, July 18, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT,Commanding Department of the Tennessee, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: During the temporary absence of the major-general commanding, I have had the honor to receive Colonel Lagow, of your staff, who arrived here this morning with a steamboat-load of sick and wounded prisoners. He was immediately dispatched to New Orleans, where he will doubtless receive all facilities for transporting his charge to Mobile, according to you wishes.

A portion of Grierson's cavalry has doubtless arrived to-day at your headquarters, having been sent on the Steamer Planet the day before yesterday. General Grierson himself, with most of the remainder of his command, leaves to-day on the steamer Imperial. By the same steamer and under the escort of Grierson's cavalry, are sent 22 commissioned

