
officers of the rebel army, prisoners, including Brigadier-General

Beall and staff. A list is inclosed.*

You will greatly oblige Major-General Banks by forwarding these prisoners up the river to such point as may have been designated by the War Department. A steamboat laden with cattle arrived here this morning from Natchez, forwarded by Brigadier-General Ransom. Our forces here are engaged in destroying the works of attack recently constructed for the reduction of the place, and in putting the lines in state of defense, so that a smaller force can maintain the position.

Hoping to soon receive cheering accounts of success on General Sherman's line of operations, and congratulating you most sincerely on the recent mark of recognition of your services by the Government, I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 174. Port Hudson, July 18, 1863.

* * * *

XII. Brigadier General Benjamin H. Grierson, commanding cavalry, will proceed with the Sixth and Seventh Regiments of Illinois Cavalry, and the First Illinois Battery, under his command, to Vicksburg, and will there report to Major-General Grant for duty in the Department of the Tennessee. It is with extreme regret that the major-general commanding sees this gallant officer and his brave cavalry leave this department, in which they have rendered such brilliant and useful service, but it is due both to commander and command that they should be no longer detained absent from their comrades of the Department of the Tennessee.

The major-general commanding, while tendering the General Grierson and his troops the thanks of the Nineteenth Corps, wishes for them in each future field of duty opportunities for maintaining the reputation they have so justly won, and for rendering to the Republic services which shall add new luster to her arms.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

[RICH'D B. IRWIN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF THE ORLEANS, July 18, 1863.

Brigadier-General GROVER,Commanding at Donaldsonville:

My advance is at Des Allemands Bayou, finishing the rebuilding of the brigade.

My pickets report that the enemy are intrenching at La Fourche Crossing.

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[JULY 18, M 1863.-For Banks to Grant, in relation to affairs in the Department of the Gulf, see Series I, Vol. XXIV, Part III, pp. 527.]

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

