
It is impossible for these civil officers to know what is right unless they remain in the adjutant-general's office and make themselves familiar with all the movements of the enemy, and I respectfully suggest that all power to give permits to trade, or of for provisions to be taken into either insurrectionary or what are called non-insurrectionary districts be placed exclusively in the bands of the military authorities.

I have found it necessary to assume this authority for a short time, and to stop all intercourse with those districts, but do not fell at liberty to continue this restriction on the action of these officers of the customs without referring the matter to you.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Port Hudson, July 20, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans:

GENERAL: I inspected the camps, hospitals, kitchens, &amp;c., of Ullmann's brigade this morning. They are getting into a pretty good state of police generally. Large mortality from dysentery and measles.

These is very considerable disaffection in some of the nine-months' regiments. Most of them think of nothing but getting home, without any regard to want of transportation. To-day one company of the Fiftieth Massachusetts mutinied and refused to do duty. The mutineers were promptly put under guard, and I have directed Brigadier-General Andrews to send them under guard to-day to New Orleans, to be sent to Ship Island for hard labor during the war, subject to your approval. At the same time I have selected the Fifty-second Massachusetts Regiment, in which there has been no instance of refusal to do duty, or of insubordination, for immediately shipment north, and, without any publication of the fact, have allowed it to be understood that the regiments are to be shipped in such order as to leave those who behave badly to go last. Most of Ullmann's brigade are unarmed. Shall the arms and accouterments of the nine-month's men be taken for them?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CHAS. P. STONE,]

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Port Hudson, July 20, 1863-4 p. m.

Major General N. P. BANKS,Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans:

GENERAL: The mutineers of Fiftieth Massachusetts Regiment having made their submission, Brigadier-General Andrews has restored them to duty. While I would not recommend such a course at this time, I do not deem it proper to change the order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CHAX. P. STONE,]

Brigadier-General.

