
at the same time make hostile a region now friendly. This region is one, too, which, from its position, it is important to have some friends in. Now the inhabitants freely bring information to us; if robbed, they will become a set of spies for the enemy, a that in dangerous position. I do not feel at liberty to countermand General Andrews' order, as he quotes your authority, but were I in command I should not hesitate to do so, as a measure of military policy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, July 21, 1863.

Admiral FARRAGUT:

Referring to our conversation last evening, and the newspaper complaint of injustice done to the navy at the defense of Donaldsonville, I desire to send you extracts of the only reports I have been able to make upon the subject, and beg, if you think it of sufficient importance, that you will communicate it to the brave officers who commanded the gunboats on that occasion, and will say to them that the reason why I have made no report is that Major Bullen never made any report to me, except his short telegraphic announcement of the repulse of the enemy, except his short telegraphic announcement of the repulsed of the enemy, and the reason of his making no report was that he was murdered by a miscreant a few days after the battle.

If any other reports than these have been made to headquarters, they have been made irregularly and without due authority. I only regret the sad event which has deprived me so far of the pleasure of making a detailed report of the brilliant affair at Donaldsonville.

If I should have that opportunity, I shall not fail to signalize the officers and ships that played so important a part in it.*

I have the honor to be, admiral, your obedient servant,W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Port Hudson, July 22, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans:

GENERAL: Colonel F. E. Claiborne, of Pointe Coupee Parish, is anxious to go to New Orleans, to have an interview with you for the purpose of arranging matters in his parish. He is frank and explicit, and states his conviction of the utter hopelessness of further resistance to the power of the Government; is ready to make his submission, and hopes to make such arrangement as shall save the parish from total and lasting destruction, while the Government shall be firmly established over the State. Shall I give him and a merchant of the same district who came with him a pass to you? The merchant's name is Hermann. Colonel Claiborne was a member of the Legislature, but declined to act as in longer opposite to the Government; was offered the nomination for Governor, but declined. I would respectfully recommend the inter-

---------------

*See Emory to Farragut, July 26, p. 656.

---------------

