
were ascending Red River, had abandoned the place and retreated to Natchitoches. The inhabitants were making preparations to leave town.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Port Hudson, July 23, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans:

GENERAL: A Frenchman, just arrived from the vicinity of Alexandria, reports that the rebel troops there, expecting troops from here, and learning that the gunboats were ascending the Red River, has abandoned the place and retreated to Natchitoches; that the gunboats had gone up as far as the mouth of the Black River; that the inhabitants of Alexandria were packing up to flee; that Texas cavalry was patrolling the Atchafalaya, opposite this. Thinking his statements will be interesting, I shall send him to you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CHAS. P. STONE,]

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 179. Port Hudson, July 23, 1863.

I. Forty of the sick and wounded prisoners now in hospital at this place, reported able to travel in ambulance, will be sent to-morrow under a flag of truce to Clinton, La., and turned over to the surgeon in charge of the Confederate hospital there.

The train will be accompanied by a Confederate Medical officer, and will be supplied with three days' rations and such medicines as may be deemed necessary by the medical director.

The flag will be escorted by a detachment of 12 men from Battery G, Fifth Artillery, under the command of Lieutenant Rawles of that company.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

[RICH'S B. IRWIN,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,July 24, 1863.

Major-General BANKS,

New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have nothing from you since the 8th. I suppose the first done by your army after the fall of Port Hudson was to clean out the Teche and Atchafalaya countries. That being accomplished, your next operations must depend very much upon the condition of affair.

Texas and Mobile will present themselves to your attention. The navy are very anxious for an attack upon the latter place, but I think Texas much the most important. It is possible that Johnston may fall back toward Mobile, but I think he will unite with Bragg.

