
recent victories, and Copperhead Secessionists at the north seem determined to do all in their power to discourage and prevent the draft.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Winchester, Tenn., July 26, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

GENERAL: I sen you herewith, by Colonel [Joseph C.] McKibbin, a map of Mobile and its fortifications, with a memorial in regard to the same, the information contained in which I consider of great importance to the Government.

The importance of the last clause, in regard to the manner of preventing a justion between the forces of Johnson and Bragg, is obvious.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,July 25, 1863.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Commanding Army of the Cumberland.

The accompanying map of Mobile* and the information following were obtained from Captain J. H. Bunch, of the Ninth Tennessee Volunteer Cavalry. Captain Bunch was seized in East Tennessee while trying to escape to our lines, and was conscripted into an Alabama regiment. This regiment was for a long time the garrison of Mobile, but afterward it was sent to Bragg. On Bragg's retreat from Tullahoma, Captain Bunch managed to escape into our lines, and he immediately raised a company in the Ninth Tennessee Cavalry. He seems to be a reliable an, and of an observing turn of mind. He has good natural ability and has apparently received a good education.

A serious attack on Mobile should be made from Pascagoula, 43 miles distant. The road from Pascagoula is sandy and good until within 8 or 10 miles of Mobile; here it becomes somewhat clayey. The road passes through open piney woods as far as Dog River; here the pines are mingled with thick water-oaks. This is the first place at which the rebels can attempt a stand. There are about 50 yards of marshy ground in the road and some rising ground on the north side. Between Dog River and the works are roads in all directions and many ditches and hedges. These afford excellent rifle-pits to either party. The forts inside of the line are in the city, and there are brick walls, houses, ditches, and hedges in close proximity.

The guns in the vicinity of Mobile are mostly 8 and 10 inch columbiads, obtained from Pensacola after the evacuation by the rebels. When Captain Bunch left, there were no guns mounted in the forts, but they were hauling some from the wharves.

Up the Alabama River are several forts - one at Irving Bluff, one at Choctaw Bluff one at Mount Vernon Arsenal. There is a ram at Mobile and one ram four gunboats at Selma. There later have never been at Mobile.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

