HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,July 26, 1863.

General HALLECK, General-in-Chief:

GENERA: I have the honor herewith to transmit for the use of your headquarters a map Winchester and vicinity, of Hillsborough and Pelham, and of Chattanooga.

All these maps were compiled in the field from information in advance of the movements of the army, and printed in the field by Captain William C. Margedant's process. They fit each other, and are on the uniform scale of 1 inch to the mile. I also send a local map of Manchester, Jasper, and vicinity, and the defenses of Mobile.* The Manchester map is from survey, and the other two are from information. A memoir accompanies the latter.

I should be glad to know exactly what maps in your office from this army, that I may supply the deficiency. The records of my office do not show what were issued prior to my incumbency.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. E. MERRILL,

Captain of Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,July 26, 1863.

Admiral FARRAGUT:

I send you, with the consent and approval of the general commanding this department, a copy of the report made by me,+ inclosing one made by Major Porter,++ of the fight made by the United States forces at Donaldsville.#

I send this in consequence of complaints having been made that the official reports did not properly recognize the important part taken by the gunboats in this affair. If other report have been sent to headquarters, they have been sent irregularly and without my knowledge.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[JULY 27, 1863.- For Grant to Banks, in reference to movement of troops, see Series I, Vol. XXIV, Part III, p. 553.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, July 28, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose for your information a copy of a dispatch of the 44th ultimo from M. M. Kimmey, esq., United States vice-consult at Monterey, Mexico.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Indorsement.]

Referred to General-in-Chief by Secretary of War.

---------------

* Omitted; unimportant.

+ See pp. 187-191.

++ See p. 202.

# See also Emory to Farragut, July 21, p. 650.

---------------

