
[Inclosure.]

UNITED STATES CONSULATE,

Monterey, Mexico, June 4, 1863.

Honorable WM. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I learn from some refugees, just in from Texas, that several guerrilla companies are being organized in that State, to operate on the frontiers of Kansas and Missouri. One of these companies is to be commanded by a notorious Missourians. My informant had forgotten his name. Since the successes of General Banks in Louisiana, all the troops from the western frontier of Texas have been ordered east. The line of the Rio Grande is now nearly deserted by the rebels.

General Magruger has removed all restrictions on the exportation of cotton and allowing all the liberty of shipping. The rebels are getting all they need from Mexico in the way of army supplies. What they lack from Mexico is landed directly on their coast, at the mouth of the Rio Grande. By the last mail from Matamoras, I learn that a steamer had just arrived there, loaded with goods for the rebels.

I am seldom without some Texas refugees on my hands. They come to me destitute of money and often nearly naked.

I sent off to Matamoras last week 10 men, who made their escape from the mountains and cedar near Austin. Some of these had not been with their families for over a year. They were dressed in buckskin, having shot the deer, tanned the hide, and cut and made it into clothing.

They report several hundred Union men hid in the same mountains. By a letter from a friend at Piedras Negras, I learn that 64 more had passed over the river and were on their way here.

Without any provisions being made by the United States Government I am unable to bear personally the express of so large a party. I have sent from here over 270 destitute Union men, of which the majority are [in] the regiments of Texas cavalry at New Orleans. Without a regular appointments as consul, and only acting under an appointment from C. B. H. Blood, I feel powerless to use the seal of the office, though I have done so in a few cases where a refusal would have been a serious injury to the party applying.

The commanding general of the Department of New Mexico and Arizona is depending on me for information as to the movements of the Confederates in Texas. I have just written him a letter of eight pages.

The French forces have taken Pueblo, and with it 18,000 Mexican prisoners. They are supposed to be now on the march toward the city of Mexico.

Your most obedient servant,

M. M. KIMMEY,

Acting Consul.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 183. New Orleans, July 28, 1863.

I. A board, to consist of Major General W. B. Franklin, U. S. Volunteers, Brigadier General P. Stone, U. S. Volunteers, Brigadier General W. H. Emory, U. S. Volunteers, Brigadier General G. Weitzel, U. S. Volunteers, and Major D. C. Houston, chief of engineers, will assemble in this city to-day at 10 a. m., to take into consideration the best mode of the defense for the city of New

42 R R - VIL XXVI, PT I

