
Orleans, the defensive works proper to construct on the Mississippi and Red Rivers within the limits of the department, with reference to the present war, and report fully its opinions on these subjects, as well as upon the proper positions for depots of ammunition and material, and the points most advantageous to be held in the event of war with a foreign naval power.

* * * * * * *

II. Major General William B. Franklin, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the First Division, headquarters at Baton Rouge.

The Second Brigade, First Division, will immediately take post at Thibodeauxville.

The Third Brigade, First Division, and the Third Brigade, Third Division, both now near Donaldsville, will proceed without delay to Baton Rouge, and take post at that place.

The Fourth Division, now near Donaldsville, will, with the exception of the First Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, be transferred to Camp Kearny, Carrollton, La., and reported tom Brigadier General W. H. Emory for duty in the Defenses of New Orleans. The First Regiment Louisiana Volunteers will occupy the post at Donaldsville.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 29, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS, New Orleans, La.;

GENERAL: I inclose herewith an extract from dispatch Numbers 113, from, United States consul at Liverpool. The contents are important, and should receive your immediate attention.

It occurs to me that the most proper defense against these rams would be earthen batteries, erected near Fort Jackson or Fort Saint Philip, and armed with heavy ordnance brought down from Vicksburg and Port Hudson.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[Inclosure.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to an extract from a very important dispatch, Numbers 113, received from the United States consult at Liverpool, in regard to the rebel rams now building at Liverpool, and which, it is said, are intended for an attack on New Orleans.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Sub-inclosure.]

UNITED STATES CONSULTANT, LIVERPOOL,

July 17, 1863.

Honorable WM. H. SEWARD, Secretary of State:

SIR: You will recollect the boy Robinson, from whom we obtained much information in the case of the Alabama.

