
2. First Division.- Company A, First United States Artillery, Captain Bainbridge, Baton Rouge; First Maine Battery, Lieutenant Badbury, Baton Rouge; Eighteenth New York Battery, Captain Mack, Baton Rouge; Sixth Massachusetts Battery, Captain Carruth, Thibodeaux.

3. Third Division.- Company F, First Artillery, Captain Duryea, Port Hudson; Fourth Massachusetts Battery, Captain Trull, Port Hudson; First Vermont Battery, Captain Hebard, Port Hudson.

4. Fourth Division.- Company L, First Artillery, Captain Closson, Camp Kearny; Company C, Second C, Second Artillery, Captain Rodgers, Camp Kearny; Second Massachusetts Battery, Captain Nims, Camp Kearny.

Battery G, Fifth Artillery, Second Vermont Battery, Twenty-first New York Battery, and Thirteenth Massachusetts Battery to remain for the present at Port Hudson as the light artillery of General Andrews' command.

Twelfth Massachusetts Battery, Fifteenth Massachusetts Battery, Twenty-fifth New York Battery, and Twenty-six New York Battery to remain as at present distributed by General Emory until the changes ordered in Department Special Orders, Numbers 183, are executed; then to be subject to such changes as may be deemed expedient by the chief of artillery, in co-operation with the commanding officer of the Defenses of New Orleans.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

U. S. FLAG-SHIP HARTFORD,

New Orleans, July 29, 1863.

Colonel ALBERT J. MYER,

Chief Signal Officer, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I desire to express to you my appreciation of the service of the Army Signal Corps, of which I learn you are the chief. The rapidity and accuracy with which signals are communicated have exceeded any impression I had hitherto formed.

I commenced to your most favorable notice Lieutenant Eaton, of that corps, who was served with me during the long period I commanded above Port Hudson. To his zeal, energy, and ability I am indebted for most valuable assistance. His gentlemanly and officer like deportment has won for him my esteem, and that of all the naval officers with whom he has been associated.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. S. PALMER,

Commodore.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 54. New Orleans, July 29, 1863.

I. Brigadier General Charles P. Stone is announced as chief of staff at these headquarters from the 25th instant.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

