
produce must not be bought with specie. All cotton or other produce brought hither from the Confederate lines by Brott, Davis, and Shonn will not be interfered with in any manner, and they can ship it direct to any foreign or domestic port.

GEORGE S. DENISON,

Special Agent of Treasury Dept., and Acting Collector of Customs.

Approved:

D. G. FARRAGUT,

Rear-Admiral.

I, Abel Dreyfous, notary public, duly commissioned and sworn, for the parish of Orleans and city of New Orleans, therein residing, certify the foregoing to be a true, faithful, and literal copy of the original document exhibited to me by Mr. Brott, and which I have signed and paraphed ne varietur, to identify it with the foregoing copy.

In testimony whereof I have granted this certificate, under my signature and the impress of my seal of office, at New Orleans, this 9th of March, 1863.

[SEAL.] ABEL DREYFOUS,

Notary Public.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, 19TH A. C., Numbers 57. New Orleans, August 5, 1863.

The commanding general takes great pleasure in communicating to the troops of this department the contents of the following dispatch this day received from the General-in-Chief:
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 23, 1863.

Major-General BANKS,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of July 8, announcing the surrender of Port Hudson, are received. I congratulate you and your army on the crowing success campaign. It was reserved for your army to strike the last blow to open the Mississippi River. The country, and especially the great West, will ever remember with gratitude their services.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, August 5, 1863.

Brigadier General W. H. EMORY,

Commanding Defenses of New Orleans:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you designate two regiments of the Fourth Division to proceed to Ship Island for temporary duty. The first regiment will be sent to-morrow morning on board the steamer Crescent, now rear the foot of Jackson street wharf. The second regiment will be sent as soon as the quartermaster's department shall have transportation prepared.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

[CHAS. P. STONE,]

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

