
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 6, 1863 - 12.30 p. m.

Major-General BANKS,* New Orleans, La.:

There are important reasons why our flag should be restored in some point of Texas with the least possible delay. Do this by land at Galveston, at Indianola, or at any other point you may deem preferable. If by sea, Admiral Farragut will co-operate. There are reasons why the movements should be as prompt as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

(Copy by mail.)

FORT HUDSON,

August 6, 1863.

Colonel FEARING, Commanding Third Division:

SIR: Lieutenant-Colonel Sergeant, Third Massachusetts Cavalry, reports that 200 to 300 of the enemy (mounted) are now between the Bayou Sara and Jackson roads, about 1 mile from our advance post. Lieutenant-Colonel Sergeant is ordered to report to you, and, if you find on examination that his report is correct, you will make arrangements to what information you have. Meantime you will have the position of your pickets changed, and caution them to be vigilant and to be prepared for an attack on the part of the enemy. The infantry of your command will be prepared to form line at short notice, and the pickets will be ready to start to their arms at once. Frequent patrols will be sent out from 3 to 7 a. m. to-morrow. You will not fail to take sufficient force to make success certain, of you attack, and on no account allow yourself to be surprised by an attack from the enemy. If the enemy is found to be in force, do not fail to inform me at once, making, meantime, active preparations to meet him. Keep patrols observing the enemy to-night. I think it not improbable that he is only reconnoitering, and that he will disappear before morning. However, be prepared for him in any event.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 191. New Orleans, August 6, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XIV. The regiments and companies called into the service of the United States for sixty days, by orders of Brigadier General William H. Emory, commanding the Defenses of New Orleans, will be immediately disbanded and mustered out of service.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Sent through Major-General Grant, Vicksburg, who was requested to give all assistance necessary to execution of the order. See Series I, Vol. XXIV, Part III, p. 578. See also Banks to Halleck, August 15, 1863, p. 682.

---------------

