SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 196. New Orleans, La., August 11, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XXII. The Defenses of New Orleans will continue to include Donaldsonville, and will extend from that point down the La Fourche to Napoleonsville and the canal leading from Bayou La Fourche at that point to Lake Venet, and from Algiers west to Bayou des Allemands. All that part of the La Fourche country south of Napoleonsville and west of Bayou des Allemands will constitute the District of La Fourche, and will be under the command of the commander of the Second Brigade, First Division.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

August 12, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of July 30 and August 1 are just received. I fully appreciate the importance of th operation proposed by you in these dispatches, but there are reasons other than military why those heretofore directed should be undertaken first. On this matter we have no choice, but must carry out the views of the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 12, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter referring to Fort Jackson and Saint Philip, and inclosing a copy of communication from England, relative to the possible operations of the enemy in this quarter. Immediate measures will be taken to carry into execution your instructions. Previous to the receipt of this letter, a commission, consisting of Major-General Franklin, General Stone, General Weitzel, and General Emory, instructed to take into consideration th whole subject of the defenses of new Orleans, visited Forts Jackson and Saint Philip on the 6th day of August, wit a view of determining what additional defenses were necessary at those points.

I have the honor to inclose a copy of the report. It is behaved that the conclusions arrived at by the commission will be substantially in conformity with the instructions contained in your letter. You may be assured that nothing will be omitted which is necessary for the perfect defense of that position. Requisitions have been made for the additional armament which is required, and sufficient labor will be employed to secure the early completion of the work. I need not say to you, however, that the defense on this department must be secured very largely by the co-operation of the naval forces. One or two iron-clads, at least, would be necessary for the defense of this point in case of immediate danger, and this portion of the river ought, under all circumstances, to be strongly protected by the naval forces. I earnestly recommend that measures be adopted to secure this co-operation.

