
and the points most advantageous to be held in the event of war with a foreign naval power.

The board will habitually hold its sittings in the office of the chief of engineers of the department, but may, if deemed by the board desirable, visit any point within the department, to make examination of positions.

The quartermaster will furnish all necessary transportation to the board while in discharge of its duties.

The junior member will record the proceedings of the board.

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ENGINEERS,

July 27, 1863 - 10 a. m.

The board met and organized in pursuance of the above order. All the members were present except Brigadier-General Weitzel.

The session was occupied in a general discussion of the subject.

Adjourned to meet at 10 a. m., July 28.

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ENGINEERS,

July 28, 1863 - 10 a. m.

The board met according to adjournment.

Present, all the members.

The board visited Algiers, the Chalmette fortifications, the company canal, Camp Prapet fortifications, and Fort Banks, to make examinations of positions.

Adjourned to meet at 10 a. m., July 29.

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ENGINEERS,

July 29, 1863 - 10 a. m.

The board met according to adjournment.

Present, all the members.

It is the opinion of the board that the city of New Orleans should be garrisoned by a force of 5,000 men.

Three redoubts should be constructed, respectively, at the termini of the Jefferson and Lake Pontchartrain Railroad, and the Bayou Saint John, and of the Pontchartrain Railroad, sufficiently large for a garrison of two companies each, and a redoubt of similar size on the Gentilly road, about 2 miles below the Pontchartrain Railroad. There should be a citadel large enough for a garrison of 5,000 troops, the line of parapet about 1,250 yards long, a field work of high relief, with a revetted scarf, the site to be chosen by the chief engineer, in the vicinity of the Chalmette line.

The works constructed by the rebels should be allowed to remain. The line along the company's canal, and the Camp Parapet fortifications, should be put into a state of defense, and all the guns mounted on siege or field carriages. The work, including the redoubts, now in process of construction for strengthening these lines, should be carried out.

A floating battery of at least ten heavy guns should be stationed in the river, in front of the city, at all times, and two floating batteries of light draught on Lake Pontchartrain. A road of communication should be made from the citadel to the Gentilly road. Adjourned.

