
On the evening of July 29, the board started up the river to examine all the positions within this department proper to be defended, and returned August 2.

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ENGINEERS,

August 4, 1863 - 10 a. m.

Board met according to adjournment.

All the members present.

In the opinion of the board, a permanent garrison of about 1,000 men at Baton Rouge will be sufficient, it being within supporting distance of Port Hudson.

At Port Hudson, the board recommend the construction of a system of detached works, connected by a line, the details to be arranged by the chief engineer of the departments; the garrison to be 2,500. The hill at Tunica Bend to be garrisoned by about 400 men, and the work a redoubt sufficient for this garrison.

A strong regiment should hold Plaquemine and Donaldsonville. at Bayou Sara, a gunboat should be stationed in the river.

The board is of opinion that at least a division of the troops on the east side of the river, with two regiments of cavalry, should be stationed at Clinton. This would greatly lessen the garrisons required at the points above mentioned, and the concentration of the troops would add to their discipline.

Red River.- A work should be erected at the west of Turnbull Island, and a garrison of 500 troops stationed there to command the entrance to the Atchafalaya and the mouth of Red River.

For the permanent control of the Mississippi River, the town of Alexandria should be occupied by a division of infantry, with a proper amount of cavalry and artillery, and an intrenched camp constructed, with a large supply of provision constantly on hand.

Berwick Bay.- A small field work should be constructed on the north side of Bayou Boeuf, about a half mile from the railroad depot, large enough for a garrison of 500 men. The system already adopted of stockades at all the crossings on the railroad should be carried out.

With reference to war with a foreign power, there should be a work at the mouth of the Atchafalaya River. The mouth of the Bayou La Fourche should be examined by the engineers, to ascertain whether works are necessary there. Fort Livingston should be armed and garrisoned.

It is also recommended that the work at Proctorville be completed, and a strong redoubt built on White Oak Ridge, about 800 yards east of it. Also a strong redoubt at Madame Ducro's sugar-house, about 4 miles from Proctorville, near the railroad, sufficient for a garrison of 1,000 men.

Adjourned.

August 6, 1863.

The board visited Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, for the purpose of examining them.

OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ENGINEERS,

August 7, 1863 - 10 a. m.

The board met according to adjournment. All the members present excepting General Stone.

The board recommends that there be added to the armament of Forts

