
i have thus given a hasty outline of my views, and respectfully submit the same to the commanding general.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., August 13, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: The inclose dispatch from the General-in-Chief of the army is just received.* I send it to you in all haste.

Lack of boats prevents my getting the Thirteenth Corps to you promptly. Can you not send me some boats from below for them?

Call on me for anything it is possible to serve you in.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Concord, August 14, 1863.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: It would be very gratifying to myself and the citizens of our State if another effort could be made by the Government to relieve the Union citizens of Texas by the re-enforcement of General Hamilton as brigadier-general and Military Governor, and the organization and departure of a military force for that department sufficient to place the State completely under the control of Union soldiers and citizens. My knowledge of General Hamilton's sufferings and services for the Union cause makes me feel very solicitous that, on his account, and on account of those he represents, as soon as the military situation will admit, a Texas military expedition may be set on foot and carried to a successful consummation.

If any plan can be devised for raising troops specially for that service in New England, I shall cheerfully and earnestly lend it my sympathy and co-operation, and trust that the President will not fail to favor and authorize it without delay as soon as the public service will justify it.+

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. GILMORE,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., August 14, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: General Ord is now here, and not having heard from his family for forty days, and, when he did hear, they were among strangers, his wife and two children sick, he has asked me for permission to go up the river to Cairo to learn something from them by telegraph if he can, and, if not, he will go on or send an aide until something can

---------------

* See Halleck to Bands, August 6, 1863, 12.30 p. m., p. 672.

+ Reply, if any, not found.

---------------

