
be learned. General Ord will not absent himself except in the most imperative necessity, and, in that case, will endeavor to return before any field operations can possibly take place with his corps.

Captain [Joseph C.] Audenried has just returned, bringing your dispatch of the 10th instant.

Johnston's forces, under the immediate command of Hardee, are still on the Southern Railroad; the cavalry at Brandon, principally, and the balance scattered from there to Enterprise, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad; most of them, however, in one camp in the pine woods, 40 or 50 miles east of Jackson. Their principal occupation seems to be to collect deserters and conscripts. Johnston's force after his retreat from Jackson is said to have fallen off to 10,000 men, and, no doubt, they were so demoralized that half of their number could have put them to flight. Now, he must be better off, both as to numbers and morale. I do not believe, however, that he could get together 30,000 men, exclusive of the Mobile force.

Johnston's cavalry were to have crossed to the west side of Pearl River yesterday; probably did. Their object is to suppress a movement now being made by the citizens to bring the State back into the Union; to pick up deserters, and to run off negroes.

I have no cavalry force to operate with. My whole cavalry force with this army,including escort companies with general officers, and that belonging to the Thirteenth Corps going to your department, does not exceed 2,000 effective men, and 1,000 of them are penetrating the north, in co-operation with a force I ordered to be sent from La Grande, Tenn., for the purpose of collecting and saving, if possible, the rolling-stock cut from the enemy by the destruction of the Big Black Bridge. They will go on through to Memphis, and will not probably return here for a mouth. I am much in need of cavalry, and regret exceedingly that I have not got more to send to you.

I am, general, very truly, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 24. Vicksburg, Miss., August 14, 1863.

I. The divisions of this corps will hereafter be known as the First, Second, Third, and Fourth.

II. The division commanded by Major General C. C. Washburn will be known, as heretofore, as the First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.

III. The division known as the Army of the Frontier, Major General F. J. Herron commanding, will henceforth be known as the Second Division Thirteenth Army Corps.

IV. The Twelfth Division, commanded by Brigadier General A. P. Hovey, will hereafter be known as the Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps,.

V. The Tenth Division, Colonel Landram commanding, will be known as the Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.

VI. The cavalry will form a separate brigade, under Colonel John J. Mudd, chief of cavalry. All reports of escort companies or mounted orderlies may belong, or directly through Colonel Mudd.

By order of Major General E. O. C. Ord:

WALTER B. SCATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Asst. Adjt. General, Thirteenth Army Corps.

