
the service of the United States, found in this dress, within the limits of this command, will be immediately arrested and confined in the provost prison.

By command of Brigadier-General Emory:

[D. S. WALKER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 16, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith copies of Paragraphs XIX and XXIV,* of Special Orders, Numbers 200, of yesterday's date, from these headquarters, reorganizing the Nineteenth Army Corps, and assigning Major General W. B. Franklin to the command.

The orders being rendered imperatively necessary by the arrival of the Thirteenth Corps in t his department, and by the operations in view, I respectfully request that the assignment may be confirmed by the President, from its date.

I have, at the same time, the honor to inclose for your information list of the regiments and batteries assigned to the Nineteenth Corps, showing the organization by brigades and divisions.+

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Numbers 200. New Orleans, August 15, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XIX. The troops comprising the Nineteenth Army Corps will be organized as follows:

First Division, to be commanded for the present by Brigadier General Goodfrey Weitzel.

First Brigade, to be commanded by Colonel N. A. Dudley, Thirtieth Massachusetts, and to comprise the present First and Third Brigades of the First Division, as follows: Thirtieth Massachusetts, Colonel Dudley; Second Louisiana, Colonel Paine; One hundred and sixty-first New York, Colonel Harrower; One hundred and seventy-fourth New York, Colonel Permele; One hundred and sixteenth New York, Colonel Love.

Second Brigade (the present Third Brigade, of the Third Division), under the command of Colonel Oliver P. Gooding, Thirty-first Massachusetts.

Third (Emory's) Division, to be commanded for the present by Brigadier General F. S. Nickerson.

First Brigade (Nickerson's), as at present organized.

Second Brigade, to be commanded by Brigadier General James W. McMillan, and to be organized as at present, with the addition of the Twenty-sixth Massachusetts, Colonel A. B. Farr, now serving in the Defenses of New Orleans.

---------------

* For Paragraph XXIV, see extract from Special Orders, Numbers 200, p. 684.

+ See Special Orders, following.

---------------

