
Fourth (Grover's) Division, to be commanded for the present by Brigadier General W. H. Emory.

First Brigade, to be commanded by Colonel Henry W. Birge, Thirteenth Connecticut, and to consist of the following-named, regiments:

Thirteenth Connecticut, Colonel Birge; Ninetieth New York, Colonel Morgan; Ninety-first New York, Colonel Van Zandt; One hundred and fifty-ninth New York, Colonel Molineux; One hundred and thirty-first New York, Lieutenant-Colonel Day.

Second Brigade, to be commanded by Colonel Thomas W. Cahill, Ninth Connecticut.

Ninth Connecticut, Colonel Cahill; Thirteenth Maine, Colonel Rust; Twelfth Maine, Colonel Kimball; Fifteenth Maine, Colonel Dyer; First Louisiana, Colonel Fiske.

The present Second Brigade of the First Division will be designated by its former title of the Reserve Brigade, will be commanded by the senior colonel, and will, for the present, be attached to the Defense of New Orleans, occupying the District of La Fourche.

The Commander of the Defenses of New Orleans ill, for the present, continue to report direct to department headquarters.

The light artillery of the several divisions will continue as at present assigned, until further orders.

The cavalry of the Nineteenth Corps will reported as follows:

The Third Massachusetts, now at Port Hudson, and Fourth Wisconsin, now at Baton Rouge and Plaquemine, to the corps commander; the First Louisiana, at Thibodeaux, Second Rhode Island, under orders to move from Baton Rouge to Thibodeaux, First Texas, at New Orleans, and Fourteenth New York, at New Orleans, to the commandeer of the Defenses of New Orleans; the Third Massachusetts, Fourth Wisconsin, and First Louisiana will be kept concentrated. All details for orderly duty will be furnished by General Emory from the Fourteenth New York, Cavalry, in the proportion of 1 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 11 privates to each division, and such number for corps headquarters as the corps commander may call for.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, August 16, 1863.

Major-General GRANT,

Commanding Department of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter, inclosing a dispatch from Major-General Halleck, by the hand of Colonel Thomas Kilby Smith, last evening at 9 o'clock. Colonel Smith had considerately forwarded a copy of the dispatches from Port Hudson by telegraph, which were received at 9 a. m.

I beg you will accept my thanks for the tender of your assistance. I shall call upon you freely, assured as I am, from our intercourse since I have been in this department, that whatever you can you will do to assist us.

There will be no delay in making the movement suggested by the Government. As soon as General Ord's command can reach us, we shall be ready. I shall move, I hope, within a week.

