
equipments, carbines, and sabers for the negroes who will be enlisted in this service. Once in Texas, mules and horses will be abundant, but the equipments are indispensable.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

New Orleans, August 17, 1863.

Captain Shunk,

Chief of Ordnance:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward you a list of the light batteries of the Thirteenth Army Corps that have already arrived at Carrollton, with the number of rounds of ammunition on hand with each piece.

In regard to the English rifle, caliber 3.50, there are, I believe, but eight in the country, and all the country, and all the ammunition that there is for them is at Saint Louis Arsenal. There who have used the James rifle campaign very much of the James projectile, but have found no trouble with the Hotchkiss, and very much prefer the latter.

As soon as the remaining batteries of the corps arrive, I will furnish you with a list of guns and the amount of ammunition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

[Inclosure.]

Light batteries in the Thirteenth Army Corps, now at Carrollton, with the number of rounds of ammunition on hand with each.

HERRON'S DIVISION.

Battery F, First Missouri Artillery; Fourth English rifles (iron), caliber 3.50; two James rifles (bronze), caliber 3.80; 320 rounds to each of the English rifles; 120 rounds to each of the James rifles.

Battery E, First Missouri Artillery: Four 10-pounder Parrotts; two English rifles (iron), caliber 3.50 ; 303 rounds to each Parrott; 200 rounds to each english rifle.

Battery B, First Missouri Artillery: Four 12-pounder howitzers; two 12-pounder guns; 70 rounds to each howitzer; 128 rounds to each 12-pounder gun.

WASHBURN'S DIVISION.

Seventh Michigan Battery: Six 3-inch ordnance guns; 144 rounds to each gun.

LEE'S DIVISION.

Battery A, First Missouri Artillery: Three 12-pounder howitzers; one 12-pounder Napoleon; two 6-pounder guns; 67 rounds for each howitzer; 103 rounds for the Napoleon gun; 191 rounds for each 6-pounder gun.

Second Illinois Battery: Three 6-pounder guns; one 12-pounder howitzer; 200 rounds to each 6-pounder gun; 128 rounds to the 12-pounder howitzer.

