
Second Ohio Battery: Four James rifles, caliber 3.50; two 12-pounder howitzers (bronze); 187 rounds to each rifle; 132 rounds to each howitzer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 19, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corp, Baton Rouge:

SIR: The commanding general directs that you place your corps in readiness for immediate service. The convalescents and non-effective men will be separated from the effective force, organized into companies and battalions, and enrolled for service in the Defenses of New Orleans. You will have the officers and men required by existing orders to be transferred to the invalid corps so transferred without delay, and concentrated and organized subject to future orders. The troops will be put in the lightest possible marching order, taking only shelter-tents for the men, and the smallest possible number of tents for the officers.

In the movement, three days' cooked rations will be taken.

No baggage will be transported, but will be forwarded to the troops after they reach their destination.

Please acknowledge the receipt of these orders and report their execution.

The foregoing is communicated by order of Major-General Banks.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Major General E. O. C. Ord, or commanding general Thirteenth Army Corps, Carrollton.)
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 19, 1863.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery:

SIR: I have the honor to communicate, by direction of the major-general commanding, the following orders for your guidance:

Brigadier General Richard Arnold, chief of artillery, Colonel S. B. Holabird, chief quartermaster, and Major D. C. Houston, chief engineer, are hereby appointed a board to consider and arrange transportation for an immediate movement of the troops. The board will upon its duties at once, and will meet at such time and place as the senior member may indicate.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

August 20, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of the 12th instant is just received. The report on the Defenses of New Orleans, said to have been transmitted with it, is not received.

