
so completely, is the most conclusive evidence I have yet had of the scarcity of supplies in the Gulf States, and I deem the fact of sufficient importance to make it known to you, and to suggest that it be communicated to the command general.*

I am, sir, respectfully, very hastily, your obedient servant,

W. M. WALKER,

Captain, U. S. Navy.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

August 24, 1863.

Major-General BANKS, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have just received a duplicate of your letter of the 12th instant, inclosing a copy of the reports of a board of defense.

The Engineer Department will furnish funds so far as it may be able; beyond that we shall be obliged to resort to the Quartermaster's Department, &amp;c.

I fear the Ordnance Department may not be immediate able to fill your requisitions for heavy ordnance. You must supply the deficiency by taking large guns from port Hudson and Vicksburg. I think General Grant can also spare some from Island Numbers 10, as that place has now become unimportant. It is hoped that no time will be lost in occupying some point or points in Texas, as directed in my previous dispatches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General SHEPLEY,

Military Governor of Louisiana:

GENERAL: You are authorized to grant passes to such persons as you see fit, to travel or without the lines of the army. Wherever officers are appointed by you to discharge the functions of any civil office, thenceforth the authority of provost-marshals and assistant provost-marshals in relation to the same subject, under the Provost-Marshal-General, will be confined to persons connected with the army and to military and political offenses.

Yours, truly,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 24, 1863.

Brigadier General GEORGE F. SHEPLEY,

Military Governor of Louisiana:

GENERAL: Information has reached this Department that the loyal citizens of Louisiana desire to form a new State constitution, and to re-establish civil government in conformity with the Constitution and laws of the United States. To aid them in that purpose, the President directs the following instructions to be given you:

1. You will cause a registration to be made in each parish in the

---------------

* Original found in the files of Department of the Gulf.

---------------

