
State of Louisiana of all the loyal citizens of the United States in the parish, as soon as it can conveniently be done after the people are relieved from the presence of the rebel troops, and included within the lines occupied by the armies of the United States. This registration to include only such as shall have taken or shall take an oath of allegiance to the United States, accompanied by a declaration that the oath was taken freely and voluntarily for the purpose of reorganizing a State government in Louisiana loyal to the United States.

2. When this registration is made as far as practicable, you will order an election to be held on a day fixed, not less than thirty days from the date of the proclamation of such election, for delegates to a convention of the loyal people of the State, for the purpose of forming a constitution and re-establishing a civil government in the State, loyal to the United States, and in conformity with the Federal Constitution and laws, and for the passage of all needful ordinances and laws.

3. This convention will be called on a basis of representations which shall allow one delegate for every 2,500 of the loyal citizens aforesaid in each parish, as shown by the census of 1860, giving at least one delegate to each parish, and one delegate for each fraction of people in any parish over 1,250.

4. You are authorized to appoint the officers necessary to complete such registry, to preside at the elections, to receive, sort, count, and make returns to you votes and of the persons elected. The returns will be opened by your, and you will make proclamation of the persons elected, notifying them to appear at the time and place of holding the convention.

5. Further instructions will be given, if required, in the course of these proceedings.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Numbers 210. New Orleans, August 25, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XVIII. The services of Brigadier General William H. Emory being required with troops preparing for field service, he is hereby relieved from the command of the Defenses of New Orleans, and will report to the commander of the Nineteenth Army Corps, by whom he will be assigned to a command.

Colonel E. G. Beckwith, U. S. Army, is assigned to the command of the Defenses of New Orleans, and will relieve Brigadier-General Emory.*

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE GULF, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, August 26, 1863.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The steamer Hudson, arrived yesterday, brought duplicate copy of the order of August 6, received earlier by telegraph from

---------------

* Colonel Beckwith assumed command August 26.

---------------

