
The severity of the conscription, as well as the success of our arms, has led to demoralization, and, in some instances, to open revolt in the rebel districts. Deserters bring in a report to-day that a collision occurred between disaffected Texans and the troops under command of General Mounton near New Iberia, which resulted in the death of General Mounton. This is probably incorrect, but it is repeated in so many forms and from so many sources that the fact of disaffection or revolt can hardly be questioned.

I hope to move by Monday, at furthest. The first object will be quickly attained.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. GEN'S OFFICE, Numbers 382. Washington, August 26, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XXI. Major General E. o. C. Ord, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed to join his corps in the Department of the Gulf without delay.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 9. Baton Rouge, La., August 28, 1863.

I. Brigadier General W. H. Emory having reported to these headquarters, in pursuance of orders from headquarters department, is hereby assigned to the command of the Third Division.

* * * * * * *

VII. Brigadier General F. S. Nickerson is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade, Third Division.

VIII. The following-named batteries will be immediately reduced to four-gun batteries, as enumerated below, in order to render them efficient for field service: Company A, First U. S. Artillery, two Napoleons and two 3-inch rifle guns; Company F, First U. S. Artillery, four Napoleons; Eighteenth New York, four 20-pounder Parrotts. The Eighteenth New York Battery will have 8 horses to each gun and caisson.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major-General Franklin:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

August 28, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your dispatches of the 15th and 16th are just received.

The Navy Department has been requested to direct Admiral Porter to send to the Atchafalaya the gunboats asked for.

