
General Grant was delivered to give all the re-enforcements in his power; this, of course, includes cavalry. Cavalry equipments have been ordered both to New Orleans and Vicksburg for mounting infantry. No re-enforcements of any kind can possibly be sent to you from the Northeastern States at present. You will not base any calculation upon receiving any for some time to come.

Be cautious in moving on the Rio Grande. it should be your effort to get between the armies of Kirby Smith and Magruger. Should they united and get between you and Grant, or between you and New Orleans, they may give you much trouble.

Your note in regard to reports in New Orleans respecting French intentions only confirms what we have already received from other sources. While observing every caution to give no cause of offense to that Government, it will be necessary to observe the movement of its fleet, and to be continually on your guard.

You will readily perceive the object of our immediately occupying at least some part of Texas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 28, 1863.

Rear-Admiral DAVID D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron;

ADMIRAL: I find it necessary to request you most earnestly to give me the assistance of some of your gunboats to keep up uninterrupted communication on the Mississippi River, and assist in keeping marauding bands and detachments of the enemy at a distance.

There is great need of patrolling boats along the river, from the mouth of the Red River to College Point, and urgent need of light-draught armed boats for the lakes and bayous in the country west of the Mississippi.

With a few of your tin-clads in these waters, I should be able to operate during impending movements of importance with much more freedom from anxiety and vastly less risk to the public service than I can without them.

I hope it may be in your power to comply with my request, and that with the promptitude which has always characterized your movements.

General Andrews, commanding at Port Hudson, was instructed yesterday to send you information concerning the movements of the rebels on the right bank of the Mississippi. From subsequent information, their force in that quarter is supposed to be considerable.

Very respectfully, I am, admiral, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, August 28, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: The great want of an increased cavalry force in this department, and the hope of organizing a sufficient number of regiments

