
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 7, 1863.

Mr. Preston Pond,jr., in the name of the people of Clinton, protests against the irregular warfare pursued by men he calls guerrillas. He does not seem to be opposed to the war for the overthrow of the Government, at least his letter does not show that. Now, it is not material to the United States whether the war against its authority is pursued by regular or irregular courses or parties. Whoever they are or in whatever form they appear, they must be overthrown, and the country that supports them put in resistance to them, or else disabled from providing them with supplies. It is very natural, when the commanding officer at Port Hudson finds that his position is threatened, and his men captured by men pursuing irregular courses of war, as is stated, that he should determine to make an invasion of the country where they are, and from which they get their supplies.

The remedy is for the people of this section to re-establish the government and to take arms for the defense of their own homes and their own property. Whenever they do that, the Government of the United States will not only assist them, but will give them the power, which Mr. Pond now thinks they do not possess, of accomplishing this result.

Until the inhabitants of the rebel districts assume this position, they must expect that the Federal troops will not only not protect, but they may look for the destruction of their property by them. It is impossible that we can allow officers and soldiers to be murdered by the men haunting these districts under the plea that the people of the country disapprove of the manner in which they wage war.

It is not known at these headquarters whether such a movement is in contemplation or not. It is not probable, however; but if there should be cause for it, I do not see that the commanding general can forbid its execution.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 7, [1863.]

Respectfully referred to commanding officer Port Hudson. Please see within indorsement.

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAL LIEBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Port Hudson, La., October 8, 1863.

Respectfully returned. I know nothing of the matter referred to by Mr. Pond. He has probably paid too much attention to unauthorized threats.

GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Corps d'Afrique.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 65. New Orleans, August 31, 1863.

I. The court of the city of New Orleans, styled the provost court, exercising the functions of a military court, and assuming jurisdiction over the persons of officers and soldiers of the United States, Judge

