
Captain Foust, Company F, First Missouri.-Four English rifles, caliber 3.50, two 10-pounder Parrotts, caliber 2.90.

Foster's First Wisconsin Battery.-Four 30-pounder Parrotts.

If possible, I wish Company F, First Missouri, to turn in the two Parrotts, and take in their place two 12-pounder howitzers.

I have requested that the ordnance officer of the corps be directed to report to you, and state how much ammunition he will require from you to make up 200 rounds per gun, with the almost packed in the ammunition chests.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 12. New Orleans, September 2, 1863.

I. The First Brigade, First Division, with the light batteries already designated, will embark immediately on the transports now lying at Baton Rouge, as follows:

Steamer General Banks, One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers, and horses of officers entitled to draw forage; steamboat Arago, Thirtieth Massachusetts and Second Louisiana Volunteers; steamboat Iberville, One hundred and sixteenth New York and One hundred and seventy-fourth New York Volunteers.

At New Orleans, the troops on board the Arago and Iberville will be transferred to the transport Alexander.

Steamer Pocahontas, Third Division, First Brigade, One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, and Battery F, First Artillery; steamer North America, Fourteenth Maine, One hundred and sixty-second New York, and One hundred and tenth New York.

Horses of officers entitled to draw forage, on steamer Belvedere; second Brigade, steamer Crescent, Twenty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers and First Texas Cavalry; steamer Continental, Eighth New Hampshire, One hundred and thirty-third New York, and One hundred and seventy-third New York.

Horses of officers entitled to draw forage, and board Belvedere; steamer Exact, First Vermont Battery.

II. The troops will carry three day's cooked rations in their haversacks. Ten days' additional rations will be embarked on each boat, of which three days' rations must be easily accessible.

* * * * * *

By order of Major-General Franklin:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 57. Carrollton, La., September 2, 1863.

* * * * * * *

XVIII. The First and Second Brigades, First Division, will be prepared to embark from here on Friday morning by sunrise. Transports will receive them near the railroad depot. They will take one day's cooked rations in their haversacks. The wagons belonging to these two brigades will load early to-morrow with ten day's rations, and proceed to

