
New Orleans. They will there cross the river to Algiers. The rations will be loaded upon the cars to-morrow night, so as not to delay the troops on Friday morning. The wagons belonging to the two brigades will remain at Algiers for the return train, when they will be forwarded.

The First Wisconsin Battery will proceed to New Orleans to-morrow with twelve days' rations, two days' being cooked, and will cross to Algiers ad load their guns on the cars to-morrow night, the horses on Friday morning. They will take 500 rounds of ammunition for their Parrott guns, and wagons enough to haul ten day's rations and their ammunition. Each brigade will take wagons at the rate of one wagons to 80 men.

* * * * *

By order of Major General C. C. Washburn:

WALTER B. SCATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 3, 1863.

Major-General BANKS,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your two dispatches of the 26th ultimo are just received. The sea-going steamers asked for some days ago were immediately ordered by General Meigs. The Navy Department was also requested to send you light-draught gunboats from the Upper Mississippi. General Grant has been directed to give you all the aid in his power. I have suggested to the Quartermaster's Department to ship horses to you down the Mississippi River.

In regard to absence of officers, of which you complain, the rule established here is to give no extensions unless especially recommended by the general commanding the department. In many cases you give leaves, with permission to apply to the Adjutant-General for an extension. This is not deemed a recommendation by you. I call your attention to this matter, as officers come north with a leave of twenty days, under the expectation of an extension. Hereafter no extensions will be given without you written recommendation. Too many officers are absent from their commands on private business. At this time all able to do duty should be in the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 3, 1863.

Major-General WASHBURN,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, Carrollton, La.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department desires that you dispatch as rapidly as practicable the First Division of the Thirteenth Army Corps to the point selected as a camping ground by Major [William H.] Morgan, of your staff, in the neighborhood of Brashear City. The troops will move in the light marching order directed in recent orders, and fully prepared for continued field service.

The major-general commanding also desires that the heavy battery, verbally ordered yesterday, shall immediately proceed to Brashear City,

