
where it will remain for the present under the immediate orders of the commander of the Defenses of New Orleans. The movement of this battery had better precede that of the First Division.

The commander of the First Division, on his arrival at the camping ground selected, will put himself in communication with the commanders at Brashear City and Thibodeauxville, but will not be considered as forming any portion of the forces of the Defenses of New Orleans, excepting in case of emergency, when, of course, he would take such steps as the good of the service might seem to require.

The First Division will be regularly reported to you as commander of the corps.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 66. New Orleans, September 3, 1863.

I. The trade of the city of New Orleans with Cairo, Saint Louis, and the cities and towns of the Upper Mississippi, the Missouri, and Ohio Rivers is hereby declared free from any military restriction whatever. The trade of the Mississippi at intermediate points within the Department of the Gulf is held subject only to such limitations as may be necessary to prevent the supply of provisions and munitions of war to the enemies of the country.

II. The products of the country intended for general market may be brought into the military posts on the line of the Mississippi within the Department of the Gulf without restraint, viz, at New Orleans, Carrollton, Donaldsonville, Baton Rouge, and Port Hudson.

III. Officers and soldiers of the army are hereby directed to transfer to the Honorable B. F. Flanders, agent of the Treasury Department of the United States, or his deputies, taking receipts therefor, all captured, abandoned, or sequestrated property not required for military purposes, in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 88, of the Department of War.

IV. The military court of this department is hereby invested with exclusive jurisdiction in all cases of extortion, excessive or unreasonable charges, or unjust treatment of officers and soldiers of the United States army by proprietors or agents of steamboats or other vessels in the navigation of the Mississippi or the Gulf; and upon conviction of any of the offenses herein described, the offender shall be held liable to fine, imprisonment, or confiscation of property.

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

U. S. S. CONESTOGA,

Mississippi River, September 4, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 28th ultimo. Admiral Porter, to whom I have forwarded it, is expected down daily, and I have no doubt will be able to afford you all the assistance necessary. The great obstacle at present is the bar at the junction of the Mississippi and Red Rivers, upon which

