
NEW YORK.

Major George W. Stackhouse, 91st Infantry.

Colonel Elisha B. Smith, 114th Infantry.

Lieutenant David Jones, 116th Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Fowler, 156th Infantry.

Lieutenant Stephen C. Oakley, 162nd Infantry.

Lieutenant John Neville, 162nd Infantry.

Lieutenant Colonel Abel Smith, jr., 165th Infantry.

Major A. Power Gallway, 173rd Infantry.

Lieutenant Samuel H. Podger, 173rd Infantry.

Captain Harmon N. Merriman, 177th Infantry.

WISCONSIN.

Captain Levi R. Blake, 4th Infantry.

Lieutenant Daniel B. Maxson, 4th Infantry (at Clinton, La.).

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Richard B. Irwin, Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, of affair at Springfield Landing.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Before Port Hudson, July 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with instructions, I visited Springfield Landing early this morning for the purpose of making an investigation of the circumstances attending the affair at that place of yesterday morning. I inclose a sketch,* rude but pretty accurate, of the locality. As the result of my inquiries, I respectfully report that, as nearly as can be ascertained, the enemy's cavalry, in some force, having surprised the picket of the One hundred and sixty-second New York, stationed on the old Springfield Landing road, made a dash at the Landing by that road, at half past 8 or 9 o'clock yesterday morning; that he approached to within 150 yards of the road and to within about 30 yards of the negroes before any alarm was given; that from that distance he charged upon the squad of 30 armed negroes who were guarding some quartermaster's stores belonging to Ullmann's brigade; that these colored troops, being thus taken completely by surprise, and being in their tents, rushed to the adjoining woods; that the enemy, setting fire, by means of turpentine, to the quartermaster's stores, divided into at least three parties, sending, first, 50 men straight down the road to the Landing; second, another force of about 50 men among the negro huts in the rear of the young cottonwood grove on the right of the road; and third, a force, said to be about 100 men, up the road toward the hill.

The first detachment dashed down the road toward the river, turned sharp to the right, along the trail which keeps the edge of the young cottonwood, and made toward the ordnance depot, the quartermaster's office, provost-marshal's officer, and sutler's shop. The officers and employes in that neighborhood rushed on board the Suffolk, which put out into the stream, and steamed up to the head of Profit's Island. The provost guard, consisting of 32 men, commanded by Captain A. J. Hersey, Sixteenth New Hampshire, made fight from behind the levee, and drove the enemy off, killing 3, including a captain, and wounding 5 of their number. Captain Hersey's loss was 3 wounded, 3 prisoners, and 1 missing. The second force did no harm beyond terrifying the negroes. It was joined by the first detachment passing through the young cottonwood grove by the trail in rear of the provost-marshal's

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

