
been almost entirely unproductive. We are, therefore, much weaker here than we were at this time last year, while Lee's army is probably as strong as before the battle of Gettysburg. Instead of send in any troops away, I have been strongly urged to bring re-enforcements from the Mississippi to protect Maryland and Pennsylvania from a threatened attack. I hope, however, that the necessity may not arise.

In regard to Colonel Lowell's regiment, I need simply to mention the fact that it is the only one we have for scouts and pickets in front of Washington. If taken away, there is none to replace it.

I hope that in a few weeks more the draft will put a different face upon matters here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C.,

September 8, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 16th, asking for an additional regiment of cavalry, is just received.

You have already been informed that no more troops of any kind can now be sent to your department, and that you are authorized by the Secretary of War to raise in that department such number of troops, infantry our mounted, as you think the necessity of the service requires.

In this great war, when every resource of the Government must be employed upon the most important points, the commanders of frontier departments, remote from the more active thereafter of operations, must make every exertion to economize material and men. Everything possible should be spared to strike th enemy at the vital points.

The number of troops now stationed in the frontier departments and Territories is much larger than in time of peace, and yet nearly all the commanders are asking for large re-enforcements; both are entirely beyond the reach of the enemy; no extraordinary circumstances are known which required additional troops. New Mexico and Arizona, being near Texas, may be partial exceptions. But at this time there can be no reasonable apprehension of any invasion by the rebels from that State. They are likely to have sufficient occupation at home.

Under existing circumstances, I must strongly urge you to economize your force, and to limit your demands as much as possible. I am fully aware of the importance of exploring and opening up for mining and settlement that vast region of country that separates the Mississippi Valley from the Pacific States. But at the present time we have not the means of doing this. All the military forces we can possibly raise are required to operate against the rebel masses which are threatening the very existence of our Government. It is true that we have had great successes within the last two months, but the reduction of our armies by expiration of terms of service has prevented us from fully profiting by these successes. To detach more troops from these reduced armies, at present, to operate in the frontier Territories, and thus risk all we have gained, would expose the Government to severe and well-merited censure.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

