
OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

New Orleans, September 8, 1863.

[The following is a] list of batteries of artillery of the Nineteenth Army Corps, to accompany the expedition now organizing in this city:

Reserve Brigade.-Company A, First Artillery, two Napoleon and two 3-inch rifles.

First Division.-Company L, First Artillery, four Napoleons and two 10-pounder Parrotts; Sixth Massachusetts, four Napoleons; First Maine, four Napoleons.

Third Division.-Company F, First Artillery, four Napoleons; Fourth Massachusetts, four Napoleons and two 3-inch rifles; First Vermont, six 3-inch rifles.

Reserve Artillery.-First Indiana Artillery, four 30-pounder and four 20-pounder Parrotts; Eighteenth New York Battery, four 20-pounder Parrotts; Second Massachusetts (Horse Artillery), six 6-pounder rifles.

Recapitulation.-Twenty two Napoleon guns, four 3-inch rifles, six 6-pounder rifles, two 10-pounder Parrotts, eight 20-pounder Parrotts, four 30-pounder Parrotts.

DEPT. OF THE GULF, U. S. MILITARY TELEGRAPH,

New Orleans, September 8, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that since January 15, 1863, there has been constructed in this department 108 miles of telegraph line; of this, 14 miles, built for camp purposes before Port Hudson at the commencement of the siege, has been removed, leaving 94 miles of new line.

From December 15, 1862, to January 15, 1863, there was constructed 57 miles; including this, there has been constructed in this department, since you assumed command, 151 miles. In addition to the above, there has been 93 miles of old and partially destroyed lines repaired, amounting in the aggregate to 244 miles constructed, repaired, and working.

During this time the old line have been thoroughly repaired, and insulation and instruments made more perfect.

The whole length of line in the department is 510 miles, connecting Carrolton, Bonnet Carre, Donaldsonville, Baton Rouge, Port Hudson, Pass Manchac, Lakeport, Fort Macomb, Fort Pike, Algiers, Quarantine, Fort Jackson, Southwest Pass, Boutee, La Fourche, Thibodeaux, Bayou Boeuf, Brashear City, and New Orleans. Twenty-three operators and assistants are employed in the above offices.

The city lines of New Orleans are repaired in good condition, and working satisfactorily. The cost of working these lines has been decreased, and will be rendered still less expensive to the city as soon as practicable.

I have received 70 miles of new wire and 4,000 insulators; old material has been used for much of the construction and repairs.

New instruments have been furnished by the quartermaster's department only sufficient to open new offices and guard against accident or the destruction often caused by atmospheric electricity in this latitude.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. BULKLEY,

Captain and Asst. Quartermaster, Asst. Supt. U. S. Mil. Telegraph.

46 R R-VOL XXVI, PT I

