HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Algiers, La., September 15, 1863.

Captain WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I must again call the attention of the general commanding to the gross neglect on the part of the commissaries assigned to the brigades of my division.

My troops are positively suffering from their carelessness, inattention, and almost constant absence. They give as a pretext orders from the chief commissary of the army in the field, or of the corps, and in one case the commissary of the Field Brigade produced such orders, a copy of which I have already sent you.

Yesterday Battery F, First Artillery, was obliged to send to town to get rations. I respectfully suggest that the usages and the convenience of the service be followed, and that no orders be given to the commissaries and quartermasters of this division, unless they go through these headquarters. In this came connection I wish to state that one of these brigades has had no issue of fresh meat since the 23rd of August.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[W. H. EMORY,]

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp at Algiers, September 15, 1863.

General McMILLIAN,

Commanding Second Brigade:

In accordance with instructions from corps headquarters, the commanding general directs that you move your brigade to-morrow morning to Brashear. The train will be ready for the baggage at 8 a.m ., and for the troops shortly afterward.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[D. S. WALKER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 68. New Orleans, September 15, 1863.

The mounted forces of this department will constitute a cavalry division, under command of Brigadier General A. L. Lee, chief of cavalry. He is charged with the efficiency and discipline of that arm of the service, and his orders will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

All regiments and detachments serving with other command will be considered as but temporarily detached, and will, in due course, promptly forward to him reports required by existing orders and regulations, in addition to those required by their immediate commadning officers.

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

