
You will carry to him my earnest request that, if in his power, two or more good iron-clad gunboats and at least three or four of his tinclads may be sent here for co-operation. At this moment, such an addition to our forces would be invaluable.

To Major-General Grant, you will present regards, and my hope that he is rapidly being restored from his late injuries, and will express my hope that he may be able to strengthen us promptly by the re-enforcement of cavalry and infantry proposed by him for this quarter, and with all his attention to the fact that my information, recently received, seems to show that the enemy are evacuating Southwestern and Central Arkansas, to strengthen Texas against any movement we may make against that section. In case such information should prove correct, a large force of our troops would be set free, under General Steele and Davidson, a large portion of which troops I would hope might be rapidly forwarded here to counterbalance the enemy's re-enforcements from that quarter against us.

If these views should coincide with those of Major-General Grant, you will please point out to him the importance of collecting a large amount of river transportation, to be ready at a convenient point of the river, for the rapid transfer from such point to this.

You will also request Major-General Grant to send to this place any heavy rifled guns, such as Parrott 100-pounders, which he can spare, for the more efficient armament of the forts on the various approaches to this city.

You will please be as expeditions as possible, and having properly represented these matters to the two commanders, and possessed yourself fully of their ideas upon them, will return, and report in person at these headquarters.

You will please report by letter during your absence, by every safe opportunity, giving account of your progress.

Very respectfully, I am, captain, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., September 19, 1863.

Colonel CHRISTOPHER CARSON,

Commanding Expedition against the Navahoes, Fort Canby, N. Mex.:

COLONEL: By custom of service, no officer who is not competent to order a general court-martial can order a court of inquiry, excepting in the case of an enlisted man, when a colonel commadning a regiment may order the court (De Hart, 272,273). You will, therefore, annul all proceedings of any such court in the case of Lieutenant Hodt.

Non-commissioned officers must not be reduced to the ranks within your regiment by any person's order but your own. The Regulations must be your guide in all such matters, or the discipline of your regiment will be bad.

I recommend, unless you can produce the same results by more gentle measures, that you seize 6 of the principal men of the Zuni Indians, and hold them as hostages until all Navahoes in and near their village are given u, and all stolen stock surrendered. You will assure the Zuni Indians that if I hear that they help or harbor Navahoes, or steal stock from any white man, or injure the person of any white man, I will as certainly destroy their village as that the sun shines.

