
I have received the report of your operations in the vicinity of Canon de Chelly. If any Indians desire to give themselves up, they will be received and sent to Fort Wingate, with a request that from that post they be sent to Los Pinos. No Navajo Indians of either sex, or of any age, will be retained at Fort Canby, as servants, or in any capacity whatever; all must go to the Bosque Redondo.

You are right in believing that I do not wish to have those destroyed who are willing to come in. Nor will you permit an Indian prisoner once fairly in our custody to be killed, unless he be endeavoring to make his escape. There is to be no other alternative but this: say to the, "Go to the Bosque Redondo, or will pursue and destroy you. We will not make peace with you on any other terms. You have deceived us too often, and robbed and murdered out people too long, to trust you again at large in your own country. This war shall be pursued against you if it takes years, now that we have begun, until you cease to exist or move. There can be no other talk on the subject." As winter approaches, you will have better luck. I send your reports to Washington.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 19, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,

Brashear City:

SIR: Lieutenant Colonel J. G. Chandler is announced as chief quartermaster of the troops in the field during the existing campaign. He will continue to perform the duties of chief quartermaster Nineteenth Army Corps.

By command of Major-General Banks:

[G. NORMAN LIEBER, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 20, 1863.

M. FAUCONNET, Consul of France, New Orleans:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your note of this day, requesting that the corvette Colbert, commanded by Captain Youbert, may be permitted to pass the quarantine station without detention. Receiving, as entirely correct, your statement that the vessel is without contagious disease, I am, nevertheless, obliged to decline compliance with your request. The preservation of the health of New Orleans is, in a military point of view, one of the most imperative duties, and this requires a strict observance of the quarantine regulations, and it is the more binding upon me now to insist upon their observance, and I have declined to English, Spanish, and American vessels permission to pass except upon full compliance therewith.

with sincere regret that I find myself unable to comply with your request, I remain, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

