
Captain Bulkley has the material for blowing up the obstructions, and will go once to Franklin if you desire it. Please answer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 24, 1863-8.15 p. m.

Major-General FRANKLIN, Berwick City:

GENERAL: Your two telegrams received. The major-general commadning desires that you use discretion abut advancing your force until obstructions in Teche be removed and the troops under Washburn cross. While rapidity is desirable, the movement should be secure. Please inform me where your advance holds itself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CHAS. P. STONE,]

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, September 24, 1863.

Colonel FISKE,

Commanding First Louisiana Volunteers and Donaldsonville:

COLONEL: Brigadier General S. G. Burbridge has been ordered to proceed with a force to a point on the left bank of the Mississippi River, a little above or opposite to your post, as may be deemed not advisable, with the object of dispersing any force of the enemy collected in that region. You will please give all possible assistance and information; furnish him guides for the country in which he is to operate, and, in case of need, such forces as you may be able to spare from Donaldsonville. It is supposed that you have many men in your regiment well acquainted with the country about Galveston and New River, and will be able to furnish good guides to General Burbridge's command.

It is the desire of the major-general commanding that you leave nothing undone which will forward the expedition.

Very respectfully, I am, colonel, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Numbers 427. Washington, September 24, 1863.

* * * * *

X. Brigadier General Fitz Henry Warren, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Department of the Susquehanna, and will proceed without delay, at the expiration of his present leave of absence (10 days from the 28th instant), to Baton Rouge, La., and report in person to Major-General Banks, commanding Department of the Gulf, for duty. His adjutant-general will accompany him.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

