
letter of August 15 of protection, but the said colonel said his orders were of later date. Now, this colonel was entreated not to take the said hands from Government place of protection. His headquarters are at Bonnet Carre Point, some 16 miles above this place. You will attend to this matter immediately, as the hands taken are men we cannot do without.

JNO. L. MURPHY,

Manager of Mayronne, Taylor, and Payne Places.

TAYLOR PLANTATION,

Parish Saint Charles, La., September 25, 1863-5 a. m.

Captain G. W. COZZENS:

DEAR SIR: Last night about 8 o'clock a lieutenant, or captain, representing himself as colonel of the Sixteenth Regiment, Native Guards, took away 23 of our best men, two carts, and 6 mules from Payne plantation. He was intoxicated. When we showed him our protection, he cursed all the men represented therein. He has not left a man able to work on the plantation. We cannot do anything until we get them back. Let us know what to do in respect to this affair, and oblige, your obedient servant,

P. FLANIGAN.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,September 26, 1863.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

SIR: I learn that, with abut 6,000 men for duty, the Nineteenth Corps have three hundred and fifty wagons for the expedition.

I have 15,000 men for duty 20,000, including sick, &amp;c., and but four hundred wagons. My men have been accustomed in the sieges to fire away much ammunition, and I should like to carry 240 rounds of ammunition, at least, for infantry in wagons, and 400, all told, for artillery. To do this will take nearly all my wagons. With one hundred wagons from the Nineteenth Corps, leaving them two hundred and fifty, and giving me five hundred, I could manage the ammunition excepting for the 30-pounders, and 200 rounds might do for them, and wold then have a smaller proportion of wagons than the number of my men would entitle me to by one hundred and twenty-five wagons-that is, if the Nineteenth Corps has two hundred and fifty wagons for 6,000 men, I ought to have six hundred and twenty-five wagons. I beg to call attention to the unnecessary large number of wagons which the cavalry of my corps still have, considering the necessities of the infantry and cavalry.

Yours, respectfully, &c.,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

New Orleans, September 26, 1863.

I have the honor to furnish, for the information of the chief of ordnance, Department of the Gulf, the following list of the artillery of the Thirteenth Army Corps:

