
yesterday by the enemy and to-day by an impenetrable crowd of contrabands.

3. That all the able-bodied contrabands at Springfield Landing, needed for work there, be enrolled, organized, and kept for that purpose; that all such who are not needed for work there be turned over to Colonel Hodge for work on the approaches; and that all non-effective men and all the women and children be sent immediately to New Orleans.

4. That the cottonwood grove be cleared at once and entirely of all negroes, and policed.

5. That the camp of the One hundred and sixty-second New York be then moved to the levee, and that the regiment there encamp in line of battle, arms stacked, left resting on the main road. The sentinels of the police guard are then in plain sight of the reserves of the outposts.

6. If the contrabands cannot be sent to New Orleans at once, I suggest that they be moved to Profit's Island at once, for I am satisfied that no military post can exist in the constant fear of such a tumult as I witnessed to-day.

7. That the 50 men of the One hundred and sixty-second New York, whom General Dwight has detached to picket the road leading from his commissary store to the Plains, be immediately relieved, and returned to their regiment.

I shall make the conduct of the Second Rhode Island Cavalry the subject of a special investigation to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RICH'D B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf.

Numbers 4. Reports of Captain John C. Palfrey, U. S. Corps of Engineers, of operations July 5-6.

BEFORE PORT HUDSON,

July 6, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the work in the trenches yesterday:

The work in front of Captain Bainbridge's battery advanced about 20 yards. The parallel before priest-cap was extended to the left about 11 yards. The zigzag was filled with sand-bags, to protect the work on a shaft. The heavy rain of the night prevented much work. The shaft to run obliquely under enemy's salient was commenced. This was directed, instead of a vertical shaft with enveloping galleries, as shorter though more dangerous.

The embrasure for Parrott guns in parallel not finished, and progressing slowly.

Left cavalier finished and occupied. Right one nearly finished, and injured constantly by enemy's 24-pounder gun. To-morrow morning the following working parties should report as follows, at 6 a. m.:

One hundred men in rear of Captain Bainbridge's battery, to work on approach in front of that position.

