
and second congressional district of Louisiana, liable to military duty, have been enrolled for general military service, in accordance with the provisions of the law of conscription, passed by Congress, so far as it may be applicable to this department. Proper publication will be hereafter made of the number of troops required for this purpose, and the time and manner of their selection. The conscription will not be held to embrace those well-disposed persons who, in the event of capture by the enemy, would not be entitled to the full immunity of soldiers of the United States.

II. The organization of one or more volunteer regiments, to be designated the "New Orleans Volunteers," whose services will be limited, by the terms of enlistment, to the protection and defense of New Orleans, is hereby authorized. Volunteers for this service will receive a bounty of $100, $25 of which, one month's pay, will be advanced when the volunteer is mustered into service for the war. Captain C. W. Kilborn, provost marshal of the city of New Orleans, is charged with the immediate organization and command of the first regiment; Captain R. W. Brown, provost-marshal of the parish of Jefferson, is authorized to organize and command the second regiment. The first regiment will be recruited and organized in the city of New Orleans, excepting the fourth district, and the second within the limits of the parish of Jefferson and the fourth district of New Orleans.

III. Able-bodied men of color between the ages of twenty and thirty years, employed upon Government or private plantations, will be detailed for military service in the Corps d'Afrique, upon order of the commission of enrollment. No officer or other person is allowed to recruit men for any special regiment of that corps, and every officer recruiting for this corps under this order will be required to exhibit authority for his acts, signed by the superintendent of recruiting, and approved by the commission of enrollments. Substitutes will be received in cases where the labor of the recruit is specially required, and exemptions allowed in cases of necessity, upon application to the commission of enrollment, but by no other person or authority. Arrangements will be made to secure the crops of the season, and laborers will be furnished, as far as practicable, to supply the vacancies occasioned by the execution of this order. The first duty of those engaged in the cultivation of the soil is to protect it from invasion, and those whose interests are inconsistent with a vigorous defense of the department, or who are indifferent to the invasions of a pubic enemy, can have no rights which the Government is bound to respect.

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 244. New Orleans, September 29, 1863.

* * * * * *

IV. Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, having reported at these headquarters, in compliance with Special Orders, No 261, Headquarters Department of the Tennessee, is assigned to duty with the Thirteenth Army Corps, and will report in person to Major-General Ord.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

