
[Inclosure F.]

BARRANCAS, FLA.,

September 9, 1863.

Colonel HOLBROOK:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the proceedings of the recent scouting party to Pensacola under my command:

After leaving this place on the night of September 7, I proceeded direct to the vicinity of Pensacola. Arriving near there, I ordered Lieutenant Parker to go with the main body to the old Spanish fort, and remain there, while I, with 4 men, proceeded to reconnoiter the city. Owing to a misunderstanding of my order, Lieutenant Parker went to Fort McCellan, instead of Spanish fort, and I did not discover him or his party until after daylight, when it was too late to rectify the mistake. Consequently I joined him there, where we secreted ourselves, and awaited the approach of any scouting party of the enemy. About 12 m. we discovered 9 horsemen approaching on the Oakfield road. They were armed with the common carbine, and appeared to be engaged in the same kind of business that we were, viz, scouting.

They passed quite near us, but I did not deem it expedient to halt them, for I concluded that, if I ordered them to stop,they wold be quite apt to put spurs to tier horses, in which case I should have felt bound to fire at them, to say the least; therefore, I allowed them to pass by into the city. I immediately detached Lieutenant Parker with 15 men to the east part of the town, while I followed the enemy with the remainder. They were not aware of my approach until I came upon them suddenly at the house of Mr. Morino, where they were apparently resting their horses. As resistance would have been worse than useless, they surrendered as soon as asked. The party consisted of 1 captain (Campbell), 1 lieutenant ([J. C.] Boylston), and 6 privates, all of the Fifth Alabama Cavalry. After securing the prisoners, I returned to camp with my party in good condition and the best of spirits.

At the house of Mr. Morino I met Captain Wade, of the bark Arthur, and, as I considered myself and those who were with me grossly insulted by him, I deem it necessary to make and affidavit of the facts in the case, all of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to remain, sir, most respectfully, yours, to command,

MAHLON M. YOUNG,

Captain Seventh Vermont Volunteers.

[Inclosure G.]

I, Mahlon M. Young, captain Company H, Seventh Vermont Volunteers, to make the following affirmation, viz:

By order of Colonel Holbrook, commanding troops in West Florida, I proceeded to the vicinity of Pensacola, Fla., on the night of September 7, 1863, with a scouting party of 25 men. I reached Pensacola just before daylight on the morning of the 8th, and concealed my party in Fort McClellan, just outside the town. Abut 12 m. we observed a party of rebel cavalry approaching; they passed quite near us, and went into the city. I followed them with a party of my men; at the same time I sent the remainder of my party, under Lieutenant J. V. Parker, Seventh Vermont Volunteers, to the east part of the city, for the purpose of cutting off their retreat. I found the enemy at the house of Mr. MoriNumbers I came upon them suddenly, ordering them to surrender,which they immediately complied with. As I was securing the arms of party, Captain Wade, of the bark Arthur, came out of the house at

