
the same time Lieutenant Parker joined me with this detachment. Captain Wade appeared much excited; inquired the strength of my party, and asked what business I had to come inside of the town with an armed party; said I was a damned coward for doing so; that I did not know the usages of war, and if he had a few marines he would protect the rebel party and drive me from the town. At the same time he gave orders to one of his men to go on board the Arthur and have the officer in charge send him 25 marines immediately, armed and equipped. After giving the order, he turned to me, saying, that if I took the men away it would be "over his corpse." I asked him if he had received a communication from Colonel Holbrook to the effect that he intended sending an armed party to Pensacola or vicinity upon that day. He replied that he had, but he wished me to inform Colonel Holbrook that he took no notice of his communication, nor did not recognize it. He frequently taunted myself and Lieutenant Parker with the epithet of coward, and his language when addressing either of us was as abusive as his demeanor was ungentlemanly.

MAHLON M. YOUNG,

Captain Seventh Vermont Volunteers.

BARRANCAS, FLA.,

September 9, 1863.

Then personally appeared the said Mahlon M. Young, captain Seventh Vermont Volunteers, and made oath and subscribed to the above.

GEO. W. SHELDON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure H.]

BARRANCAS, FLA.,

September 9, 1863.

I, Jackson V. Parker, first lieutenant Company B, Seventh Vermont Volunteers, do make the following affirmation, to wit:

By order of Colonel William C. Holbrook, commanding troops District of West Florida, on the night of the 7th of September, 1863, in company with Captain M. M. Young, Seventh Vermont Volunteers, and a scouting party of 25 men, proceeded to Pensacola, Fla., where we arrived about daybreak, September 8, 1863. We took possession of Fort McClellan, where we remained secreted until about 12 o'clock, at which time we saw 9 Confederate cavalrymen approaching, who passed by us into the city. As soon as said cavalrymen had gained the right position, I proceeded with a part of the force, by orders of Captain M. M. Young, and took a position to cut off the retreat of said cavalrymen. Captain M. M. Young, with the rest of his force, proceeded into the city in pursuit of the enemy' found and captured them in front of Mr. Morino's residence. I immediately joined him with my party; found Captain Wade, of the bark Arthur, at Mr. Morino's, and heard him make several unbecoming and indecent remarks to Captain Young, of the following character: "You are a damned coward; give my compliments to Colonel Holbrook, and tell him for me that you are all damned cowards; you should not take those men," referring to the cavalrymen; "I will protect them. I have sent for 25 marines, and if you take those men, you will have to do it over my dead body, and also over the dead bodies of 25 Jacks. I will show you that 25 marines can within 30 army soldiers. You don't know the usages of war." He said to the rebel captain, "It

