
Three hundred men at Captain Cox's battery, to work on main approach of General Grover.

One hundred men at navy battery, to finish covered approach to Captain Mack's battery.

Two hundred men to Colonel Johnson, at his camp near Slaughter's house.

These men may be either white or black.

Respectfully,

JOHN C. PALFREY,

Captain of Engineers.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BEFORE PORT HUDSON,

July 7, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the work done in the trenches yesterday:

The sap in front of Captain Bainbridge's battery was advanced about 42 feet.

The parallel of General Grover's main approach was extended to the left about 65 feet. This was attempted at evening by a flying sap, and some difficulty was experienced in making the workmen stay in so very dangerous a situation. No work was done in the zigzag approach. The shaft toward the salient of priest-cap was carried about 27 feet in. A new approach was started from the parallel toward the south salient of priest-cap. The cavaliers were finished, except plank steps for the marksmen to stand on, the timber for which was received. The embrasure for gun on left of cavalier, and gun was to go in last night.

To-morrow it is proposed to continue approach in front of Captain Bainbridge's battery; to continue parallel to the left, and boyaux toward south salient of priest-cap, and shaft toward enemy's salient; to put steps in cavaliers, and complete, as far as possible, steps and loopholes in parallel; to clear out and widen approach to Captain Mack's battery, and start an approach from there to lead into our parallel near priest-cap; to make a parallel in front of Colonel Johnson's approach.

For this the following working parties should report at 6 a. m. on the 8th, as follows:

One hundred men in rear of Captain Bainbridge's battery.

Three hundred men at Captain Cox's battery.

Two hundred men at the navy battery.

Two hundred men at headquarters of Colonel Johnson, Twenty-first Maine Volunteers.

I also respectfully request that 500 colored troops may make 2,000 fascines, and collect them at the material depot near Captain Cox's old battery.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN C. PALFREY,

Captain of Engineers.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

