
the enemy is on the west of Atchafalaya, excepting between 300 and 400 cavalry. They have one or two small steamers and two scows. I think the report from Franklin's scouts, as to the arrival of Walker's division, correct. We had the arrival of that force reported as having occurred at Alexandria, four days since. Green expected them to have co-operated with him in his attack here, and was disappointed.

There is a large gunboat, drawing 9 feet, heavily clad, and pierced for sixteen guns, at Shreveport, waiting for her armament.

Walker's force is reported as being the advance of a force formed by the junction of his and Price's. Unless something occurs to change my intention, I expect to-morrow, under cover of a cavalry reconnaissance, to bring in all of Norwood's cotton which is ginned, and to burn the remainder.

I send down by the Iberville all the wounded of the affair at Fordoche; also the men belonging to the howitzers, and 26 head of beef-cattle collected in my reconnaissance of yesterday.

The effective strength of my command is, on round numbers, now 1,400 infantry, 225 artillery, and 100 cavalry.

Respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Carrollton, October 3, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, Headquarters, New Orleans:

GENERAL: My chief quartermaster and the one intrusted with charge of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, by my order, and under my special supervision, made out estimates and requisitions to replenish the corps supply with a good allowance of quartermaster's stores, mules, horses, clothing, camp and garrison equipage, &amp;c., and I learned that it is expected these things will be taken from the corps and turned in to general depot here. The horses have nearly all been turned over to General Lee or his cavalry. I have no objection to sharing my supplies, when other quartermasters are accidentally out, with a fair prospect of the return of the favor; but, general, the staff of my corps and myself have taken great pains and trouble to get these articles, did so without the aid of any one, and now to have depots where we ought to get supplies taking ours is rather an encouragement to their omissions, and none to our providence.

I sent for these supplies nearly two months ago, and, had the quartermaster sent them promptly would have been fit for the field without asking for a nail here.

I hope, general, you will leave orders that my staff be not called on to turn over these supplies.

Respectfully, yours, &c.,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

If the views of Colonel Holabird are understood at these headquarters, he is desirous that the Thirteenth Army Corps should keep its own depots.

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

