
Guards, under active and efficient officers, should be supplied from the brigade at Franklin to the steam transports navigating the Bayou Teche, these guards to be relieved each trip of the steamboats.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your obedient servant,

[CHAS. P. STONE,]

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

VERMILLION,

October 9, 1863.

Colonel BECKWITH:

The Nineteenth Corps reached Vermillion Bayou this morning. The First Texas Cavalry and a regiment have already crossed; bridges are being constructed, and the force will cross to-night. There has been sharp skirmishing, which resulted in the retreat of the enemy. Some prisoners have been captured. Loss of the enemy not ascertained. Lieutenant-Colonel Cowan, of the Third Texas Cavalry, wounded in the leg, but not seriously. The Thirteenth Corps advanced from New Iberia to-morrow. Send copy to Colonel Holabird.

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Bayou Vermillion, October 9, 1863.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The Bayou Vermillion has been crossed at two places by Franklin's troops, and our cavalry is reported skirmishing with that of the enemy at the town of Vermillionville. The major-general commanding desires that you advance with the troops about New Iberia, leaving one strong regiment and 100 of the cavalry now with you at the head of navigation, to cover the line of operation as much as practicable. You will please commence your movement at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning, and take the most direct route to the bridge at this place. You will please leave as many empty wagons as possible, to bring forward rations as far as they arrive for your corps, and, having seen your command well started on the road, with a good rear guard to prevent straggling, will please come rapidly forward, and report in person to the major-general commanding.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 92. Near New Iberia, La., October 9, 1863.

* * * * *

VI. The portion of the Fourth Division (excepting the brigade detached*), under General Burbridge, and the Third Division, under General McGinnis, will move forward early to-morrow. The Fourth

---------------

*Landram's, directed to remain at Franklin.

---------------

