HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Vermillion Bayou, October 11, 1863.

Brigadier General RICHARD ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding, being very solicitous for the forts defending the approaches to New Orleans, and desiring that the new armament provided for the principal permanent works shall be promptly put in an efficient condition, directs that you proceed without delay to New Orleans, and thence to Forts Jackson and Saint Philip, there to superintendent the mounting and equipping of the new heavy armament, and the provision and convenient arrangement of the proper amount of ammunition for the several classes of guns.

He directs that you shall also give such instructions as you may find necessary to the commanders of the forts concerning the instruction of their respective garrisons in artillery, and in the care and management of munitions and other material. These instructions will not, of course, be given without conference and agreement with the commander of the Defenses of New Orleans. You will also visit Forts Pike and Macomb, and perform the same duties in reference to them as to Forts Jackson and Saint Philip. The visit to Forts Pike and Macomb will succeed that to Jackson and Saint Philip.

You will please report frequently to these headquarters the progress of the work indicated, and make such suggestions as your professional experience may dictate. All work should be carried on in harmony with the officers of engineers and ordnance.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Vermillion Bayou, October 11, 1863.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department having left the field for a few days, the command of the troops in this portion of Louisiana devolves temporarily upon you. Major-General Franklin holds at present the Opelousas Mail road, at the crossing of Carrion Crow Bayou, the whole of the Nineteenth Army Corps in the field being with him.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Carrion Crow Bayou, October 11, 1863-4.45 p. m.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I send to headquarters 3 men, who, I believe, are deserters from the rebel army, and have taken the oath of allegiance, and 1 man who was captured on the day we crossed Vermillion Bayou. I do not know whether the last is a spy or a legitimate prisoner of war, and can

