
get no evidence against him. He ought, however, to be well looked after. The guard with these men will take them to New Iberia, and deliver them to the commanding officer there, if you think that course necessary, but I have thought that you could probably place them in charge of some men who would be going to New Iberia on other duty, so that my men may be returned.

Nothing has been heard or seen of the rebels since my dispatch of 12.30 p. m. General Taylor was with the other rebel generals whom I mentioned as being here last night.

My ammunition train has arrived, but provisions are getting scarce. I hear no loud complaints about water so far.

Respectfully, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps.

[P. S.] - The signal officer informs me that he will have communication opened with headquarters of the major-general commanding in a few minutes.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 11, 1863.

General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL; I learn that there is a mill here which can be used to grind meal for my men, and that the corn there is being taken for horses.

Some of my command have been out of rations and dependent on meal some days, and I now have not more than two days' rations, which, if possible, ought to be held in reserve, as the Red Chief brought up but little, and the flat stuck near Franklin. Shall I sent the mill going, making meal?

Yours, truly,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Vermillion Bayou, October 11, 1863.

General FRANKLIN:

Your dispatch from Carrion Crow Bayou, 12.30 p. m., has been received. The major-general commanding has no special instruction for you beyond what will naturally occur to you, viz, to hold your position in that quarter, and ascertain as much concerning the country in your front and on your flanks as possible, and to keep these headquarters well informed of what may transpire, with such suggestions as may occur to you.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

[CHAS. P. STONE,]

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 255. Vermillion Bayou, La., October 11, 1863.

* * * * *

VI. 1. The Thirteenth Army Corps will move forward to within easy supporting distance of the Nineteenth Army Corps as soon as the con-

