
dition of the supply departments will admit of such movement, and under the same circumstances the two corps will move forward to the vicinity of Washington, La., care being taken that the line of operations be not too long for safe supply before new water communication shall be established.

2. The chief quartermasters of the Thirteenth and Nineteenth Army Corps will immediately adopt measures, under the direction of the corps commanders, for seizing all the available horses suitable for cavalry or mounted infantry within the safe reach of the forces in the field. The seizures must be made by officers of the quartermaster's department, who will be held accountable to the corps commanders for all property seized for the use of the army, and receipts for the same will be furnished to the owners thereof.

By command of Major-General Banks:

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,October 12, 1863.

General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I am quite indisposed to-day; fell feverish, &amp;c., and will send all applications and other matters of importance which my staff cannot properly attend to you for action. Will you please dispose of such? Will you please also notify General Franklin of the condition of affairs here and the prospect of our remaining a few days here? I will direct Colonels Lucas and Mudd to report to you. Please post them. Lucas has not come in. He reported to and remained with Franklin.

I have given Citizen Chargois permission to organize a patrol, and sent Maloney to town to see if more guards is required. Let me know if any important news comes from front or rear, and come and see me if you can.

Yours, &c.,

ORD.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Carrollton, October 12, 1863.

Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps:

I have the honor the arrival of this division here yesterday morning. I am fitting it for field service as rapidly as possible. In nine regiments and three batteries we have only ten medical officers for duty to supply regiments, &c. And for the duties of medical director, &c., there are 5 medical officers of this division at the convalescent camp. This cripples us very much, and apparently places an unnecessary number there.

Can we not have those of ours sent back from there?

Respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

