HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, October 16, 1863.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Troops in the Field, Vermillion Bayou:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Lee, chief of cavalry, proceeds to-day to the field to take command of the cavalry forces. He has caused to be forwarded 300 sets of horse equipments and about the same number of horses, for the purpose of mounting and equipping additional infantry. The major-general commanding desires that you designate the infantry to be temporarily mounted, and afford General Lee all possible facilities for increasing the mounted force. Nims' Light Battery (horse artillery) will be assigned to the cavalry command.

Very respectfully, general, your most obedient servant,

[CHAS. P. STONE,]

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 16, [1863]-8.30 p. m.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I understand from a negro who lately came into my lines that there are a quantity of horses and mules in a bend of the Teche, between Breaux Bridge and Dr. Scott's plantation. I heard two or three days ago that you were about to send there to drive out the guerrillas who were said to be there. Has there been any such expedition? And is it your intention to make one? My cavalry has so much picket duty to do that it would be pretty hard work for it to go, but I think there is no doubt that the thing should be done, if possible.

I hold a line now nearly 2 miles deep by 1 broad. This extension is necessary on account of the pertinacity of the enemy in trying to find out what we want. There has been nothing heard from the enemy this morning.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 16, 1863.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I presume that you have, of course, seen Special Orders, Numbers 255, Paragraph VI, Headquarters Department of the Gulf. I take it for granted that under this order I will receive notice from you when you are ready to move within "easy supporting distance."

The actions of the enemy lead me to believe that he will try us every day until our intentions are developed to him. But I consider the road between here and Vermillion as rather unsafe now, and that it will become more unsafe every day.

I shall be obliged to you if you will give me early information as to when you will be ready to move up, and am in readiness to receive any orders from you. But my supply train is not yet up, and I have not wagons enough to carry the rations that were brought up last night. I do not think it will answer to depend upon our communications with the

49 R-VOL XXVI, PT I

