
well C. Harris was sent on board, and Lieutenant Thomas S. Hall reported for duty to General Grover, who was then on the move toward Bayou Sara.

On the morning of the 23d, headquarters moved to Bayou Sara, and on 24th received orders from yourself to place an efficient officer on board the Hartford, in place of Lieutenant R. C. Harris (who was unable to work the station, it being so elevated), in obedience to which Lieutenant S. M. Eaton was ordered to her. The same day, Lieutenant Thomas S. Hall was relieved from duty with General Grover, and Lieuts. John C. Abbott and R. C. Harris were ordered on duty with him. I found that communication with the Hartford, Richmond, and thence to General Augur, could be obtained by establishing a station at Bayou Sara. Accordingly, Lieutenant Hall was placed upon the Episcopal church, and communication was established. Lieutenant Hallett and his party were at this time with General Augur in the rear of Port Hudson, and had communication from Springfield Landing to the Richmond by signals, and from same point to General Augur's headquarters by means of signal telegraph train.

May 23, headquarters moved to a point near Port Hudson, and on the 24th I had verbal communication with Lieutenant Hallett, who was with General Augur.

On the 26th, Lieuts. E. H. Russell and John W. Dana were ordered to report to General Weitzel for duty, and my attention was directed to establishing stations, so as to have communication between the different headquarters--a task which I found to be very difficult, as the country was very thickly wooded, and our lines were not far enough advanced to warrant me in establishing stations very near the batteries. Consequently the corps did not prove of much service during the first assault; still, the officers acted as aides to the different generals with whom they were attached, and communication was held with the fleet above and below the batteries by means of signal telegraph train to Springfield Landing, and thence by signals to the fleet.

May 30, communication was opened with the Richmond from the tree-tops on the right and left of our lines. On the 31st, I ordered Lieutenant John C. Abbott to the Richmond, to assist Lieutenant A. M. Jackson, there being four stations to communicate with from that ship.

At this time communication was established from the commanding general's headquarters direct to the Richmond, Hartford, and Springfield Landing, it being so arranged that the stations were at or near the headquarters of Generals Grover and Dwight.

Many official messages were sent from the headquarters to the Richmond and Hartford. (Please see reports of Lieutenants Eaton, Abbott, and Jackson.)

On the day of the second assault, signal communication was held between the headquarters of Major-General Banks in the center, and General Dwight on the left of our line, by which the commanding general could be informed at any time of the progress of General Dwight. (For a copy of messages, see reports of Lieutenants Hall and Rundlett.) The line from the general's headquarters to the ships was kept in working order until Port Hudson surrendered.

On the 29th of June, Lieutenant Dana was ordered to the left, to communicate with Lieutenant Eaton (whose station was in a barn, from which could be seen most of the enemy's guns on the river front), for the purpose of directing the shots from our guns on the left upon those of the enemy. (Please see report of Lieutenant Dana on directing shots.) The signal telegraph train proved of great service, and from May 28 to

