
rear after we leave Vermillion with the rear of the column. The enemy showed himself in some force this morning, but with no result.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 258 1/2. New Orleans, October 16, 1863.

* * * * *

II. Brigadier-General Lee, chief of cavalry, will proceed without delay to Vermillion Bayou, or the headquarters of the troops in the field, and report to the senior major-general present, to take personal command of the cavalry forces serving with the Thirteenth and Nineteenth Corps d'Armee.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN LOUISIANA,

Goodrich's Landing, October 17, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I have just sent you, by signal, a dispatch stating that information is received that the enemy soon design to make an attack on the troops in this district, and for this purpose are assembling their forces on the Bayou Macon; 3,000 are now reported this side of Bayou Macon. this is not a mere rumor. For several days matters have looked cloudy, and to-day appear to be assuming tangible shape. The troops for the defense of the district are much scattered, and entirely inadequate for the purpose, and not enough for self defense. They will sweep the district if they come with the force reported, and I respectfully request that re-enforcements be sent without delay - 2,000 infantry, 200 cavalry, and a battery of artillery. I have, since being in command here, on several occasions heard reports of forces, but none so well founded as this, and at those times wished for no re-enforcements, nor called for any. I hope, therefore, it will not now be thought that this is a stampede.

The forces under me, I have stated, are much scattered - one regiment at Milliken's Bend (small), two here (one weak) one at Transylvania. the one at Milliken's Bend, 15 miles, the one at Transylvania, 5 miles from here. I hope the re-enforcements may be sent me, and, if the enemy do not attack, I will attack him, if re-enforced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. HAWKINS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, October 17, 1863-11.10 a. m.

Major General E. O. C. ORD, Vermillion Bayou:

GENERAL: As you have doubtless been ere this strengthened in mounted force equal to Colonel Davis' regiment, the major-general

