
All that is desired at present is to hold firmly sufficient country in [your] region to secure the use of the Courtableau line of communication, and hold the country thus far occupied.

The general commanding deems it important to hold New Iberia strongly while getting possession of the other line. All necessary preparations must be made by your chief quartermaster for a long march, but he can have time to make them.

More mounted force has been sent you, and horses for mounting more still. The general commanding desires you, during the illness of General Ord, to give instructions such as you deem necessary to all the troops in the field, the object being to hold what we have got, and secure for the present the lines to New Iberia and Barre's Landing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,October 19, 1863-11 a. m.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday is received. As I understand the wishes of the commanding general, New Iberia is to be held, and Barre's Landing, between Opelousas and New Iberia, is to be let go. I shall, therefore, wait here until General Washburn is ready to start. I had ordered a reconnaissance to mouth of Courtableau, but countermanded it, so that it is to start on the day we leave here, and could join us at Barre's Landing. If, however, the steamer has started for Barre's Landing, she ought to be sent back, or I must send the reconnaissance at once, showing our hands.

General Washburn is apparently not as nearly ready as he supposed, and I have not the means of determining the correctness of his statements, except by reports from the chief quartermaster, which, of course, I have not been entitled to receive until to-day.

I send a reconnaissance in some force (1,000 men) to vicinity of Opelousas to-day.

W. B. FRANKLIN.

NEW ORLEANS,

October 19, 1863.

Major-General FRANKLIN,

Headquarters Nineteenth Army Corps, via New Iberia:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this date received. The steamer Red chief has gone to the Courtableau, and cannot be stopped. My dispatch of yesterday cannot have got to you correctly, if you understand it that Barre's Landing is to be let go. It is exactly the wish of the commanding general that Barre's Landing shall be occupied.

The reconnaissance to Barre's Landing should be certainly made, or the steamer Red Chief will certainly be captured.

Have you been furnished with all the orders sent to General Ord? if not, send for them. They should have been sent to you if he was not well enough to command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

