
gence. These officers, by their daring and energy, have fully determined a question upon which the commanding general had no reliable information, and of vital importance to the welfare and success of this command.

By order of Major-General Franklin:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, October 25, 1863.

Major-General FRANKLIN,

Commanding Forces in Western Louisiana:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of yesterday afternoon is received, and is very satisfactory to the general commanding. Written instructions have been sent to you by two officers, both of whom have probably reached you before this time. You command all the troops west of Brashear.

By command of Major-General Banks:

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FORCES IN THE FIELD,October 25, 1863-8.15 p. m.

Brigadier General A. L. LEE, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: From a dispatch received from General Banks to-day, I am led to the inference that he thinks that the country between the Teche and Mississippi abounds in horses and mules, and ought to be swept of them and of negroes. I do not know whether this is the case or not, but it is our duty to find out whether it be so. I therefore request that you will, to-morrow, send out a force eastward from your present position, with orders to be gone two days, returning to your present position by a road different from that by which they go out, to bring in all horses and mules that they find, leaving only to physicians one good horse, to clergymen the same, and two mules to farmers, &amp;c., for the purpose of grinding corn. negroes without families, able-bodied, who will be of use to us as teamsters, should also be brought in. No women or children, and no negroes who have families dependent upon them for support, must be taken. I hardly think that the expedition will meet with resistance, but, for fear that it may, I suggest 300 men and two guns. I shall be glad to see you to-morrow morning.

Respectfully,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 26, 1863.

Major-General BANKS, New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your letter of October 15, inclosing one from Colonel Holabird, dated the 14th, has been received and submitted to the Secretary of War.

In regard to the helpless men, women, and children sent from plantations turned over to the agents of the Treasury Department to you for

