
II. Lieutenant Colonel W. B. Scates, assistant adjutant-general, will report in person, with the corps staff, books, papers, &amp;c., without necessary delay.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

NEW ORLEANS,

October 27, 1863.

Brigadier General P. ST. G. COOKE, U. S. Army,

Commanding District of Baton Rouge:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 23rd instant, covering report of reconnaissance by Colonel Boardman, Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry, is this day received. Colonel Boardman reports that accounts agree in placing a large rebel force at Jackson, La.

This information is different from that previously in possession of these headquarters, and it is very desirable to know if any considerable force of the enemy is occupying a point so near our lines as Jackson, La.

If you can find means of getting accurate information, and of keeping yourself and these headquarters advised of the amount and character of any force of the enemy in that region, it will be very valuable, and money would be well spent in procuring it.

Up to this time we have been led to believe that there were in that region only small partisan bands, with a portion of Scott's cavalry.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 77. New Orleans, October 27, 1863.

I. All persons of color coming within the lines of the army, or following the army when in the field, other than those employed in the staff department of the army, or as servants of officers entitled by the regulations to have servants or cooks, will be placed in charge of an provided for by the several provost-marshals of the parishes, or, if the army be on the march or in the field, by the provost-marshal of the army.

II. The several provost-marshals of the parishes and of the army will promptly forward to the nearest recruiting deport all able-bodied males for service in the Corps d'Afrique.

III. Recruits will be received for the Corps d'Afrique of all able-bodied men from sections of the country not occupied by our forces, and beyond our lines, without regard to the enrollment provided for in General Orders, Nos. 64 and 70, from these headquarters.

IV. Instructions will be given by the president of the commission of enrollment to the superintendent of recruiting, to govern in all matters of detail relating to recruiting, and officers will be held to a strict accountability for the faithful observance of existing orders and such instructions; but no officer will be authorized by recruit beyond the lines without first having his order approved by the officer commanding the nearest post, or the officer commanding the army in the field, who will render such assistance as may be necessary to make the recruiting service effective.

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

