
WASHINGTON, October 28, 1863.

Major-General BANKS, New Orleans:

GENERAL: Rear-Admiral Porter has addressed a letter to the Navy Department, in which he says that by fortifying and occupying a narrow pass (A-B) between the Mississippi and Red Rivers, below Union Point, the enemy will be cut off from all access to the Atchafalaya. I inclose herewith a copy of his map,* which fully explains his views. The matter is left for such action as you may deem best.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NEW ORLEANS, October 28, 1863.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Troops in Western Louisiana:

GENERAL: Major-General Ord reported to the general commanding that during his stay at Vermillionville many white citizens came in, and, taking the oath of allegiance, desired to arm, to protect the country from further inroads on the part of the rebel forces. Major-General Ord thought he could have procured nearly 1,000 good men in that section with the aid of his scouts and of some Union citizens of influence who conversed with him. He mentioned the names of the following at Vermillionville: Honore Bereaud, Joseph Bourdreau, Zephraim Doucet, W. H. Hawkins.

There is also a man whom I think you have named O. Currier, west of Opelousas, who has raised men, and successfully resisted the enemy when attempting to enforce a draft. The major-general commanding is very desirous of raising a regiment of men in that region for the protection of the region, and desires that you make every effort practicable to do so.

You are authorized to offer commissions to men who are leaders, and those who enlist may be assured that their service shall be only in their own State, and habitually west of Berwick Bay, and in their own parishes. They would be most useful equipped as cavalry. Should you find the movement successful, you will spare no pains in rendering the corps quickly efficient, and to this end will please make the necessary requisitions for arms and equipments, and select good officers from among the natural leaders there and among the officers of the Thirteenth and Nineteenth Corps d'Armee.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

P. S.- These men may be accepted in companies if a regiment cannot be raised, and liberal issues of provisions will be made to families in case you find the disposition to enlist is good.

NEW ORLEANS, October 28, 1863.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Troops in Western Louisiana, in the Field:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding sailed from the Southwest pass of the Mississippi River, with the troops under command of

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

