
Major-General Dana, yesterday morning. Should he be successful in effecting a lodgment, as he desires, he will immediately dispatch steamers to Berwick Bay, to receive troops as re-enforcements to the coast expedition. He desires that the troops should, therefore, be so disposed as to enable the prompt shipment of as many as the available steamers can transport, say, 5,000 infantry, three or four batteries, and 200 cavalry. I am causing coal, &amp;c., for the steamers to be transported to Brashear, and making other preparations for facilitating the shipment of troops at that point and Berwick City, should his movements require it.

It is the desire of the general commandin that Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler should be at Berwick or Brashear, to control the operations of the quartermaster's department. Two additional light-draught steamers will be in Berwick Bay, to add to the river transportation on the Teche. Troops can, therefore, be rapidly transported from New Iberia to Berwick, While such a force as that indicated should be held ready for promptly transfer from Berwick, it is desirable that the enemy should still regard the movement in your direction as the real one, and as much show as possible should be made of an intended push westward toward the Sabine, or northwesterly toward Alexandria. Again, it may become necessary to make the movement in one of those directions.

I inclose a letter from the commanding general.*

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

NEW ORLEANS, October 28, 1863.

Rear-Admiral D. D. PORTER, U. S. Navy,

Commanding Upper Mississippi Squadron:

ADMIRAL: By direction of the major-general commanding the department, I have the honor to inform you that he left the Southwest pass yesterday morning, with a considerable transport fleet, to make a descent upon the coast of Texas. The force with the commanding general is well appointed, and composed of the three arms, and his transports are all armed. I shall expect to hear the result within ten or twelve days, and will immediately communicate it to you. By the latest account, all was quiet along the banks of the Mississippi River within the limits of this military department. There are some reports indicating an assemblage of force in rear of Plaquemine, but a force has been sent to that point, which, with a gunboat to patrol the river there, and a little above and below, will prevent all trouble in that region.

Very respectfully, I am, admiral, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

NEW ORLEANS, October 28, 1863.

Brigadier General P. ST. G. COOKE, U. S. Army,

Commanding District of Baton Rouge:

GENERAL: The country west of the Mississippi River, and between that river and the Bayou Plaquemine and Grosetete, as far north as

---------------

*No inclosure found.

---------------

