
the time that I was ordered to deliver the wire to Captain Bulkley, June 5, two hundred and fifty-five official messages were sent, many of which were sent from Springfield Landing to the fleet by Lieutenant Jencks, signal officer at that point. The country being so level and thickly wooded, it was almost impossible to establish stations; still, in our main line there were ten stations, eight of which were in tree-tops or on masts of vessels. Three stations of observation, which were also in tree-tops, and three stations which are not described, were likewise built in trees, and were abandoned for the reason of their being in range of the enemy's sharpshooters. In fact, all the main stations were within range of the enemy's guns. Some officers were driven from their stations, but in every case returned again as soon as the firing was over.

All the officers and men in the detachment have shown a willingness to comply in every particular with the orders given them, and, in many instances, have shown a determination to do all in their power to promote the efficiency of the corps.

I inclose the reports of each officer, also a map showing the stations, the dotted lines showing over which points the signals were worked.*

My desire and determination is to have the corps in this department as good as any in the service, and know if we have the countenance and confidence of the commanding generals we shall be of great service in the army and to the country.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. ROE,

Captain, and Chief of Signal Corps, Department of the Gulf.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant John C. Abbott, Thirteenth Connecticut Infantry, Acting Signal Officer, of operations June 2-July 25.

NEW ORLEANS, LA.,

July 27, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to Captain Roe's orders, I proceeded to the signal station on the U. S. S. Richmond, where I have been in communication with four stations, viz: Lieutenant Eaton's, on the Hartford; Lieutenant Russell's, on the right of the line of our army; Lieutenant Hall's, on the left; and Lieutenant Jencks, at Springfield Landing.

The following is a correct transcript of messages sent and received by me from June 2, 1863, to July 25, 1863, inclusive:

U. S. S. HARTFORD, June 2.

Commodore PALMER:

Send prisoners, and tell Colonel Benedict to send contrabands and mules.

FARRAGUT,

Admiral.

JUNE 4.

Admiral FARRAGUT:

The enemy number their water batteries 1, 2, from up the river down. The main magazine is behind Battery Numbers 6, and about 300 to 500 yards back from the river.

BANKS,

General.

---------------

*Map omitted.

---------------

