
Lobdell's Landing, will be considered within the lines of your command. There are indications of the assembling of bands of guerrillas in that region, and, to prevent their making a descent upon the country below, the major-general commanding deems it proper that you should send a small force of infantry, a troop of cavalry, and, say, a section of artillery to Plaquemine, to guard the passage down the country.

Rodgers' (Regular) battery is ordered to report to you for duty without delay, and this will enable you to spare a section for that service. Brigadier-General Birge, commanding District of La Fourche, has been instructed to scout the country nearly up to Bayou Plaquemine, and his scouting parties will correspond with yours.

By command of Major-General Banks:

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 49. Bayou Barricroquant, La, October 28, 1863.

* * * * *

V. In pursuance of authority from headquarters department, the batteries of this command are authorized to employ negroes as drivers of battery wagons, forges, and caissons.

The commanding officers of batteries may employ such number of negroes as may be necessary for this purpose, provided the number so employed does not exceed that of enlisted men allowed for the same purpose.

The chief quartermaster Nineteenth Army Corps is hereby authorized and the directed to pay such drivers at the same rate and in the same manner as the steamers employed in the quartermaster's department.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General Franklin:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEW ORLEANS, October 29, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Troops in Western Louisiana, in the Field:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of October 26 instant is received this morning, by the hands of Lieutenant Craft.

In regard to supplies, the assistant quartermaster at Brashear reports that he had yesterday twelve days' supplies for your force at New Iberia. The wishes of the commanding general, expressed in my letter of yesterday, make it clear that you must not be incumbered with heavy supplies in your extreme front.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

NEW ORLEANS, October 29, 1863.

Brigadier General A. ASBOTH, U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: It has been represented that a regiment of cavalry could be easily raised in that portion of Florida to the command of which you have been assigned. You are authorized to take immediate steps for

