
FLAG-SHIP McCLELLAN,

Off Brazos Santiago, November 4, 1863.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: Our troops are nearly all landed. We have had great difficulty in getting horses and artillery ashore. The weather has greatly favored us. I shall send vessels to Brashear as soon as possible for troops - within a day or two at furthest. Let them be put in preparation, but do not withdraw the force so as to notify the enemy of our purpose. Rather let them threaten the Sabine from Vermillionville. This is important. Our chances are better than I had ever supposed, but we must have more troops, and especially more artillery. Artillery is of vital importance.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Steamship McClellan, Brazos Santiago, November 4, 1863.

Captain STRONG,

U. S. Ship Monongahela, Commanding Naval Forces off Brazos:

I desire to express my sincere thanks to you and through you to your officers and men for the many services you have rendered this expedition, and particularly for the gallant service rendered by Captain [Edmund W.] Henry and the crew of the Owasco in saving the steam transport Zephyr from wreck during the late storm, and towing her to the rendezvous, and to you and your crew for assisting the steam transport Bagley, in distress; also especially for the signal gallantry of your brave tars in landing our soldiers through a dangerous surf yesterday at the mouth of the Rio Grande.

I wish also to mention for your special approval the names of Master's Mate [James H.] Rogers, Captains of Forecastel [David] White and [Giuseppe] Conte Modena, and Ordinary Seamen [Alonzo] Birt and [James] Hewes, of the Virginia, who, when a boat from this ship was capsized in the breakers on this bar at dusk last night, boldly pushed into the perilous place, and searched for the men all night.

You will oblige me now by bringing your ship to this anchorage when I will communicate with you in reference to future operations.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN THE FIELD,Vermillion, November 5, 1863.

Brigadier-General LAWLER,

Commanding Division, New Iberia:

GENERAL: The enemy, on account of the large booty at New Iberia, may think it worth while to attempt a raid from Opelousas, by way of the Teche, on your force. I have sent a mounted force 20 miles up to see if any such movement is on foot, but in the meantime please move your division to the intersection of the Saint Martinsville and Vermillion roads, posting your battery carefully, so as to command both roads.

