
The point is about 1 mile in front of New Iberia. Also look out well that your left flank may not be turned, supposing your front faces north. Make the movement as early as possible to-morrow morning.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

BRAZOS SANTIAGO,

November 5, 1863.

General CARLETON,

Commanding U. S. Forces in New Mexico, Franklin, Tex.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the forces of the United States occupy Brazos Island and Brownsville, upon the Rio Grande. It is our expectation that the flag will be permanently maintained here. I should be very glad to know the condition of forces in your department; whether it be practicable for you to co-operate with us in any movement in the direction of San Antonio.* the probability is that a successful movement in that direction will so cofer New Mexico as to make an invasion of that territory impracticable for the enemy.

Any information or suggestions in regard to the forces in this part of the country which you may please to give me will be most gladly received. I will communicate to you early information of our future movements, until otherwise ordered, by Monterey and Chihuahua.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS,

November 5, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Troops in Western Louisiana, Vermillion:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 11.30 p. m. yesterday just received. Who commands on the part of the enemy? How strong do you consider him? It is important to retain as large a force of the enemy as possible in your front. Keep him amused. Advises from Brownsville, Tex., show that Magruder was withdrawing all the force from the Rio Grande, in order to concentrate in Northeastern Texas. The steamer Creole is in from New York, 28th. Nothing very important. Lee has again crossed the Rappahannock. Made at Warrenton. Nothing new in Tennessee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

BRAZOS SANTIAGO,

November 5, 1863.

Major THOMPSON,

Twentieth Iowa:

MAJOR: As early in the morning as the wind will permit, you will proceed with your regiment, on board the schooner Emman Amelia, to Point Isabel, and occupy that place. You will secure your position by

---------------

*Seed Carleton to Banks, December 25, 1863, p. 879.

---------------

