
possible of advance, on the road to Sabine Pass. Use the mounted force freely in that direction and covering that road, and make all possible show of continued intention of passing that way.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 278. New Orleans, November 7, 1863.

* * * * *

VII. Company C, First Louisiana Heavy Artillery, under command of Captain Loren Rygaard, commanding battalion stationed at Camp Parapet, New Orleans, having been reported by the commander of the Defenses of New Orleans in such a state of insubordination as to indicate unmistakably the incapacity or criminal action of the officers of the company, and that the conduct and character of the company is such as to make the men composing it unworthy to bear arms, Captain Loren Rygaard, commanding battalion, and the following-named officers composing Company C, First Louisiana Heavy Artillery, viz, Captain N. L. Rich, Senior First Lieutenant H. C. Rawson, Junior First Lieutenant M. J. Kenyon, Junior Second Lieutenant F. Walton, are hereby dismissed the service of the United States, and the company will be immediately disarmed and sent under guard to Port Hudson, where the men will be placed at hard labor on the public works, under the direction of the commanding officer of the post, until further orders.

The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

Senior Second Lieutenant James M. Lawton, Company C, First Louisiana Heavy Artillery, not having served with the company during its insubordination, is honorably discharged the military service of the United States.

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN LOUISIANA,

Goodrich's Landing, La., November 9, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: Upon to this day my information about the enemy was that Harrison, with 1,200 cavalry, was 2 miles west of Washita River, near Monroe, with two pieces of artillery. Parsons, with 1,000 cavalry, was 30 miles west of Washita, on Shreveport road. No knowledge concerning artillery.

This evening I have information from a negro, who left Floyd yesterday, that a considerable force of the enemy is 2 miles beyond Floyd, said to number 2,000 cavalry. He saw their artillery, and counted six pieces as it was traveling by him on the road. I was careful to learn from him that in numbering he did not count caissons as cannon. Harrison is in command of the force, and, from what I can learn, I presume that he and Parsons have united their forces and brought them into

