
NEW ORLEANS,

November 13, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN, Vermillion:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of this date just received, 3 p. m. Send in by all means for your overcoats and blankets. I have dispatches from General Banks to 9th instant. All well with him. I think you had better make such arrangements as you think will best secure the occupation of as much of the Teche country as your present force can hold. I do not think you will be materially weakened for some time to come. You were reported here this morning as killed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN THE FIELD,Vermillion, November 14, 1863-3.15 p. m.

Brigadier General S. G. BURBRIDGE, Commanding at New Iberia:

If you get anything definite about Price and Magruder re-enforcing the rebels in my front, I shall be glad to know it. My position here is good against double my number. I have sent to see about the Abbeville Bridge, but I do not believe it. Perry's bridge is destroyed, to the best of my knowledge and belief. If the rebels get below you on the other side of the Teche in force, they will never get above you again.

Colonel Fournet, with Mr. D. Beraud, will see you to-morrow morning. I wish you to investigate the case of the former as soon as possible, letting me know the result. Major Cowan's papers ought to show whether he has authority to ship sugar. Demand to see them.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN THE FIELD,Vermillion, November 15, 1863.

Brigadier-General McGINNIS, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: It is my intention to move this command to the vicinity of New Iberia to-morrow. I therefore request that you will quietly make such preliminary arrangements to-day as will enable you to be ready to march promptly at 7 o'clock in the morning. Your command will cross by the bridge which you have had made, and, after it has crossed, the bridge is to be thoroughly destroyed. The order of march will be sent you later in the day. Please say nothing about the movement until the order of march is received.

Respectfully,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GOODRICH'S LANDING, LA.,

November 15, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: I have no further news or evidence of the troops reported in my last letter as being at Floyd. The last report is of quite a num-

