
To-day the Thomas A. Scott sails with 600 infantry of First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, under Colonel Harris. She also caries 50 tons subsistence stores. I am exceedingly anxious to forward troops and supplies with more rapidity, but the steamers do not come back as rapidly as might be wished, and as none come into Berwick Bay, where our stores have been collected, more difficulty is experienced in shipping than was expected.

When the Scott shall have left, we shall have no steamer which can cross the ar at Brazos Santiago.

The Corinthian draws too much water fully laden; she will be loaded light and sent.

I cannot report matters quiet up the river. Yesterday morning the steamer Emerland, loaded with recruits and returning men of Thirteenth Army Corps, was fired into at Hog Landing, just below mouth of Red River. The enemy seemed to have four 6-pounders. The firing damaged the boat somewhat, but no men were killed or wounded.

Green is reported to have crossed the Atchafalaya back of Morganza with a heavy force of cavalry and sixteen pieces of artillery. One report states his object to be to seize a steamboat, cross the river, and effect a junction with Logan at Clinton. The other report is that he intends a raid down the Grossetete, to cut the railroad. I do not believe he intends either, but think he wishes to blockade the river near Morganza.

I have, however, strengthened Donaldsonville, and promised that a gunboat shall remain off Plaquemine.

I shall send steamboats to Donaldsonville, so that, in case of need, Plaquemine can be re-enforced thence.

Logan has been re-enforced at Clinton, since Sunday last, by three small regiments from Alabama.

General Andrews thinks himself secure against Logan. Baton Rouge is doubtless strong enough also, if well defended, which I think it would be.

General Franklin is at New Iberia, the enemy showing considerable force at Camp Pratt. I have recommended him to make such a strong demonstration as to ascertain whether he has a mere shell or a solid force in front, and he replied that he shall do so to-morrow. His cavalry force is too much jaded to act to-day.

I am informed, from what I consider a reliable source, that Waul's Legion recently crossed the Mississippi River, near Romney, 1,000 strong, and got safety to the west bank. This would seem to indicate that the enemy propose fighting strongly west of the Mississippi.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

NEW ORLEANS,

November 20, 1863.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters of the Army:

COLONEL: In the absence of the major-general commanding, I have the honor to report the following for the information of the General-in-Chief:

On the 10th instant, the major-general commanding department was at Brownsville, Tex., with about 3,000 men and sixteen pieces of artil-

