
lery. No known force of the enemy nearer than Corpus Christi, where there was but a handful, and San Antonio, whither Bee had retired with from 150 to 200 men.

Refugees and recruits are coming into our lines in great numbers, and the commanding general called on me for additional horse equipments and cavalry arms. The recruits bring their own horses. I have forwarded about 2,000 sets, with arms, for cavalry.

Brownsville was being put in defensible condition, and works were being constructed on Point Isabel and Brazes Santiago Island. It was supposed that Corpus Christi would be occupied and fortified by our troops.

During the past week I have, on the requisition of the commanding general, forwarded to the mouth of the Rio Grande 2,000 infantry, a battery of artillery, and 100 extra artillery horses. More troops, to the extent of 3,000 infantry of Thirteenth Army Corps, two regiments of the Corps d'Afrique, and two batteries of field artillery, are awaiting means of transportation to go forward.

Major-General Franklin is holding the Teche country, with his headquarters at New Iberia. The enemy has made considerable show of force in his front, and it has been reported that Magruder has joined General Dick Taylor from Nibletts' Bluff, and a portion of Price's force from Shreveport, but neither General Franklin nor myself credit the report.

This morning General Franklin effected a surprise of the enemy's advanced force of cavalry (Sixth Texas Regiment), and captured all but 25 of it. The regiment was small. The captured amounted to 12 commissioned officers and 100 ranks and file.

Up the river the enemy have shown some actively. Day before yesterday they came to the Mississippi River at Hog Landing, near the mouth of Red River, and fired upon a transport, coming down, with four pieces of field artillery. No lives were lost on the boat, and a gunboat at the point immediately commenced shelling the position. No the Atchafalaya River back of Morganza with artillery and cavalry, and was yesterday reported as intending a raid down the Grossetete, to interrupt our line to Berwick Bay. To prevent mischief in that direction, I have sent re enforcements to Donaldsonville and Plaquemine.

On the east bank of the river, Logan is reported as near Clinton, La., with from 3,000 to 4,000 men (such scattered), on Thursday of last week, and re-enforced last Monday at Clinton by three small regiments from Alabama, with promise of more, to threaten Port Hudson and Baton Rouge. Both these positions are well garrisoned and in good state for defense.

While writing, I receive information that a steamer is just coming up the river from the Texas expedition, and she reports by telegraph from the quarantine station that Corpus Christi was in position of our forces when she sailed.

I would respectfully suggest that the heavy guns and ammunition sent forward as rapidly as possible, as they will be much last steamer be sent forward as rapidly as possible, as they will be much needed in the positions which have been seized on the Texas coast.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

