
NEW ORLEANS,

November 21, 1863.

Brigadier-General LAWLER, Brashear:

GENERAL: Send forward to Algiers as rapidly as possible 1,500 infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

NEW ORLEANS,

November 21, 1863.

Brigadier General A. ASBOTH, Commanding Troops in West Florida:

GENERAL: I have information, which seems to be reliable, that the rebel authorities intend making a serious attack on your position early the coming week.

Large bodies of troops are said to have been sent to Pollard by rail, for the purpose, and another force by way of Bonsecours Bay. I hope this intelligence will reach you in time to anticipate such movements, if really intended, and feel perfect confidence that in any case all will be done that can be to make the result disastrous to the enemy.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

PORT HUDSON, LA.,

November 22, 1863-8 p. m.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE, Chief of Staff, New Orleans:

Captain Halsted crossed the river this morning; has just returned. Reports that rebel pickets are at Pointe Coupee, and stop all persons going up. Cannot learn the cause of the firing up river last evening which was heard here. It is and has been repeatedly reported that Taylor is this side the Atchafalaya with 12,000 or 14,000 men, marching on Plaquemine and Donaldsonville; is certain that straggling parties of rebels are below this post, on west bank. Three brigades are reported-Green's, Walker's, and [H. W.] Allen's-sixteen pieces of artillery. No new information from this side the river. Captain Halsted's information came from citizens. Taylor's present position reported on Grossetete. No informant had actually seen any considerable body of the enemy.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Post.

NEW ORLEANS,

November 22, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, in the Field:

GENERAL: The news of the occupation of Corpus Christi was brought night before last by the steamer Hussar, and was duly communicated by letter to the General-in-Chief by the mail steamer Washington, which sailed yesterday morning.

