
Shall at once intrench myself, but think, however, I can successfully defend against any attacking force which will probably be sent against me.

I have sent Lieutenant A. J. Dyer, acting quartermaster, for such things as are needed by the troops which came with me. I should have 50 boxes of ammunition, caliber 58.

The regiments have all their books and some camp equipage, together with clothing of officers, at Brashear City, under charge of officers and men belonging to the regiments.

Requisitions had been made for new tents, clothing, and a supply of camp and garrison equipage, but it had not reached them before ordered here, except the clothing, which was in the hands of the brigade quartermaster.

If consistent with military designs, I should like to send for the men and things at Brashear City.

It will probably be necessary for Lieutenant Dyer to procure new tents for the regiments I brought here, as those left in store at New Orleans were old and worn, and some of them have been taken from the place where stored by persons to whom they did not belong.

I have reported to General Cooke, but he has not sent me any instructions whatever.

There is some trade in cotton and sugar, as well as dry goods, &amp;c., concerning which I have no instructions. I am not permitting anything to go out of the lines, but am allowing cotton and sugar and some other articles to be shipped to New Orleans.

Having reported myself to General Cooke without receiving any instructions, I take the liberty to address you so fully as I have. Very respectfully,

L. A. SHELDON,

Colonel Forty-second Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Post.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. NORTHEASTERN LOUISIANA, Numbers 43. Goodrich's Landing, La., November 23, 1863.

I. On an expedition to Skipwith's Landing after corn, the detachment of troops from the First Arkansas (48th men) and Tenth Louisiana (57 men) committed depredations against E. L. Wade, by killing 1 cow, 5 hogs, and 2 pigs. The officers were Captain Berry and Lieutenant Hitchcock, Tenth Louisiana.

The commanders of these regiments will, together, assess the damages, and charge the same, to be collected at the pay-table, to reimburse Mr. Wade.

By order of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins:

S. B. FERGUSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

PORT HUDSON,

November 23, 1863-8 a. m.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans:

The steamers National and Black Hawk passed down from above last night. The Black Hawk was fired into just below Red River. This was the firing Saturday afternoon. Our gunboats took part in the

