
came upon the enemy, and made handsome saber charges on him, pushed him across Vermillion Bayou, killed and wounded a number, and captured 5 officers and 68 men of the Fourth Texas and Second Louisiana (rebel) Cavalry.

He found only Bagby's and Major's brigades at Vermillion; the prisoners report Magruder as at Mermenton. General Franklin says these prisoners speak of Magruder only from hearsay, or that they have been stuffed. General Franklin's body-guard to-day captured 11 guerrillas.

All is quiet back of Port Hudson and Baton Rouge.

The Second Regiment Engineers, Corps d'Afrique, will be sent to Texas, on recommendation of Major Houston.

As officer, writing a private letter from Washington to Lieutenant-Colonel Abert, say that he "is preparing to join Heintzelman's expedition to Texas."

If such an expedition has been in contemplation, I hope they will not fail to send you the troops intended for it.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

NEW ORLEANS, LA.,

November 25, 1863.

Brigadier General H. W. BIRGE,

Thibodeauxville:

GENERAL: your dispatch without date received. Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler was yesterday ordered to have ready for you a suitable steamboat of light draught, which could take guns and proper guard on board for reconnaissance of Lake [Verret] and Bayou Long. When did you receive my dispatch ordering steamboat reconnaissance? Please date you dispatches by the hour, invariably.

Colonel Sheldon arrived at Plaquemine last Saturday evening, and has been strengthening himself there and reconnoitering northwest. He reported yesterday a line of rebel couriers running west of Grossetete Bayou, southerly.

Colonel Sheldon left his battery at Donaldsonville, where it can co-operate with Colonel Fiske, and Sheldon has been supplied with tow field batteries from here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PENSACOLA,Barrancas, Fla., November 25, 1863.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of November 21, that the rebels intend to make a serious attack on my positions, and that large bodies of troops are said to have been sent to Pollard by rail for that purpose, and another force by way of Bonsecour Bay.

