
9. The guard at district headquarters will be doubled during the night until further orders.

10. The commissary of subsistence and district quartermaster will keep all Government stores at Fort Pickens, and make their regular issues from there until further orders.

By order of Brigadier General A. Asboth:

E. T. SPRAGUE,

Lieutenant Eighth Wisconsin, and Actg. Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Numbers 294. New Orleans, La., November 25, 1863.

* * *

IX. Brigadier-General Benton, having reported from leave of absence, will rejoin his division in the field, and will at once assume command of that portion of the division now awaiting transportation.

X. No charges having been preferred against Colonel Shunk, Eighth Indiana, within the time prescribed by law, he is released from arrest, and will rejoin his command.*

* * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Brownsville, Tex., November 26, 1863.

His Excellency JESUS DE LA SERNA,

Governor of Tamaulipas:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a letter from you last night, notifying me of your arrival at Matamoras as Governor of the State of Tamaulipas.

Please accept my thanks for your attention and for the gratifying expressions of friendship which you utter.

The interests of our respective nations are in many respects common, and occurrences in either must attract the lively sympathy of the other.

Let me assure you that nothing will be omitted on my part which shall tend to perpetuate the feelings of friendship and mutual regard now existing between our people.

With assurance of my highest respect and consideration, I have the honor by, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES FORCES,Brownsville, November 27, 1863.

Mr. M. M. KIMMEY, United States Consul, Monterey:

Your several dispatches of the 19th, 21st, and 22nd are received, and I have referred them to Major-General Banks, at Aransas, in order that he may give me the necessary authority regarding the supply of funds.

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 42, Thirteenth Army Corps, October 12, 1863, p. 763.

---------------

