HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, December 9, 1863.

Major-General FRANKLIN,

Commanding Troops in Western Louisiana, New Iberia:

GENERAL: As soon as General Weitzel can be spared, please send him to New Orleans, to report at these headquarters for special temporary duty in the north.* General Emory will join you in a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CHAS. P. STONE,]

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 10, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH J. REYNOLDS,

Louisville, Ky., or Cairo, Ill.:

Directions were given to General Banks to remove the large guns from Port Hudson, not required for the land defenses of that place, to the Defenses of New Orleans. It is reported that this has not been done, and that the guns in the water batteries of Port Hudson are liable to fall into the enemy's hands. That place will be included in your command, in General Banks' absence, and you carry out the above instructions. Call upon Major-General McPherson for such assistance and co-operation as he may be able to give you. Acknowledge receipt.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, December 10, 1863.

Major General C. C. WASHBURN,

Commanding Troops near Matagorda Bay, Tex.:

GENERAL: The steamers Saint Mary's and Fair Haven leave this day for your station, with the Forty-ninth Indian Volunteers and supplies on board. Additional troops and material will be forwarded as far as transportation can be furnished. The Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, will soon be with you. The major-general commanding desires me to say to you that the movement indicated will be made as soon as sufficient force and material shall be concentrated with you, but that much more of both are necessary to insure success. He desires that while these preparations are in progress you should make it appear that your intentions are to take up a line of operations toward San Antonio, yet not wasting any time, but securing means of occupying the Peninsula of Matagorda, and learning the facilities and difficulties of a movement along it by water and by land. The necessary material for bridging rivers is being rapidly prepared, and will be soon completed. Proper trains of artillery are also prepared for shipment, and by he time the necessary troops can be concentrated with you, this material can also be sent to you. Scouts and pilots should be secured for all directions, and no pains spared to learn the force, positions, and intentions of the enemy, and the natural and artificial difficulties to be met and overcome in the march really proposed. I should feel personally obliged

---------------

*So ordered by General Franklin same day. General Emory was assigned, December 13, 1863, to command of the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

---------------

