
went up by land. The boat is somewhere between here and Edinburg, having a hard time on account of low water. They are fully able to protect themselves.

Next week I propose to send out a detachment of cavalry by each road, to meet at King's ranch, and may send a piece of artillery with them. I have sent two spies there. I shall follow the general's instructions and cautions, and will run no risks. My pickets line it kept strong and alert, and I have spurred Colonel hodge, at Point Isabel, to active vigilance. My trains go with small escort of infantry.

The health of the troops is good. The cavalry is increasing, but the horses improve hardly any. We ought to have oats. We have purchased about 600 horses (mustang), and brought in about 125 from Stillman's and Latham's ranches, besides 100 head of beef-cattle and 700 sheep. Stillman appears officials, one of whom (Mr. Brackenridge) brought him over and introduced him to me the day after he (Brackenridge) arrived.

I have thought proper this morning to send him back; he is only here to accomplish his own selfish ends.

The matamoras has not reported at Brazos yet. I was compelled to send the Hale there, but it is not safe for her to remain there, and I propose to relieve her on the arrival of the Matamoras.

No carbine ammunition has, as yet, arrived here, although every effort has been made to have a duplicate supply sent. If any was on the schooner which brought Davis' equipments, it is gone, as she went to pieces on the bar. We ought to have it at once, of both kinds of Sharps carbines, and Davis very much wants 300 sets of cavalry equipments of the regular pattern, inasmuch as what is here is of citizen's pattern. Davis remembers with hope the assurance he had from the general that he should have an outfit of American horses. They ought to come on either the Clinton, Crescent, or Saint Mary's, with a light load.

Information from the interior of this State, via Monterey, is to the effect that the rebel troops are leaving their ranks rapidly by every opportunity, regiments which two months ago numbered 500 men being able to muster now only 150 or 200. The company of 40 Mexicans they had stationed near Eagle Pass revolted, as reported, and attacked the custom-house, carrying off all the supplies found stored there, and left for some point lower down on the Rio Grande, where they said they intended to join the Union forces. I captured, near King's ranch, a few days ago, about 8,000 yards of English cloth, gray and blue, on its way to the Confederate army, and ordered it to be turned over to Mr. Brackenridge. Great quantities of cotton and military supplies are crossing the river at Laredo and Eagle Pass, and i have accepted the services of a refugee, by the name of McManus, who had offered to go there, collect 30 refugees, and destroy everything he cannot run over the river and get a Mexican custom-house receipt for in the name of the United States. I have furnished him with a little money and some pistol cartridges, and he has gone. I think he will be successful. I have given him orders to put everything near the river in the Mexican custom-house, and a kill, burn, and destroy everything else, with the object of getting up a panic about the danger of the roads and of breaking up the trade. I have also given authority to one Webber, a very loyal friend of ours between this and Roma, to make the roads in his neighborhood difficult and hazardous for rebels, and the Jews and speculators who are furnishing them.

