
The French army has marched from Queretoro is two divisions-one for Guanaxuato, the other for San Luis Potosi-General Bazaine in command. Not a man has been sent to San Luis from either Nuevo Leon or Tamaulipas.

Ruizis marching an Matamoras with 800 men. There is great panic and confusion there, and an attack hourly expected. Stillman &amp; Co.'s cotton is in the barricades. Serna will offer to leave the settlement by Ruiz, he will fight it out. The consul wrote my yesterday, saying he feared pillaging by a mob, and had large amounts of treasure in his keeping, and asked advice. I urged him to bring all our friends over here, under our protection, and to notify rebels that, if their lives were in danger, they would be welcome here as prisoners of war.

Very great apprehensions are felt for the safety of the Union men in Texas. No one is permitted to leave the State without a pass, and passes are not given to any one fit for service, or suspected of Union sentiments. Impressment is the order of the day. In Dallas County, the farmers are said to have banded themselves together, resisting the impressment of wheat, and civil war is threatening.

Please excuse my prolixity, and believe that I remain, with great respect,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Numbers 309. New Orleans, December 11, 1863.

* * *

XIV. Brigadier General R. A. Cameron will proceed to Indianapolis, Ind., and there confer with the Governor of the State on the subject of filling the regiments from that State now serving in this department, making such suggestions as may be for the benefit of the recruiting for their regiments and the manner of forwarding the recruits to the department. Having accomplished this duty, Brigadier-General Cameron will return to New Orleans, and report for duty with his brigade.

* * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT SUMNER, N. MEX.,

December 11, 1863.

Brigadier General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Department of New Mexico:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your letter of the 29th ultimo came safety to hand. I am pleased to inform you that everything at the post is working to my entire satisfaction. I had anticipated your wishes in reference to Cremony's company, an order having been given him before the reception of your letter, and he is now off on a thirty days' scout, with all the disposable men of his company. I will adopt your suggestion about keeping our own stock well in hand, and having them carefully guarded.

The Navahoes, under the escort of Captain Calloway's company, arrived yesterday, and I assure you the meeting between those here and

