
the news arrivals was truly affecting. Many tears were shed on both sides. I have encamped them adjoining those already at the post, and only about 75 yards from the extreme right of my camp. They are comfortably quartered in old Sibley tents, and have had their sick cared for by the attending surgeon. Many of the little ones required medical treatment. I have just had a favorable interview with the leading men of the Navahoes, just arrived, and they (four of them, with the interpreter) express the desire to leave here in five or six days, to return to their own country and bring others in. I have already heard from you on the subject of granting passes to four of the Navahoes and the interpreter. There are now so many of this tribe collected at the Bosque Redondo that I deem the presence of their agent here of paramount importance. They are just like children, requiring some one constantly to look after their wants, and to direct them in their farming pursuits. The subject of huts for the Indians will command my attention at an early date.

I am much gratified at your sending Calloway's company to this station. It is a valuable acquisition to my force, and I needed more troops. Company I, First Infantry, California Volunteers, I know well, having inspected them several times. I don't want any better men or soldiers than they are.

I have submitted Agent Labadie's views in reference to the reduction of the ration now issued to the Apaches for your consideration. He seems to take a sensible view of the subject, and, with your approbation, I will continue to issue the ration as before, viz, 1 pound of flour, 1 1/4 of meat, a little salt, and sugar and coffee in addition to the above, to the eight chiefs or principal men. I do not think the Indians residing here are at all disposed at present to give any trouble. Should they become troublesome, such summary measures will be taken-as, in my judgment, will quell any disturbance. I beg to bring to your notice the destitute condition of the Navahoes just arrived, in point of clothing. The others have received presents of blankets, clothes, &amp;c., and these expect the same treatment. I regret much the absence of the superintendent of Indian affairs from the Territory at this particular juncture, as his presence at Santa Fe would doubtless insure to these poverty stricken Navahoes the same consideration as the others, who acknowledge themselves chastised and conquered, and justly so, by the policy you are pursuing at present in the department.

Next week the widening, deepening, and lengthening of the Azequia Madre is to be commenced; immediately after, the land for the separate farms (the one for the Apaches and the other for the Navahoes) will be broken up, as next summer it is the intention of the agent to produce large crops. The Navahoes tell me they intend to best the Apaches in their crops, as they know all about planting and the use of the azequias. They all, Apaches and Navahoes tell me they intend to beat the Apaches in their crops, as they know all about planting and the use of the azequias. They all, Apaches and Navahoes, appear contented and happy, and speak with pleasure of their prospective crops.

Very truly, yours,

H. D. WALLEN,

[Major Seventh U. S. Infantry, Commanding.]

NEW ORLEANS, December 12, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch, calling my attention to the importance of the command of New Orleans, is received. In reply, I have the honor

