
Taylor writes, by flag of truce received to-day, that part of our prisoners are at Shreveport and part at Tyler, Tex., so that some delay will occur in getting them back. I hear that Red Rive has risen 2 1/2 feet. Do not know the authority.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, December 12, 1863.

Brigadier General G. WEITZEL, U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you proceed to the State of Ohio and have conference with the Governor of the State on the subject of promptly filling up the regiments from that State now serving in this department, of which a list is inclosed herewith.* He desires that you should represent to His Excellency the admirable service already rendered by these regiments and batteries, their present depleted condition, and the importance to the State and to the country of having their ranks soon filled to the maximum. This action alone on the part of States represented in this department will give to its commander the means of insuring the success of the Union cause within the limits intrusted to his command.

The commanding general will hand you a letter to His Excellency the Governor of Ohio. He desires that you use all possible dispatch in your movements, and return to the department as soon as you feel that your mission has been accomplished.

Wishing you an agreeable and safe journey, and in the hope of seeing you soon again on duty in this department, I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

[CHAS. P. STONE,]

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, December 13, 1863.

Brigadier General W. DWIGHT, U. S. Volunteers, New Orleans:

GENERAL: By special order of this date, you have been assigned to duty at Fort Jackson, La., for temporary command. Recent occurrences at that station, which have been fully mentioned to you in conversation to-day, make it necessary, in the opinion of the major-general commanding, that an officer of high rank and good judgment should be charged with the command. He recommends to you the greatest discretion, with the greatest firmness, in the administration of affairs at Fort Jackson, and recommends also that, as soon as yo shall be furnished with fresh troops, the present garrison be relieved from all duties which involve the safety of the post. The measures which will in future be adopted with reference to that garrison will depend much upon the nature of the reports he may receive from you. You will please keep these headquarters constantly advised of the condition of affairs in your command.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

