
I have appointed, subject to the approval of Major-General Banks and of the President of the United States, Enoch Daniels captain, and Zachariah Brown first lieutenant of the first company to be reaised.

I don't know that this enterprise will result in anything of importance, but it can hardly result in much loss, and I have thought it my duty to undertake it.

As our mails are exceedingly irregular, I shall not wait for an answer, but commence as soon as possible.

I respectfully request the approval of the commanding general of the Department of the Gulf of the appointments above made.

I also request authority to operate on the coast of Florida, at my discretion, and should be glad to receive re-enforcements say 1,000 men, from the north.

Respectfully,

D. P. WOODBURY,

Brigadier-General
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Brownsville, December 15, 1863.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to inclose copies of a correspondence between Brigadier-General Hamilton and myself on the subject of powers conferred by the extradition treaty with Mexico, &amp;c., for the information and orders of the commanding general. I ask an attentive consideration of them, in connection with page 1200, Vol. XII, U. S. Statutes at Large.

I hope General Hamilton will not force any collision of authority under a vague suspicion of a "jealousy on the part of military men," as expressed by him in conversation during an interview with my request. I feel that it would not be complimentary to the major-general commanding to enter into any disclaimer on my part of any such unworthy and ungenerous feeling.

Whilst I refrain from an active interference with General Hamilton, who announces his determination to pursue his course until my power is used to restrain him, the general will readily, perceive the new position I shall be placed in when a case shall arise under the fourth article of the treaty. Mr. Brackenridge, the special agent of the Treasury Department, on th 12th instant, made a demand in accordance with the instructions of the Treasury Department of September 11, and General Orders, Numbers 88, of the War Department for all captured and abandoned property and I have ordered it all turned over.

Should it be disapproved by the major-general commanding, I will take it all back. I was compelled to sell 100 bales of cotton to raise glad to pay for 300 horses, which Fenn was in trouble about, and of which I advised you.

I have also been obliged to sell 150 more to purchase a brig-load of corn, outs, and hay, at the mouth of the river-oats, $2.50 per sack of 70 pounds; corn, $10 per cargo of 312 pounds; an hay at $75 per ton, all in gold.

The Matamoras has not yet arrived.

The Mustang, with the Thirty-seventh Illinois, arrived Saturday night. She is now raising a siege piece which we have discovered in the river.

To-morrow I send out a reconnaissance of 60 cavalry 40 miles beyond the Arroyo Colorado, and, on their return and the return of a spy, whom

