
arrest for a mutiny so palpable. For such an offense, a swift and terrible punishment alone is effective.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM DWIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. NORTHEASTERN LOUISIANA,Numbers 48. Goodrich's Landing, La., December 17, 1863.

I. Mr. J. C. Horn, a citizen of Carroll Parish, Louisiana is hereby ordered to proceed at once beyond the limits of this district for offering a bribe to the general commanding to confirm him in the possession of a certain lot of cotton. He will not return again under penalty of imprisonment.

By order of Brigadier General J. P. Hawkins:

S. B. FERGUSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Brownsville, December 18, 1863.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

I have nothing of much importance to report since my last dispatch.

No forage having arrived, and our animals constantly increasing. I have been compelled to procure a supply from day to day, at high prices, from Matamoras, or from bottoms which entered there, and pay specie, and not having money, I have converted the great staple into gold to pay the bills.

Braubach has not yet returned, but I have information that he arrived at Piedras Negras on the 27th ultimo. A few of his men have arrived, but not many. I have notice, besides the call made by the consul at Monterey for funds, about which I wrote the general, that bills will come in immediately on the arrival of the men for transportation and supplies from Piedras Negras here. I wish the general would send me orders regarding these things.

One hundred Texas Rangers have arrived at Eagle Pass from San Antonio, to take the place of the Mexican company which revolted there. Information from the interior comes that a force of 1,200 mounted men from Eastern Texas have been sent to keep open the line from San Antonio to Eagle Pass and Laredo. The importance of keeping this line open is fully appreciated in Texas, especially among officers who have large amounts of cotton on the road. Very many supplies go through Eagle Pass to Texas. Monterely is now the rebel headquarters on this frontier, an many officers are there, including some of Kirby Smith's staff. No new movement of the French from Queretaro. The citizens of that place had been required by General Bazaine to register themselves for or against the French. General Uraga had succeeded Comonfort, and had 8,000 men in the neighborhood of Guanaxuato.

I have two small reconnoitering parties out toward King's ranch one of 60 men, the other of 35 men. Our horses are in bad condition. General Garcia, with about 400 men, arrived at Matamoras from before Tampico yesterday. Ruiz is still at San Fernando. Matters are very

