
unsettled there. Ruiz appears hardly strong enough to attack. I understand unofficially that, in event of an attack, I shall be called on to send force to protect the consulate and property of loyal Americans. Rebel officers are getting frightened at the prospect, and are leaving.

I have the honor to remain, with great respect,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Brownsville, December 18, 1863.

M. M. KIMMEY,

United States Consul, Monterey, Mexico:

SIR: I have the pleasure to acknowledge your dispatch of the 13th instant, and again express thanks for your attention and kindness.

We have not received anything from New Orleans for twelve days, but I hope very soon to receive instructions regarding the funds for your expenses. Braubach's men come in very slowly; very few have arrived yet. I will take care of them as fast as they come. I believe some of them are getting into the First Texas Cavalry.

I have given a special mission to Mr. McManus. Please keep me advised regarding his movements. I mean to stand by him and support him if he is useful.

I desire to make the road from San Antonio to Eagle Pass and Laredo so perilous that neither Jew nor Gentile will wish to travel it. Please make this known, confidentially only, to good true, and daring men. I wish to kill, burn, and destroy all that cannot be taken and secured.

I presume Mr. McManus has spoken freely to you. I am sorry the company of Rangers arrived so soon at Eagle Pass.

Notwithstanding all the rumors of rebel forces moving this way, I do not think there is anything worth regarding this side of the Nueces.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

STATE OF TEXAS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Brownsville, December 19, 1863.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I arrived here on the night of the 1st instant. When General Banks left New Orleans with the expedition which resulted in the capture and occupation of this and other points on the coast of Texas, he suggested to me that there had occurred one or two failures by the forces of the Government on the Texas coast which had greatly encouraged the enemy and depressed the loyal citizens, and that, if another failure should happen, if would be magnified if I were known to have been with it. He thought it better that I should remain at New Orleans until the expedition was heard from, which I consented to do. While in New Orleans, I employed myself in relieving the wants of refugees from Texas, to the extent of my private means, and in acquiring such information as they could give me of the real condition of things in Texas and the tone and sentiment of the people.

55 R R-VOL XXVI, PT I

