
I inclose a copy of a letter of Admiral Bailey relative to his character and services. He is an educated man, edited a newspaper at Tampa at the outbreak of the rebellion, and as agent, guide, and soldier has served in almost all parts of Florida.

I respectfully request the commanding general to appoint him provisionally as captain, the appointment to take effect as soon as he has raised 80 men. He has already been transferred by Admiral Bailey to my command.

It has been customary, for obvious reasons, to apply directly to Washington and New York for supplies of all sorts, and for the means of transportation required for this district.

I should be glad to receive the approbation of the commanding general of the proposed undertaking in Florida, so that I may be justified in making the necessary requisitions upon the north.

Respectfully,

D. P. WOODBURY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 4, 1864.

The movement referred to by General Woodbury is an advantageous and proper one, but great care should be taken to avoid any surprise by the enemy. Any movement should be of a temporary character. If the supply of beef in Florida be of importance to our army, a force should be sent there sufficiently large to scour the country. This will be done as soon as the operations of the army will admit. any information upon this point will be of service.

In the meantime the general can pursue any operations that he may consider safe, but under no circumstances should he place his command where it can be surprised or overpowered.

N. P. BANKS

Major-General, Commanding.

[NOTE. - The foregoing indorsement communicated to General Woodbury leio letter dated January 5, 1864, with information that "the commission of captain of Second Regiment, Florida Rangers, has been ordered, for Mr. Crane, and will be forwarded to you."]

[Inclosure Numbers 1]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KEY WEST AND TORTUGAS,Key West, Fla., December 17, 1863.

Lieutenant James F. Meyers of the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania temporarily detached from his company (A) and regiment, will proceed to Charlotte Harbor, in charge of 29 newly enlisted men mostly refugees from the State Florida, and of 1 sergeant and 6 privates of the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania. He will camp on one of the islands in Charlotte Harbor, and enlist as many more men as possible.

Enoch Daniels will accompany the expedition as guide, and as soon as 80 men have been enlisted will probably be appointed captain or first lieutenant of the Florida Rangers, subject to the approval of the President of the United States.

Captain Daniels will be allowed to communicate freely with people living on the mainland, for the purpose of effecting more enlistments,

