
tions against the rebel army in Texas. You will, of course, feel it your duty, by the employment of scouts, to obtain all possible information of the movements of the rebel army, or of the enemies of the country in Mexico, and to make frequent reports to these headquarters. The difficulties of communication with the commanding officer of the Thirteenth Corps, who, under present instructions is likely to occupy a position on the central coast or the interior of Texas, will be so great as to make that impracticable, and we cannot rely upon receiving information from you by that route. You will, therefor, make reports directly to these headquarters, sending duplicate copies of such papers as may be necessary to Major-General Dana, in command of the Thirteenth Army Corps.

I inclose a letter of introduction to Mr. L. Pierce, jr., American consul at Matamoras,* upon whom you can rely for any important information in that quarter affecting the interests of your command or the Government.

I inclose also a letter of introduction to a citizen of Matamoras-Mr. Galvan*-who rendered us very important services during the early occupation of the river, and who I doubt not, will be ready to continue his favors.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, December 26, 1863.

Colonel E. G. BECKWITH,

Commanding Defenses of New Orleans:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding the department directs that you occupy the country in the vicinity of Madisonville, La., with all the available force at your disposal, provided, from your information you have sufficient force to insure success.

Colonel D. J. Keily, commanding Second Louisiana Cavalry, will order to report to you a force of 60 cavalry with 3 good officers.

Very respectfully, I am, colonel, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE.

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, December 26, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Troops in Western Louisiana, New Iberia:

GENERAL: The agent of the State of Connecticut is here, and offers to pay at once to every Connecticut volunteer who enlists as a veteran $300 on his being mustered in. This refers only to men who come from Connecticut.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[CHAS. P. STONE.]

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

56 R R-VOL XXVI, PT I

