HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Brownsville, December 26, 1863.

M. M. KIMMEY,

United States Consul, Monterey, Mexico:

Your very welcome and interesting, dispatch of the 17th instant has this moment reached me. As usual, I am greatly indebted to you for your information, and hope you will continue to supply. I have only time now to say that I send to Mr. Pierce, the American consul at Matamoras, three large packages of files of papers for you to-day. If you will send me down vouchers for the amount of money you have disbursed by General Banks' request for sending expresses, recruits supplies,&amp;c, and have the receipts signed and forwarded to Mr. Pierce, or other persons whom you authorize to receive the money, I will try and have them paid. Please let the vouchers specify exactly how much in Treasury notes and how much in gold is paid in each instance.

I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

N. L. T. DANA.

[P. S.] - Vouchers should be about as follows:

U. S. to A. B. C., Dr.

For----

The follows receipt in full. Let these vouchers be fully explained. There is no authority now to pay over money to anybody to disburse excepting a bonded officer of the quartermaster's department.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 87. New Orleans, December 26, 1863.

Complaints having been made to these headquarters that peaceable private families are frequently annoyed by visits of unauthorized persons, officers and soldiers of the army, and civil employees of the Government, the commanding general directs that persons residing within the limits of this department shall not be disturbed in the possession of their houses without the exhibition of written orders from proper military authority, or from an authorized agent of the Treasury Department.

The provost-marshal-general is charged with the due execution of this order; and violations of its terms or spirit will be taken cognizance of by the provost courts.

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Brownsville, December 27, 1863.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE

Chief of Staff:

At half past 12 o'clock on yesterday I received a communication from the United States consul at Matamoras, a copy of which is inclosed, marked Numbers 1.

I immediately addressed the de facto Governor of Tamaulipas, and inclose a copy of my dispatch, marked No., 2, and I ordered eight pieces

