
cavalry equipments, which were all carried back to New Orleans, without being landed. They have never been sent back. Since then, I have asked for a further supply of 300 of the same sort, but they have not arrived. The equipments of many of the First Texas Cavalry, as well as their arms and ammunition, were carried back at the same time and since then a portion were sent back on a schooner which was lost. We have as yet, received no ammunition for Sharps carbines. The arms which the First Texas brought down with them are the old pattern Sharps carbine.

Those which we have brought and which are issued to the recruits of both regiments are Sharps' new pattern and Burnsides. The ammunition of each is different, and we must have the three kinds. I brought down 180,000 rounds of Sharps. It was all carried back, and, although frequent calls have been made, none has yet reached here, and the cavalry are without ammunition. We ought to have at once 60,000 rounds of each of the three sorts. The fortifications here are nearly complete.

We get little or no cotton now, as we have pretty well cleaned out the roads, and now new lots are started out.

Nothing new from Juarez or the French since last report.

I inclose the last rebel papers which I have, and, at the risk of repeating information which you may have received from our troops up the coast, I will report Magruder is fortifying Round Top, on the Brazos. Bee is at Victoria with a considerable force, reported at 4,000, probably militia and conscripts. One thousand negroes are at work on fortifications at San Antonio. The refugees have become bolder on more defiant in Northwestern Texas, and the road from San Antonio to Eagle Pass is not considered altogether safe. In fact, some raids are reported to have been committed on trains. Captain Speed has not yet returned, but I have no doubt he will be in two days.

I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PENSACOLA.

Barrancas, Fla., December 27, 1863.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,Chief of Staff, Headquarters Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report, in relation to the organization of cavalry, that I am daily more convinced that not only one but several regiments could be raised in Western Florida, by offering to all those who are anxious to enlist into the Union Army proper assistance to come within our lines.

The two small steamers and re-enforcements, for which I applied on the 23rd and 25th ultimo (Nos. 42 and 48), and on the 5th instant (Numbers 110.), would supply these wants, enabling me to enter the Escambia and Perdido Rivers, scout to the interior of the State, and, capturing the isolated rebel posts, with their horses, collect also the refugees and deserters secreted in the woods and islands.

I beg, therefore, to renew most respectfully my former request for two small steamers of not more than 4 feet draught, and the combined brigade, so much needed.

I would also request instructions and orders regarding the payment of bounty to those white soldiers who are enlisting for three years.

Considering the general destitution of the people here, it would be

