
names of the guilty parties, and report them to these headquarters for dismissal. The evil is of such a nature as to require your prompt and summary action.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, December 29, 1863.

Rear-Admiral DAVID D. PORTER,

Commanding Mississippi Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I am in receipt of a communication from the General-in-Chief of the Army, covering a copy of your dispatch of December 2, instant to the honorable the Secretary of the Navy, concerning the guns mounted on the river front at Port Hudson.

These guns were long since ordered removed by me, and I am informed by the general commanding at that point that the removal has been effected.

At the risk of being deemed importunate, I must again respectfully call your attention to the importance of the prompt arrival in the Atchafalaya and Berwick Bay of some of your gunboats. From your intimate acquaintance with the country near the Mississippi River, you are aware of the extreme difficulty which must be experienced in conducting military operations in the Atchafalaya Basin without a perfect control of the water communications.

The river has now been in good navigable condition for several weeks, and I had been led to hope that the first rise would bring your light-draught boats to our assistance.

Very respectfully, I am, admiral, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

MEMPHIS, TENN.,

December 29, 1863-4.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief,:

Deserter just in from Mobile reports that rebels have six vessels-four iron-clads-with which Admiral Buchanan proposes to raise the blockade from the 1st to the 20th of January. Chief of these is the Tennessee of twelve ports, six guns mounted, clad with 6-inch iron; makes about 8 knots. The others are slow-not over 5 knots. I think the attempt will be made about that time. I send the information as it is, for the Navy Department. Only three regiments at Mobile.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, December 30, 1863.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.,:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of December 11, inclosing dispatch from Admiral Porter, was received on the 27th instant. Orders were given to Brigadier-General Andrews, long since, for the destruction of the

