
of forage. The estimates have been promptly forwarded, but have not been filled.

There are over 3,000 animals in this command to-day, with not a spear of hay or a grain of oats for issue. I herewith inclose consolidated estimate for December.* Similar estimates have been forwarded for the month of November.

There is great carelessness or inefficiency somewhere; and the evil should be remedied forthwith, and thus prevent great loss to the Government and secure efficiency in this command.

No grain or forage of any kind can be procured from the country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-general.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 4.]

DEPOT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Memphis, Tenn., November 25, 1863.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, Vicksburg, Miss..

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 16th instant, in regard to the want of the necessary forage at Vicksburg, and in reply would state that this depot had been entirely destitute of a supply sufficient to feed the animals at this place, until, on the 19th instant, when I received five barges of hay. I turned over two barges for transportation to Captain Hurlbut, assistant quartermaster, and on yesterday sent 1,400 sacks of grain for same, the first grain I have had this mouth that could be sent.

I am advised from Saint Louis that the cause of the trouble has been occasioned by the immense amount required by the Army of the Cumberland; that the command has now been plentifully supplied, and that as soon as boats can be obtained, this depot will be supplied also.

I shall forward as rapidly as possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. R. EDDY,

Assistant Quartermaster.

[Sub-Inclosure Numbers 5.]
HDQRS. 17TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT, OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, Miss., November 23, 1863.

Major E. D. OSBAND, Commanding at Skipwith's Landing:

MAJOR: This will be handed you by Captain [David H.] Gile, who returns on the boat for the purpose of procuring forage for our animals.

The urgency is great and immediate.

We have over 3,000 animals here, and nothing for them to eat, and have not had for several days.

You will take corn wherever you can find it, as a military necessity, without reference to protection papers, giving proper receipts, so that those who are loyal can gen their pay.

Your proper attention to this matter will be means of saving the lives of many valuable horses and mules.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General.

