
Embracing documents received too late for insertion in proper sequence.

REPORTS, ETC.

Resolution of thanks of Congress to Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, U. S. Army, and his command.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJUT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 41. Washington, February 1, 1864.

The following resolution of the Senate and House of Representatives is published to the Army:

I. PUBLIC RESOLUTION-Numbers 7.

A RESOLUTION expressive of the thanks of Congress to Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, and the officers and soldiers under his command, at Port Hudson.

Resolved by the Senate and House representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That thanks of Congress are hereby tendered to Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, and soldiers under his command, for the skill, courage, and endurance which compelled the surrender of Port Hudson, and thus removed the last obstruction to the navigation of the Mississippi River.

Approved January 28, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Reports of Colonel John A. Keith, First Indiana Heavy Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST INDIANA ARTILLERY,Port Hudson, July 14, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with your order to submit a report of the ordnance, ordnance stores, and horses captured by the enemy from our companies at brashear City, with statement of officers and men taken, I have the honor to submit the following:

At the time we left Brashear City (may 20) the morning report shows a total of 75 enlisted men and 2 commissioned officers of Company F present. Of this number there were 5 sergeants, 8 corporals, and 62 privates. The 2 commissioned officers were Captain Francis W. Nobled and James H. Brown, first lieutenant. Aggregate of Company F present, 77. Of Company H, there were left at Brashear City Second Lieutenant Jacob F. Sherfey, Corpl. Nelson C. Duzan, and 9 privates; aggregate, 11. Of Company A. 1 private; of Company B, 1 private; unassigned recruits designed for Company L, 46. Total officers and men left at Brashear, 136.

