
Of this number I am informed that Lieutenant Brown, with about 23 men of Company F, were not captured, he being in command of a light battery at La Fourche Crossing. Lieutenant Sherfey, with about 30 men, were, with two pieces of artillery, at Bayou Boeuf. Captain Noblet was attacked by the enemy from across the bay. While engaging them, and passing from the guns in position at the town to the fort, his horse was shot under him, and he made a prisoner. The place was surrendered, as I am informed, to the enemy by Major Anthony, of the Rhode Island Cavalry, and the men manning the guns in the fort were notified in person by the major of the fact. This was on the 23rd day of June, instant. On the same day Lieutenant Sherfey was attacked by a force coming down the railroad. He repulsed them, was again attacked on the 24th by the same force in his front, at the same time by a force in his rear (the one that captured Brashear).

These facts I learn from privates who were captured at Brashear and paroled. I have no official notice of the facts stated. These companies were detached from my command at the time.

I herewith transmit an exact statement of the ordnance and ordnance stores left at Brashear. There never was an invoice made of them to me by Colonel McMillan, but from the best data I can get this is correct. (See exhibit marked A.*) For statement of quartermaster's stores, see exhibit B.*

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

JOHN A. KEITH,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST INDIANA ARTILLERY,Port Hudson, July 16, 1863.

GENERAL: At your request I have reduced to writing and transmit herewith the statements of 3 men of my regiment of the surrender of Brashear City to the enemy, and the particulars so far as they knew. I have been unable as yet to learn how many of our men were captured. One officer, Captain F. W. Noblet, was captured at Brashear. It seems that the detachment of Captain Noblet, which could not have numbered more than 30 men, and these were divided into squads of from 5 to 8 men. One detachment of about 8 men was at a small earth-work called Fort Buchanan; another of 5, with a gun, one-fourth of a mile to the left of the fort and toward the town; another in the town near the depot; another near the water-tank in the ear of the town, and about a half mile from it.

Lieutenant Sharfey had a command of about 20 or 30 men Bayou Boeuf, who repulsed the enemy on the day of the capture of Brashear, but was compelled to surrender the next day.

Lieutenant Brown, with a detachment, was at Bayou La Fourche; had an engagement, in which he lost 1 man killed and 1 wounded. This command was not captured was not captured. These different detachments make up the 136 men detached from my command at Brashear.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant

JOHN A. KEITH,

Colonel, Commanding First Indiana Artillery.

Brigadier-General ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery, Nineteenth Army Corps.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

