
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Eli Nail, Company F, First Indiana Artillery, private, says:

About the 20th of June I was at Brashear City; belong to Captain Noblet's company, First Indiana Artillery. Our company was detached from regiment. We had four guns in the fort, two 42's and two 32's, and three 24's in position, one at the sugar-house and one at the depot. These were pointing across the river. One of the last named (24-pounder) was in position at the water-tank on the railroad (about 100 yards from), pointing to the rear. At this time Major Anthony, of the Second Rhode Island Cavalry, was in command of the post. There were two companies of the One hundred and seventy-sixth New York stationed at the fort; also about 50 of the Fourth Massachusetts; I think that in all there were at least 150 men in these there companies. I would say that there were representatives of at least thirty regiments in the place, principally convalescents. I myself was helping work again at the water-tank. About the time specified the gun that was at the depot was moved out to the water-tank. These guns were moved back there on hearing that the enemy intended attacking us in the rear.

Early on the morning of the 23d, the enemy opened on us from across the bay with 6-pounder guns, directing part of their fire at a small gunboat, the Hollyhock, and at the camps. One of these 24-pounder guns at the tank was then taken down to the upper end of the depot, and, after firing 6 or 8 rounds, succeeded in silencing their batteries.

Corporal Wayman was in command of the gun that I was at. About fifteen minutes after silencing the batteries, word was brought us to cease firing, as the place had surrendered. The enemy came in and took possession of the troops in town and at the fort, and them came out to our gun and took us prisoners at our gun. The Hollyhock mounted three small guns, but after firing a few shots ran off. The troops were not even called into line on the appearance of the enemy, and but very little preparation was made to receive him, although he had been expected for some days.

ELI NAIL.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

Thomas P. Burt, Company B, First Indiana Artillery, says:

There was a detachment of the First Indiana Artillery left at Brashear City to take charge of the heavy guns at the fort. At the time they were left there three of the guns were opposite Bayou Shaffer, and one in the fort above the town.

On or about the 13th of June, in anticipation of an attack from the rear, one 24-pounder gun was moved to the rear of the town, near the water-tank on the railroad, distant from the latter about 100 yards. There was, including the artillery, between 700 and 800 men able for duty, and who stood the march from Brashear City to New Orleans. There was not to exceed 30 of our regiment at Brashear City, the rest of the detachment being at Bayou Boeuf and La Fourche, on the morning of the 23d. There was from 150 to 200 men the One hundred and seventy-sixth New York supporting the battery at the fort. I was in command of one of the guns.

On the night of the 22nd the enemy threw their artillery into Berwick City, on the opposite side of the bay, and early in the morning of the 23d, between daylight and sunrise, they began shelling our camps. Not being able to reach the enemy from the fort, and having no mules to

58 R R-VOL XXVI, PT I

