
the guns, we took 2 mules from a wagon and hauled a 24-pounder down to the sugar-house, from whence we silenced the enemy's guns. Sergt. George Brown, Company F, was in charge of this gun. The Fourth Massachusetts, which was on picket about a mile to the right of the fort, on the approach of the enemy, hid themselves and their arms, and did not fire a shot to give us warning of their approach. This we got from the enemy, who said they first found the arms and then the men. (In should be stated that this was the force that came up in the rear, and not the force that was shelling us.) When we began firing there were no two guns together, or nearer than a quarter of a mile apart, and only 5 or 6 men in the detachment with each gun.

By the neglect of duty in the picket in not informing us of the presence of an enemy in the rear, they were enabled to pass through the woods and from just in the rear of the town and between the fort and the town. The sergeant in charge of the gun at the sugar-house discovered them, and brought his piece to bear on them and fired a shall in their direction. As soon as they found they were discovered they fired a volley, and then charged with a yell. The troops were not formed to resist an attack, nor was any disposition shown to do so. The detachment at fort was ordered twice to haul down the flag before they did so. Lieutenant Sherfey, who was at Bayou Boeuf, was attacked at the same time, but repulsed the enemy, and was not attacked again until the next morning, when he was compelled, from over whelming numbers, to surrender. Captain Noblet, in passing from his gun in town to those at the fort, had his horse shot from under him, and was made prisoner.

The statement of effective men does not include those at any other place. The whole number taken at Brashear City and Bayou Boeuf was something over 1,100. The estimated force of the enemy was 300. That is what is what they said themselves, and from what I saw think it correct.

We left Brashear City as paroled prisoners on the 27th instant, numbering in all about 1,000 effective men.

THOMAS P. BURT.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

Benjamin F. Smith, Company F, says:

For three or four days before the attack was made, we had been expecting an attack. Saw no preparation made to resist the expected attack until in the evening of the 22nd or 21st, when some Enfield rifles were given out to some negroes. Major Anthony, of the Second Rhode Island Cavalry, was in command, but so far as I know made no disposition of the troops to meet the attack. Captain Noblet, I think it was, issued the rifles to the negroes. There were at the time between 700 and 800 men in the place able for duty, and if they had officers to lead them could undoubtedly have whipped them, as the force which captured the post did not number more than 250 men, well armed and equipped. After the surrender the troops crossed from Berwick to Brashear City, and I would suppose that in all, when we left there, they had at least 5,000 men in around the place, on this side of the bay.

I can fully corroborate Thomas Burt's statement, as he describes the capture as I should.

BENJAMIN F. SMITH.

