
Resolution of thanks of the Confederate Congress to Captain Frederick H. Odlum and Lieutenant Richard W. Dowling.

JOINT RESOLUTIONS of thanks to Captain Odlum, Lieutenant Dowling, and the men under their command.

resolved, That the thanks of Congress are eminently due, and are hereby cordially given, to Captain Odlum, Lieutenant Richard Dowling, and the 41 men composing the Davis Guards, under their command, for their daring, gallant, and successful defense of Sabine Pass, Tex., against the attack made by the enemy, on the 8th of September last, with a fleet of five gunboats and twenty-two steam transports, carrying a land force of 15,000 men.

resolved, That this defense, resulting, under the providence of God, in the defeat of the enemy, the capture of two gunboats, with more than 300 prisoners, including the commander of the fleet, the crippling of a third gunboat, the dispersion of the transports, and preventing the invasion of Texas, constitutes, in the opinion of Congress, one of the most brilliant and heroic achievements in the history of this war, and entitles the Davis Guards to the gratitude and admiration of their country.

Resolved, That the President be requested to communicate the foregoing resolutions to Captain Odlum, Lieutenant Dowling, and the men under their command.

Approved February 8, 1864.

UNION CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,St. Louis, September 12, 1863.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans:

GENERAL: A scout formerly employed by me-a very reliable man, and formerly a resident of Texas-has just returned, and reports that he left Houston, Tex., about the last of July; estimates the whole force the rebels had in the State at that time to be about 15,000 strong, of which there were 7,000 or 8,000 at Galveston, under Magruder; about two regiments as a guard at Sabine Pass, and about 2,000 men at Houston; the remainder are scattered throughout the State guarding different posts. The troops are much demoralized, and poorly armed, equipped, and paid. The people are dissatisfied, and anxious to see the Federal armies deliver them from their thraldom.

I have thought it best to sent you this information, as it may prove serviceable.

Accept my warmest wishes for your success, and believe me to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major General.

SEPTEMBER 14, 1863.

(Received 3.30 p. m.)

General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A man whom I sent across the bay at Brashear City to converse with the people, reports Dick Taylor at or near Patterson (6

