
dispatches to Generals Carleton and West. Should it come I will immediately forward it to you to be sent on.

No New York news of a late date.

Yours, truly,

M. M. KIMMEY,

Vice-Consul.

CHIHUAHUA, November 9, 1863.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,

Commanding District of Arizona, Mesilla:

DEAR SIR: Yours of the 24th September, together with the package directed to me from the Department of State, was received on the 2nd instant.

The President has honored me with the appointment of Union States consul in Chihuahua, and I am in possession of the consulate, but on this occasion do not sign this letter officially, nor head it thus, because in that case I should have to keep copies of all the correspondence which I send above. I have not time now to do all that. Hereafter, when I am settled and have things in order, I will attend to the formalities required by law. For the generous assistance which you offer, with the object of obtaining the confirmation in the Senate, please accept my sincere thanks.

The prices of provisions, &amp;c., are, in Chihuahua, at present as follows: Corn, fanega, $3.50; beans, $3.50; wheat, $4; flour (despajada), $10 the cargo; common soap, 6 pieces for 12 1/2 cents; sugar, while, $6.75 to $7.50 arroba; sugar, brown (peloncillo), $38 to $40 cargo; beef cattle, $18 to $22 each; sheep, $1.75 to $2 each. The crop is not good, and prices will rise as soon as you create a demand on this frontier. Sheep are plentiful. In the country towns which are near the line the quantity of grain for sale is not great. The Presidio del Norte has already sold off half its crop. Coffee, $15 per arroba; tea, $3 to $4 per pond;rice, $4 to $5 per arroba. The prices of articles which are brought from interior of Mexico are subject to great fluctuations on account of the war.

I never converse with any person relative to military matters and movements on the frontier. Your caution counseling prudence and silence will be obeyed. I judge, from remarks contained in both of Cuniffe's letters, that the political enemies of the governor, terrazas, are circulating in El Paso reports about "that powder" calculated to create uneasiness in the minds of American officers and fling discredit upon this Government. If there be any person who hints to you or others that any powder leaves this State for Texas or any other point hostile to the United States, I hereby declare to you that no credence should thereto be attached. The whole report originates in malice among Afrancesados, and is emphatically a lie. I should be very sorry, indeed, if such report should reach General Carleton.

In case you advance, is there a ready outlet for paper money at El Paso! Can people go up there and buy salable goods in quantity for paper! A great deal depends upon a ready outlet for the paper which may enter this city; but on this point I have, some time back, fully expressed myself to General Carleton. I refer you to the two letters to General C., which go open. I send all letters and Texas papers, and Mexican also.

Your obedient servant,

REUBEN. W. CREEL.

