
UNITED STATES CONSULATE AT CHIHUAHUA,

November 30, 1863.

Brigadier General J. R. WEST,

Commanding District of Arizona, Mesilla:

DEAR SIR: having received letters from Matamoras by to-day's mail placing beyond all doubt the presence of our troops in Brownsville, I think it my duty to sent you such documents as I have received by express.

The express received $100 for his trip going coming. He will remain in El Paso as many days as you choose to detain.

The letters will tell you all the news from below. The Mexican papers will give you some idea of what is doing in Central Mexico, but I am inclined to think that matters are worse than they are represented. Chihuahua is doing nothing at all, the men at the head of this State being more interested in Numbers 1 than in the Republic. Very sorry to say so, but it is very true.

I send in favor of Cuniffe a draft for the $100, which please approve for payment.

Yours, respectfully and in haste,

REUBEN W. CREEL,

United States Consul.

NEW IBERIA, December 22, 1863- p. m.

(Received at New Orleans, 1.15 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

MacQuod, a scout who went into the enemy's lines from Vermillion about one month ago, returned this morning. He left Washington and Opelousas on Sunday, and came down by way of the Teche. Was imprisoned seventeen days as a spy at Opelousas. Report that he was told on Sunday that Walker's division was at Simsport on Friday. A commissioned officer was his informant. He thinks it true. He confirms the report of Green's division having gone to Texas, but thinks part of Mouton's division is at Simsport. His estimate of the troops left in the State is 7,000. The accounts are all very conflicting as to the intentions of the enemy with regard to Walker and Mouton. MacQuod thinks they recrossed the Atchafalaya because they were afraid the driftwood carry away their pontoon bridges, as the bayou rose very fast. May not the 125 row-boats at Alexandria be pontoon!

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

