1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1921
potent to df-cide, and although the Committee
of Claims m:iy bo somewhat more competent
in that respect, I venture to say they would
rather have, it referred to the law officers of the
Government,
' Mr. SPALDING. Being a member of the
Committee on Appropriations, [ desire to say
in addition to what has fallen from the chair-
man of the committee, [Mr. Stevens,] that
rr.y friend from Illinois [Mr. Washbcrxe] is
mistaken in regard to this joint resolution.
The sufoject-maiter of this resolution is not a
proper subject of investigation for the Commit-
tee of Claims. It is simply a legal, a judicial
question, and the Committee on Appropria-
tions did not themselves seek to solve it. If it
should be referred to any committee of this
body, it would properly go to the Committee
on the Judiciary. But the resolution simply
directs that the Secretary of the Treasury shall,
under the legal advice of the Attorney General
of the United States, give a construction and
interpretation to the contract entered into with
these parties.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know how this joint resolution comes before
the House.
Mr. SPALDING. It was sent to us by the
Senate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that.
Mr. SPALDING. And the House sent it to
the Committee on Appropriations. I suppose
the gentleman understands that also.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, I
understand that; but have the Committee on
Appropriations been called upon for reports
this morning?
The SPEAKER. They have not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then how
did this resolution come to be reported by them?
The SPEAKER. They are authorized to
report at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I take it
that even the Committee on Appropriations
cannot report such a bill as this except for
reference to a proper committee.
The SPEAKER. When the House pro-
ceeded to consider and debate the measure the
rule was waived.
Mr. WASHTORNE, of Illinois. _ The Com-
mittee on Ap ropriations have no jurisdiction
o^er such subjects as this.
Mr. SPALDING. The House referred it to
that committee for consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I know
that: but the House frequently sends bills to
committees that do not properly have jurisdic-
tion of them. I know that the Committee on
Commerce, when subjects are sent to them that
do not properly come within their jurisdiction,
report them back to the House, ask to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and
move their reference to the committees which
are properly charged with their consideration.
It was but yesterday that the Committee on
Appropriations reported a bill inregard to cer-
tain claims of the State of Missouri, of which
they certainly had no jurisdiction, and which
ct rtainly should have been referred to the Com-
ini'tee of Claims. I think, notwithstanding
what the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding]
has said, that the Committee of Claims is the
proper committee to examine and consider
this subject.
And now I desire to call the attention of this
House to the language of this joint resolution,
so that they may judge whether more informa-
tion is not needed by them before they confer
this power upon the Secretary of the Treasury.
What does this joint resolution provide? It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
cause the accounts of Beals & Dixon, for
deliveries of materials after the 1st of May,
under their contract with the United
Stare.-, to be adjusted and paid, and to allow
to them such additional prices as in his opin-
ion they may be entitled to under the provis-
ion-; of their supplemental contract dated Jan-
rary I. If^oT; provided that in the opinion of
the Attorney General said Beals & Dixon have
iiOxa Cong. 1st Slks.--No. 121.
j a lawful claim upon the United States for an
|j increase _of price under their contract,
i! Mr. 'WRIGHT. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. h'asheijxui:] if a supple-
mental contract was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. WRIGHT. Andis not the United States
bound by that contract?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly.
But the point I make against this joint resolu-
tion is that you are taking from the House the
authority to adjust this matter and putting it
into the hands of the Secretary of the Treasury.
I therefore move that this joint resolution
be referred to the Committee of Claims, and
.upon that motion I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was upon the
motion to refer the joint resolution to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
On agreeing to the motion, there were—ayes
46, noes 16; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Pike, and Mr. Wasii-
burxe of Illinois.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee of Claims;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land grant to minnesota.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill no 156, entitled " An act making an
additional grant of land to the State of Min-
nesota, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad in said State f' which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payment or kansas war claim.
The last business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 259, entitled "An act to author-
ize the Secretary of War to settle the claims
of the State of Kansas for services of the militia
called out by the Governor of that State upon
the requisition of Major General Curtis, the
commander of the United States forces in that
State;'' which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. "
destitute people of the district.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order is a joint resolution (S. No. 49) for the
temporary relief of destitute people in the
District of Columbia. This resolution was made
a special order for to-day after the morning
hour. The question is on ordering the reso-
lution to be read the third time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The other day, when this
measure was before the House, I had read a
statement of A. C. Richards, superintendent
of police, setting forth the necessity for this
appropriation. I now call for the previous
question.
Mr. ROGERS. Will not the gentleman yield
to allow me to offer an amendment?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will hear what the
amendment is.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to propose an amend-
ment providing that this money shall be appro-
priated without distinction of race or color.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. That is already provided
for. We have no class legislation on our side.
Mr. ROGERS. I propose further to provide
that this money shall be expended by the au-
thorities of Washington, instead of the officers
of the Frcedmen's Bureau, who will expend it
for the benefit of the colored people only.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield for that
amendment. It is nnne'eesjary.
_ Mr._ SIIANKL1N. Will t he gentleman from
Illinois yield to we?
Mr. INGERSOLL. For what purpose ?
Mr. SIIANKLIN. I de sire to discuss the
merits of this proposition.
Mr. INGERSOLL. So far as I personally
am concerned, I should be glad to afford the
gentleman the opportunity to make a speech ;
but I must be governed by the will of theHouse.
If the House desires to hear the gentleman, it
will refuse to sustain the demand for the pre-
vious question.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 44, noes 27; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Messrs. Ingeksoll and
snanklin.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 60, noes 36.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof the joint resolution was
ordered to a third reading, and read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. INGERSOLL demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ROGERS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 21, not vot-
ing 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
James m. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Bar-
ber, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomall, Buckland,
Chanler, Header W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Deming, Dixon,
Driggs, Eckley, Bgglestun, Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry,
Garfield, Grinnell, Hale, Hayes, Hendoison. Hi'rby,
Hill, Holmes, Hooper, llotehkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, James K. Ilubbell, 11 ul-
burd, Ingersoll, Kelley, Kelso, Ketchain, Lallin,
Latham, William Lawrence, Longyear, Lynch, JVIar-
vm, McClurg, McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Mor-
rill. Morris, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Patterson,Perhani, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Price, Ray-
mond, John II. if ice, Rollins, Schenck, Scoiicld,
Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
TroWbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Warner, Klihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Whaley, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Wiridom, and Wood bridge—101.
NAY S—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Coffroth, Dawson,
Denison, Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Harris, Edwin N.Hubbell, Marshall, Niblaek, Nich-
olson, Bitter, Rogers, Slianklin, Taber, Thornton,
Trimble, and Wright—21.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Blow,
Boyer, Bromwcll, Bundy, Conkling, Cullom, Culver,
Defrees, Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont, Farnsworth,
Grider, Griswold, Aaron Harding, AbnerC. Harding,
Hart, Hogan, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Jenckes,
Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kasson, Kerr, Kuykendall,
George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Loan, Marston.
MeCullough, Melndoe, Moorhead, Newell.^ Noell,
Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H.
Randall, Alexander H. Riee, Ross, Rousseau._ Saw-
yer, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Starr, fetilwell,
Strouse. Taylor, John L. Thomas, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Wentworth, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Winfield—61.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. COBB stated that Mr. McItJDOE was
detained from the House by serious illness.
Mr. DARLING stated that Mr. J. Humphrey
had been called home on account of sickness
in his family.
The result was announced as above stated.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
evening session.
At the suggestion of the SPEAKER, by
unanimous consent, the evening session was dis-
pensed with.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the lioitsq
