1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi:
to be regarded by liim. He sent provisional
governors to several of the southern States, at
whose instance a portion of the people set up
local governments. He also sent Major Hay
to Florida upon an expedition of government-
making whieli ingloriously failed in conse-
quence of the defeat of the military force which
accompanied him. I understood it to be the
idea of the late President and of those who en-
tirely supported his policy, that those govern-
ments set up under his authority and protection
should be recognized as lawful and valid gov-
ernments for those States in all respects, and
that the people who adhered to them should, as
a matter of course and of right, be represented
in both Houses of Congress and participate in
presidential elections.
A doctrine so unreasonable, so monstrous,
could not pass unchallenged. It was resisted
in Congress and resisted with success. On the
29th of June, 1864. Fishback and Baxter, claim-
ing seats in this Senate as Senators from Ar-
kansas, were rejected by a vote of 27 to 6. On
the 8th day of February, ] 8G£>, Congress by joint
resolution determined that the electoral votes
of Louisiana, Arkansas. Tennessee, and Vir-
ginia, (as well as of other southern States,)
should not be counted for President and Vice
President in the joint convention of the two
Houses then about to be held. And at the last
session, claimants to seats in this Senate from
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Virginia were not
admitted.
In all this I concurred most heartily. I thought
it unjust and scandalous that a small part of the
population of a southern State should wield the
whole political power of the State in Congress
and in the election of President. Besides, the
governments set up in those States were mili-
tary. rather than popular; they were, noto-
riously, not only set up but conducted under
military surveillance. In short, they were mili-
tary and provisional, both in origin and char-
acter, and were wholly unfit to wield the former
political power of those States in this Govern-
ment.
But, as local governments for the preserva-
tion of order and in aid of our military power,
they were, in my opinion, most proper and
useful. Local government which would other-
wise have been managed exclusively by our
military officers, under the President, was,
through them, managed and administered (as
far as could be done with safety) by the people
themselves. Those who were friendly to our
cause in the hostile section, who adhered to
us in the struggle in which we v.'oro engaged,
acted in aid of us and in subservience to our
military commanders, conducted their own af-
fairs. When our Army was in Mexico tinder
General Scott, the municipal authorities of
cities and towns who were friendly or abstained
from hostilities against us were permitted to
carry on their own local governments in sub-
ordination to our authority. I could never see
the slightest difficulty in holding that Mr. Lin-
con's provisional governors and local govern-
ments were quite regular and lawful. But it
was quite absurd to hold, as some held, that
they were State governors and State govern-
ments in the ordinary sense of those terms, and
that the minorities who submitted to them were
to be considered the whole people for purposes
of representation in Congress and for partici-
pation in presidential elections.
But now, the war being concluded, the
southern armies ha\iug surrendered, the whole
southern people having submitted to the au-
thority of the United States, the question of
the recognition of these Lincoln governments
recurs upon us. They are still in existence,
and ask recoguilion from ihe President and
from Congress as real and complete State
governments for all purposes whatsoever. It
clearly follows, from what I have said, that
the argument in their favor must be placed
upon grounds which did not exist during the,
war. Actual independence of military control,
and the acquiescence of the people of the States
interested, must clearly appear to justify the
full admission of their claims, However im-
perfect they may have been as State govern-
ments originally, however local and provisional
in character and subservient to military domi-
nation formerly, they may become complete
and acceptable State governments by the act-
or acquiescence of the people concerned, the
military power formerly exercised over them
being withdrawn. In this view, neither irreg-
ularity of origin nor an imperfect constitution
in their earlier stages need prevent their pres-
ent recognition. 1 am content to take up each
case and judge it upon the particular facts
which pertain to it.
But most of the reorganized State govern-
ments present themselves before us in a differ-
ent attitude ; they form a distinct class from
those just mentioned. They have been formed
at the instance of the President of the United
States since the termination of the war, and in
a manner which I consider to be perfectly reg-
ular and lawful. The people have, through se-
lected delegates, formed constitutions of State
government, and have, subsequently, under reg-
ulation of law, elected Legislatures and Repre-
sentatives in Congress. And their Legislatures
have selected Senators for seats in this body.
The proceeding of reorganization has been pop-
ular, although initiated by the President, and
has been free from any actual interference of
military force ; and the governments set up
have been recognized by the President as valid
and complete. Why should not Congress also
recognize them? Why should not Senators-
and Representatives chosen under their author-
ity be admitted to seats in the two Houses ? Is
the welfare of the country to be promoted by
delay in their admission, or by the total rejec-
tion" of their claims ? These questions, in my
opinion, are easily answered, and by replies
which shall favor immediate representation.
One thing is manifest: by the admission of
southern members into Congress the Union will
be completely restored. jXo severance of the
parts, however slight, will continue.
It is also to be considered that the power
to admit members by each House of Congress
is beyond dispute; for it rests upon a clear, dis-
tinct provision of the Constitution. By a sim-
ple, direct act, then, fully authorized, Congress
can at once make restoration complete.
I have not been at all troubled by the ar-
gument, sometimes urged, that these State
governments were irregular in origin; that
no specific law authorized the appointment of
provisional governors, or authorized the pro-
visional governors to call conventions for form-
ing new constitutions. What is material in the
making of a constitution is, that the people con-
cerned shall in fact make or adopt it; and the
means by, which their power is called into ac-
tion for the purpose is immaterial, if there be
no constraint.
The convention which formed the Pennsyl-
vania constitution of 1776, was called by the
Philadelphia committee of correspondence,
and not by the Legislature. No law whatever
authorized the convention, and yet it made a
constitution which stood for fourteen years as
the constitution of Pennsylvania, and the State
came iuto the Federal Union with it as her fun-
damental law. In that constitution the council
of censors established by it as authorized to
call conventions to amend the constitution, and
there was no other provision for amendment.
Yet under a simple resolution ot the Legisla-
ture a convention was chosen which formed the
constitution of 1700. which is yet in exi-'tonce.
I raav also mention, what is well known, that
several new States whose constitutions were
irregular in origin have been admitted into the
Union by Congress. It was held to be suiH-
eient that they were infect made by the people
who were to be bound by them.
A VKX;:-] N : THF eO\«T!TtTTIOX.
Having spoken to the other points proposed
to mvself for discussion at this time. I come to
the last and principal one. I mean the ques-
tion of amending the Constitution on the sub-
ject of representation.
The pending proposition of amendment was,
in its original form, introduced into the House
of Representatives on the 8th of January, by
one of the members from Maine. For pur-
poses of convenience, I shall call it the Blaine
amendment, naming it after the gentleman who
proposed it.
It was, in a modified form , referred to the com-
mittee of fifteen, reported back to the House,
and after some consideration again referred to
the committee on the 30th of January. The.
committee again reported it to the House on the
following day, when it was passed under the
operation of the previous question,_ without
general debate. The member reporting it was
permitted to support it in a speech of much bit-
terness and power, but the mouth of -opposi-
tion was closed. It is now before us for con-
sideration in the form in which it passed the
House, and reads as follows:
Article—. Representatives shall he apportioned
among the several States which may be included,
within this Union according to theirrespective num-
bers, counting the whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed: Provided, That
whenever the elective franchise shall be denied or
abridged in any State on account of race or color, all
persons therein of such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation.
By referring to one of the clauses of the
Constitution, read by me in the outset of my
remarks, we are enabled to understand the
nature and extent of the change proposed by
the resolution. By the existing Constitution
representation is based upon the whole number
of inhabitants in the States, exclusive of In-
dians not taxed. Females, children, and for-
eigners are counted, and all negroes and mulat-
toes are also counted, inasmuch as slavery no
longer exists. The computation of'' three fifths
of all other persons" besides freemen, as con-
templated in the Constitution, will no longer be
made; for there is no class of inhabitanlswhich
falls within the description of those words. They
are henceforth inoperative and useless. It fol-
lows that all inhabitants in a State, except un-
taxed Indians, are to be counted for purposes
of representation under the Constitution. And
it will be observed that the rule for apportion-
ing Representatives according to population
will be also the rale for imposing direct taxes.
Elach State is to pay direct taxes according to
the whole number of its inhabitants, excluding
Indians untaxed. The abrogation of the three-
fifths rule by emancipation applies equally to
the apportionment of Representatives and the
imposition of direct taxes. Whatever change
has been caused by emancipation appliesequally
to both these subjects.
Now,theBlaineamendment. leaving the Con-
stitution to stand upon this subject in all other
respects precisely as I have described it, pro-
vides that whenever in any State there shall
be any exclusion from the elective franchise on
account of race or color, all persons of such race
or color shall be excluded from enumeration for
purposes of representation in the lower House
of Congress. Thatis the very remarkable prop-
osition which comes from the committee of fif-
teen, andwhielihasbeenapprovedby the House
of Representatives by a two-thirds vote. _
The amendment presents an'alternative to
each State in which persons of an inferior race
or color may be found, whether Asiatics or
Africans. In the Pacific Stales it may relate
to the former, while in the southern and cen-
tral States it will apply to the latter; and the
alternative is that suffrage shall be extended to
such race generally upon the same conditions
and to the same extent that it is extended to
the white race, otherwise the whole of such in-
ferior race shall be deducted from the popula-
tion of the State in assigning it Bepresentulives
in Congress. Every State in which Africans
or Asiatics are found is to bo subjected to a
constitutional pressure in favor ol indiscrirniiiat-
ing suftnure to all races and colors ot manKind
found within its borders. If it refuse or neglect
to establish such indiscrimmating suffrage, it-
is to pay the penalty in a loss of power in the
Federal Government. And it is to be observed
that even where the disfranchisement is but
partial, the whole race, and not merely the p-ut
disfranchised, is to be deducted from the pop-
Ooxct. 1st Sk
-NO. «1.
