1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2881
them, now to stack theii arms and surrender
themselves without condition to their prison-
ers > That will be the state of affairs if the
present reeon.slruction policy of the Adminis-
tration succeeds. If in our work of recon-
struction we do not secure the rights of loyal
men who were our friends and allies in the late
rebel States, we shall come short of our duty
and be guilty of a blunder which, in such an
hour as this, is worse than a crime. Sir, I
want the loyal men of the nation, who saved
it in its hour of peril, not, only to administer
the national and State governments, South as
well as North, but to say who shall vote for
their law-makers in those States consecrated
by the blood of half a million men.
Our friends are mistaken, honestly mistaken
I grant you, but nevertheless mistaken, when
they say there are no loyal men in the South.
Sir, I know the South better than that, and I
stand here to say that I do not believe at the
time the ordinances were passed in the eleven
rebel States that more than two States—South
Carolina and Mississippi—and possibly not
more than one would have voted by ballot
at any fairly conducted election for secession
and rebellion. I grant that after the rebellion
was inaugurated a majority were carried into
it, and that a majority in all those States, unless
it be in Tennessee and Arkansas, and perhaps
even these are hostile at the present time to
this Government. But there are large numbers
of men in those States who are loyal to the
Government, and 1 desire to strengthen their
hands by giving the black man the ballot. In
that way only can we strengthen these men and
preserve the local State governments. The
unfortunate reconstruction "experiment" of
the Administration has put the loyal men, black
and white, underthefootofthetraitorinnearly
all the late rebel States, and they are power-
less and compelled to submit, because the Gov-
ernment. has bound them hand and foot and
turned them over to the tender mercies of their
enemies and ours. Sir, it is the cause of the
loyal white and black men of the South which
I plead ; it is their cause which this Congress
is fighting. What I demand, and what this Con-
gress demands, is that the loyal men of the South
shall administer their local and State govern-
ments of the South; that none shall hold the
offices, national and State, but loyal men. We
have the right to demand this.
Sir, if we would have loyal Representatives
here, we must first secure a loyal constituency
at their backs. It is idle to talk of loyal Rep-
resentatives and disloyal constituents. It is
not worth while to deceive ourselves on this
point, or attempt to deceive others. The solu-
tion of this great question of restoration is the
work of statesmen, not of demagogues. All
over the land demagogues are clamorous, and
denounce Congress because they do not at once
dcclare the late rebel States restored to all their
constitutional relations to the national Govern-
ment and at once admit their disloyal Repre-
sentatives, who have the unblushing hardihood
to approach and demand admission to this
temple. Everywhere demagogues and traitors
unite in denouncing- the Congress of the United
States because they have given six months to
the consideration of this new and difficult prob-
lem of reorganizing constitutional State gov-
ernments in eleven rebel States. Why, sir, we
have spent six months on the tax bill, a sub-
ject with which we are familiar, and which has
been in the hands of one of the ablest and most
experienced committees of this House, yet with
all the aid of the Treasury Department and
the special commission authorized by the last
Congress we could not get through with the
tax bill until last evening. This question of
taxation is an old and familiar one, and if we
commit a blunder time will develop it and
legislation can correct it. But this question of
reconstruction is a new and perplexing ques-
tion ; a question which ought to command the
best ability of the nation, because we are to walk
in new and unknown paths, paths which have
never been illuminated by the foot-print of the
statesmen who have preceded us. If we com-
39tii Coxft. 1st Sess.—No. 181.
mit a blunder it may be fatal, at least for a
generation. This Congress is honestly labor-
ing to secure an early restoration of these
States, and while I do not believe the proposi-
tions reported by the committee are all the
JoyaJ men of the South had the right to expect
and to demand at our hands, 1 shall vote for
them if I can get nothing better.
But it is said that there are no loyal men in
the South; that ail were swept into this rebel-
lion, and we are coolly and refreshingly told
that the oath must be modified in order that
rebels may be appointed to office. Sir, this
claim that there are no loyal men in the South
is a fallacy. I have lived in the South for
years, and I know that there is not a State in
which loyal men cannot be found to fill all the
offices of the State and national Government.
If they have not, then I would import them.
I would do as I advised Mr. Lincoln to do in
18G1, when he had up the question of appointing
a postmaster at Louisville. _ He happened one
morning when I was ill his room, when the
case was up, to do me the honor to ask me
what I would do. There was a loyal man who
had been always faithful to our ideas an appli-
cant for the place, and also a new convert. I
said, "If I had tlie appointing power, and
there were but one man in the State who had
voted for me or voted to maintain our ideas, I
would appoint him to the best office in the
State in the gift of the Executive, and if he
could not write his name I would appoint and
pay a clerk out of the secret service fund to
sign his name for him." You need not talk
to mc about there not being loyal men enough
in the South to discharge the duties of all the
offices there. It is a fallacy. Many honest
men of my own personal acquaintance went
into the rebellion believing it to be right; and
before the close of the war?and since the close
of the war, have come out of it just as honest,
and are satisfied that it was wrong.
Sir, I do not believe, with all the political
heresy which lias been taught at the South for-
th e past thirty years, with all the political in-
iquity which has been taught in the name of
religion and in the name of Christ in the South
by men professing to teach the Gospel; I do
not believe that all this, with the war and all
the terrible consequences which have followed
in its train, has been enough to obliterate from
the South an entire love for the old flag and
the old Union.
I know that there are men in the South every-
where capable of filling all the offices. My
judgment has been strengthened on this point
by many letters which I have received during
the war and since the war. A private soldier
in the Union Army wrote me a letter after
Sherman had passed through Georgia, in which
the following beautiful and touching incident
was related. At one of our military posts where
thousands came to receive rations from the
Government which they were madly fighting to
destroy, there came one morning a tall, elderly
lady of commanding appearance, and of evi-
dent culture and refinement, asking for bread.
When it was handed to her by a brave boy in
blue who stood proudly beneath the stars and
stripes, she betrayed emotions which she could
not suppress, and the tears stole down her
cheeks as she said, "Little did I think^three
years ago, when decking my three sons for the
war, that I would ever come to this; then I
had husband, sons, home, and all that heart
could wish; now I am homeless, childless, a
widow, and a beggar, asking alms of the Gov-
ernment which we have sought to destroy. But
it is all right. It is the punishment meted out
by Providence for our sins, and I submit."
Sir, there are thousands of just such mothers
as this in every State in the South to-day, and
there is not a loyal man or woman in this na-
tion who would not do all in their power to
alleviate their wants and bind up their bleed-
ing and broken hearts.
There is another beautiful incident which I
must not omit. Last summer, when the con-
vention met in North Carolina, in response to
the President's proclamation", to reorganize a
constitutional State government, Mr. Reade,
the president of that convention, on taking the
chair, uttered words which thrilled the conti-
nent. I have no language to tell you, Mr.
Speaker, how they touched my heart as I read
them on the shores of the Pacific. I know
that every loyal man in this nation called down
benedictions on his head. These are his golden
words :
" Fetlo'w-citizens, we are going home. Let painful
recollections upon our lato separation and pleasant
memories of our early union quicken our footsteps
toward the old mansion, that we may grasp hard
again the hands of friendship, which stand at the
door ; and, sheltered by the old homestead which
was built upon a rock, and has weathered the storm,
enjoy together the long, bright future which awaits
us."
Sir, every loyal Representative in this Hall
stands ready with open hand to-day to welcome
all who thus speak from the hearty and, sir, what-
ever of local interest or of prejudice or of passion
may have carried an erring brother info this
rebellion if he but set his face toward the old
homestead, uttering such brave words as these,
I will run to meet him afar off, and for him the
fatted calf shall be slain. But I do not pro-
pose to start out laden down with pardons and
with the fatted calf smoking hot from the oven
and hunt up and thrust both pardons and feast
upon unrepentant, malignant, and defiant reb-
els. Nor do 1 propose to stand before them,
hat in hand, and ask them on what terms they
propose to return to the old mansion. Sir,
every rebel shall resume his citizenship upon
the terms and conditions prescribed by the
loyal men of this nation, or, so far as I am
concerned, he shall remain an alien forever.
Mr. Speaker, to me the only vital and living
question growing out of this subject of recon-
struction is whether the loyal men of the South,
whether all citizens of the United States resid-
ing in the South, shall have the right of the bal-
lot. And when' I say all loyal citizeris I mean
all, black as well as white. I hold that every
man born in the United States is a citizen of
tlie United States, and that every citizen, native-
born or naturalized, has the right to a voice in
the Government under which he lives. It is a
natural right, a divine right if you will, a right
of which the Government cannot justly deprive
any citizen except as a punishment for crime.
Sir, every American citizen of the age of twenty-
one years, not convicted of an infamous of-
fense, has the right to vote for or against those
who are to make and administer the laws under
which he lives. That is the high prerogative
of every American citizen. Anything short of
that is but a mockery.
1 want this Congress, before it shall adjourn,
to insist that every man .who has been loyal to
the Government in the South, whatever his
race or color, shall have the right to the ballot.
We now have the golden opportunity. If you
do not guaranty these precious rights of the
citizen now you leave the great work before us
unfinished; and I warn you that agitation will
follow your refusal to enact justice, and that
there shall be no repose until every citizen of
the Republic is enfranchised and stands equal
before the law. Shall we falter, Mr. Speaker,
in this sublime hour of victory which God has
given us, or shall we finish the work which He
has committed to our hands by securing the
complete enfranchisement of all citizens of the
United States?
The voice of every friend of this country in
Europe, as it comes to us across the sea, cries
out to us to enfranchise the men who in the
late struggle were our friends and our allies.
From Switzerland, the grand republic of the
Old World, there come to us words of counsel
and wisdom which we ought not to disregard.
From every land beneath the sun, where lib-
erty is loved and human hearts have been
touched by our heroic struggle, there comes to
us a plea that in reconstructing this Govern-
ment we shall first of all see to it that justice
is the basis upon which we build.
And better than all this, from the loyal men
of the South, both white and black, there cornea
up to us the prayer that we will see to it that
they have justice; that we will not falsify the
