1922
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
that it had concurred in the amendments of
the House to Senate bill So. 31, to reimburse
the State of Missouri for moneys expended for
the United States in enrolling, equipping, and
provisioning militia forces to aid in suppress-
ing the rebellion ; and Senate bill No. 199, to
establish the collection district of Port Huron,
the collection district of Michigan, and to
extend the collection district of Puget Sound.
Also, that it had passed the following bills,
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House:
An act (S. No. 2ao) to remit and refund cer-
tain duties;
An act (S. No. 248) to extend the time for
the reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to aid in the construction
of a railroad? from Amboy, by Hillsdale and
Lansing, to some point on or near Traverse
bay, in the State of Michigan, and for the
completion of said road ; and
An act (S. No. 122) for the relief of John
T. Jones, an Ottawa Indian, for depredations
committed by white persons upon his property
in Kansas.
Also, that it had passed bills of the House
of the following titles:
An act (H. H. No. 150) for the relief of
Almon W. Babbitt, late secretary of Utah;
and
An act (II. R. No. 471) to provide that the
" Soldier's Individual Memorial'' shall be car-
ried through the mails at the usual rate of
printed matter.
And also, that it had adopted the following
resolution:
'Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to inform the House of Representatives that
tho Senate, having listened to eulogies on the char-
acter and public services of lion. Solomos Foot, a
Senator from the State of Vermont, lately deceased,
out of respect to his memory have voted to adjourn,
death of senator foot.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
message from the Senate concerning the death
of Senator Foot.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, but a
few weeks ago the distinguished Senator whom
we now mourn arose from his seat in the Sen-
ate and pronounced a most eloquent and im-
pressive eulogy upon his colleague, who had
been gathered to his fathers in the fullness of
his years, crowned with private worth and pub-
lic honor. And now, before the cypress leaf
is wilted, or the first gushing tear is dried, we
are called, in the providence of God, to a fresher
grief for him who so freely mingled his tears
with ours at the death of Judge Collamer, whom
none knew but to honor and love.
At that time Mr. Foot was apparently in per-
fect, health. nis constitution was unimpaired
by any exposure or excess, and his splendid and
almost unrivaled physical development gave
promise of many years of vigorous and active
life, for he possessed—
"A combination and a form, indeed,
"Where ovory god did seem to set his seal,
To give the world assurance of a man."
In speaking of tho life and character of Mr.
Foot, I shall simply attempt to do justice.
Unqualified praise of the dead is never either
in good taste or truthful. Human character is
never perfect; at best it is only good in parts.
Mr. Foot was born in Cornwall, in the State
of Vermont, in 1802. He graduated at Mid-
dlebury College with distinguished honor in
1826, and the same year became principal of
the seminary at Castleton. lie was tutor in
■ the University of Vermont in 1827 ; and again,
from 1828 to 1831, principal of Castleton Sem-
inary, and by his earnest efforts and marked
executive ability gave such an impulse and
character to the institution that it ranked for
many years among the first of the classical
school; of Vermont. In the midst of his faith-
ful and arduous labors as a teacher he devoted
the time usually given to recreation and the
rfii'.ic-d jiiva.i i.xs of social life to the study of
the law, and in was admitted to the bar
in Rutland, and immediately commenced the
practice of his profession. For five years he
was a member of the Legislature of Vermont,
and for three years Speaker of the House of
Representatives. From 1836 to 1842 he was
prosecuting attorney for the county of Rutland.
He was a member of the constitutional con-
vention which established the Senate as a coor-
dinate branch of the Legislature of Vermont,
in which body he actively cooperated with his
'late colleague, Judge. Collamer. From 1843
to 1847 he was a member of this body, and
declined a third election. In 1850 he was
elected Senator of the United States, and occu-
pied the position until the day of his death.
Such is a brief recital of the public and
official positions occupied by Senator Foot,
embracing a period of nearly a third of a cen-
tury. Born of highly respectable but com-
paratively poor parents, he was by force of
circumstances thrown upon his own resources,
and early in life acquired independent habits
of thought and action. "Without any of the
adventitious surroundings of wealth or station
or patronage, without any of that extreme
brilliancy of genius which now and then start-
les and dazzles the world, he looked upon
life as a great reality and upon success as the
reward of labor. He was rather solid than
showy. He lacked genius, but possessed tal-
ent and judgment. His qualities did not shine
forth like the greater lights in the heavens,
but there was in them a proportion and har-
mony which gave a moral grandeur to the man.
Hence Senator Foot was what we call a self-
made man. I do not attribute to him any par-
ticular credit for that. The term " self-made
man" is a much-abused one. There is no royal
road to greatness. Every man who comes to
be a power reaches it through personal effort.
The scholar is self-made, and becomes a scholar
through patientand exhausting labor and reflec-
tion. The professional man is self-made, and
so is the merchant and the artisan. That Sen-
ator Foot succeeded where a weak will would
have failed is doubtless true, and hence the
greater honor to the man. As a lawyer, Mr.
Foot was not learned. As a statesman, he
never seized upon new theories or ventured
upon untried paths. As apolitical economist,
he never originated new ideas or developed
old ones with extraordinary power; and yet,
without question, he was one of the safest
statesmen and most judicious legislators of
the age.
He did not resemble the mountain, tower-
ing to the skies, barren and useless from its
height, but rather the lesser eminence, whose
summit is covered with the forest, and whose
slopes wave with the yellow grain. He did not
resemble the terrific shower which destroys by
its violence, so much as the gentle rain which
the earth drinks and then dresses herself in
new life and beauty.
God granted Mr. Foot one of the greatest
of earthly blessings, a losing, praying, pious
mother, who early instilled into his mind prin-
ciples of reverence toward God, obedience to
authority, and love of truth; and through a
long public life the great leading characteristic
of his mind, and perhaps the highest power of
his character, was his devotion to truth; that
high ethical truth which is grounded in the
moral being and the fitness of things, lying
back of and deeper than refinements or pop-
ularities, reaching down to the inner nature
and elevating the moral forces.
" His word was as good as his bond." No
social or political combination or influence; no
sycophantic flatterer ; no dastardly and cun-
ning insinuator; no expectation of reward or
place or power ever shook the truthfulness
of Solomon Foot.
" Among innumerable false, unmoved,
Unshaken, imseduced, unterrified.
His loyalty he kept, his love, his zeal;
Nor number nor example with him wrought
To swerve from truth or change his constant mind,
Though single."
Senator Foot was a patriotic man.
"He loved his land because it was his own
And scorned to give aught other reason why."
He cherished the principles of the Declara-
tion of Independence, He believed that all
men were created free and equal; and yet sub-
ordinated his acts and theories to the Consti-
tution of the land. Constitutional liberty was
his watchword, and when by force of law ail
men became absolutely free he was the ear-
nest and fearless advocate of those measures *
designed to protect the freedman in all his
civil rights.
But, sir, when the first gun was fired at Fort
Sumter, and the cry "To arms!" echoed from
peak to peak of the mountains of his native State,
then the nobleness, the patriotism, the gene-
rosity of Solomon Foot shone forth like a star.
Calmly and serenely he metthe issue, and every-
where infused into the people his own heroic
and enthusiastic nature. And when at times
during the progress of the rebellion the clouds
seemed to lower about us, his faith in God and
liberty never faltered. He trusted in the right.
He met and performed every obligation of
duty without fear and without reproach. The
highest and proudest encomium which a public
man can ever receive is justly his. Popular
at home beyond description; elevated by the
people to almost every office within their gift;
beloved, honored, and trusted, he always and
everywhere proved himself an honest man—the
noblest work of God.
He loved his native State. To him there was
no air so pure as that which swept about her
mountains; no water so sweet as that which
bubbled from her crystal springs ; no grass so
green as that which clothed her valleys ; and
he now lies beneath the shadow of her hills,
where the wind sings his requiem and the solemn
old pines stand as sentinels over his dust.
During the long and bloody rebellion, when
suffering and death entered almost every house-
hold, no wounded soldier, no weeping sister,
no heart-broken wife or mother ever called
upon Senator Foot in vain. Their wants were
his wants. Their suffering was his suffering.
In sunshine and in rain, in sickness and in
health, by tender and sympathizing counsel,
and by active and efficient effort, ho labored
for their relief; and wo may truthfully say for
him, "When the eye saw me then it blessed me.
When the ear heard me it gave witness to me,
for I delivered the poor that cried, the father-
less, and him that had none to help him. The
blessing of him that was ready to perish came
upon m^, and I caused the widow's heart to
sing for joy."
Mr. Speaker, it is a glorious thing to live in
this world. When its Creator launched it forth
in the perfection of its beauty, the morning
stars sang together for joy. It was made for
man, the last exercise of creative power, for
man-made in the image God, into whose* nos-
trils he breathed the breath of life. It is noble
to live for the development of the soul. It is
beautiful to appreciate and enjoy all the works
of God, and all the endearing relations with
which we are surrounded. It is glorious
"To have
Attentive and believing faculties;
To go abroad rejoicing in the joy
Of beautiful and well-created things;
To love the voice of waters and the sheen
Of silver fountains leaping to the sea;
To thrill with the rich melody of birds
Living their life of music; to be glad
In the gay sunshine, reverent in the storm;
To see a beauty in the stirring lenf;
To find calm thoughts beneath the whispering tree:
To see and hear and breathe the evidence
Of God's deep wisdom in the natural world."
But more beautiful than life is the death of
the Christian.
Mr. Foot from the commencement of his
sickness seemed to feel that he would die, and
when the final summons come he was ready.
His last thought was for his country, and his
last desire to look out upon the beautiful sun-
light and this noble edifice, where he had labored
so long and where he believed the future safety
of the Republic rested; and then, as if fully sat-
isfied, with eyes full of celestial rad ancc, he
exclaimed, " I see it! I see it! The ?ate-- are
wideopen! Beautiful! Beautiful!' and the
plastic form was stilled ; the casket wo ; broken,
and Solomon Foot entered upon etc mal rest.
Mr. Speaker, the life of a good mat like that
