2882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
pledges •which the nation has made. Sir, do
gentlemen expect that we can make the pledges
-we have made, and then turn these people over
to the tender mercies of their enemies and ours
without calling down upon us the execrations
and denunciations of all right-thinking men?
If they do, they are mistaken. Shall we hear
and answer these words of counsel and wisdom
and the prayer of our friends and allies, or shall
we turn for counsel and advice to our late ene-
mies ?
We are as a nation either to go forward in the
great work of progress or go backward; we
cannot stand etill. And I am desirous to know
whether this Congress is going to attempt the
work of staying the great anti-slavery revolu-
tion which has swept over the country and oblit-
erated all the pro-slavery landmarks erected by
parties and by men. Sir, 1 have faith to believe
that neither Preifient nor Cabinet norCongress
can long stay with their puny efforts the grand
decree of the nation. He who attempts it, be
he President, Cabinet minister, or statesman,
will fall before its advancing power, and his
political grave will be marked by the skeletons
of those who for the past quarter of a century,
having betrayed liberty, were wrecked along
the political coast and to-day lie unburied and
unhonored because there were none so base as
to do them reverence.
Sir, I know that our hour of triumph may
be delayed; but I have faith to believe that we
cannot be defeated. Let the ballot be placed
in the hands of every loyal man in the South,
and this nation is safe—safe from rebellion, safe
from repudiation, safe from a war of races, safe
from the domination of traitors in its councils.
Sir, without the ballot in the hands of every
loyal man the nation is not safe. The ballot is
the only sure weapon of protection and defense
for the poor man, whether white or black. It
is the sword and buckler and shield before
which all oppressions, aristocracies, and spe-
cial privileges bow. Sir, Air. Lincoln, in a let-
ter written to Governor Hahn, of Louisiana,
pleading for the right of the black man to vote,
said most beautifully and, as I believe, prophet-
ically that 1' in some trying time the vote of. the
black man may serve to keep the jewel of lib-
erty in the family of freedom."
1 believe this most fully ; and believing it,
I would be false to myself and false to my
country if 1 did not demand it. If I were a
black man, with the chains just stricken from
my limbs, without a home to shelter me or
mine, and you should offer me the ballot, or a
cabin and forty acres of cotton land, I would
take the ballot, conscious that, with -the ballot
in my hand, rightly used, all else should be
added unto me.
Sir, I would like to know whether there is
one professedly loyal man in this nation who
would rather confer the ballot upon a traitor to
his country than upon a loyal black man who
has fought to save the Republic. I should like
to hear such a man speak out here or else-
where. Sir, however mucli brazen-faced im-
pudence there is in every public assembly,
there is no man in this House so bold or so
bad as to make such a declaration.
Air. LE BLOND. With my colleague's per-
mission, I wish to ask him a question. I infer
from his remarks that he is in favor of negro
suffrage. I wish to know whether he is in
favor of negro suffrage in the States.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Everywhere.
Air. LE BLOND. In the State of Ohio?
Air. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Everywhere.
Air. LE BLOND. Then I wish to ask the
gentleman another question: does he claim
that Congress has the power to confer the right
of suffrage upon negroes in the States?"
Air. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, sir, I do not
intend to put my self on record against the right
of Congress to do that. I am not prepared
now to argue the point with my colleague; but
I will say to him that when the time comes for
the American Congress to take action on the
question, I will be ready to speak. I will not
say now whether I would vote for or against
such a proposition.
Air. LE BLOND. I wish to ask my col-
league one more question: is he in favor of
the report of the reconstruction committee ?
Air. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, sir, I am
voting for it.
Air. LE BLOND. Is my colleague in favor
of keeping the States out until the conditions
prescribed in that report are complied with?
Air. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If my colleague
had listened to my remarks and to the amend-
ment which I presented, he would not have
felt called upon to interrupt me to put this
inquiry.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to inquire
why the gentleman yields the question of suf-
frage, as he does, in supporting the proposition
of the committee.
Air. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Because I can-
not get it. [Laughter.] Is not that a fail-
answer ?
Air. LE BLOND. That is honest.
Air. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Now, sir, let us
look at this question for a moment from the
stand-point of the black man. And he who
will not look at this question from the stand-
point of the black man is unfit to sit in judg-
ment on this question. Let me ask gentlemen
on the other side, with whom I always deal
fairly, suppose your ancestors had been in
bondage for two hundred years, and that this
nation—this nation of hypocrites and liars for
more than eighty years—had enslaved and de-
graded you as no people were ever degraded
before—making merchandise of your entire
race, while professing Christianity and a love
for liberty. I say suppose this to have been
your condition when this war begun—a war
inaugurated on the part of your masters to
establish a government which should perpetu-
ate your bondage—and after becoming satisfied
that we could not conquer your masters with-
out your aid, we had invited you in the hour
of the nation's agony to join our army and
help put down the rebellion, promising you
your freedom, and that you had come two
hundred thousand strong, and had stayed, if
you did not turn, the tide of battle, thereby
giving us the victory. I say suppose this to
be the case, and after the rebellion had been
crushed and your masters were put down by
your aid, we had coolly and unblushingly
turned you over to the control of local State
governments administered by your late mas-
ters. I ask, what kind of justice would you
call that?
Air. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire 
Air. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If you will an-
swer that I will yield the floor.
Air. ELDRIDGE. Was that so from the
beginning?
Air. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It was so with me.
I do not know what issue the gentleman had.
So far as his votes indicated, his position was
on the other side.
Air. ELDRIDGE. Was that the position
of Air. Lincoln and those who supported him
from the beginning of the war?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not think it
was at the beginning.
Air. ELDRIDGE. Was it at the end of the
war?
Air. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Air. GARFIELD. I move that my col-
league's time be extended.
Air. LE BLOND. He is entitled to credit,
and deserves extension. [Laughter.]
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Air. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr, Speaker, I
want my friend from Ohio, or any one on that
side of the House, to tell me, if after having
fought, to save the nation under the promise of
freedom and the protection of his life and prop-
erty, what would be his feelings toward those*
who committed the great crime of turning him
over to the control of his enemies and ours?
What would you say of such a Government?
What would you say of the honor of its rulers?
Sir, I know not what other men would say. but
if I were a black man I would not submit. I
would rather be the slave of one man who had
a pecuniary interest in my health and life than
to be the slave of a State whose government
was controlled by my late masters. It is a ter-
rible thing to be the slave of a State whose gov-
ernment is administered in the spirit of caste.
Sir, if the members of this House could witness
what I have often seen, free men made the slave
of the State, they would know how intolerable
is such a condition, and would not sleep soundly
if by their vote they permitted four million peo-
ple, who were our allies and friends in this late
war, to become the slaves of a State whose
government was in the hands of rebels.
Air. HIGBY. They have reenacted the same
laws.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. These laws have
been reenacted in some of the so-called recon-
structed States, as my friend from California
remarks. Sir, I repeat, if this great injustice
was done me I would not submit; and I tell
you that these four million people, soon to
increase to ten millions, will not submit to such
monstrous legislation. If I were a black man
I would rather go into rebellion and revolution
than submit to such an intoleVable wrong. I
would take my children and go daily with them
to the altar and swear eternal hostility to those
who thus betrayed me. I would consecrate
all the powers of mind and strength which I
possessed to brand those with infamy who had
been so false to my people, and to put them
into history along with those who, in every
generation, have disgraced the world as the
betrayers of mankind and enemies of the
human race.
Sir, nothing can give such security to the
poor man as the ballot. The prejudice of caste
is strong, but the ballot will soon banish its
baneful spirit. If in the days of Know-Noth-
ingism the Irishman h'ad not had the protection
which the ballot alone could give him his con-
dition wouldhavebeen intolerable. How much
more intolerable the condition of the black
man without the ballot when completely under
the dominion of his late slave-master!
Air. ELDRIDGE. Let me ask a question.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Not now. When
Richmond fell, when Lee surrendered, when
the last rebel army surrendered, and the bells
all over the North were ringing out their peals
of joy, who were the men that stood up first in
this Union and asked for mercy to a fallen foe?
The men who had a right to speak, Garrison,
Phillips, Beecher, Greeley, Bryant, and Gerrit
Smith—the men of heart, of intellect, and of
soul. While they demanded justice for black
men and the loyal men of the South, they plead
also for mercy to a fallen foe.
When I came here last spring to see the
President he was talking about making treason
odious, and declaring that traitors should take
a back seat. I was more anxious to secure
justice to our friends and allies than to exe-
cute vengeance on our enemies. All we asked
then and all we ask now is justice—justice to
our friends and mercy to a fallen foe. All we
ask now for white men and black men in the
South and in the North is justice ; and 1 tell
you, that by the blessing of God, we intend
to have it. Be not deceived. You cannot
always postpone the demands of justice. As
a nation we have learned by sad experience
that we cannot trample upon it with impunity.
Neither laws nor customs nor despotism can
silence its claim, because it is a principle im-
planted by the Creator in every human heart,
and can never be wholly eradicated by the self-
ishness or tyranny of man. lie who under-
stands the simple teachings of the golden rule
comprehends the application of justice alike
by Governments and men.
It needs no learning or superior wisdom to
interpret it. The ignorant black, so recently
a slave, and the moat scholarly white alike
understand it. Justice demands liberty and
equality before the law for all. It speaks m
the heart of every man, wherever born, with an
inspiration like unto that which spoke on the
day of Pentecost with tongues of fire. Woe
