1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1923
of him we mourn is not confined to its irame- j
diate and most apparent results. Its influence
lives on, inspiring other men to lives of noble-
ness and duty. It is the pillar of fire by night
and cloud by day that safely guides us in our
weary wanderings. Let us mark it well, so
that when to us the last dread summons comes
we each may—
" Gk>, not like the quarry slave at night
Scourged to his dungeon, but sustained and soothed
By an unfaltering trust, approach our graves
Like one who wraps the drapery of his couch
About him and lies down to pleasant dreams."
I submit the following resolution:
Resolved. That, as a further mark of respect for the
deceased, the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BAXKS then pronounced a eulogy on
Senator Foot. [It will be published in the
Appendix. j
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
on becoming a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives in the Thirty-Third Congress in
the month of December, 1853, I first made the
acquaintance of Solomox Foot, then a Sena-
tor in the Congress of the United States from
the State of Vermont. I had known something
of his previous political history and was aware
that he had enjoyed, in a high degree, the
respect and confidence of the people of his
native State. To possess the confidence and
receive the support of the citizens of Vermont
is no meager or indifferent compliment. No
State has ever guarded more carefully the
selection of its representatives in the national
councils ; for within my recollection no man in
either branch of Congress from that State has
ever proved faithless to liberty, or has ever had
the stain of dishonor or venality upon his gar-
ments.
It is in the Green Mountain State that there
is to be found the type of the truest democracy,
resting upon the immutable basis of universal
intelligence and public virtue. In no State can
be found a loftier patriotism, a more ardent love
of liberty, and a more undying hatred of slavery
than among the constituents of the late distin-
guished Senator from Vermont. When mad-
dened treason raised its parricidal hand to tear
down the fabric of our Government, and the
torch of civil war was lighted, the people of no
State rallied with greater alacrity and enthu-
siasm than the peojile of the State of Vermont.
Her brave and hardy sons filled all her high-
ways and by-ways; they came.forth from her
hills and valleys, and from all the gorges of
her ever-green mountains, and marched "with
the rapidity of the eagle to the defense of their
imperiled country, and to vindicate the lionor
and the glory and the unity of the Republic.
I say, sir, to have been honored and trusted
by such a people to the extent that Mr. Foot
was honored and trusted, is one of the highest
compliments that could have been paid to a
public man. As has been stated, he entered
the Senate in 1850, and being twice reelected,
served continuously till the time of his death.
Hence, he served through the most exciting
and turbulent period of our whole legislative
history, and was a participant, in the revolution-
ary scenes which, to the philosophic observer, .|
were the omens of that terrible civil war that ' ,
has drenched our country in blood. I saw him j
in the Senate in the Thirty-Third Congress, one ;!
of the little band of courageous and patriotic j
men who resisted with unsurpassed ability and
eloquence the repeal of the Missouri coinpro- ;j
mise. i
I saw him when the slaveholders, in the j
pride and insolence of their power, undertook ;
to "crush out" in the Senate every aspiration '!
for liberty and every noble and elevated senti- j
mont of fieedom; when treason, upheld by a j
perfidious and treacherous Executive, stalked t
through the Senate Hall with brazen impu- ;j
donee, and when the galleries howled their j
:ippl:>.ic.-.e of traitois. I ndaunted and undis- |
in,i\ed, while all the political* elements were '
lashed into f'urv around him, he bore himself i
m a manner becoming an American Senator, ,
and courageously vindicated his own opinions ';
and the sentiments and convictions of his own
liberty-loving constituents.
From his long association and thorough
acquaintance with the southern Senators, Mr.
Foot early fathomed their wicked designs and
their treasonable purposes, and from the mo-
ment those purposes found an utterance in the
hostile cannon that opened upon Fort Sumter,
his heart and soul, his thoughts, and his ener-
gies were all given to his country. With a loy-
alty so devoted- and uncompromising, with a
love of country amounting to a passion, he
everywhere denounced treason and its aiders
and abettors with the most vehement indig-
nation.
At the time of his death he was the oldest
member of the Senate in consecutive service.
Every year increased his reputation and con-
firmed his character as a steadfast friend to his
country, an enlightened statesman, and a wise
and mcori uptible legislator. He was a man of
education and intelligence, of a vigorous intel-
lect and an enlightened understanding; of giant
strength and an imposing presence, he was a
' enuine specimen of a Vermonter. AsPresiding
Officer of the Senate for a long period he dis-
tinguished himself by his promptness, dignity,
urbanity, and fairness. He brought to the dis-
charge ofall his duties a conscientious devotion
to the best interests of the nation. Active, in-
dustrious, vigilant, no duty to his constituents
and the country was ever left unperformed, and
so prompt and regular was he in attendance upon
the daily sessions of the Senate that it could
besaidofhimasthe historian says ofthe younger
Cato, -'he was always first at the Senate and
went out last."
Mr. Foot bore a prominent part in all our
legislation during the war for the Union, and
his influence and vote were always given to the
most energetic measures, and those best calcu-
lated to strengthen the hands of the Govern-
ment in its gigantic task of saving the country.
'To the Administration of Mr. Lincoln he gave
a warm and even an enthusiastic support. I
had occasion to know of the strength of his
attachment to that distinguished man, and to
know how gratefully his friendship was recipro-
cated. Mr. Lincoln had not, in the whole
length and breadth of the land, a more earnest
and sincere friend; and no man stood by him,
through all the perils and difficulties of his
Administration, with more unflinching devo-
tion ; and the people of Illinois will cherish this
remembrance with gratitude.
And when the time came for the represent-
atives of a great and heartstricken people to
pay the last tribute of respect and affection to
the memory of their martyr President, it was
fitting and proper that Mr. Foot, the Pater Sen-
atus. should, as the chairman of the joint com-
mittee of the two Houses, be charged with the
management of the proceedings. Profoundly
anxious that the ceremonies should be worthy
the august occasion, he entered on his duties
with zeal and enthusiasm.
He devoted himself with untiring energy to
the accomplishment of the purpose. ISTo man
understood better than he did what belonged
to such an occasion, and he gave his personal
attention to all the details and saw for himself
that nothing which was necessary to be done
was left undone. The day was cold, stormy,
cheerless. At an early hour Mr. Foot's duties
commenced. The crowd was great and the
piessure for admittance was tremendous, aud
lie had to exert himself to the utmost to see
that order was preserved and that the arrange-
ments were properly carried out. And all who
were present know how admirably and satis-
factorily everything passed off.
Though it was my fortune to be associated
with him in that duty, it is but just to say that
all the credit of the successful management of
the ceremonies belonged to him. AiVer the
proceedings were over, exhausted and over-
come with fatigue. Mr. Foot went to his lodg-
ings, and that night was attacked with the
disease which terminated his life. I saw him
at his rooms two days after he was taken sick,
and he then believed himself so far recovered
that he would be enabled to go with me the
next morning to call on the distinguished cit-
izen who delivered the eulogy and to convey
to him the resolution of Congress requestinga
copy of the same for publication. He was not,
however, able to go, but sent his colleague in
the Senate, Judge Poland, in his place.
On the next day, Friday the 16th day of
February, the late Senator from Vermont ap-
peared in the Senate for the lastfime and made
his final report as chairman of the joint com-
mittee ot arrangements, and his last motion
was, that "the report and accompanying pa-
pers be printed." He continued to take a deep
interest in the publication of the Eulogy and
the proceedings connected therewith, and the
last official act of his life was to^pprove a por-
trait of Mr. Lincoln, which is ro be the front-
ispiece to the volume of the published pro-
ceedings.
Mr. Speaker, when we contemplate the great
changes that have taken place among the pub-
lic men who were associated with Mr. Foot
when he first entered the Senate, and since the
time when you and I first entered these Halls,
wearc admonished how fleeting aud evanescent
are all things human. How few are left to
struggle oil but yet a little longer, to buffet the
waves and encounter the storms and the tem-
pests of political life:
" Apparent ran nantes in gurgite vasto."
Vermont mourns the loss of her faithful and
devoted public servant, and the nation shares
in her grief. He followed, alas! too soon, him
who had so lately been his colleague. The
mournful accents of eulogy pronounced in this
Chamber upon the illustrious Collamer had
scarcely died away before we were called upon
to follow to the grave his companion, adviser,
friend, so long associated with him in the ser-
vice of the country.
These two great American Senators, both
alike eminent for their Christian virtues, their
eminent statesmanship, their devoted patriot-
ism, their long and useful public services, and
their unsullied integrity,, have passed away, and
the places on earth that have known them will
know them no more forever. They have gone,
but they have left, to the country the richest
Icgacy in the recollection of their well-spent
and honored lives.
Mr. IXVWSOW I rise, Mr. Speaker, to
second the resolution of the gentleman from
Vermont.
In the discharge of public duty the paths of
the Senator and the Representative of neces-
sity lie measurably .apart. Most of Mr. Foot's
political convictions were not mine. With
such obstacles in the way of intimate relations,
either private or official, I cannot, of course,
reveal those finer and higher qualities of his
nature, winch great spirits like his never parade
before the world, and display only upon im-
pulse to the most sincere and affectionate of
friends. But I know of him what all men knew
of him. and I esteem it a privilege, which any
just man might seek, to add my voice to the
universal exclamations of sorrow which his
death has wrung from every part of the land.
It is unnecessary to repeat here Mr. Foot's
long and arduous services in public place.
The country is familiar with his record. It
is enough that his own State kept him so long
in the Senate that at the close of his life he
was regarded as the father of the body—the
oldest of all in continuous service. He mingled
in tho^e deba'es of the Senate which the com-
mon judgment of mankind assigns a plaee
beside the grandest specimens of classic ora-
tory. when they were conducted by statesmen
who were the rivals of Chatham, Burke, and
Fox.
He sat under the impetuous eloquence of'
Clay, the terse and severe logic of Calhoun,
the rich and luminous periods of Vv ebster. He
was there amid those portentous scenes which
preceded the late civil war, when all hearts
were oppressed with the deep dread of coining
disaster, when the friends of free institutions
