1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2883
to the statesman or party or nation which
tramples on this principle! Its complete rec-
ognition by our Government will bring us
national grandeur and national glory, and se-
cure unity, peace, prosperity, power. Its rejec-
tion will tarnish the fair fame of our country,
and bring discord, dissension, adversity, war.
Let the corner-stone of each reconstructed
State be justice and the cap-stone will be liberty.
With liberty and justice as the fundamental
law of our national and State governments
there can be no war of races, no secession, no
rebellion. It is injustice and oppression which
bring dissension and war. The opposite will
bring harmony and peace. He who votes in-
justice to-day wjll be held accountable by the
people now, and in the great tribunal of human
history will be justly chargeable with all the
oppression, wrongs, and wars which must fol-
low the enactment of injustice into law. The
law-maker who demands nothing for himself
which he will not concede to the humblest cit-
izen is the only true statesman. Make the
community of interests one by guarantying
the equal rights of all men before the law, and
the fidelity of every inhabitant of aoch a com-
monwealth becomes a necessity not only from
interest but from a love of justice.
Sir, this Congress is writing a new chapter
in American history. Let every man whose
great privilege it is to record his name where
it will stand forever, so record it as to secure
the triumph of justice, and his name and mem-
ory shall have a life coequal with the Republic.
Sir, he who has comprehended the logic of
the terrible conflict through which we have
passed and studied with profit the lessons
which it has taught, will have learned the point
at which in our great march as a nation we
have reached, and know something of the
course which in the future it will travel.
Animated for many years by conflicting, sec-
tional, hostile forces, I have lived to see since
my entrance into Congress these antagonistic
views so modified and melted into one that to-
day the condition is accepted by all patriotic,
right-thinking men, and the historian without
confusion can make up the record. If this
war has taught us any one lesson mtfre clearly
than another, it is that we are inseparably one
people, that this continent can never again be-
come the abode of human slavery, and that in
all our future deliberations in these Halls old
antagonisms will cease to divide us, and our
hopes and aspirations become one, because our
interests are one.
Let this measure, or those which the Senate
may perfect, pass and go into the Constitution
of the country; let the propositions before us
become the law of the land, and you will have
done something toward securing the triumph
of justice. Pass these acts, and justice as a
flaming sword will stand at the doors of the
nation's council halls to guard its sanctuary
from the presence of traitors. Pass them, and
he who approaches this temple of liberty shall
pause at the threshold before entering and
swear eternal fidelity to the Republic.
Let these propositions pass and the proposed
amendment of the Constitution become part of
our fundamental law, and a generation shall
not pass away before witnessing the complete
enfranchisement of every freeman and the
entire abolition of all class legislation.
In this faith and with this hope, believing
that Providence in the future as in the past
will overrule all for our good and supply where
we have failed, I am prepared to give my
voice and my vote for whatever measure a
majority of the loyal members of the Ameri-
can Congress may adopt for the restoration of
the States lately in rebellion.
Mr. LATHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask now to have the ques-
tion answered which I put to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Asiiley,] namely, what does
he mean by a loyal man ? I doubt very much
■whether ho can answer it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from West
Virginia [Mr. Latham] has the floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
from West Virginia will allow the gentleman
from Ohio to answer the question. I under-
stood him to say he would answer it when he
got through.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has resumed his seat.
Mr. ELDRIDGE-. I think he waited to
answer the question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from West
Virginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. LATHAM. Mr. Speaker, wo seem to
have fallen upon an age of theories. We are
told from day to day with much seeming sin-
cerity and an air of the most profound polit-
ical sagacity that the Union when restored must
be restored upon a basis which will make it as
permanent as the everlasting hills and as in-
vulnerable as the throne of the Eternal, and
with such safeguards that even treason will no
longer bo possible within its jurisdiction. I
need not refer to particulars or quote author-
ities or precedents upon this point to show that
I state the case fairly. To attempt to do so
would be but to recite a hundred speeches
made upon this floor during the present ses-
sion, and the daily editorials of a thousand
newspapers, made and published throughout
the length and breadth of the land during the
same period, and would be only an insipid
reiteration of what everybody knows. The
people have heard so much upon this subject;
they have heard such declarations so often and
so confidently made, and by those whom they
have confidence will do what they themselves
say ought to be done and must be done, that
those of them who really love their country
and are devoted to their Government are almost
ready to believe that the long-looked for mil-
lennium will be ushered in with the recon-
struction of the Union.
The only question with them is, how is it to
be done? The nation has been in labor upon
this subject for six months, until recently re-
lieved by the delivery of the congressional
committee on reconstruction. All now, ex-
cept a few copperheads and their sympathizers
in the country, throw up their hats and exclaim,
"It is done! Eureka!" Now, sir, my mind
is not so constituted and has not been so edu-
cated as to enable me to weave fine-spun theo-
ries or to comprehend the metaphysical affin-
ity between principles which seem to have no
connection with each other; and it is for the.
purpose of stating as briefly and candidly as
possible the difficulties under which I ant la-
boring with reference to the series of measures
now under consideration, with a view to having
those difficulties removed by the Gamaliels of
the House, at whose feet I so .willingly sit, that
I have sought this opportunity of addressing
you. And as I desire to be as brief as possi-
ble, I will enter at once upon a statement of
my case.
With reference to the disqualifying bill re-
ported by the committee, but which is not now
under immediate consideration, I have no dif-
ficulty; and you may extend the disqualifica-
tion of the enemies of my country to any extent
you please without doing any violence to my
feelings. All 1 ask with reference to this bill
is an opportunity to vote upon it. I confess,
however, that I do not see that the bill adds
anything to the disqualifications which now
exist, or disqualifies any one who is not dis-
qualified by existing laws. No one who ever
gave voluntary aid to the rebellion is now per-
mitted to qualify in any position of trust under
the Federal Government without taking the
test oath; and of course no one would be per-
mitted to take the test oath and enter upon the
discharge of official duties under the Govern-
ment if it was known at the time that he was
committing perjury.
further, should it be objected that ihe test
oath may be decided unconstitutional or that
it may be repealed by a majority vote, I reply-
that the test oath and this bill stand constitu-
tionally upon exact!)' similar foundations. But
I pass lo the consideration of the measure
under immediate consideration.
Now, sir, the prominent idea with mo, and
with gentlemen who advocate this measure, is
to restore the Union upon a basis which will
secure the future peace of the country. This
idea is inseparably connected in my mind with
whatever is denominated a plan of reconstruc-
tion or restoration. Now, I propose to exam-
ine the provisions of this bill and test them
severally and as a whole by this rule. This
bill recites an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States as having baen'submitted
by Congress to the several States for their final
action, and provides, in substance at least, that
the ratification of this amendment shall be a
condition-precedent to the right of represen-
tation in the eleven States lately constituting
the so-called confederate States of America.
This amendment contains four distinct propo-
sitions.
The first provides that no State shall make
any discrimination in civil rights of citizens of
the United States on account of race, color,
or previous condition of slavery. If the term
"civil rights" be construed not to include what
is properly understood as "political rights," I
think this provision just within itself, and that
it probably includes nothing more than the
Constitution originally intended to include.
But, sir, we are not called upon to consider
this proposition as connected with this bill on
its individual merits. That was dono when it
was under consideration by this House as a
constitutional amendment. We arc now called
upon to consider its bearing upon reconstruc-
tion—liow, under its operation, rebellion and
treason will bo rendered impossible, or 'the
Government will be made stronger to resist
and overcome them. This, sir, is the point
which is beyond my comprehension, and upon
which 1 desire information.
In what way would constitutional equality
of " civil rights'' prevent the manufacturers of
Massachusetts, the distillers of Pennsylvania or
elsewhere, or the cotton-growers of the South
from resisting forcibly the execution ef unjust
and oppressive laws, or from attempting to
establish an independent government, if in their
opinion such government, would be more con-
ducive to their best interests than the Federal
Government? In a word, what additional
security for future peace wouldbe given by this
provision, or what additional power would it
give to the Government to crush rebellion or
punish treason ? Besides, sir, the " civil rights
bill," which is now a law. and is enforced in
Tennessee by Tennessee State officers, covers
exactly the same ground as this amendment;
and yet the Congress which passed this bill
refuses to recognize the right of representation
in a State which enforces it by its own officers,
until the Constitution can be amended in a
particular which when accomplished will givS
to Congress no power which it has not exercised
without the amendment.
The second proposition in this bill is to base
representation upon suffrage instead of aggre-
gate numbers, as at present. I confess 1 am
more doubtful of the merits of this as a dis-
tinct proposition than of the other. Taxation
and representation are principles the separa-
tion of which has never before been attempted
or for a moment countenanced by the Ameri-
can people. Their attempted separation by
the British Parliament precipitated the Amer-
ican Revolution, and their union was the one
principle upon which our forefathers were
united throughout the bloodiest conflicts and
darkest hours of that ever-memorable strug-
gle. It is the principle which was submitted
to "wager of battle," vindicated by the sword,
and baptized with the best of patriots' blood.
Shall we now abandon it on the plea of party
expediency only, and for an experiment which
has so far been discarded by the wisdom of the
world? Suffrage has never in the history of
the world been made the basis of representa-
tion, at least by any Government which docs
not itself prescribe the qualifications of elect-
ors. And, for one, I should hesitate before
throwing what I believe would prove so cor-
rupting an influence upon the political morals
of the country. 1 am willing, however, that
