THE CONGRESSIONAL" G&OBE.
February 21,
monopolize all power; and is a rule which pro-
duces such result wise, salutary, and just? It
is in conflict with our principle of government
by the people, while it is practically mischiev-
ous and evil.
Impelled by these considerations, founded
upon experience in the practical workings of
free government, men of great ability and wis-
dom have sought for devices of various kinds
by which the mischiefs of the majority rule
should be checked and reduced to their mini-
mum. From their reflections a doctrine of con-
current majorities has been deduced and vigor-
ously and elaborately expounded by the elder
Adams and by Mr. Calhoun. The views of the
latter, as applied to our own Government,
led to the proposition of a dual Executive,
■which, just before the rebellion, was presented
and defended in the Senate by Mr. I-limter, of
Virginia, in an elaborate argument. That prop-
osition was impraetieable, for several reasons,
and did not command any considerable amount
of public favor. It was wholly inadmissible, as a
practical arrangement hi this country", and may
be dismissed to its place among things obsolete
on earth. But minority representation, which
it illustrated and applied, is an idea which must
be entertained in all governments pretending to
be free. It was not ignored by uie men who
made the Constitution of the United States, nor
has it been ignored in State constitutions. All
chocks and balances, as they are called, in our
American constitutions, tend to the protection
ofminorities, and were intended for that purpose;
and various constitutional provisions might be
pointed out by which power and influence are
secured to them in government. J am ofopinion,
an opinion founded upon much independent and
earnest reflection, that we require additional
provisions in our constitutions, State and Fed-
eral, for the protection of minorities in their
interests and rights ; and if time permitted,
"1 should be glau to present the arguments by
whi<>h_ this opinion would be vindicated and
established. One I'onn in which minority rep-
resentation might, be made to appear in the
Constitution of the United States, would be as
a provision that, in all elections for President of
the United Slates, the candidate second highest
in electoral votes .should become President of
the Senate, with the power of objecting to bills,
• liable, however, to have his objections over-
ruled by a two-thirds vote. Thus tile minority
of the people, who would, nevertheless, bo a
part of the people, and entitled to bo hoard in
some wav in tho Government, would bo rep-
resented here by thei'■ ehoseu chief or leader,
who would be armed with a real power for
defending them against new measures of hos-
tility or aggression.
But L must hero content myself with a bare
suggestion, without, producing tho arguments
in its support or referring to those most perti-
nent facts, scattered throughout our history,
by which those arguments might be illustrated
and confirmed. Nor shall f refer to objections
to it which, however plausible or striking at
first view, would, upon examination, wholly
disappear. I must, pass on to consider what,
ia more appropriate to my pieseut argument,
an improvement in the present, mode of se-
euriiiL; representation in the lower House of
Congress.
Lord John Russell, in his reform bill of 1854,
proposed that in cities and boroughs returning
three members to Parliament, no elector should
vote for more than two, which would have the
effect of permitting a minority of two fifths of
the constituency to return one member. And
in our country by constituting plural districts,
that is, districts electing more than onemembcr.
an arrangement securing minority along with
majority representation might bo nlade. But
the course of recent thought and inquiry npon
this subject in Great, Britain, and to some ex-
tent nl&o in this country, has been toward what
is called personal representation—tho most
just, equal, complete, and perfect plan of rep-
resentation ever proposed fov a free State. The
elaborate and admirable work of Mr. Hare,
of England, upon this subject deserves the care-
ful study of every American statesman, and'will
produce perfect conviction, both as to the merit
and necessity of the change proposed by him
in electoral systems. And it has the hearty
and emphatic indorsement of John Stuart
Mill, the greatest living authority upon ques-
tions of political economy and constitutional
law. He describes it as—
"A scheme which has the almost unparalleled-
merit of carrying out a- great principle of govern-
ment in a manner approaching to ideal perfection, a®
regards theobject in view, while itattains incidentally
several othdr ends of scarcely inferior importance."
Assigningto Pennsylvania, New York, Ohio,
or any other State where more than one Rep-
resentative is to be chosen, a number of mem-
bers proportioned to population under tlie con-
stitutional rule of distribution, the manner of
their selection may be regulated to secure, in
fact as well as in theory, the representation of
the voters of such State. Taking into account
the number Of voters in the State, an electoral
ratio or'number itiay be fixed as necessary to
the election of any candidate. Any citizen of
the State obtaining that number of votes shall
be considered elected, and his votes may be
derived from any of the qualified citizens of the
State wherever they may reside Within its limits.
The regulation of details, the time, place, and
manner of voting, the formal returns of voting
and verification of*results, and the provisions
by which surplus votes to a candidate will be
avoided, and by which the filling of every seat
in Congress which belongs to a State shall be
secured, must, of course, follow, and must be
made clear and convenient of execution. Thus
any number of voters in a State equal to the
number required for the election of a member
to Congress can unite their suffrages upon the
candidate of their choice and elect him, not as
the antagonist of another candidate, but. simply
as the recipient of their votes. And the prac-
tical result will be that votes will be cast only
for candidates who willbe elected, and who will
represent truly and fully the people of the State.
Each' interest in the State, whether political,
local, economical, or social, if it be of any con-
siderable magnitude, can have its appropriate
representation by having its votes counted ef-
fectually for the purpose for which they were
given. Modes for concentrating the necessary,
number of votes upon a candidate can be estab-
lished by State laws, and by the voluntary action
of the people themselves. I do not at this time
proposo to go through the inquiry of the appli-
cation of the plan in tho States, but simply to
indicate its general character and its immense
superiority over the existing plan, by which
partial representation only is secured.
The advantages of personal representation
are too obvious for denial or question when
they come to be understood. Among them I
shall select but, two or three for present notice.
1. Personal representation would continue
men of ability arid distinction for long pe-
riods of time in Congress. Such men would
not hold their seats subject, to the changes of
party majorities in their'own neighborhood, or
to the uncertainties and intrigues of nominating
conventions, as at present. So long as a num-
ber of men in a State requisite to the election
of a member desired a member's continuance
in public service he would be continued, and
no intrigue or combination of hostile interests
could defeat him. I'lie consequence wouldbe, in-
stead oi two-yenrnnd four-yearmenin the House
of Representatives—always just beginning to
learn and never fully instructed in public busi-
ness—we would have fen, twenty, and thirtv-
vear men, trained and disciplined to public
service, who would confer character upon the
House, and give stability, consistency, and wis-
dom to the laws. At the same time, the expi-
ration of membership at the end of every two
years would retain fully the power of popular
control over tho House.
2. Personal representation would give to
each important ini ercst in the country a weight
or power in the House, exactly proportioned
to its number of electors. In short., the opin>
ions of the country would be thoroughly and
truly represented by the House, resulting in
Wise legislation and more general content-
ment and acquiescence in the proceedings of
Government than we now have.
3. A still more notable advantage would be
the abatement of party violence, and conse-
quently of corruption in congressional elec-
tions. This will become evident to any one
familiar with our present electoral system who
will carefully consider the proposed plan and
trace out its inevitable results. A fierce strug-
gle for a small majority of votes for one can-
didate over another, now so familiar a case,
would rarely, if ever, be known. You would
get real, just, entire, and complete representa-
tion of the people, without turbulence and with
little of contest, and the evils which now flow
from partisan contests would be greatly checked
and reduced.
For the introduction of personal representa-
tion into our system of government no amend-
ment of the Constitution of the United States
would be necessary. So far as I can perceive
it can be established, or authorized, by an act of
Congress, the existing statute relating to State
representation in the House being repealed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to make a single
remark upon one point of the speech to which
we have just listened. If I had the presump-
tion to reply to such a speech, I certainly should
not attempt it at this hour. I always listen with
pain to any remarks of a sectional character or
calculated to array the presumed interests of
one section of the country against those of an-
other, and the more so when they appear in &
speech which evinces such careful study and so
much ability as that to which we have just list-
ened, But tho single point to which 1 wish to •
call the attention of the Senate is the reference
which the Senator from Pennsylvania has made
to organization of the committees of this body.
Those remarks we have almost every year, and
always in the newspapers, after the announce-
ment of their organization. Promotion upon
the committees in this body is very much as it
is in the Army and Navy. Whether that be a
good rule or not, I do not pretend to say: but
the rule is, and the practice of the Senate is,
that whenever a Senator enters this body he is
assigned to some committee, and no other Sen-
ator of the same party, as a general rule, is
assigned over his head upon that committee,
but every other Senator of the same party
comes in after him, and whenever, by vacan-
cies in the places above him, he is the senior
Senator of tho dominant party upon that com-
mittee, he is made chairman of it,. It is accord-
ing to that rule that the chairmen of all the com-
mittees have with very few exceptions been
appointed. When I first entered this body
New England had not a single chairmanship.
Mr. BUCK ALE W. The Senator will per-
mit me to interrupt him. In former times I
understand it was complained that the South
monopolized these positions. The only thing
that is now to be complained of is that the
East has inherited her position.
Mr. ANTHONY. The South monopolized
the committees by precisely the same rule that
the Senator complains of now. When I en-
tered this body, I say, there was not a single
chairman from New England. There was not
one from New York, although New York was
then represented with very great ability, as she
is now. The present Secretary of State was
then a Senator upon this floor from the State
of New York. lie was not made chairman of
any committee, but both he and the present
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, represent-
ing the groat State of Ohio in this boch', were
excluded from all committees on the ground
that they did not belong to u healthy" organi-
zations. 1 hat was the rule that prevailed when
the friends of the Senator from Pennsylvania
were in power. And how was the State of
Pennsylvania treated then ? The same banner
of the Patent Office was borne aloft then by the
predecessor of the Senator who bears it now.
fhe same chairmanship was assigned to the
State of Pennsylvania then as is assigned to it
now, TJi6 Stats! of Illinois had no chairman-
ship, though she was represented certainly by
