3844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
For the information of the House I will say
that the gentleman from Maryland was i)Ot
elected until the August preceding the com-
mencement of this Congress, and he cannot
draw Jiis salary, there having been another
member elected from his district to tl)e Thirty-
Ninth Congress who neyer qualified. J ask
the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. For what purpose?
Mr. PHELPS. To make an explanation in
connection with this subject. _
Mr. WILSON", of low:*.. Oh, yes, sir; I
withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to state that the case
covered by the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Iowa is precisely the case which has
been already acted upon by this House in rela-
tion to the claim of Mr. Daniel W. Gooch, a
member elected to this House from the sev-
enth district of the State of Massachusetts,
who resigned his seat for the same purpose
that the predecessor of my colleague [Mr. J.
L. Thomas] resigped his, and he did it about
the same time. He resigned his seat for the
purpose of accepting the office of naval officer
of the port of Boston, and the predecessor of my
colleague, Colonel Webster, resigned to accept
the coilectorship of Baltimore. That has es-
tablished a precedent in this case, in \yhich the
amount of pay from the time the Congress com-
menced on the 4th of March has been awarded
by this House in the case of Mr. Gooch, and
should be awarded for the same reasons to Col-
onel Webster in the case now pending. That
is the explanation J wish to make. I trust the
House will not put itself in the position of hav-
ing awarded this pay to a member from Massa-
chusetts and under the same circumstances re-
fuse to a memberfVom Maryland the same emol-
ument.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not lyish to
encumber this resolution with anything in rela-
tion to the pay of Mr. Webster. I understand
that there are two other members in the same
position.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to offer, a substitute
for the resolution.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will hear what
it is.
Mr. PHELPS. It is precisely the same res-
olution that was passed in the case of Mr.
Gooch, but applying to Colonel Webster, the
name only being changed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If it only relates
to that of course 1 cannot yield to have it offered
as a substitute. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PIIELPS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Iowa a single question.
The S PEAKER. The House is acting under
the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have no objec-
tion to the gentleman asking me a question, if
the Ho.wse will permit it.
No objection was made.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to ask the gentleman
if, in his opinion, the passage of this resolution
would reverse the action of the House in the
case to which I have called attention, and pre-
clude Colonel Webster from receiving the same
emolument that has been already voted to Mr.
Gooch, of Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not suppose
that the passage of this resolution would pre-
vent the House from disposing of so much of
its contingent fund as would pay Mr. Webster
from the 4th of March up to the 4th of August.
That is a question for the House to consider.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire now to offer my
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The State of Iowa is now
being called, and the gentleman does not rep-
resent that State.
COINAGE, WEIGHTS, AND MEASURES.
Mr. KASSON submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be directed,
if compatible with the public interests, to commu-
nicate fo'tliis House any information he has received
from the United States commissioner general to the
Paris Exposition in relation to international move-
ments for a reform of the system of coinage, weights,
and measures.
PAY 01? HON. E. II. WEBSTER.
Mr. HUBBABD, of Iowa, submitted the
following resolution, upon which he called the
previous question:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be, and he is
hereby, directed to payHon. E. H. Webster, who was
clectcd a member of the House of Representatives
for the Thirty-Ninth Congress, from the second dis-
trict of Maryland, the amount of his salary from the
4th of March,1865, to the day of the date of his resig-
nation as a member of this House.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the -motion
to reconsider upon the tphle.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF CLERKS OE COMMITTEES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, submitted
the following resolution, upon which he called
the previous question:
Resolved, That the several clerks of the commit-
tees of the House, whose pay has heretofore been four
dollars per day, shall be paid at the rate of five dol-
lars per 'la3- during this Congress for the time actu-
ally employed.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WARD. I rise to a question of order.
There has been adopted by this House a resolu-
tion directing that all propositions for increase
of salary or compensation of the employes of
this House shall be referred to the Committee
of Accounts without debate.
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered
the main question to be now put, no member
making that point in time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. . With the
permission of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Ward] I will say that the salaries of most
of these clerks have been increased at this rate.
And this is but simple justice to the others, if
we are going to deal alike with all, "without
regard to race or color," and all that sort of
thing.
The question was taken upon agreeing to
the resolution; and upon a division there were
—ayes 43, noes 29 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ward, and
Mr. Washburne of Illinois, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 63, noes 35.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WARD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was accordingly agreed to.
Mr. WASIIBU RNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was agreed to ; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
exempting pensions prom taxation.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill exempt-
ing pensions from the internal tax; which was
read a, first and second time.
The bill was read at length. It provides
that from and after the passage of this act any
person receiving a pension from the United
States is hereby authorized to deduct, in addi-
tion to the $600 now exempted, the amount
of su,ch pensions in making the return of his
or her income required under the internal rev-
enue law.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. INGERSOLL.- I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay oe hon. r. s. hale.
Mr. KUYKENDALL submitted the follow-
ing resolution, upon which he called the pre-
vious question :
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be, and is
•hereby, directed to pay to Hon.R.S. Hale, from the
sixteenth congressional district of New York, the
amount of salary due from March 4 to August 24,
1865.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. KUYKENDALL moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed to ;
and also moved to lay motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pay of house clerks and employes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of privilege, to the correction of the
records of the House. It will be recollected
that the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wood-
bridge J introduced a resolution providing for
the increase of pay of the clerks and employ^
of the House. I moved an amendment pro-
viding that the salaries of all officers of the
House which had been increased at the pres-
ent session should not extend beyond the first
day of next Congress. That was the nature of
my amendment, as the Speaker will very well
recollect, because he made the suggestion. But
the resolution has been engrossed so as to read
"shall not extend beyond the first session of
the next Congress." I ask that the correction
be made in accordance with the facts.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot state
whether the gentleman from Illinois said '' first
day of the next Congress" or "first session of
the next Congress." The gentleman did not
reduce his amendment to writing; and the Clerk
took it down as he supposed was intended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I said "the
first day of the next Congress." I offer the
following resolution, to conform to what I be-
lieve the House understood:
Resolved, That the salaries of the employes of the
House, increased at this session of Congress, shall not
extend beyond the first day of the next Congress.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman having
already offered one resolution, unanimous con-
sent is necessary to allow him to offer another.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I object.
Mr. COOK. I submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the salaries of all officers of the
House, increased at the present Congress, shall not
extend beyond the first day of the next Congress.
Mr. ROLLINS. I suggest to the gentleman
to modify his resolution by inserting after the
word "officers" the words "and employes."
Mr. COOK. I modify the resolution in that
way.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. We have
heretofore agreed to grant these employes a
certain amount, and no doubt they have drawn
it. Why should we now take it back?
Mr. COOK. This simply limits the increase
to the present Congress. I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
On agreeing to the resolution, there were—
ayes fifty-seven, noes not counted.
So the resolution was adopted.
