1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQiBJS,
two of the ablest men upon the respective sides
of this Chamber.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Douglas was chair-
man of the Committee on Territories.
Mr. ANTHONY. Not when I came here;
he had been left off then. And yet the small
State of Florida, smaller than Rhode Island
in point of population, had the important posts
of chairman of the Committees on Naval Af-
fairs and on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I am very happy to hear
the explanation made by the Senator from
Rhode Island. I have not had the slightest
disposition to speak harshly or unkindly of
anything that has been doneby the Senate, or
to speak unhandsomely or critically of its prac-
tices and habits of action. I have no griefs of
my own. But, sir, the Senator misconceives
the point of my observation. I did not refer
to this subject for the mere purpose of making
complaint, of making myself the organ of the
grief of other men, or to express my own. _ I
referred to it in illustration of the existing
inequality of power by which necessarily so
much of patronage and of influence and of
authority in connection with the Government
is given to one section of the country.
Nov.-, sir, the Senator's explanation, which
is very well as far as it goes, does not cover the
point of my argument, which was this: that be-
cause one section was over-represented it had
all this power here. Accepting that represen-
tation as a fact, these consequences flow from
it. Now, (he Senator, in reply, proceeds to tell
me that'these consequences are legitimate and
proper under the circumstances. Does he not
perceive that if some six of these very good men
of the East, who are chairmen of committees,
wove distributed in other sections of the coun-
try all these facts would have had no existence.
It is that distribution of these individuals in the
outset, under the existing rule of the Consti-
tution, which is justly obnoxious to criticism,
and not so much the practice of the Senate after
they are here. I would not subject any of the
gentlemen that represent the East to indignity,
much less to insult.: I would not criticise them ;
I woulcl not for anything in iliis_ world injure
their feelings or wound their sensibilities; but,
sir, in discussing a question of the basis of
power in this Government, gentlemen must
permit me to refer to notorious facts and to
show how that power is organized and show
how it does act in this Government: and I do
not feel myself open to the charge that I am an
enemv of anv person within the class covered I
by the argument which I submit. What I say
is, that if wc are about to redress inequalities
ticular time there was but one man left on the
committee east of the mountains; I was the
only man: and the other six came from other
sections of the country. The body would not
allow any man except myself to go on the
committee-from New England, and I suppose
the reason was in order to preserve the balance
of power'.
Now, the Senator from Pennsylvania sees,
looking at that, that New England does not
control the formation of the committees. It
may be unfortunate for the country that sev-
eral of us have been here so long that we snc-
ceed frjra sort of natural order to these places;
but it is very easy for the Senate to correct
that injustice and impropriety, if it be such, at
any time, and certainly nobody will submit to
it with better grace than I will.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator will ob-
serve, from, what I said, that I am rather in
favor of gentlemen continuing here for long
periods of time. I only think that equality and
justice would be consulted liy a distribution
which would bring some of these veteran mem-
bers from other sections.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator cannot
have it otherwise, for he is aware that the Con-
stitution has provided for that particular mat-
ter of Senators, and so provided for it that it
cannot be changcd; it is unchangeable without
the consent of the States themselves. He is
also aware that when equality of representation
was secured to the Stales in the Senate, it was
with a perfect knowledge that it was and must
be unequal "in its very nature. It was so ar-
ranged so that the Senate should represent the
'States and not the people, and to prevent^ the
great States like Pennsylvania and New York
from overpowering the little ones like Maine
and others. , „ .,
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yes, Mr. President, but
the Senator introduces an amendment here to
change the Constitution, and hence arose this
verv inquiry.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not in relation to
Senators. • . _ .
Mr. BUCKALEW. No, sir: but in relation
to Representatives, where the change will be
advantageous to his own section, and I am
putting the argument home to him in turn.
: Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Pennsyl-
! vania [Mr. Bucxaxew] commenced his care-
i fully prepared speech by assuring the Senate
that he had remained silent during the past
three rears of excitement because reason was
powerless when addressed to passion. The
Senator gave us to understand that he had not
wasted reason, thought, culture, upon the
stormv passions engendered by the war, but
perfection iu our system, we arc
the inequalities, we are not to bare our hand
agaiuht the southern section, omitting a blow
equally necessary and equally required by the
facts upon an eastern interest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make an ex-
planation of one fact to show how _the power
of New England over the formation of the
committees is exemplified. T have been for
some years chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, and 1 succeeded to that dignity from
the fact that I was the oldest member who was
left upon it of the party that came into power
a few years since. It so happened in the pro-
cess of time that the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, who sits before me, [Mr.
Clark,] was selected upon the same commit-
tee : and a most valuable member he was.
Mr. BUCKALEW. No doubt of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Everybody who knew
under the Constitution of 1789, if we are about MTm;' i1P
to repair the errors of our fathers, to improve : now when reason had resumed her empuc lie
m>on their work, if we are to attain to an ideal j| had come forth to instruct his country I
we n re to strike at all | listened to the Senator s speech, thus rather
vauntinslv introduced, and regretted to hear a
studied "effort to excite passions and arouse
sectional prejudices. Tlie Senator has aimed
his shafts at New England and at her repre-
sentatives in the Senate. There is nothing
original in what the Senator says. This is
not the first time New England has been as-
sailed for her representation in the Senate,
and for her influence in the councils of the
nation. Rebels and rebel sympathizers have
hurled their shafts at New England even in
these later davs of stormy passions m which
the Senator has refused to mingle.
When the Con stituiion was formed, A ew Eng-
land had eight of the twenty-six Senators—
, now sue lias
one sixth
neavlv one third of the body
twelve of the seventy-two Senators-
of the body. Her power is diminishing m this
body and will continue to_ diminish. V, hen^the
him knew lie would be. It" was considered ,! Constitution was adopted, quite as gi\
•« 1 . . i n - -r n ,1 1 • , •  ! -.4-,4 *-« r\ -<-i rr Inn rsf J
that it was too much altogether for New Eng
land to hold such a power in the Committee \
on Finance: it would not do to have two from
New England; and therefore my friend (instead .
of myself, who ought to have been turned otf ■
instead of him,) was turned off that committee j
and sent somewhere else. So far did toe jeal- ;
ouhV go with reference to that matter, that in j
the formation of that committee at that par- I
at me-
ns now.
qualities existed among the State'
The illustrious statesmen who framea the Con-
stitutiou knew and recognised tnat laci, tiicj
based the Senate upon the States, and upon the
equality of States. They were so determined
in that policy of equal State representation m
the Senate that they provided that_ tne Con-
stitution should never be amended in that re-
spect without the conscnt of every State. I he
framers .of the Constitution placed this.pro-
vision beyond the poller of the people ;ev&r to
change it while one State should object, and
every State entered the Uijion upon the distinct
assurance that State equality in this body should
remain forever unchangeable. The. Senator-
from" Pennsylvania now tells us that a change
will be proposed and will yet come. Hoes not
the Senator remember that five .years ago it wa$
proposed to add six amendments to the Consti-
tution in favor of slavery and make them irre-
pealable without the consent of all.the States,
and to make the provision allowing slavery to
be represented, and the provision requiring the
surrender of escaped fugitives from labor to be
made irrepealable, as is this equal State repre-
sentation }n the Senate? No one then suggested
that this provision, that in-express language c?in
never be repealed without the consent o.f all the
States, could be changed by the action of three
fourths of the States.
The Senator suggests that the Senators from
New England are actuated by local interests ■
and love of power in their action regarding the
admission of the representatives of the rebel
States. Nothing can, be more unjust to those
Senators. It is without the shadow of fairness
or justice, or the semblance of truth. Does
the Senator from Pennsylvania believe that the
eastern Senators are actuated by such motives
of interest an d by the love of power ? I do not
believe that Senator, on reflection, will Say
that he thinks the Senators from New England
are governed by such motives. I can say be-
fore God that I am actuated by no local inter-
ests, no love of power in opposing the imme-
diate and unconditional admission of the rebel
States into these Chambers; and I know my
associates from New England too well to be-
lieve for a moment that they are actuated by
interest or the love of power. Thousands of mii-
lionsofmoneyof have been expended, and hun-
dreds of thousands of brave men have bled for
the unity and liberty of the Republic. I desire
—my associates from New England desire—to
see these vacant chairs filled at an early day by
the representatives of the States that rebelled
and rushed into civil war. We will welcome
them here; but before they come it is of vital
iiD portaiice to the country, to the people of all
sections, to the interests ot all, that all disturb-
ing questions should be forever adjusted, and
so adjusted ns never again to disturb the unity
and peace of the country. It is now the time
to settle forever all matters that can cause es-
trangement and sectional agitations and divis-
ions in the future. Nothing should be left to
bring dissensions, and, it may be, civil war again
upon our country. The blood poured out to
suppress the rebellion must not be shed in vain.
I hone, and 1 .know the Senators from New
England ardently hope, for the speedy adjust-
ment of all matters between the different sec-
tions of the country.
The Senators from New England, unukethe
Senator from Pennsylvania, remained not silent
during the great civil war through which the
i nation has passed. They have spoken j
! have spoken for the unity of their country and
| the freedom of all men. They have spoken for
! their country, their whole country, and for the
! rights of all its people of every race. Their
past is secure, and the imputations of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania will pass harmless by
them. I have listened to the Senator with atten-
tion. and deeply regret that lie has imputed
such motives to Senators from the eastern
States, and I trust that Senator will regret it
on further reflection.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President- 
Mr SUMNER. The Senator from Nevada
having the floor, will he give way to me to move
an executive session?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
executive session.
On motion of the Senate*
proceeded to the consideration of executive
j business; and after some time spent therein
j the doors were reopened, and the Senate ad-
I journed.
