1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!,
3845
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POLITICAL RIGHTS OF REBELS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to':
Resolved, That the Secretary of War' be, and. is
hereby, directed to furnish this House with copies or
opinions given by members of the so-called cabinet
of the confederate States of America to Jefferson
Davis, at or about the time of the fiegotiations pre-
ceding the surrender of Johnston to General Sher-
man, concerning the effeefc of such surrender upon
the political rights of the people then in rebellion
against the United States; and also any other papers
in tho War Department relating to the same subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLICATION 01? MAIL CONTRACTS, fiTC. '
Mr. BAKER. By request of the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, I submit the following resolution :
Resolved, That tlie Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repealing
so much of the act of June 25,1864, to expedito and
regulate the printing of pwblic documents, and for
other purposes,- as dircets tfut-t the annual reports of
the Postmaster General of offers received and con-
tracts m;i.do for conveying the mails be no longer
printed, or of repealing so much of the act to change
the organization of tho Post Othee Department, ap-
proved July 2, 1-836, as requires such reports to be
annually made to Congress.
The resolution was considered and agreed to.
PAYMENT FOlt SLAVES ENLISTED.
Mr. HAI1DIN6, of Kentucky, submitted the
following resolution, on' which he demanded
the previous question :
Resolved, That the debts and obligations of the
Government should bo held sacred-, especially such
as have been solemnly recognized bylaw as just, and
their payment provided for by appropriating and sot-
ting apart a fund for that purpose: and the repudia-
tion of any such debts, whether they be for partial
compensation to lo>al men for slaves taken and em-
ployed in military service by the Government or for
other property, should be discountenanced and con-
demned by all loyal men and by every department
of the Government.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 23, noes 70.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, called for
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. KERR. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. On that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 32, not voting
62; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison,. Ames, Anderson,
Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Banks, Benja-
min, Bidxvell,Bingham, Boutwcll,Buckl.tnd, Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkliilg,
Dawes, Deha.no, Deming, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley,
Bggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Grinnell. Hart, Hen-
derson, lligby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbarcl, John H. Hubbard, James it. Hubbell,
Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kel-
ley, Kctcham, Kuykendall, Lafliu, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Longyear, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Marston, Marvin, McClurg, McKce, Miller,
Moorhcad,Morrill, Moulton, Myers, Newell,O'Neill,
IVrliam, Pike, Plants, Price. Raymond. Alexander
H. Rice, Rollins. Sawyer, Schenck, Scolicld.SheHa-
barger, Spalding. Stevens, Thayer, Trowbridge, Van
Aernain, Ward, Warner, ElihuB. Wa^hbunxvUcary
D. Washburn, Wilham B. Washburn, Welker, Went-
worth, Whaley, Williams, James F. Wilson, and
Wmrtom—88. %
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Boycr, Dawson,
Ehlridge, Finck, Glossbrenner, Gridor, Hale, Aaron
Harding, llogan. Johnson, Kerr, Latham, McCul-
lough, Mc-Iluer, Morris, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
Phelps, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross,
Rousseau, Sitgrcaves, Taber, Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, and Wright—32.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Barker, Baxter,
Bcaman, Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Brom
Griswold. Abner C. Harding, Harris, Ilaycs, Hill,
Chester D. Hubbard,DemasHubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, Humphrey, Jones, Kelso, Le Blond, Loa.n,Mc-
Indoo, Mercur, Orth. Paiue, Patterson, Pomoroy,
Radford, William H. Randall, John H. Rice, Sh&nk-
li?, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Upson, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield,
and W oodbridge—62.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
During the vote,
Mr. TROWBRIDGE stated that Mr. Cof-
froth and Mr. FarquBak were detained from
the House by illness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The SPEAKER then announced that the
morning hour had expired.
dqrekce atwatbr.
The SPEAKER laid before the House 6.
communication from the Secretary of War
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House, the papers in the case of Dorence
Atwater, late a private in the general service
United States Army; which, on motion of Mr.
Hale, was ordered to be printed and referred
to the select committee on the subject.
public lands in california.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, in compliance with a resolution of the
House, transmitting a report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office in relation
to the public lands within certain limits in the
State of California; which, on motion of Mr.
Higbt, was ordered to be-printed and- referred
to the Committee on Public Lauds.
brevets in the reoolak akjlt.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the House, a report of all brevet ranks con-
ferred upon officers of the regular Army since
April 12,1861, to the date of the report; which
was ordered to be printed and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
merchants' national bank of washington.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed, Mr. Speaker, by the Committee on
Banking and Currency to make a report in
the case of the Merchants' National Bank of
Washington.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the reading' of the report.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I was
going to move that the report and the docu-
ments referred to therein be ordered' to be
printed.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield if the motion embraces the printing of
the entire testimony.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
agree to that. 'The testimony is submitted
with the report, and is voluminous; and it
appears to me if the report and documents
referred to therein be printed it will be quite
sufficient. There are some six hundred pages
of the testimony. I think a great deal of it
will be found to be of little interest. The re-
port and the documents referred to are all
that can be needed to give the public a com-
plete knowledge of the whole subject.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then I
shall exercise my privilege and call for the
reading of the report. .
Mr. HALE. I have the floor, and yielded
to the gentleman- from Massachusetts, but if
the reading of the report be demanded I hope
it will be withdrawn. _
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I shall
insist on haviag the report read ; and I move
that all of the evidence taken be printed with
the report.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to suspend
the rules, so as to dispense with the reading
of the report.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the report for the present.
pacific railroad.
Mr. PRICE. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad Senate bill No. 20, granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the States of Missouri and
Arkansas to the Pacific coast.
Mr. WRIGHT. I object.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. KASSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report back the"
amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
387, making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year en-ding 30th June,
1867. As preliminary to the proposition l
have to submit I wish to make a brief state-
ment. This is the regular Indian appropria-
tion bill, intended to provide supplies- called
for by treaties with the various Indian tribes.
It was so reported from the Committee on
Appropriations, and it went to the Senate as a
bill appropriating about two million one hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars. It comes back
from the Senate appropriating something over
four million dollars. Nearly all ofthe $2,000,000
added in the Senate is for supplies called for
by new treaties made with the Indians. _
In connection with these new treaties, the
Committee on Appropriations have proposed
to non-concur in the amendment of the Senate,
pro forma in order to obtain proper informa-
tion from the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate touching the provisions of the treaties under
which these grants are made. Some of these
treaties introduce a new practice and provide
annuities for forty years, while formerly they
were limited to twenty years, with here and
there an exception as far as thirty years. The
Committee on Appropriations have deemed it
proper, if possible, to come to some under-
standing with tho Senate as to tho extent to
which the treaty-making power should be car-
ried in binding us to carry out treaties.
I wish here to submit a statementof the yearly
appropriations for Indian expenditures. In the
year 1829 the appropriation was $199,102 53;
in 1839 it was $603,693 45; in 1861 it was
$1,822,930 43 ; in 1863 it was $1,866,835 88;
in 1864 it was $2,131,865 67 ; in 1865 it was
$2,257,932 96; in 1866 it was $8,036,848 91;
and now, under this bill, it is about $-1,050,000.
With this increase in the appropriations for
this one branch of the public service, mainly
arising from the unlimited discretion of the
Senate in making treaties with Indian tribes,
it has seemed to the Committee op Appropri-
ations ueeessary, in connection with this bill,
to come to some understanding that will limit
this extravagant increase in the appropriations
for this branch of the public service. With this
intentiofi the Committee on Appropriations
propose that the House non-concur in the
amendments of the Senate involving appropri-
ations to carry out the new treaties, so that
the committee may examine the treaties and
ascertain whether any guard can be thrown
around the expenditure of appropriations for
Indian affairs. "We have, therefore, recom-
mended a non-concurrence in all the miscella-
neous extra treaty appropriations in the bill
with a view to a free conference with the Sen-
ate on the proper mode of arranging these
matters for the future as well as in the present
bill. If the House concurs in the propriety of
this course, I propose that the action recom-
mended by the Committee on Appropriations
be concurred in in gross, and the bill allowed to
go to a committee of conference for the pur-
poses which I- have named.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill of the Senate
(S. No. 343) to quiet land titles in California.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a joint resolution
and a bill of the following titles, in which lie
was directed to ask the concurrence ot the
House *
Joint resolution (S, R. No. 132) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and'set-
