1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1925
bearing and urbanity during his service in the
chair, as well as in the faithful discharge of all
other senatorial duties, his massive features
and courtly manners, will cause him to be asso-
ciated with and long remembered as a promi-
nent figure—a representative man—of the Sen-
ate of the United States. He will also be
remembered as one of the last of those who
entered the field of statesmen while the great
men of the last generation—Webster, Clay, and
Calhoun—yet lingered on the stage.
His speeches while in this House on the
Mexican war, in 1840 and 1847, were able and
fearless expositions of its origin and character,
and received the hearty approval of a large
proportion of the northern people. In the
Senate not all of his speeches have been reported
in the Globe; certainly one of his best never
appeared, for the reason that he retained the
report for revision until it was too late to be
inserted. His patriotism infolded his whole
country, and bidding defiance to all party ties,
when the honor and glory of his country seemed
imperiled, he roused all the energies of his
impassioned nature and rushed to the rescue.
This temper appeared in his speech, in 1856, on
the Central American question, when England
exhibited her traditionary ambition for univer-
sal empire, by her pretensions connected with
Honduras. ,He said:
"Standing in opposition as I do to the present
national Administration; differing from it as I do
most widely and radically upon almost every question
of domes tic policy, I am the more happy in being able
to accord to it the tribute, worthless though it maybe,
of my sincere and entire approval of the position it
h_as_ taken upon this question. However we may be
divided among ourselves, however we may contend
and wrangle upon questions of domestic interest and
of local policy, yet, when it comes to a question with
a foreign Power, wherein our national honor and our
national interest arc concerncd, as in the present
instance, let us exhibit to the world the beautiful and
sublime spectacle of a great, a united, a harmonious
people; a people having one mind, one heart, and one
purpose."
Among the speeches reported, that upon the
Kansas constitution, better known as the " Le-
eompton Swindle," was one of his best, and of
marked excellence. Tho plot to force a pro-
slavery constitution upon a free people was
shown up with all its revolting features. Not
a frequent speaker in the Senate, he was yet
always listened to with attention when he did
speak upon any subject; and upon those sub-
jects immediately confided to his charge ho
possessed its entire confidence. His recent
eulogy upon his deceased colleague was not
only worthy of the occasion, but was a good
specimen of the Senator's matter and manner,
and when delivered awaken edresponsive chords
in the hearts of all hearers by its impressive
eloquence and chastened beauty.
As a public speaker before a public audi-
ence Mr. Foot occupied no mean rank. His
noble figure and full-toned voice at once
arrested attention. Never begrudging pre.-
liniinary preparation, his speeches were clear,
forcible, and well-sustained to the end. His
style never lacked elevation, and without being
ornate, was affluent and scholarly. Though
admirable in temper, he could yet employ
invective at times with crushing effect, and
declaimed with the daring impetuosity of a mas-
ter who felt able to both ride and guide the storm
he was creating. But his great strength lay in
his absolute earnestness. His voice gave forth
no uncertain sound. No man ever heard him
speak and went away in doubt as to his mean-
ing or as to which side of the argument he had
espoused. Having satisfied his own judgment
that he was right, he embarked his whole soul
and strained every nerve in the eifort to bring
his audicnee to the same conclusions with him-
self. He was both sincere and positive, and
utterly incapable of guile or double-dealing.
Ilis integrity, moral and political, wasasfirmly
fixed as the mountains beneath whose shadow
ho was born, and there was never any doubt
or speculation upon any question as to where
he would be found. When he spoke, there-
fore, he brought to bear, not only cogent argu-
ment, but the influence of a true man, the
weight of an experienced legislator.
As chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings he had for a long period taken a
deep interest in the work of the Capitol exten-
sion. His ideas were liberal — coextensive
with the grandeur of the nation—and he would
build well and for all time. He felt a pride in
the splendors of the structure, fondly contem-
plated the time of its completion in all its
parts, when all the vacant niches as well as
the old Hall of the House of Representatives
should be filled with the statues of our fathers,
when the surrounding grounds should be en-
larged, and believed in the end the world would
not be able to show Government buildings and
grounds more imposing or so appropriately
magnificent. It was the Capitol of a nation of
freemen ! What wonder, then, that he should
in his last hour close the drama by wishing to
be so raised in his bed that his eyes might once
more behold the rays of the morning sun glit-
tering upon the majestic dome and illumining
those Halls wherein he had long been so noted
an actor.
He was a modest man and obeyed the Gos-
pel precept, "not to think of himself more
highly than he ought to think," and esteemed
" others" better than himself. Few men who
spoke so well have been able to content them-
selves with speaking so unfrequentlv. He
always appeared to underrate his own perform-
ances, and never, I believe, circulated any of
his speeches in pamphlet form, but he was gen-
erous and hearty in his appreciation and cir-
culation of those made by others.
He was a man of courage. When he served
in this House, belonging to the old Whig party,
the great radical abolitionist from the Ohio
Ashtabula district was also a member. Anti-
slavery sentiments in those days found little
favor anywhere, and here encountered fiercest
hate and frequent violence on the part of
slaveholding liepresentatives. Mr. Giddings
once told me that upon one occasion, when he
had uttered some unwelcome truth about the
institution of barbarous memory, one of these
chivalric Representatives rushed toward him
evidently bent on mischief, and that Foot at
once sprang to his side ready to meet the
aggressor. The promptness of this action and
the firm port of Mr. Foot awed the would-be
assassin and he retired to his seat. Nobody,
said Mr. Giddings, could doubt the meaning
of the one or the other.
The delicate as well as difficult duty of
making up of the various committees of the
Senate frequently fell to his lot, and it was
always performed with great discretion and
fairness. Here his modesty was apparent, for
he never so carved as to leave the choicest
parts to himself.
Mr. Foot was industrious, methodical, punc-
tual to all appointments, and never postponed
the work of to-day for the greater leisure of
to-morrow. Whatever he aimed to do, he
aimed to do well. He was proud of Vermont,
loved her history, and wore her honors wor-
tl ily. But he was not too proud to labor for the
humblest of his constituents, and by "his labors
he added luster to his State and honor to the
nation.
If it be that God loves those who are ready
for His coming "in such an hour as ye think
not," or those He takes while yet in the full
enjoyment of all their strength and hopes, with
mind and reputation as well as faith in the
grace of God undimmed, then was Senator
Foot fortunate as he was happy in the time
of his death. Life was at its acmc, and he
filled as large a space in the world as his high-
est ambition had ever coveted. He had not
tired himself, nor was the world tired by his
presence, but he seemed to see, as with a
heavenly vision, a welcome awaiting^ him in
the new world to which he was hastening, and
exclaimed, "I see it! ■ I see it! The gates
are wide open ! Beautiful! Beautiful!''
Senator Foot was preeminently a large-
hearted man, nursing no ill-natured jealousies
in himself nor in others; far less did he in-
dulge in any malice, and was the readiest man
1 have ever known to forget and forgive a seem-
ing neglect or actual injury. Opponents never
found his tongue lubricated by the serpent's
poison, nor did friends ever find themselves
"damned by faint praise," for he was luke-
warm in nothing, but distributed praise and
blame openly, manfully, and with a most re-
freshing unction. For his friends he was ready
to make any sacrifices, and he obeyed their
behests with a cordial alacrity never to be for-
gotten by those whom his position, official or
other, enabled him to assist. Our volunteer
soldiers and officers, so suddenly called from
industrial avocations to put down the great
rebellion, received his homage and tenderest
solicitude. Of these he felt that the dead were
all martyrs, the living all heroes, and his grat-
itude was unbounded. In his own State no pub-
lic man ever possessed more of the affection of
the people, as was sufficiently shown by hi?,
almost unanimous election by the Vermont
Legislature for a third term to the Senate of
the United States. He always met his col-
leagues with the most cordial salutations; no
ill-wind ever rippled over the surface of their
intercourse, and tho most genial and affection-
ate relations were maintained up to the latest
moments of his life. His loss to his family is
irreparable, and so profound is their grief as
to find no solace save in the contemplation of
the sublimity of the dying Senator's Christian
faith. The last utterances of great men are
often treasured up and serve to prove the
strength of some ruling, possibly petty, passion
of the deceased, but rarely have the last words
of any man been so fit to be reported to the
world, or such as to be more likely to be for-
ever engraven on the hearts of his mends, than
those of the lamented Senator Foot. Without
an enemy in the world, loving God and glow-
ing with affection Jot all, and especially for
those who visited him in his last hours, with
eyes still beaming with all their wonted bril-
liancy, his unimpassioned words, so clearly
articulated, so lovingly tendered, were well
calculated to touch every heart by their won-
derful pathos.
Honored Senator! true patriot! faithful
friend! farewell!
The resolution was adopted; and tho House
accordingly (at four o'clock and forty minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BAXTER: The petition of H. Miller, and
40 others, citizens of Westfield, Oileans county, Ver-
mont, praying for an increased duty on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of Stephen L. Leavitt, and 39
others, citizens of Albany, Orleans county, Vermont,
praying for an increased duty on wool.
Also, the memorial of P. T. Lunt, and 9 others,
of Burlington, V ermont, asking relief from unreason-
able taxation on iron manufactures.
By Mr. DARLING: The petition of brewers, for
reduction in duty on barley imported from Canada.
By Mr. DAVIS: Tho petition of John Crause, Jay-
cox Grier, and 70 others, citizens of Onondagacouniy.
New York, asking legislation to regulate inter-Stata
insurance.
By Mr. DONNELLY: The petition of certain
eitizens o.f tho State of Minnesota, asking for an in-
crease of the tariff upon wool.
By Mr. DRIGGS : The petition of Hon. N. B. Brad-
ley, and 55 others, citizens of Bay City, Michigan, for
a law regulating insurance in the States. ~
By Mr. FARQU1IAR: The petition of John W.
KecJy, and others, of Brookville, Indiana, praying
the enactment of just and equal laws for the regula-
tion of inter-State insurances of all kinds.
By Mr. GAREIELD: The petition of Cleveland
and Mahoning railroad, and citizens of Pittsburg,
asking Congress to restore the right to build that
portion of the Cleveland and Mahoning railroad
within the State of Pennsylvania, which right had
been taken away by legislation of the State of Penn-
sylvania, thus impairing vested rights of the citizens
of the State of Ohio.
Also, the petition of J. H. Chamberlain, and 171
others, citizens of Mahoning county, Ohio, praying
for an increased protective tariff.
By Mr. HOTCHKISS: The petition of citizens of
Schuyler county, New York, for additional duties
upon foreign wools. . „ ,T
By Mr. 1I0BBELL, of Ohio: The petition of Nor-
man Pcnfut, and 77others, citizens and wool-growers
of Delaware county, Ohio, praying for increased du-
ties oh foreign wools. , ,,
Also, the petion of D. H. Peters, and 62 others, citi-
zens of Delaware county, Ohio, praying lor mcroased
duties on foreign wools. OA .
Also, the petition oi John Johiison, and 30 others,
