1926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
citizens and wool-growers of Union county, Ohio,
praying for increased duties upon foreign wools.
By Mr. INGBRSOLL: The petition of citizens of
Stark county, Illinois, for a tax on dogs.
Also, the petition of citizens of Stark county, Ila-^
nois, for an increased duty on foreign wool.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio: Three petitions of
soldiers of Logan, Auglaise, and Darke counties, in
Ohio, in favor of an equalization of bounties.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of trustees of <3or-
ham Seminary, for grant of land to aid in providing
for the education of children of soldiers and sailors
who have died or become disabled in the service of
the country.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of J. S. Beecher,
Esa., and a large number of others, asking for an
increase of duty on foreign wool.
By Mr. MOULTON: The petition of the United
States assessor of the tenth district of Illinois, pray-
ing for increased compensation for services.
By Mr. ROLLINS: The petition of J. B. Walker,
and others, officers of the New Hampshire Savings
Bank, in Concord, graying that all savings institu-
tions having no capital stock, &c., be released from
the tax of five per cent, now impo&ed upon their
dividends.
By Mr. SCOFIELD: The petition of the mem-
bers of the bar of Clearfield county, Pennsylvania,
asking that the pay of United States di&trict judges
be increased.
By Mr. WARD: The petition of G-. W. Frank, C.
"W., Bailey, and others, prominent citizens of Wyo-
ming county,NewYork, in favor ol increasing the duty
on wool.
By Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois: The petition
of a large number of Illinois volunteer soldiers, in
favor of an equalization of bounties.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens
of Chicago, and others, for legislation respecting
inter-State insurances.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: Thememorial of wool-grow-
ers of Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, praying for
an increase of duty on foreign wools.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 13, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. Richard S. James, of New
Jersey.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting, in answer to
a resolution of the Senate of the 3d instant,
information in relation to the appointment of
persons to office in that Department without,
taking the oath prescribed by law; which, on
motion of Mr. Scmxek, was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
27th ultimo, a report of the Secretary of State
in relation to the seizure and detention at New
York of the steamship Meteor; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Legislature of Wisconsin, ask-
ing Congress to assent to the route of the land-
grant railroad from Portage to Bayfield, and
thence to Superior; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, asking Congress for a
grant of lands to aid in the construction of so
much of the Portage and Superior railroad as
extends from Pond du Lac to Eipon, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, for the establishment of a
mail route from Sumner Post Office to Menom-
onee, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORTON presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Mankato, Minnesota, praying for the
enactment of just and equal laws for the reg-
ulation of inter-State insurances of all kinds ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
nicfco. .
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a petition of
citizens of Spring Prairie, Wisconsin, prying
for an increase of the duty on foreign wools;
•which was referred to the Committee on Pi-
nance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to present a
joint resolution of the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin, instructing the Senators and requesting the
members of Congress from that State to pro-
cure the necessary legislation to change the route
of a land-grant railroad from Portage to Supe-
rior. I present, also, another joint resolution
of the Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of a,
grant of land to aid in the construction of the
section of the Portage and Superior railroad
from Fond du Lac to Ripon. I ask to have
these resolutions printed and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. - I desire to call
the attention of the members of the Committee
on Public Lands to the subject. As the land-
grant bill for the State of Wisconsin passed
Congress it designated alternatively three or
four different points of departure, and that led
to some difficulties in our State in disposing of
the grant by the Legislature. The Legislature,
however, have passed a law disposing of the
grant, but in order to carry into effect the action
of our Legislature it is necessary that Congress
should grant them the privilege of making a
deviation from the straight line. I call the
attention of the gentlemen of the Committee
on Public Lands to these resolutions, and hope
that we shall get an early and favorable report
on the subject.
The resolutions were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
^Ir. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying for the enactment of
just and equal laws for the regulation of inter-
State insurances of all kinds; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NYE presented the petition of George
E. Payne, of the parish of St. Charles, Louis-
iana, praying for compensation for losses sus-
tained in the occupation and damage of his
plantation by United States officers, and pay
for property taken by troops under the com-
mand of General Butler ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
He aiso presented the petition of William
PI. Allen, late colonel of the first and one hun-
dred and forty-fifth regiments of New York vol-
unteers, praying for the payment of expenses
incurred by him in raising those regiments,
and for compensation for services while in
command of the latter : which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
reports op committees.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims^,
to whom was referred the petition of Mrs.
Catharine Ferguson, praying for compensation
for injuries occasioned to her son, John Fer-
guson, on the 18th of November. 1863, in
Alexandria, Virginia, by being run over by a
United States military train, submitted an
adverse report thereon ; which, was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 223) to revive and extend the provisions
of an act granting the right of way and making
a grant of land to the States of Arkansas and
Missouri to aid in the construction of a railroad
from a point upon the Mississippi opposite the
mouth of the Ohio river, via Little Rock, to
the Texas boundary, near Fulton, in Arkansas,
with branches to Fort Smith and the Mississippi
river, approvedBVbruary 19,1853, andfor other
; purposes, reported it with an amendment.
I Mr. KIRKWOOD, from the Committee on
I Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. 85) for the disposal of the public lands
for homestead actual settlement in the States
of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Florida, reported it with amendments.
Mr. NORTON, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
149) for the relief of Daniel Winslow, reported
it without amendment.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the foil owing report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
biJl (H. 11. No. 122) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending 30th Jnn e, 1867, h av-
ing met, after free and fall conference have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses asfollows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered one, five, sis, ten, and eleven, and agree
to the same.
That the Senate recede from their fourth amend-
ment.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to thethird amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same. _
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out
all of said amendment, and also the clause of the bill
to which it was attached, and insert the following in
lieu thereof:
For the preservation and necessary repairs of the
property of the United States at the Pensaeola navy-
yard, £50,000, or so much thereof as may benecessary.
That the Senate agree to so much of the amendment
of the House to the eighth amendment of the Senate
as proposes to strike out of said amendment the fol-
lowing vTords: "the same as those rates received at
Boston, New York, and Washington," and agree to
the matter proposed to be inserted by the House, and
the House agree to the same as so modified.
That the Ilouserecede fromso much oftheiramend-
ment to the ninth amendment of the Senate as pro-
poses to strike out the second clause of said amend-
ment; and that the Senate agree to so much of the
amendment of the House to said Senate amendment
as proposes to strike out the words, " foundery and,"
in the fourth ciause of said amendment.
That the Senate recede irom their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the tweltth amend-
ments the Senate a.nd agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to the
sixth section of the bill in the following words: "if
approved by the Secretary of the Navy."
JAMES W. GRIMES,
E. D. MORGAN,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Manage) k ori thejtart of the Senate.
N. P. BANKS.
J. P. FARNSWORTII,
CHARLES E. PHELPS,
Managers on the part of the Souse.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to the Senate that
the bill as agreed upon by the committees of
conference is substantially as it passed the Sen-
ate, with the exception oftwoparticulars. These
are, first, an appropriation of $5,000 that was
inserted by the House of Representatives, at
the instance of the Navy Department, for the
purpose of testing petroleum as a fuel, to which
the committee of conference on the part of the
Senate agree; and the other is the fourth amend-
ment of the Senate, in regard to the purchase
of Oakinan & Eldridge's wharves, at Charles-
town, Massachusetts, for which the Senate pro-
posed to pay the sum of S10o,00u. From this
amendment the committee of conference have
recommended the Senate to recede. 1 desire
to say in justice to myself and my colleagues on
the committee, that we were unanimous in the
conviction thatthe public interests really require
that this purchase should be made. For myself
I may say that I have not only examined the
subject so far as it could be examined here in
the Senate upon several former occasions, but
I have personally examined the ground. I con-
cur fully in the statement, that was made the
other day by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
(xuthrie] and by the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fessexdex,] that the purchase ought to be
made. Such is the opinion of the Secretary of
the Navy, the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, and of every Navy officer, so far as I
know or am informed, who has been stationed
at the Charlestown navy-yard during the last five
years. The eminent officer now in command
of that yard is very decided and emphatic on
this behalf, and has never hesitated in express-
ing his conviction that the best interests of the
service require that the purchase be at onca
made.
I believe that if an attempt shall be made to
improve the yard, as it is proposed by those
who oppose this purchase that, it shall be im-
proved, by building wharves out at the lower
end of the ground now owned by the Govern-
ment, which is near the delta created by the
confluence of the waters of the Mystic and
Charles rivers, it will have a tendency to de-
stroy the harbor of Boston ; and not only that,
but it will cause the sediment to settle above
those wharves, and destroy the only good land-
ing or wharves we now have. But from the
fact that a portion of the people of Charlestown
are severely hostile to the purchase, and that
