3846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 16,
tie the accounts of Caleb T. Fay and "William
Y. Patch, late assessor and collector of inter-
nal revenue at San Francisco ; and
A bill (8. Ho. 408) making appropriation
for the erection of a military hospital at Yoko-
hama, in Japan, and for other purposes.
- -indian appropriation bill—again.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Kasson] states that the amendments of
the Senate to this bill increase the appropria-
tions made by the House nearly $2,000,000;
and that the Committee on Appropriations rec-
ommend that all the amendments of the Sen-
ate be non-concurred in.
Mr. KASSON. No, sir; not all the amend-
ments of the Senate—only the essential_ ones.
We recommend a concurrence in some imma-
terial amendments.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that this
bill contains an appropriation of $40,000 for
the payment of Indian indebtedness in Oregon
and in Washington Territory. I wish to say
that the amendment of the Senate in regard
to' that ^natter is of great importance to the
whites, as well as to the Indians upon that
coast. Friends around me suggest that I had
better let the bill go to a committee of confer-
ence, and I submit to their better judgment;
but I stiil wish to urge upon the House the
great importance of a fitting appropriation for
the payment of Indian claims upon that coast.
We arc in a coudition of perpetual warfare
with the Indian tribes there, and have been
for years ; and we shall probably continue to be
so unless these claims arising out of treaties
already made, shall be settled.
Mr. KASSON. I wish simply to add that
so long as wc adopt the plan of paying the In-
dians for every breach of the peace they com-
mit, and rewarding them for every wqr they
commence, so long will wars be continually
renewed upon us by the Indian tribes. I will
read from the report of General Pope to Lieu-
tenant General Grant in support of what I
have said. General Pope says :
" The treaty of peace which Governor Edmonds
propose-: to maka, and which he thinks tho Indians
will bo very wilnng to make, is, I presumo, such a
treaty as it has boon tho unvarying practice of the
Indian department to make heretofore. A supply
of food and picscnts, to induce the Indians to assem-
ble. and to satisfy them during negotiations, is first
bought and transported to the place where tho In-
dians aie to meet the negotiators.
"A treaty is then made which provides that tho
United States Government shall pay certain annuities
ot goods anil money so loin? as tho Indians remain at
pcace. In other woids, the Indians aio bribed.not to
molest the whiter. Past experience shows very con-
clusively what the Indians thmlt of such a transac-
tion. No country ever yot preserved peace, cither
with foreign ordomcstic enemies, bypaymg tliorn for
keeping it. Itis a common saying with the Sioux that
whenever they are poor and need powder and lead
they have onlyto go down to the overland routes and
murder a few white men, and they will have a treaty
to supply their wants. If such is tho kind of treaty
which will be satisfactory to the Government, I do
not doubt that Governor Edmonds is right in saying
he can make one, cither witii the Sioux or anv other
Indians whatever. He hasonly to notity tho Indians,
hostile or not, that if they will come to a certain place
he will insure their safety, going and coming, and
will give them presents and food, and make arrange-
ments for continuing to supply them, provided only,
they wilt sign a paper promising to keep the peace
toward the whiles. But tho very Indian.- with whom
he now propose? to treat have signed such a paper
and gone through the same absurd performance oncc
before at least, some of them oftener. Is there any rea-
son to suppose that they aro going now to keep their
word any bettor than they did then? 01 ouo thing
we may bo sure, and that is, that they will now de-
mand a higher price for signing such a promise than
they did before, and in six months or less will beready
for another treaty at a still higher price.
"It seems idle to pursue the subject. It seems to
me that no man can fail to understand, if he wishes
to understand the matter at all, that sach a practice
as this only oncouragcs Indians to commit hostile acts.
Every time they do it they are thus paid for it. The
treaties I have directed military commanders to
makea.ro simply an explicit understanding with the
Indians that, so long as they keep the peace the
United States will keep it; but as soon as they com-
mit hostilities the military foico will attack them,
inarch through their country, establish militaiyposts
in it, and as a natural consequence their ga.me will
be driven oil or killed; that the Indians can avoid
this by keeping the peace and in no other manner.
This is a peace which involves 110 expenditure of
public money for annuities or presents, and is no
doubt objectionable to Indian otjjieials on that ac-
count; but as it certainly vri! any more
Indian wars than have hif ni'Wo occurred, mid will be
certain again to occur under the present Indian sys-
tem, it will have the merit at least of greater economy.
Indians will keep the peace when they fear the con-
sequences of breaking it, and not because they are
paid (and badly paid, too) for keeping it, and when
they can by the present system of treaty-makmg
really make more by committing hostilities than by
keeping the peace.
"The Indians with whom Governor Edmonds pro-
poses to treat are Indians who are now violating a
former treaty. What have they done to entitle them
to presents and annuities, or to greater confidence in
their promises: unless, indeed, the violation of for-
mer treaties and the murder of whites is to be thus
compensated? . .
"I am very willing to unite with Indian omcials or
anybody else to secure peace with the Indians; but
not willing, if I can prevent it, to pay Indians for
outrages committed upon innocent women and chil-
dren, and thus encourage them to a renewal of the
same atrocities. I oppose tho proposed treaty of Gov-
ernor Edmonds, because it will only lead to renewed
hostilities, and very certainly, in the future as in the
past and the present, involve the necessity of oxactly
tho same operation in treaty-making."
I will not. read further from the report of
General Pope. I will now submit my motion
that the House agree to the recommendations
of the Committee on Appropriations, to agree
to some and to disagree to others of the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Indian appropria-
tion bill, and to ask for a committee of con-
ference upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses. And upon that motion I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the motion of Mr. Kasson was
agreed to.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
last taken ; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tax on cigars, etc.
Mr. STEVENS. T ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution to correct an
error in the internal revenue bill lately passed
by Congress, which has caused some trouble
to the Department.
No objection was made, and the joint reso-
lution was introduced and read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that such parts of the act entitled "An
act to reduce internal taxation and to amend
an act entitled 'xln act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay
the interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes,' approved June 30, 18G4, and acts
amendatory thereof," as referred to the tax or
duly on cigars, shall be so construed that the
ad valorem duty of twenty per cent, shall be
levied only on the excess of value above twelve
dollars per thousand.
Mr. STEVENS. A word or two of expla-
nation is all I have to say. When tho question
of tho tax on cigars left this House, cigars
valued at twelve dollars per thousand and
under were subject to a tax of four dollars per
thousand; above that value, forty per cent,
was added to the excess of value above twelve
dollars. We supposed that the committee of
conference had left it precisely in that position,
except reducing the ad valorem from forty to
twenty per cent. I suppose that was really
the intention of Congress when the bill was
passed. But the Department say that they
cannot so construe it; that, as it now reads, it
must be so construed as to mean not only four
dollars per thousand for cigars valued at twelve
dollars per thousand and under, but that the
twenty per cent, ad valorem, must be added to
the cigars up to twelve dollars per thousand,
making two dollars and forty cents more or
six dollars and forty cents on the cigars which
it was intended should be four dollars. It was
not so in the original bill; it was not so in the
amendment which was lost, and not so, I sup-
pose, in the report of the committee of con-
ference. It is to correct that error that I have
introduced this joint resolution.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say one word.
It was the intention of the committee of con-
ference, as I understood, to charge upon cigars
valued at twelve dollars per thousand and up-
wards a fax of four dollars per thousand, and
twenty per cent, upon tho full value of those
cigars; but upon cigars valued at less than
twelve dollars per thousand four dollars only.
If I understand the proposition of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,] it is
to charge upon cigars valued over twelve dol-
lars per thousand a tax of four dollars per
thousand, and twenty per cent, ad valorem
upon the excess over twelve dollars. Now, it
seems to me that such a proposition deserves
a little further consideration. If, as the gen-
tleman states, the law is construed to mean
that cigars valued at twelve dollars per thou-
sand and under, shall also pay the twenty per
cent, ad valorem, in addition to the four dol-
lars per thousand, then I will say that, as I
understood, that was not the intention of the
committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the committee
of conference wanted to make it the sam,e as
the original bill, except reducing the ad valo-
rem from forty to twenty per cent. However,
if the gentleman wants time to examine this
joint resolution, I shall not object.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know that I shall
object to it; but I do not now understand thor-
oughly the effect of it.
Mr. STEVENS. In order to give time for
examining the joint resolution I have intro-
duced, I will move that its further considera-
tion be postponed until to-morrow immedi-
ately after the reading of the Journal.
The motion was agreed to.
ASSAULT UPON A MEMBER.
Mr. DEMING. I call for the regular order
of business.
The House accordingly resumed the con-
sideration of the resolutions reported by Mr.
Spaldixg, from the select committee on breach
of privilege, in the matter of Hon. Lovetx H.
Rousseau, of Kentucky, and Hon. Josiah B.
Grixxell, of Iowa.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, it is an ungracious
task, with the mercury at ninety degrees and
upwards, in such a House as this, to attempt
to secure the attention of this body or to oc-
cupy much of its time.
It is with no little hesitation that I have risen
to advocate my view of this question, which
differs from that of the entire committee—with
the more hesitation from the high standing and
character of that committee, which commend
it to every member of this House. But enter-
taining the views which I do, I cannot do other-
wise than attempt to the best of my ability to
vindicate briefly those views.
I do not propose to differ with the finding of
the committee as to the facts. Nor do I differ
with the committee in its conclusions as to the
power of this House to vindicate its own privi-
leges to the widest and fullest extent. I trust
that I shall not be found regardless of the high
privileges of this House. I trust I shall not
be found to undervalue the importance of the
fullest protection to the personal privileges of
members of this House. It is, sir, because I
esteem those privileges highly, because I would
prevent this House from becoming a scene of
disorder and violence, because I would protect
its members not only from violence but from
insult, that I have offered the amendatory reso-
lution, now pending, which I now rise to ad-
vocate.
As to the peculiar form of the resolution, or
the precise shape in which the conclusions of
this House may find expression, I am not
strenuous. That to which I object and against
whi#h my remarks will be directed is what
seems to me an unjust and improper discrim-
ination in the case before this House against
one who acted under provocation—against the
man who, I believe, has been " sinned agi-^st"
certainly not less than '' sinning.''
The chairman of the select committee, in
discussing this question on Saturday, antici-
pated various lines of argument that might be
used against the propositions of the committee;
questions as to the power of Congress—ques-
tions as to its power in different directions.
None of those lines of argument which he then
