2886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
condition for the restoration of the Union, I
would be willing for restoration to take place
either with or without the other conditions
contained in this bill, the essentials of loyalty,
properly organized constituency, &c., being
complied with.
If the State governments, organized under
the auspices of the President, are to be ac-
cepted as legitimate—and which is necessarily
to be inferred from the action of the commit-
tee, because they do not, after six months' in-
vestigation, propose any change—then let us
say so, and let the country so understand it.
If they are not to be accepted as legitimate, then
let the committee recommend what changes
shall be made and how, and I venture it will
be done. A stroke of his pen and a crack of his
whip by the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, the chairman of the committee, are
all that would be needed. If political power
is in the hands of those who should not be its
custodians, let us wrest it from them. If dis-
loyalty to the United States is made honorable
and loyalty made odious, let us reverse the
order of things, and let us meet the issue
fairly, and do it without any indirection, that
the country and the world may know what we
intend and why we intend it. If we have to
appeal to the law of necessity to accomplish
our purposes, let us do it. If those^iurposes
are legitimate, are necessary for our present
peace and future security and happiness, the
country and the world will approve and justify
it. I need not tell you, sir, that it is time Con-
gress had a practicable policy before the coun-
try. The eyes of the world are on us, and the
historian pauses with ink-dipped pen. What
shall he write—that the virtue, intelligence,
and patriotism of the American people have
triumphed, or that a great people, powerful in
war, united by disaster, have failed in the hour
of triumph, have proved themselves incapable
of securing the blessings and reaping the fruits
of victory ? Heaven save my country!
Mr. BROMWELL obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. STEVENS, who moved to postpone the
further consideration of this bill till to-morrow,
after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
concurred in the amendment of the House to
Senate bill No. 237, granting a pension to Mrs.
Martha Stevens.
canal and sewerage company.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to call up the
motion to reconsider the vote of the House on
Friday last by which it agreed to certain amend-
ments to Senate bill No. 290, to incorporate
the Canal and Sewerage Company of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The question was on agreeing to the amend-
ments.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. F. Thomas] may not probably have
expected this to be called up to-day. I there-
fore, with his leave, will move that the House
adjourn so as to let it come up to-morrow
morning.
Mi'. F. THOMAS. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will allow the motion to re-
consider to go over till Friday, when the bill
will come up regularly. It takes me certainly
by surprise.
Mr. STEVENS. I am really not acting for
myself but for the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Ingersoli,,] who is not present at this
moment.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] has the floor on the
motion to reconsider, which brings up the bill.
It will be the unfinished business if the House
adjourns now.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I very much prefer that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania should let
this go over till Friday, because on last Friday
when it was before the House it was under-
stood that it would not be called up till the
Friday ensuing.
Mr. STEVENS. Friday is private-bill day.
Mr. F. THOMAS. This was ruled to be a
private bill against my objection.
The SPEAKER. This bill was reported on
Friday. The gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
F. Thomas] objected that it was not a private
bill, and the Chair ruled against him._ On
Friday next a great number of committees
desire to make repiorts, and this would block
their way.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Notwithstanding the
prompting of the Chair, I still hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will allow^ me one
single moment. I have reason to believe that
a much wider range is to be given to this sub-
ject than he anticipated. I believe it is to bo
contended very gravely that the Chesapeake
and Ohio Canal Company have forfeited their
charter.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know anything
about it.
Air. F. THOMAS. If the gentleman will
allow me one moment 
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest that we had
better adjourn, and when it comes up to-
morrow morning anything that I can do to
accommodate the gentleman 
Mr. F. THOMAS. Allow me to finish
what I have to say. I have other business ^to-
day engaging my attention, and this new issue
that is made will impose upon me the ne-
cessity 
Mr. STEVENS. I will refer the gentleman
now to the gentleman for whom I am acting,
[Mr. Ingersoll,] who has just come in.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I would really like to
know for whom the gentleman is acting.
The SPEAKER. The allusion to the Chair's
prompting the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] by the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. F. Thomas] is not just. It is the
duty of the Chair always to state to the House
the condition of public business, and the man-
ner in which a bill may impede public or pri-
vate business.
Mr. F. THOMAS. It was not in any bad
temper that I made the remark, it was jocular.
I was about to repeat 
Mr. STEVENS. I have nothing further to
say. The subject is before the House.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I will then ask that this
bill be postponed until next Friday morning,
because I find that there is this labor imposed
upon me: to look into all the laws of Mary-
land, of Virginia, and of the United States
from 1825 to 1850, with a view to meet this
new issue, that the Chesapeake and Ohio canal
corporation have forfeited their charter. I had
not expected that this bill would come up so
soon as this, and I therefore ask that its further
consideration be postponed until Friday next-
Mr. SOHENCK. I would ask if that post-
ponement would have any effect upon the spe-
cial order, the bill to regulate the pay of the
Army.
The SPEAKER. It would come up as un-
finished business, and would take up all Friday
until disposed of.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the House will
not postpone the consideration of this bill till
next Friday. The question as to whether the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company have
forfeited any of their rights under their charter
from Rock creek to Seventeenth street is not
a question that this House will be called upon
to consider and settle. If they have any exist-
ing right there, that right is reserved under this
bill. I notify the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. F. Thomas] that that question will not be
settled by the House.
Mr. F. THOMAS. If that is so it will save
mo a great deal of trouble.
Mr. INGERSOLL. That is so, and there-
fore the gentleman may save himself that
trouble. If there has been any forfeiture it
will be for the court to declare it, and not for
the House; if there has been no forfeiture it
will still be the same, so that it ig simply a
question of expediency in regard to incorpo-
rating this Canal and Sewerage Company. And
that question, it seems to me, might as well be
disposed of to-morrow as any other time, I
hope, therefore, the House will not postpone
the consideration of this subject until next
Friday.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Then I will vary; my
proposition. I will ask the chairman of the
Committee for the District of Columbia [Mr.
Ingersolt.] to take the sense of the House now
for or against these amendments. If it be his
purpose to insist upon those amendments, or
rather, I refer to one in particular, then the
bill will have one character. If it be his pur-
pose to ask the House to reconsider its action
in that respect, and to refuse to amend the bill
as the gentleman himself proposed on last Fri-
day, then the bill will have another character.
I wish, therefore, that the gentleman would
now have this question of amendment disposed
of, so that the House may have the bill up to-
morrow, not in two aspects, but in one only.
The point to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman is this: there was a sec-
tion in this bill, as it came from the Senate,
which assumes that the rights granted to the
city of Washington in this city canal have been
forfeited to the Government. The same sec-
tion also assumes that the rights which the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company enjoyed
east of Rock creek have also been forfeited to
the Government. If I remember aright that is
the second section of the bill. The Senate
thought proper subsequently to incorporate into -
the bill a provision to this effect: that no rights
are to be disposed of under the provisions of
this bill but those which the United States may
possess. When the bill was under consider-
ation in the House last Friday, the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] moved toamend
that last section, which says that no rights shall
be granted except those which the United
States may possess, by inserting the words
:: except as herein before provided," or words
to that effect. In other words, he was disposed,
as I then supposed, to abrogate that section
which was inserted in the Senate, and to suffer
this subject to go before the commissioners,
who are to be appointed under this law, to con-
demn all these interests, under the assumption
that Washington city had no title, and that the
Chesapeake and Ohio canal had no title to this
property.
Now, if the gentleman from Illinois means
to insist upon that amendment, it will give the
bill one character; if he does not intend to
insist upon it, then the bill will have another
and an entirely different character. I wish,
therefore, he would signify his determination
one way or the other in regard to that amend-
ment. Does he adhere to it, or does he desire
the House to abandon it?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot conceive, nor
do I yield the point, that the character of the
bill will be changed, whether the amendments
be adopted or not. Certainly there is but one
amendment that can have any special bearing
on the bill, and that is the amendment to the
seventeenth section adding the words referred
to by the gentleman from Maryland. The
other amendment relates merely to the names
of the corporators. Now, that amendment to
the seventeenth section was proposed by the
committee in order to save more certainly the
rights not only of this corporation, but of other
parties, whether bodies-corporate or private
persons. I do not understand that it changes
the character of the bill, or that it is material
whether the amendment be adopted or re-
jected.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I merely desire to know
from the gentleman from Illinois whether he
adheres to that amendment or desires to ex-
punge it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not know that I
can give the gentleman a direct answer with
regard to that; for I really do not know whether
or not the retention of the amendment is essen-
tial to secure the rights of the corporation or
of individuals who may be affected by the bill-
