1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2887
If it is not essential, I have no desire that it
shall "be retained. If it is essential for the
rights of any parties I want it to be retained.
Mr. F. THOMAS. The gentleman surely
does not understand me. A motion has been
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
reconsider the amendment adopted by the
House. I take it for granted that ,the mo-
tion was made for some practical purpose. I
take it for granted that it was with the view
of bringing those amendments again before
tiie House for consideration, so that they may
be cither rejected or acquiesced in. I simply
desire now to know whether it is intended to
expunge the amendment to which I have
referred or to adhere to it. If the design of
the reconsideration is that the House shall
reject the amendment which has been adopted,
let us determine the question now, and then
we shall know in what shape the bill will come
up hereafter.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL. My present impression
is that the committee are anxious that the
House shall adhere to the amendments, and do
not desire that the House shall reconsider the
' vote by which the amendments were adopted.
Mr. P. THOMAS. I do not understand,
then, for what purpose the motion to recon-
sider was made.
Mr. INGERSOLL. So far as my feelings
are concerned, I should prefer that the dicus-
sion of the bill should go on this evening.
The question being taken on the'motion of
Mr. F. Thomas, to postpone the further con-
sideration of the subject until Friday next,
immediately after the reading of the Journal,
there were — ayes 47, noes 24; no quorum
voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Messrs. F. Thomas and
Ixgeksot.l.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes fifty-seven, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fobney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill (S. No. 208) entitled "An act to
protect American citizens engaged in lumber-
ing on the St. Croix river, in the State of
Maine," in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
Mr. McREE asked leave of absence for one
week.
Leave was granted.
use OF the hall.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Rules be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of suspend-
ing the rule of this House which forbids the use of
the Hall except as stated in said rule, so that the
House may grant the use of the Hall to such persons
as may bo deemed proper, who may desire to lecture
for the benefit of the soldiers' and sailors' fair about
to be held in this city.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
mart 0. hamilton.
On motion of Mr. LAWRENCE, of Penn-
sylvania, by unanimous consent, Senate bill
No. 56, for the relief of Mary C. Hamilton,
was recommitted to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
fnesii-water basin foe iron-clads.
Mr. LYNCH. ,1 ask unanimous consent
that Senate joint resolution No. 92, authoriz-
ing the appointment of examiners to examine
a site for a fresh-water basin for iron-clad ves-
sels'of the United States Navy, be taken from
the Speaker's table and considered at this
time.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
bangojl custom-house.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill making an appropriation for the
enlargement and repair of the custom-house
and post office building at Bangor, Maine; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted.
michael haak.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting to Michael Haab com-
pensation for the use of his farm near Reading,
Pennsylvania, by troops of the United States
as a camp of rendezvous and instruction; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committe on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled Senate bill No. 237, grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Martha Stevens; when
the Speaker signed the same.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAVIS, fat
four o' clock and five minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c.,were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BUCKLASTD: The petition of soldiers of
Ottawa county, Ohio, in favor of equalizing bounties.
By Mr. DA VIS: The petition ot Mary Higgles, for
relief.
Also, the petition of It. N, Gare, Alfred Wilkinson,
and eighty others, ciSzens of central New York,
praying for an increase of the duties on imports.
By Mr. O'NEILL: The memorial of the Philadel-
phia Board of Trade, urging the favorable action of
Congress upon the bill now before the Senate relating
to appointments to the Naval Academy, and espe-
cially upon that section which directs a selection of
naval cadets to bo made from the deserving and
qualified naval apprentices who have served not
less than one year in that capacity.
By Mr. PIIBLPS: The petition of 1:\ P. Salas, for
return of duty on imported goods.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 80, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
citizens of Mercer county, New Jersey, who
were mustered into the service of the United'
States as soldiers or sailors in the years 1861,
1862, and 1863, praying for a balance of bounty
which they allege to be due them; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of sol-
diers and sailors honorably discharged from
the service of the United States, praying for
an equalization of bounties; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury addressed to him,
transmitting statements in regard to the public
debt; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Henry S. Davis, praying for the payment, of a
balance claimed to bo due him for work done
in the west wing of the Patent Office building,
under a contract with the Commissioner of
Patents, dated November 6, 1857; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
reports 01? committees.
Mr. RIDDLE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 227) to incorpo-
rate the Washington Glass Company, to report
it back with an amendment, and to ask for its
immediate consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill on the
day it is reported.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it printed?
Mr. RIDDLE. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia have had the bill before them,
and unanimously recommend it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the honorable mem-
ber if the bill has been printed.
Mr. RIDDLE. It has never been printed
that I am aware of.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it bo printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill lies over, and will bo
printed, under the rule.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 95) amendatory of a resolution
regulating the investment of the naval pen-
sion fund, approved July 1, 1864, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred resolutions of the
Legislature of New York in favor of an increase
in the pay of naval officers, a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Buffalo for the same purpose,
a memorial of Rear Admiral S. W. Godon, and
other naval. officers of the Brazil squadron,
praying for an increase of pay, thirteen petitions
of officers of the Navy attached to the navy-
yard at Mare Island, California, the petition of
officers of various navy-yards, a memorial of
Vice Admiral D. G-. Farragut and other naval
officers of the United States, a memorial of
assistant and acting assistant surgeons of the
United States Navy, and resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York on the same subject, have instructed me to
report them back, and to ask to be discharged
from th eir further consideration. I will state that
an order has been made — Order No. 75—by
the Navy Department in regard to the increase
of the pay of naval officers, which, in a meas-
ure, accomplishes the purpose sought by the
memorialists in these cases, and which order,
I am happy to say, meets with the approval of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and there-
fore obviates the necessity of any further legis-
lation on the subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred a petition of citizens of Iowa, praying
for the enactment of just and equal laws for
the regulation of inter-State insurance of all
kinds, to ask to be discharged from its further
consideration, the committee thinking that it
is not a subject over which the Congress of the
United States can properly take control.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 91) to refer the claim of Frederick Vin-
cent, administrator of Le Cazc & Mallet, to
the Court of Claims, have instructed me to.
report it back with a recommendation that the
resolution be rejected. I desire to state, in
refe'rence to this matter, that it seems that the
parties to whom this resolution relates obtained
a bill for their relief some years ago ; and the
condition of the bill was that a Certain amount
of money should be paid to them,which should
be in ful I of all claims growing out of the trans-
action to which it referred. The parties re-
ceived that money, gave a receipt for it accord-
ing to the form prescribed by the bill, and now
come in with an application to receive some-
thing more growing out of the same transac-
tion. I am instructed by the committee to
report the resolution back with a recommenda-
tion that it be rejected.
Mr. POLAND. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 268)
to prevent and punish the manufacture and use
of false, forged, or counterfeit brands, stamps,
dies, or stencils, have had the same under c&n-
sideration, and are of opinion that no such
legislation as this bill proposes is needed, and
therefore report adversely to it. I move that
the bill be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the memorial
of the Milwaukee and Rock River Canal Com-
pany. praying that the remainder of a certain
trust fund arising from the sale of canal lands
be paid to them, have instructed me to report
adversely to the prayer of the petition, and ask
to be discharged from its further consideration.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] has
an interest in this matter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the vote is taken
to discharge the committee, I wish that might
lie over until to-morrow. I understand there
was some attorney representing- that com-
pany 
