1928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
ing the bill so amended as to deductthe amount
furnished the judges from the copies furnished
the Senate. I think it is desirable that these
Globes should be in the offices of the district
judges, to be transmitted to their successors.
Undoubtedly, every judge gets the Globe, but
when he goes out of his office he takes that
with him, with the rest of his private documents.
However, if the bill does not meet the appro-
bation of the Senate, I will not press it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That object may be
secured by giving these copies to the district
court library; but I do not see any necessity
for buying so large a number for them when
we have so many to throw away.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not see why it is not
just as reasonable to furnish tlxe judges—I am
speaking particularly at this time on behalf of
the territorial judges—a copy of the Congres-
sional Globe as it is to furnish them with cop-
ies of the other public documents, and with a
copy of the Decisions of the Supreme Court of
the United States. These are all furnished to
the judges free of expense. The public docu-
ments that are sent to the judges are of very
little value. The reports of the Supreme Court
of course are of value; but there is no public
document of a legislative nature that will be of
so much value to the judges of these courts as
a copy of the Congressional Globe, because it
is frequently necessary to consult the Globe in
discussing questions of law. I understand that
Delegates from the Territories are furnished like
members with a distributive share of the Con-
gressional Globe, but I am confident that very
few of them ever reach the Territories; and
there is no probability, unless some particular
provision is made, that these judges will be fur-
nished with the Globe. I think an expenditure
of money could not be more wisely made than
to supply judges with the Globe.
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is'any serious
objection to this bill I will consent to its going
over, and I will prepare an amendment that
the Globes furnished to the district judges shall
be deducted from the quota furnished the Sen-
ate. I move that the further consideration of
the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
elisiia w. diwn.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 202, for the relief of Elisha W. Dunn,
a paymaster in the United States Navy.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I call for the regular
order of the day if the morning business is over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. After the
morning hour has expired the business referred
to by the Senator from Indiana will come up;
but in the opinion of the Chair matters of this
sort are in order, subject, of course, to the vote
of the Senate, until one o'clock.
The motion of Mr. CRAGIN was agreed to;
and the bill (S. No. 202) for the relief of Eli-
sha W. Dunn, a paymaster in the United States
Navy, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to direct the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury in the settlement of the accounts of
Elisha W. Dunn, a paymaster in the United
States Nav.y, to receive and allow, where the
proper vouchers cannot be obtained, state-
ments verified by his oath, or such other satis-
factory evidence as he may present, of all ex-
penditures made by him for the Government,
or losses sustained by him in consequence of
the destruction by fire of the money, papers,
and property of the United States in his charge
on board of the United Statesnaval wharf-boat
at Mound City, Illinois, at the burning of that
vessel on the 1st of June, 1861.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
message from tiib house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the following bill and joint resolutions of
the Senate :
A bill (S. No. 22'J) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to transfer a gun-
boat to the Government of the republic of
Liberia;
A joint resolution (S. No. 45) protesting
agaifist pardons by foreign Governments of
persons convicted of infamous offenses on con-
dition of emigration to the United States; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 49) for the
temporary relief of the destitute people in the
District of Columbia.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed thejoint
resolution (S. R. No. 29) for the transfer of
funds appropriated for the payment of salaries
in the Post Office Department to the general
salary account of that Department, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments to the bill _(H. R. No. 184) to
authorize the sale of marine hospitals and of
revenue cutters.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the con-
current resolution of the Senate, prohibiting
the sale of spirituous and other intoxicating
liquors about the Capitol building and grounds,
with an amendment, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 46) for the relief of
Martha McCook, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announceS that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolutions : and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 199) to establish the collec-
tion district of Port Huron, the collection dis-
trict of Michigan, the collection district of
Montana and Idaho, and to change the name
of the collection district of Penobscot;
A bill (S. No. 31) to reimburse the State of
Missouri for moneys expended for the United
States in enrolling, equipping, and provision-
ing militia forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion;
A bill (S. No. 229) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to transfer a gun-
boat to the Government of the republic of
Liberia;
A bill (H. R. No. 150) for the relief of the
administrators and securities of Almon W.
Babbitt, late secretary of Utah;
A bill (H. R. No. 471) to provide that the
'' Soldier's Individual Memorial'' shall be car-
ried through the mails at the usual rate of
printed matter;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 45) protesting
against pardons by foreign Governments of
persons convicted of infamous offenses on con-
dition of emigration to the United States ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 49) for the
temporary relief of destitute people in the
District of Columbia.
absence op territorial officers.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 32.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 32) to prevent, the
absence of territorial officers from their official
duties. It provides that no person in any Ter-
ritory now m office, or who may hereafter be
in office by appointment of the President, after
he enters upon the discharge of his official
duties, shall be absent from the Territory of
which he is an officer for more than thirty
days at any one time, and no leave of absence
shall be necessary or granted to any such
officer. No officer absent for a longer time is
to be entitled to any salary during his absence,
and it is to be the duty of the President, upon
a willful violation of this law by any such offi-
cer, to remove him forthwith from office.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does that come from a
committee? It appears to me to be very strin-
gent legislation that no leave of absence shall
be granted.
Mr. BROWN. Does it come from the Judi-
ciary Committee?
Mr. JOHNSON. From the Committee on
Territories, I understand.
Mr. ANTHONY. Willful absence is pun-
l o nl C1
Mr. GRIMES. Here it is:
That no person in any Territory now in office, or
who may hereafter be in office by appointmentof the
President, after he enters upon' the discharge of his
official duties, shall be absept from the Territory of
which he is an officer for more than thirty days at
any one time, and no leave of absence shall be neces-
sary or granted to any such officer.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is independent of the
cause of the absence; the illness of his family
may cause him to remain away from his post.
It appears to me to be rather stringent legis-
lation.
Mr. WILLIAMS. T-he object of this bill is
to prevent officers of the Territories from ab-
senting themselves from the performance of
their official duties. I do not know how it may
be with the Territories on this side of the Rocky
mSuntains, but on the Pacific coast I know that
this has grown into a very great abuse, and in
most of the Territories there a very large por-
tion of the territorial officers are absent from
their duties. Sometimes the Governor is away,
with the secretary, and several of the judges;
and in two or three of those Territories they
have not been able to have any courts for a
year at a time on account of the absence of the
judges; and it becomes necessary that the law
should require them to remain there where they
can attend to the duties of their respective
offices.
The first section provides that an officer may
be absent from the Territory for thirty days,
and it shall not be necessary for him to obtain
any leave in order to be absent during that time.
It further provides that no leave of absence
shall be granted to any officer; and the object
of that provision is to prevent these territorial
officers from obtaining'a leave upon some ex-
cuse which may be made to the Department.
Now the practice is to send a telegram to some
one of the Departments here or to the Presi-
dent asking for leave of absence for six months,
generally with the object of visiting Wash-
ington or the eastern States, and so far as I
know, thatleave of absence is generally granted.
Some, however, leave and come here and obtain
this leave of absence after they arrive here; they
come without any leave, and then after they
arrive here they apply for a leave of absence,
and as.a general thing it is granted.
I do not see why if a person accepts an office
in a Territory—and the applicants are numer-
ous and clamorous f r these places—he should
not remain there and discharge his duty; but
the practice has become almost universal now
that as soon as an officer obtains the appoint-
ment and enters upon the discharge of the duties
of his office and the salary begins to accrue to
him, then finding it unpleasant, perhaps, to
remain there, he takes occasion to leave to
visit Washington, to visit the States and be
absent six months or a year from the Territory,
and so the" people are without any organized
government in many cases. This is a particu-
lar hardship when the judges of the courts are
absent. I do not wish to mention particular
Territories or the names of persons, but it is
within my knowledge that in several Territo-
ries there has been practically no territorial
government on account of the absence of ter-
ritorial officers, and the object of this bill is to
require them to remain there.
Mr. JOHNSON. Suppose they do not
remain, what is to be done?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Then they are to be re-
moved from office by the terms of this bill. If
an officer of a Territory is willfully absent from
the discharge of his duties for more than thirty
days at any one time, it is made the duty of
