1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
persons came forward and testified that in this
small township they had cast their votes for
the contestant, although only 58 were returned
for him. Inthisprecinctthe count was not made
until next day. The judges and clerk of the
election became weary and were unable to com-
plete the canvass that night. They therefore
locked up the ballot-box, according to the law
I have cited, and gave it to the inspector. In
the mean time the inspector took the box and
carried it away out of town, from half to three
fourths of a mile from Cloverdale, to the house
of a friend, a warm supporter of the sitting
member, where he spent the night with it.
It became evident at the close of the poll, and
before the return, that the vote for the county
was exceedingly close. There is no direct tes-
timony that anything was done with the box
during the night. But it is in evidence that the
vole in the whole county was very close, there
being, as returned, only 26 majority for the sitting
member, less than the discrepancy (33) found
at this poll. The county ticket was therefore
in danger. A strong supporter of the sitting
member, by the name of Scott, (page 69,) came
from the county seat that night, a distance of
ten miles, to the house where the ballot-box
was kept, about three fourths of a mile from the
town, after the owner of the house had gone to
bed and had fallen asleep, and spent the night
there. The owner of the house testified that he
did not know at what time he came, what he
came for, and what he did. And his purpose
and business, as well as the success which at-
tended it, only appear from the testimony of a
witness who overheard him afterward relate it.
But this was hearsay evidence, which the com-
mittee rejected, otherwise there would have
beenno doubtonthisquestion. The case against
this ballot-box, therefore, rests upon the great
discrepancy between the return (58) and the
number (91) proved to have voted for Mr. Wash-
burn, the temptation in the close vote in the
county, the opportunity for tampering with the
ballot-box during the night, and the suspicious
visitation of Scott from the county seat during
the night, together with such inferences as it is
fair to draw from the fact that no witness is con-
tradicted, no testimony is controverted, no sus-
picious circumstance explained, so easy of ex-
planation by the calling of Scott or the inspector,
if the truth permitted it. But as the result to
which the committee arrived upon the whole
case, as hereafter slated, would not in any as-
pect be changed, whether this return be rejected
or corrected, they did not determine to reject
it entirely, however much confidence in it must
be shaken in every fair mind by the evidence
here adduced. They, instead, gave the con-
testant the benefit of the discrepancy proved,
namely, 33 votes.
The next is the township of Jefferson. There
was only testimony of the discrepancy of 12
votes. They therefore did not reject, but cor-
rected, this return, giving to the contestant the
benefit of the 12 votes here proved and not
counted.
The next is Riley township. The official re-
turn from this township was. (page 7,) for Mr.
Voorhees, 173 votes; for Mr. Washburn, 88
votes. The testimony is similar in character
to that already commented upon in connection
with other townships.
This testimony shows that there were 108
persons, at least, who voted at this precinct for
the contestant, while 88 votes only were re-
turned for him. There was testimony, also, of
six or eight others in reference to five of these,
as to their political opinions, strong and openly
avowed, and their associations, and the fact that
they voted. How they votedthe contestant was
unable to show.
That was the first item of testimony in rela-
tion to that township. There the rule would
have been the same, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, as applied to the lost two townships.
But the testimony of the contestant went fur-
ther and showed this : at noon they adjourned
for dinner, which is kindly provided for by the
judges of election under the law of Indiana.
They were all invited to the house of the in-
spector to dine. _ 'He took the ballot-box with
him and put it in his bedroom adjoining the
dining-room while they dined—whether locked
or not there is no testimony; I presume it was.
After dinner the judges of election interested
themselves in examining some outline maps
thatwere hungup in the dining-room, while the
inspector took himself to the bedroom, where
the ballot-box was, shut to the door, and was
absent fifteen minutes. Nobody saw what he
did, so far as we are informed. He returned
after a quarter of an hour from the bedroom,
and they took the ballot-box to the polls.
Upon counting the ballots at the close of the
polls and comparing the whole number of bal-
lots in the box with the poll-list, they found a
discrepancy of five or six. They had not bal-
lots enough by five or six. How were they to
make up the number, was the question. So
they concluded to take from their table five
or six ballots, put them in, and count them.
Where the ballots came from the witness did
not know. He only knew that they did not
come from the ballot-box.
Then there are these items of testimony:
first, the transaction that I have related touch-
ing the ballot-box at the dining-room. The
next morning, in connection with that matter,
it appears that as the servant girl undertook to
go into the bedroom, she could not get the door
clear open, aud on looking to ascertain what
the difficulty was, she found that somebody, in
that bedioom where the ballot-box was depos-
ited the day before, had taken up a tack out
of the carpet, and had tucked under the carpet
a quantity of Republican votes. [Laughter.]
So then we have in reference to this ballot-
box this phenomenon, as I might call it, if it
were not so frequent an occurrence in the ex-
perience of the committee. We have first the
fact that there was some trouble about the
count—some difficulty in counting up the votes
so as to make eighty-eight and come within
twenty of right. And we have next the fact
that when they found that they had not ballots
enough in the ballot-box to conform with the
tally, which showed how many had voted, they
took up votes wherever they could find them,
put them in, and counted them. And thirdly,
we have the suspicious circumstance of the
proximity of this inspector to the ballot-box
alone in his bedroom while his associates were
busy at the dining-room table, and the finding
of these ballots afterward under the carpet.
IS'ow, this is not positive evidence that any-
thing was done in the bedroom with this bal-
lot-box. I do not mean to assert that it is.
The question inay be put, and with some force,
what of all that? Does that prove that the
inspector did open the ballot-box? Certainly
it does not; but I submit that it is a suspicious
circumstance. And that suspicion, in my mind,
is considerably strengthened by the fact that if
the inspector did not do anything to the ballot-
box it would have been the easiest thing in the
world for the sitting member to summon him
and have him sworn. But he did not do so.
The sitting member produced no testimony on
that matter at all. He left the testimony that
we had with the full weight that it was entitled
1o as presented by the contestant, without the
slightest impugning of it from any quarter, when
it was the easiest thing in the world for him to
have called the inspector.
I know the answer to it might have been that
of course the inspector would swear that he did
not tamper with the ballot-box. Of course he
would, but, Mr. Speaker, there is something in
the appearance of the thing, and rather than
have left it just so, I would, if 1 had been in his
place, at least have tried my hand at swearing
the inspector.
The committee felt as if it was a fair and
proper inference from this testimony, from the
fact that all three of these judges knew, if it
were not true that they took these votes from
the table, and from the fact that this inspector
knew, if it were true that he did not touch the
ballot-box in that bedroom, that all of them
could have given some explanation of this dis-
crepancy of twenty votes m a count of eighty-
eight, that they could have presented some the-
ory of some sort, rational or-plausible, and met
this testimony in that way. But not meeting
it at all the committee: felt' as if strength was
added to it fairly and .properly, and they there?
fore caine to the conclusion that this ballot-box,
like that of Hamilton, coitlear-cd by the-judges
of election to have been tampered with, was
also tampered with, but to what extent, of
course, it was impossible for the committee, to
show. To what extent, therefore, they were
called upon to correct this return it was im-
possible for them to say, and therefore it wag
that they were compelled to say that this retain
on its face was false. If folse, it cannot be taken
as true; if not true, then it must be set aside,
and whoever it shall be shown has voted for
the sitting member and the contestant on this
poll should be counted in the general result. ,
With this evidence touching these townships,
we have the conclusion of the whole matter as
stated upon the 4th page of this report; and
laying aside the returns of these two township?
and adding to the vote of the sitting memJaer
and. of the contestant such votes as wereproved
by the one and by the other, and correcting tha 
vote of the other two townships in the manner
I have stated, that makes the majority of the
contestant 225. If any gentleman shall have
doubts touching the propriety of setting aside
the whole return of this last township that I
have been commenting on, and shall admit the
confession touching the Hamilton precinct, the
conclusion must be the same, and the result is
stated on the last page of the report to be a
majority for the contestant of 52.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the chafe-
man of the committee for some explanation in
regard to the computation of votes which I find
on page 10 of the majority report. I perceive
by the table which is there printed, that it pro-
ceeds upon a calculation founded, in the first
instance, on the rejection of the entire vote
from the townships of Hamilton and Riley, but
that there are subsequently added to the com-
putation the votes which were proven to have
been cast for one of the candidates.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. For both candidates.
Mr. THAYER. For both of the candidates.
I desire to ask the chairman of the committee
upon what principle the committee proceed,
when they find that a return was so fraud-
ulent that no reliance whatever can be placed
npon it, to make a new return out of votes
which are proven to have been cast, or, in other
words, to enter into a new election, discarding
entirely the official returns?
I do not know what may have been the rule
in regard to contested elections in this House,
but my understanding as a lawyer upon this
subject is, that when you discredit an official
return to such an extent that you show that no
reliance whatever can be placed npon it, you
must discard entirely the township or precinct
from which a return of that character proceeds,
and that you cannot, after discarding the re-
turn, attempt to make up a new election by
proving how many votes were cast for either of
the candidates. I may be mistaken in my view,
but I would like to hear the chairman of the
committee on that point.
Mr. DAWES. I tried to make myself under-
stood upon that point as I proceeded, but I see
I failed. It is true that when you find a return
in such a condition, so tainted with fraud, it
must be set aside, but the return only purports
to be evidence of the number of votes cast; it
is that evidence which the statute for conven-
ience sake has provided; that evidence is
shown to be false, but it does notfollow that it
is all the evidence that exists in the world: it is
only that the machinery of the statute which, for
convenience sake was provided to produce this
evidence, has failed; but then it is always the
rule to find out by some other evidence—sec-
ondary if yon cannot get primary—every voter
you can, to the end that the voters may not be
disfranchised because of the fraud of the judges
of the election.
Mr.' THAYER. That is the precise point
upon which I desire the gentleman, if he can,40
