970
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
February 21,
give us an authority, because I will state frankly
that my clear impression as <a matter of law
upon that point is, that where you throw out the
official return of a township for fraud, you can-
not show aliunde what the real state of the vote
was, but you must discard that township en-
tirely in arriving at the result, and if that kind
of fraud pervades the district to such an extent
as to render the result totally uncertain, you
must order a new election.
Mr. DAWES. Let me discuss this question
with the, gentleman from Pennsylvania. You
discard the official return. What is the official
return made for ? What is the object of it ?
It is only a method adopted by the statute of
ascertaining something for convenience sake,
namely, of ascertaining how many men voted
at that poll. But if, on account of fraud, you
have to set it aside, I never heard before that
you could not resort to some other evidence to
show what was the actual bona fide vole at that
poll. The books of contested elections are
just as full of authorities as they are of cases
of this kind.
Mr. THAYER. Can the gentleman cite any
case?
Mr. DAWES. I refer the gentleman to a
case in which I had his aid—the ease of Knox
vs. Blair. In that case return after return was
•set aside, and the parties spent days and weeks,
on the one side and on the other, in proving
how many votes were actually polled, because
the statute evidence had been (lone away with.
They went at it themselves, the one side and
the other; and so did we here. The parties
acted upon what they supposed was the law-
ami iii that the committee agreed with them—
that it you can set aside the return, each party
is thrown back upon such other evidence as he
can get.
, Take the ease of Blair vs. Barrett, where the
sitting memher was the contestant in the other
case I have mentioned. The party went upon
that principle in carrying on the case, and the
whole committee agreed that that was the cor-
rect rule of law. The silting member accepted
that as the law, and both parties acted upon it.
1 have yet to learn of an election case in which
that was not the law, and my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. tllayklt] will permit mo to say
that it is in accordance with what I think is
just and right. J think it is the rule which the
committee, follows, and which should bo the
rule for this House, to follow every honest vote
as long as you can follow it until you iind it
and find for whom it was east, and thus give
the right man the lull benefit of it. In that way
no mere formality, no mere nonconformity to
the requirements of the law on the part of the
officers of tlie poll in excluding a ballot shall
work the forfeiture of the right of the voter.
I refer the gentleman from Pennsylvania to the
Digest of Elections passim for illustrations to
that rule.
Mr. THAYER. That is a very convenient
land of reference, of course, but not a very
sat isfaetorv one. A reference passim is uo ref-
erence at all.
Mr. lJAWKS. Allow me to explain that
word passim. When a gentleman interrogates
nie upon the iloor, ho certainiv does not ex-
pect, me to run to the Library and get the book
ami give him the page.
Mr. 'I11A\ KH. Ko, sir. But the gentle-
man win allow mo to say that 1 have such
great confidence in -his experience upon this
subject that I supposed he must have consulted
some authorities upon such a point as this.
Mr. DA U K'S. Certainly 1 did.
Mr. KELLEY. If my colleague [Mr.
thayer] will allow me to interrupt him before
he_ proceeds with his remarks, 1 will say that I
think the rale, enforced here is the rule adopted
in our Pennsylvania courts in such eases. I
suggest to my colleague whether this rule was
not acted upon in the somewhat celebrated
district-attorney case in Philadelphia?
Mr. DAWES, The case of Mann vs. Cas-
suh ?
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; the ease before
that, of Heed vs. Kncass. The returns from
the fourth ward in that case having been
utterly condemned, the court sat for weeks
taking testimony upon the single point of how
many votes were cast, and how each, citizen
cast his vote, so that the election should not
be set aside because a fraud had been perpe-
trated in one or more election precincts.
Mr. DAWES. The eases of Reed vs. Kneass
and Mann vs. Cassidy are cases in courts of
law that take the same position I have sug-
gested.
Mr. THAYER. I do not think that point
was decided in the case of Mann vs. Cassidy,
or in any other Pennsylvania case. I am per-
fectly aware that when you are investigating
an election case, you may correct and amend
an election return to the precise extent of your
ability to do so. If you prove that fraudulent
votes were cast, you may insist upon the de-
duction of those votes from the election return.
If you prove that incompetent votes were cast,
you may deduct them from the return. You
may dcduct every vote that was unlawfully or
improperly cast, and you may add to the re-
turn such votes as were fraudulently or im-
properly omitted.- But you must still adopt
the return as your standard; you must adopt
that as the starting point in your computation.
If, however, you rule out the return entirely,
and say that it is of no force or validity what-
ever, that there is in point of fact and law no
official return from a particular township or
precinct., then 1 have yet to learn that any such
principle of law has been established as that
which is contended for—that you may make a
return by calling voters to prove that they
voted for A or 13. As long as you have any
portion of a return to start from and to cor-
rect, you may call witnesses, in order to cor-
rect, to add to, or subtract from that official
return. But when you throw out the return
entirely and say thai there is no official return
■whatever from a particular township or dis-
trict, I deny that you can make a new return
by calling witnesses to prove the number of
persons who voted for A or the number of
pel-sons who voted for B. I have yet to see
any authority that sustains such a position.
, Mr. DAWKS. Mr. Speaker, I have the
highest respect for the legal acumen and learn-
ing of my distinguished friend from Pennsyl-
vania, and if 1 supposed him to be now stating
this doctrine after an examination of the books
I should have great doabt. of the soundness of
the position which I have taken, but I feel so
well assured that my friend is speaking from
his impressions rather than from the books that
he will excuse me if I express some surprise
that ho speaks with so much confidence on the
point. If I have any knowledge of the rule
adopted in contested-election cases in this
House or in courts of law, so far as my expe-
rience and reading have gone, 1 must say that
my friend is mistaken.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if any gentleman desires
to debate the ease I yield the Hoor, otherwise
1 will call the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, T am taken
at great, disadvantage in being compelled to
discuss this question to-day. Since these pa-
pers were ordered to be printed, members of
this House who wish to vote understanding^
upon a question of such grave importance have
had no opportunity to inform themselves in ref-
erence to the facts or issues involved. 1 know
that I have had no opportunity to acquaint
myself properly with the point to be discussed
here to-day. 1 do hope that no vote will be
pressed upon this case, until members shall have
had an opportunity to read the views of the
minority as presented in their report. lam
told by several members that they are unable
this morning to obtain that report,, and that but
very few copies havo been sent to the House
for distribution. Now, I do insist at the out-
set that upon an important question like this,
involving the right of a member to his scat upon
this floor, and the right of the people of a con-
gressional district to' be properly represented,
it would be—I do not desire to use any offen-
sive language—an outrage to call upon mem-
bers to vote when they have had no oppor-
tunity to understand properly the evidence and
its.bearings.
I know, Mr. Speaker, that in a case of this
kind it is very easy, by a kind of arithmetical
jugglery, to confuse or conceal the real merits
of the question; but I affirm with all confidence
that no fair, unbiased man who will scrutinize
this evidence can say that he believes that Mr.
Washburn, the contestant in this case, received
a majority of the votes of the legal voters of
the district which he claims to be entitled to
represent in this House.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I am entirely willing to let
this case go over till Friday, provided the House
is willing to let us conclude it on that day. I
am perfectly content to acquiesce in the wish of
the House in reference to this matter. I appre-
ciate the force of what my friend from Illinois
[Mr. marshall] says, and 1 do not want to
occupy the attitude of pressing either a sitting
member or a contestant beyond anything that
tlie House may deem reasonable. I *have al-
ready stated this fairly. If the House is dis-
posed to say that the consi deration of this matter
shall be postponed until Friday next, immedi-
ately after the reading of the Journal, so that
the question may be disposed of before the
adjournment on that day, I will not interpose a
word of objection.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 fear, Mr. Speaker, that
I shall not be able to-day to do justice to my
view of the case.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I simply
desire to state that any arrangement made by
the gentleman from Illinois will be acceptable
to me. I am not listening to the propositions
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, but any-
thing the gentleman from Illinois agrees to
will be acceptable to me.
Mr. MARSHALL. I already asked the
House this morning indulgence in this case,
and they refused it.
The SPEAKER. No vote was taken on the
question.
Mr. DAWES. I will take the sense of the
House on the question. I will move the post-
ponement of the further consideration of this
matter until Friday next, after the reading of
the Journal.
Mr. ROGERS. I move Tuesday.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope Tuesday will be
accepted; I want to pass some appropriation
bills.
Mr. DAWES. The only objection I have to
postponement until Tuesday next is this: it is
impossible for me to be hero for ten days after
Friday next.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Say Tuesday week, then.
Mr. DAWES. Will the parties consent to
that? If the House propose to send it over
ten days or consider it without me, I have no
objection.
'The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has the floor, and can make any motion
he pleases.
Mr., DAWES, tinder the present appeal of
my friend from Illinois, as well as in answer to
what I can understand to be the wish of the
sitting member, I move that the subject be post-
poned until Friday, immediately aftcrthe morn-
ing hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I shall expect the vote to be
taken on that day.
THOMAS MARTIN.
Mr. LATHAM moved that the Committee of
Claims be discharged from the further consid:
oration and leave be granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers of
Thomas Martin.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. FoEUET,
their Secretary, notified the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution (H, R, No.
