1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
to the general salary account of that Depart-
ment, was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
LIQUOR IN' THE CAPITOL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the concurrent resolution
of the Senate prohibiting the sale of spirituous
and other liquors in the Capitol building and
grounds; the amendment being to insert the
words "and other public buildings" after the
word "building" where it occurs in the reso-
lution.
Mr. SHERMAN. The provision ought to
be limited certainly to Washington, for there
are public buildings and grounds in various
parts of the country which would be covered
unless some limitation were made.
Mr. CONNESS. In addition to that, I beg
to suggest that the resolution as it now stands
extends the jurisdiction of the President of the
Senate and Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives over other public buildings beside
the Capitol, evidently with impropriety. I sug-
gest that the amendment had better be referred
to a committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. And it applies not only
here but to all public buildings all over the
country. Is it expected that the President of
the Senate and Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives are to make a journey of investi-
gation on the subject?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To what
committee does the Senator from California
propose to refer the amendment ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that the better
way is just to disagree to the amendment of
the House of Representatives. Then if they
ask for a committee of conference the matter
can be at ranged.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator
from Ohio : the better  aj is to send it back.
1 he PRESiDEX i pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives, and the Chair will
put the question affirmatively.
Mr. SUMNER. My colleague, who intro-
duced the resolution, is now absent, and I hope
nothing will be done by which the resolution
shall sutler. 1 agree, therefore, with my friend
from Ohio that we had -better disagree to the
Hou.se amendment and send the resolution
back.
_ Mr. POMEROY. Would it be in order to
disagree with the amendment of the House of
Representatives with an amendment?
The PRESIDENT jjro tempore. The ques-
tion will be put affirmatively, Will the Senate
concur? A negative vote amounts to a non-
concurrence.
Mr. POME ROY. I think we ought to
apply the principle of the confiscation act to
this liquor trafiic. It is a public enemy, and
we ought, to have the principle of search, seiz-
ure. and confiscation applied to it; but I shall
not undertake "to move an amendment now.
The question being put, the amendment
of the House of Representatives was non-
concurred in.
PUXSIGX LAWS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I propose first to
take up the bill (S. No. 22) supplementary to
the s-everal acts relating to pensions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the first in order on the Calendar of the bills
reported from the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. In that case there
is an adverse report, and in order to get the
b'H off the Calendar I move that it be'indefi-
tjii<My postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
KATE 01? PEXSIOX.
_ On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
bill (S. No. 131) supplementary to the several
ac*s in relation to pensions was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It is provided by the bill that from and after
its passage every non-commissioned officer,
musician, artificer, or private of the Army,
including regulars, volunteers, and militia, and
every warrant or petty officer, musician, sea-
man, ordinary seaman, flotilla-man, marine,
clerk, landsman, pilot, or other person in the
Navy or Marine corps, who has been disabled
by reason of any wound received or disease
contracted while in the service of the United
States and in the line of his duty, or who may
hereafter be disabled in such service, and who
is not now entitled by law to a greater sum,
shall, upon making due proof according to such
forms and regulations as are or may be required
by or in pursuance of law, be placed upon the
list of invalid pensions of the United States,
at the rate of twelve dollars per month, to be
governed by the same limitations and restric-
tions as are now prescribed by an act entitled
"An act to grant pensions," approved July 14,
18C2.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The subject-matter
of this bill is embraced in a general bill from
the House of Representatives with this differ-
ence : that this bill proposes a general increase
of pensions from eight dollars to twelve dol-
lars a month, while the other bill proposes to
increase the pension for greater disabilities
and to leave the pension as it is for ordinary
pensions. I propose to take up the general
House bill, and I move, therefore, that this bill
lie on the table for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
CIIAIILES YOCLY.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move next to take
up House bill No. 218.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 218) for the relief of Charles Youly was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Charles Youly,
of Dunkirk, Chautauqua county, New York,
late private of company D, seventy-second regi-
ment New York volunteers, of $135 33J, being
at the rate of live dollars per month, from the
23th day of November, 1862, to the 27th day
of February, 1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
AX>- JIEXIT.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move next to
take up the bill (S. No. 201) for the relief of
Ann Heth, widow of William Heth, of Hag-i-
son county, Indiana.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. Its purpose is to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of Ann Hetli, widow of William Heth, of Har-
rison county, in the State of Indiana, who was
killed by the rebel Morgan's men, while resist-
ing their advance upon Corydon, Indiana, upon
the pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence on the Oth day of July,
1863, and to continue during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
RESTRICTIONS UPOS PENSION PAYMENTS.
On motion 'of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution (S. It.
No. 46) removing the restrictions upon the pay-
ment of pensions to certain persons while in the
service of the United States, which had been
reported upon adversely by the Committee on
Pensions.
The resolution provides that the act entitled
"An act supplementary to the several acts
relating to pensions," approved March 3,1805,
shall not hereafter be so construed as to deprive
invalid pensioners, or the widows or heirs of
any persons who have served in the Army or
Navy during the late war, of the pension to
which they are entitled by reason of holding
any office under the Government, in cases
where the compensation received from the
United States as pay or salary does not exceed
$800 per annum.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The subject-matter
of this joint resolution is already contained in
a general bill pending^ before the Senate, and
I therefore move that the joint resolution be
indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
ALBERT NEVINS.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 208) for
the relief of Albert Nevins. By its terms the
Secretary of the Interior will be directed to
place the name of Albert Nevins, late a private
in company K, ninety-second regiment New
York State volunteers, upon the list of pen-
sioners at the rate of twenty-five dollars per
month, in lieu of eight dollars per month
heretofore allowed him ; to commence on the
passage of the act and to continue during his
natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
COP,DELIA MURRAY.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
Seriate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (IT. R. No. 21G) for
the relief of Cordelia Murray. The bill pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
pay to Cordelia Murray, widow of George W.
Murray, the pension granted to George W.
Murray by an act of Congress approved Decem-
ber 20, 1864, entitled "An act for the relief of
George W. Murray."
Mr. FESSENDEN. T should like to know
whether there is a report in this case.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There are reports
in all these cases. A House or Senate report
accompanies every bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I remember that for-
merly when we used to fall on a day like this
somebody who guarded the Treasury pretty
well would insist upon the reading of the report
ill each ease 
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have no objec-
tion to that. There is a report in every case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So that we might see
whether they were right or not. It was found
to be pretty difficult to get a good many of these
bills through when they were understood. 1 do
not feel inclined to take that office, but I wish
to ask my friend from Indiana whether all these
cases which he is calling up have been very
critically and carefully examined in the com-
mittee of which he is the chairman.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. WTe have examined
every case and every voucher and every paper,
and the whole committee have reported upon
them. We have been some two or three weeks
trying to get these bills all right and in ship-
shape.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose, as these are
special acts granting pensions, that the cases
do not come under any genera I law.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. They do not come
under any general law ; otherwise, they would
not be here at all. 1 will ask the Secretary to
read the report in this case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
the report. Has it been printed?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All these reports ought
to be printed and laid on our tables, so that we
mav have a chance to read them.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That has been done,
I think, in every single instance with regard to
Senate bills. This is a House report, and I do
not know whether it was ordered to be printed
or not. 1 do not think it was.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have noticed that
some of these reports in these pension cases
have been laid on our tables. Has that been
followed as a general rule?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir, always.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to hear
the report in this case.
The Secretary read the report made by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions in the House
of Representatives, from which it appears that
by an act of Congress entitled "An act. for the
relief of George W. Murray,'' approved Decern-
