1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3851:
was present he would vote for the passage of
this bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I desire to state that the gen-
tleman from New York, Mr. Pomeroy, is paired
with his colleague, Mr. Humphrey, oil this
question.
Mr. HUMPHREY. The understanding with
Mr. Pomeroy was that when I left the city we
were to be paired. I told him I would- not leave
until the latter part of this week.
Mr. EL 10 X only stated what I understood
from Mr. Pomeroy.
Mr. ORTII. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Fakquiiar, is detained from the
House by indisposition. If he was present he
would vote for this bill.
Mr. COBB. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Paine, is absent from the Hall to-
day on account of indisposition. My colleague,
Mr. Si-oan, is absent and paired on this ques-
tion with Mr. Harris. Both of my colleagues,
if present, would vote for this bill. Mr. Harris,
I think, would vote against it if he were here.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. My colleague, Mr.
Schexck, was compelled to leave the House
about an hour ago by indisposition. He would
vote for the bill if he were present.
Mr. DRIGGS. My colleagues, Mr. Beamax
and Mr. Upsox, are absent on account of ill-
ness. If they were here they would both vote
for this bill.
Mr. EGGLESTON. My colleague^ Mr.
Hayes, is absent on account of indisposition.
T am authorized to state that if he was present
he would vote for this bill.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. My colleague, Mr.
P. Thomas, is absent on account of indisposi-
tion. If he were present I am satisfied he
would vote for this bill.
Mr. WARD. I desire to say that most of
my colleagues are opposed to this veto.
Mr. .JOHNSON. My colleague, Mr. Des-
ison, is absent on account of serious illness.
If he were present he would undoubtedly vote
against the passage of this bill. And I desire
to say further that there are a great many more
members voting "ay" now, than there will be
in the next Congress upon similar measures.
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to say thai Mr.
Ixgersoll stated to me that he was obliged
to leave the House on account of indisposi-
tion. If he were present he would vote for
the passage of this bill.
Mr. PERHAM. My colleague, Mr. Rice,
has been compelled to leave the city. If he
was present he would vote " ay."
Mr. H0TCHK1SS. Myeolleague; Mr. Hot-
bard, is absent on account of indisposition.
If he was present he would vote for the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received a
note from Mr. Dodge stating that he is detained
from the House by indisposition.
Mr. ANCONA. I desire to state that the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. McCui.lough]
has been called away from the House within
the last few minutes. If he were here he would
vote in the negative.
The call of the roll being concluded, _
The SPEAKER. On the reconsideration of
this bill, entitled "An act to continue in force
and to amend an act to establish a Bureau for
the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for
other purposes," the vote is 104 in the affirma-
tive and 38 in the negative. Two thirds having
voted in the affirmative, the bill has, notwith-
standing the objections of the President, again
passed. [Applause.]
ASSAULT UPON' A MEMBER AGAIN.
Mr. RAYMOND. I yield the floor to the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilsox.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, there
was a time in the history of this Government
when a breach of the privileges of the House
of Representatives by an assault upon one of
its member.-' for words spoken in debate would
have been considered a very grave offense.
But, sir, judging from the remarks which have
been made upon the case we arc now consid-
ering, one would be justified in concluding that
that time has passed. Around the members
of this body the Constitution has thrown its
special protection ; but that does not seem to
be regarded as of any consequence now. One
might conclude from the run of the debate
upon this occasion that my colleague is upon
trial rather than the member from Kentucky.
Now, sir, I wish to examine for a few min-
utes the character of the offense of which the
gentleman from Kentucky is guilty. The Con-
stitution of the United States, in the fourth
section of the first article, provides as follows:
"The Senators and Representatives shall receive
a compensation for their services, to be ascertained
by law and paid out of the Treasury of the United
States. They shall in all cases, except treason, fel-
ony, and breach of the peace, be privileged from
arrest during their attendance at the session of their
respective Houses, and in going to or returning from
the same; and for any speech or debate in either
House they shall not be questioned in any other
place."
That is the language of the Constitution of
the United States. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, when he at the beginning of the session
presented himself as a member of this body,
was required by the law and the Constitution
to take at the Clerk's desk, in the presence of
the House and the country, an oath to support
that Constitution. His oath covered as much
the section I have read as any other section of
the Constitution. He therefore is guilty of a
higher offense than would be involved in an
act of like character committed by a person
not a member of this body. If a person not
a member of this House should commit an
assault upon a member for words spoken in
debate, although guilty of ar'great offense, he
would not have resting upon his conscience a
violation of that obligation which requires
every member of this body to observe the
Constitution of the United States. Therefore
I say that the offense which the gentleman
from Kentucky has committed is the gravest
which can be committed against the privileges
of this House and its members. That, sir, is
the character of his offense, a violation of the
Constitution which his solemn oath requires
him to observe, respect, and maintain.
This being the character of the offense, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Hale] who
last addressed the House on this case, might
well have said that he would not claim that the
gentleman from Kentucky was justified, by any
circumstances attending this case, in making the •
assault; that he would not discuss the ques-
tion of justification; that he would put that
altogether aside. And I was amazed that a gen-
tleman of his intelligence should, while thus in-
sisting upon the absence of justification, make
a speech which, in spirit, was, throughout its
length and breadth, a justification of the
assault committed on the person of my col-
league. And why? Because my colleague,
in a debate upon this floor—or, if the gentle-
man from New York says that it was not in
"debate," I will say in a speech upon this
floor—used language which was distasteful to
the member from Kentucky—language of such
grossly insulting character, as insisted by the
gentleman from New York, that the member
from Kentucky could not resist that natural
impulse which required at his hands a castiga-
tion of the member uttering such language.
Now, I propose to see whether there is not
another side to this case. I propose to see
whether the gentleman from Kentucky, whose
conduct is sought to be palliated, if not justified,
has so governed his utterances in this House
as to keep himself entirely from the charge of
having furnished provocation to the gentleman
from Iowa to retort in the manner he did.
The difficulty between the gentleman from
Kentucky and my colleague had its origin in
the month of February. During that month
the gentleman from Kentucky made a speech
on the Freedmen's Bureau bill. In that speech
he made use of language to which my colleague
excepted: and in some remarks which he made
on the 5th of February I find the following :
"Mr. Gkinnkll. History repeats itself. I care not
whether the gentleman wa' four years m the war on
the Union side or four years on the otherside; but I
say that he degraded his State and uttered a sentk
ment I thought unworthy of an American officer -when
he said that he would do such an act on the complaint
of a negro against him."
The allegation by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky was that he would shoot, a negro who
would cause his arrest by an officer of the
Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I never used such lan-
guage as that on any occasion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
will not have any question with me when he
hears me through. I said that was the charge
alleged by my colleague as to what the gentle-
man from Kentucky said in his speech. It was
made before the publication of the speech in
the Globe, the gentleman from Kentucky hav-
ing withheld his speech for revision. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky, on the 6th day of Feb-
ruary, having read in the Globe the speech of
the gentleman from Iowa, rose to a personal
explanation, and I read from the Globe the
following:
"Mr. Rousseau. I desire. Mr. Speaker, to make
a personal explanation. Before doing so I will ask
the Clerk to read a paragraph which X have marked
in the report of yesterday's debate, as published m
the Daily Globe of this morning.
" The Clerk read as follows:
"' Mr. Gkinnell. History repeats itself. I care not
■whether the gentleman was four years in the war oil
theTJnion side or four years on the other side; but X
say that he degraded his State and uttereda sentiment
I thought unworthy of an American officer when he
said that he would do such an act on the complaint
of a negro against him.'
"Mr. Rousseau, Mr. Speaker, I did not use the
language imputed to mo by the member from Iowa,
[Mr. Gkinnell.1 And I pronounce the assertion that
has just been read, that I have degraded my State
and uttered a sentiment, unworthy an American offi-
cer, to be false, a vile slander, and unworthy to be
uttered by any gentleman upon this floor."
Now, Mr. Speaker, the language of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky made use of on that
occasion was of course entirely pure, chaste,
and parliamentary. He only denounced the
utterance as false and a vile slander unworthy
to be uttered by any gentleman on this floor.
This is all entirely competent and parliamen-
tary, having been made by the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. RO USSE AU. I ask the gentleman, was
that not a proper reply to an assertion that I
had degraded my State and uttered sentiments
unworthy of an American officer ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am not here to
pass any special judgment on the action of the
gentleman from Kentucky as to what in his
opinion may or may not be proper language
for him to use. I am now, sir, endeavoring to
show that there is at least some shadow cast
across the bright, brilliant, and unexception-
able parliamentary pathway which has been
claimcd for that gentleman.
On that same occasion my colleague sought
the floor for an explanation and used this lan-
guage:
"Mr. Grinsell. Mr. Speaker, I have no explana-
tion further than to say that the gentleman has with-
held his remarks, and that X have published mine. I
alluded to his remarks as I understood them, and
stated distinctly that I had no desire to do the gen-
tleman any injustice. I criticised his language as I
understood it, and X stand by that criticism. If I did
not represent his language correctly, then I make an
apology to him in regard to that. But if I understood
his language correctly I make no apology for my criti-
cism of it. The gentleman from Kentucky responded.
Myobjectwas not to obtain an apology from the gen-
tleman, but to say what I have said."
And this is the way in which this gentleman
who says he waited four days for an apology
met the intimation from my colleague that if
he had misrepresented him he was ready to
make an apology. He did not want an apology.
He was not prepared to receive an apology.
He had uttered his unparliamentary language
for its own sake. Even after the colloquy my
colleague offers if he was mistaken to make
an apology, but the gentleman from Kentucky
wanted no apology—he merely wanted " to say
what he had said."
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Iwishtosay,Mr. Speaker,
that there was so much confusion in the Hall
on that occasion that I merely heard the word
