2892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
garded, also, not with favor as an addition to
the population in a social point of view ; not
that there is any intercourse between tBe two
classes of persons there, but they are not re-
garded as pleasant neighbors ; their habits are
not of a character that make them at all an
inviting class to have near you, and the people
so generally regard them. But in their habits
otherwise, they are a docile, industrious peo-
ple, and they are now passing from mining
into other branches of industry and labor.
They are tound employed as servants in a
great many families and in the kitchens of
hotels; they are found as farm hands in the
fields ; and latterly they are employed by
thousands—indeed, I suppose there are from
six to seven thousand of them now employed
in building the Pacific railroad. They are
there found to be very valuable laborers,' pa-
tient and effective ; and, I suppose, before the
present year closes, ten or fifteen thousand of
them, at least, will be employed on that great
work.
The State of California has undertaken, at
different times, to pass restrictive statutes as
to the Chinese. The State has imposed a tax
on their right to work the mines, and collected
it ever since the State has been organized—a
tax of four dollars a month on each China-
man ; but the Chinese could afford to pay that
and still work in the mines, and they have
done so. Various acts have been passed im-
posing a poll tax or head tax, a capitation tax,
upon their arrival at the port of San Francisco;
but all such laws, when tested before the su-
preme court of the State of California, the
supreme tribunal of that people, have been
decided to be unconstitutional and void.
Mr. HOWARD. A very just and constitu-
tional decision, undoubtedly.
Mr. CONNKSS. Those laws have been
tested' in our own courts, and when passed
under the influence of public feeling there they
have been declared again and again by the
supreme court of the State of California to be
void, violative of our treaty obligations, an
interference with the commerce of the nation.
Now, then, I beg the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, though it may be very good cap-
ital in an electioneering campaign to declaim
against the Chinese,_ not to give himself any
trouble about the Chinese, but to confine him-
self entirely to the injurious effects of this pro-
vision upon the encouragement of a Gypsy
invasion of Pennsylvania. I had never heard
myself of the invasion of Pennsylvania by Gyp-
sies. I do not know, and I do not know that
the honorable Senator can tell us, how many
Gypsies the census shows to be within the State
of Pennsylvania. The only invasion of Penn-
sylvania within my recollection was an inva-
sion very much worse and more disastrous to
the State, and more to be feared and more
feared, than that of Gypsies. It was an inva-
sion of rebels, which this amendment, if I un-
derstand it aright, is intended to guard against
and to prevent the recurrence of. On that
occasion I am not aware, I do not remember
that the State of Pennsylvania claimed the ex-
clusive right of expelling the invaders, but on
the contrary my recollection is that Pennsyl-
vania called loudly for the assistance of her
sister States to aid in the expulsion of those
invaders—did not claim it as a State right to
exclude them, did not think it was a violation
of the sovereign rights of the State when the
citizens of New York and New Jersey went to
the field in Pennsylvania and expelled those
invaders.
But why all this talk about Gypsies and Chi-
nese? I have lived in the United States for
now man3' ayear, and really I have heard*more
about Gypsies within the last two or three
months than I have heard before in my life.
It cannot be because they have increased so
much of late. It cannot be because they have
been felt to be particularly oppressive in this
or that locality. It must be that the Gypsy
element is to be added to our political agita-
tion, so that hereafter the negro alone shall
not claim our entire attention. Here is a sim-
ple declaration that a score or a few score of
human beings born in the United States shall
be regarded as citizens of the United States,
entitled to civil rights, to the right of equal
defense, to the right of equal punishment for
crime with other citizens ; and that such a pro-
vision should be deprecated by any person
having or claiming to have a high humanity
passes all my understanding and comprehen-
sion. /
Mr. President, let me give an instance here,
in this connection, to illustrate the necessity
of the civil rights bill in the State of Califor-
nia ; and I am quite aware that what I shall
say will go to California, and I wish it to do
so. By the influence of our "southern breth-
ren," who I will not say invaded California,
but who went there in large numbers some
years since, and who seized political power in
that State and used it, who made our statutes
and who expounded our statutes from the
bench, negroes were forbidden to testify in the
courts of law of that State, and Mongolians
were forbidden to testify in the courts; and
therefore for many years, indeed, until 1862,
the State of .California held officially that a
man with a black skin could not tell the truth,
could not be trusted to give a relation in a
court of law of what he saw and what he
knew. In 1862 the State Legislature repealed
the law as to negroes, but not as to Chinese.
Where white men were parties the statute
yet remained, depriving the Mongolian of the
right to testify in a court of law. What was
the consequence of preserving that statute?
I will tell you. During the four years of re-
bellion a good many of our "southern breth-
ren'1 in California took upon themselves -the
occupation of what is there technically called
"road agents." It is a term well known
and well understood there. They turned out
upon the public highways, and became rob-
bers, highway robbers they seized the treas-
ure transmitted and conveyed by the express
companies, by our stage lines, and in one
.instance made a very heavy seizure, and
claimed that it was done in accordance with
the authority of the so-called confederacy.
But the authorities of California hunted them
down, caught a few of them, and caused them
to be hanged, not recognizing the commis-
sion of Jeff. Davis for those kinds of trans-
actions within our bounds. The spirit of
insubordination and violation of law, pro-
moted and encouraged by rebellion here,
affected us so largely that large numbers of—
I will not say respectable southern people,
and I will not say that it was confined to them
alone—but large numbers of persons turned
out upon the public highways, so that robbery
was so common upon the highways, particu-
larly in the interior and in the mountains
of that State, that it was not wondered at,
but the wonder was for anybody that trav-
eled on the highways to escape robbery. The
Chinese were robbed with impunity, for if a
white man was not present no one could testify
against the offender. They were robbed and
plundered and murdered, and no matter how
many of them were present and saw the per-
petration of those acts, punishment could not
follow, for they were not allowed to testify.
Now, sir, I am very glad indeed that we have
determined at length that every human being
may relate what he heard and saw in a court
of law when it is required of him, and that
our jurors are regarded as of sufficient intelli-
gence to put the right value and construction
upon what is stated.
_ So much for what has been said in connec-
tion with the application of this provision to
the State that I in part represent here. I beg
my honorable friend from Pennsylvania to give
himself no further trouble on account of the
Chinese in California or on the Pacific coast.
We are fully aware of the nature of that class
of people and their influence among us, and
feel entirely able to take care of them and to
provide against any evils that may flow from
their presence among us. We are entirely
ready to accept the provision proposed in this
constitutional amendment, that the children
born here of Mongolian parents shall lie de-
clared by the Constitution of the United States
to be entitled to civil rights and to equal pro-
tection before the law with others.
Mr. HOWARD. There is a typographical
error in the amendment now under considera-
tion. The word "State" in the eleventh line
is printed "States." It should be in the sin-
gular instead of the plural number, so as to
read "all persons born in the United States
and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are
citizens of the United States and of the State"
(not States) " wherein they reside." I move
that that correction be made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to the Senator
from Michigan that it stands just as well as
it is.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to correct the error
of the printer; it is printed "States" instead
of "State."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I doubt whether it is an
error of the printer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
•Senator from Wisconsin to the amendment of
the Senator from Michigan to the resolution
before the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTDE. I moved this amend-
ment because it seems to me very clear that
there is a large mass of the Indian population
who are clearly subject to the jurisdiction of
the United States who ought not to be included
as citizens of the United States. All the
Indians upon reservations within the several
States are most clearly subject to our jurisdic-
tion, both civil and military. We appoint
civil agents who have a control over them in
behalf of the Government. We have our mil
itary commanders in the neighborhood of the
reservations, who have complete control. For
instance, there are seven or eight thousand
Navajocs at this moment under the control
of General Carlton, in New Mexico, upon the
Indian reservations, managed, controlled, fed
at the expense of the United States, and fed
by the War Department, managed by the War
Department, and at a cost to this Government
of almost a million and a half of dollars every
year. Because it is managed by the War
Department, paid out of the commissary fund
and out of the appropriations for quartermas-
ters' stores, the people do not realize the enor-
mous expense which is upon their hands. Are
these six or seven thousand Navajoes to be
made citizens of the United States? Go into
the State of Kansas, and you find there any
number of reservations, Indians in all stages,
from the wild Indian of the plains, who lives
on nothing but the meat of the buffalo, to
those Indians who are partially civilized and
have partially adopted the habits of civilized
life. So it is in other States. In my own
State there are the Chippewas, the remnants
of the Winnebagoes, and the Pottawatomies.
There are tribes in the State of Minnesota and
other States of the Union. Are these persons
to be regarded as citizens of the United States,
and by a constitutional amendment declared
to be such, because they are born within the
United States and srtgect to our jurisdic-
tion ?
Mr. President, the word "citizen," if applied
to them, would bring in all the Digger Indians
of California. Perhaps they have mostly dis-
appeared ; the people of California, perhaps,
have put them out of the way ; but there are
the Indians of Oregon and the Indians of the
Territories. Take Colorado; there arc more
Indian citizens of Colorado than there are
white citizens this moment if you admit it as
a State. And yet by a constitutional amend-
ment you propose to declare the Utes, the
Tabahuaebes, and all those wild Indians to be
citizens of the United States, the great Repub-
lic of the world, whose citizenship should be a
