38521
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
apology. I did not kaow whether it was the
refusal or an offer to. make one.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa; I do think that if
the gentleman was particularly anxious for an
apology, and heard ray colleague use the word
apology, without knowing whether he was tend-
ering one or refusing one, he might, without any
great breach of decorum, have made some in-
quiry into that subject.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I did not want to do so.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Well, then, the gen-
tleman presents a bar to his own explanation,
when he says that he did not want an apology
on that occasion. -
Thus the case between these two gentlemen
rested until the 8th of February,' 1866, when
my colleague rose to a personal explanation,
the speech of the gentleman from Kentucky
having appeared in the Globe in the mean time.
He said ijpon that occasion:
''Mr. .Speaker, the member from Kentucky [Mr,
SopsseahJ who used unparliamentary language in
reference to myself, is, I obsorve, in his seat, and I
embrace the first opportunity since the publication
of his speech to show him what my animus toward
nim was in the remark I made, and ' that I had no
desire to do him injustice or to impugn his honor.'
Here is his own language in the Globe. It presents
the question of fact, and I read it:
"' If you intend to arrest white people on the exparte
statement of negroes, and hold them to suit your con-
venience for trial, and fine and imprison them, then
I say that I oppose you; and if you should so arrest
and punish me, I would kill you when you set me at
liberty.'"
_ Now, the discrepancy between what was ori-
ginally charged by my colleague and what was
really said by the gentleman from Kentucky,
was that my colleague understood him to say
that he would shoot the negro who«might cause
his arrest, or so charged. But it appeared
when the speech came out that he really stated
that he would kill the United States officer who
would' arrest and punish him on the ex parte
statement of a negro; that he would wreak his
vengeance upon a sworn officer of the Govern-
ment, and not upon a negro.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I wish the gentleman
to do me the justice to read what I said upon
the subject, referring to the arrest of a man's
wife and child, and the holding of them over
to await the convenience of the agent of the
Freedmen's Bureau to try them. My remark
was in reference to that.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I remember very
well that the gentleman used that as an illus-
tration in his speech.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I was speaking about
that and nothing else. I was referring to the
arrest of women and children, not allowing
them to remain at home, but keeping them in
jail for trial the next day, either for conviction
or acquittal. It was about that I was speaking.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman can
make his own speech, if he desires to do so,
when I am through. I have been stating the
ease as it is made up between these two gen-
tlemen in the Globe. I have been presenting
the language used by them during the progress
of this difficulty. It is not for me to account
for the motives of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky ; his language is what I have to deal with.
Now, sir, there was a correction made here
by my colleague, presenting the gentleman's
own language as it appeared in the Globe after
it had passed under the revision of its author.
But the gentleman from Kentucky, not being
satisfied with what had occurred, brought the
subject up again on the platform in New York,
and made someremarksto which my colleague
took exception in his remarks of the 11th June.
Some two months had elapsed between the last
occasion on which the subject was referred to
in the House and the reference to it by the
gentleman from Kentucky in New York, before
an audience in a community where my colleague
formerly lived. He denounced him as " a piti-
ful politician," all of which was, of course, en-
tirely appropriate, and I suppose if it had been
said by him ujjon the floor of this House would
have been claimed to have been entirely par-
liamentary.
We como now to the 11th day of June, when
the offense was offered by my colleague which
July 16,
is claimed to be a justification of the assault
upon him, or at least in mitigation of it. This
was some four months after the original offense
and after the gentleman from Kentucky had
stated in the House that he did not want an
apology from my colleague.
• Let me refer to the strictly parliamentary
language used by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky in the elaborate speech which he made
upon that occasion. He said:
"I had under my command and fighting underme
from that member's State^ some of the bravest troops
xrom any State in the Union. I was in the war from
the beginning of it it until the end. In the North-
west I was known to have been in the Federal Army;
but that member said he did not know whether I
was on the rebel or the Federal side. I do not sup-
pose a member in this House believed one word of
what he said."
At this point my colleague rose and endeav-
ored to make an explanation ; but the gentle-
man from Kentucky said:
"No, sir; I cannot be interrupted now. I wish to
say that when a member can so far depart from what
everybody believes he ought to know, and does know
is the truth, it is a degradation, not to his State, for
he cannot degrade her, but to himself. Iowa is not
to be degraded by any one or even by all of hermem-
bers on this floor. She is a gallant State, and I know
what herjjeople are."
Well, this maybe regarded as a kind of gen-
eral fling at the Iowa delegation. But 1 let
that pass inasmuch as, with the exception of
my colleague, [Mr. Grinnell,] we have no
particular interest in the matter beyond the
protection of the privileges of members of this
House. But I did not read all of his language.
I will go further back in his speech, and read
another extract from it:
"I said, sir, awhile ago, that flings had been con-
stantly made at my native State, in my hearing, upon
this floor; and last'and least of all things and every-
body, let us give a moment's attention to the member
from Iowa, [Mr. Grinnell.] who first assailed her
here. Shortly after Congress assembled he assailed
my State and myself; he charged that I had degraded
my native State saying that Iwould defend my fam-
ily against the agents of the Freedmen's Bureau.
That member was pleased to say on the floor, in an-
swer to a suggestion of my colleague, [Mr. Smith,]
that he did not know whether I had fought four
years on the rebel side or on the Federal side in the
late war."
Now, I affirm there is just as much of insult
in what the member from Kentucky said on
that occasion in reference to my colleague as
there was in what my colleague said in refer-
ence to the gentleman from Kentucky. And
let me remind the House here that the whole
attack of the member from Kentucky on that
occasion was based upon a misrepresentation
of what my colleague had said; a misrepre-
sentation of the language which the gentleman
from Kentucky himself had studied and made
the basis of a personal explanation in this
House. Let it be borne in mind that he here
asserts and makes it the ground of his attack
that my colleague had said that he did not know
whether the gentleman from Kentucky had
fought on the rebel side or on the Federal side,
and remember in this connection that on the
6th day of February, 1866, the gentleman from
Kentucky made a personal explanation, to
which I have already referred, in which he
quoted the language of my colleague, and which
he at that time saw and knew to be as follows:
"I care not whether the gentleman was four years
in the war on the Union side or four years on the
other side."
Not "I do not know," but "I care not."
The gentleman from Kentucky gets up in this
House to a personal explanation, having read
that language in the Globe, having conned it
over, having had it read from the Clerk's desk
as the basis of his personal explanation. And
then, after nursing his wrath for more than
four months, he misrepresents the language in
order to make an attack on my colleague.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Willthegentlemanallow
me a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. My colleague [Mr.
Smith] told me, and the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] agreed with him, that
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell j said
he did not know and did not care whether I
had served four years on the one side or the
other. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] so informed the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] before the committee.
Therefore I did not misrepresent, and did not
intend to misrepresent, what was said on that
occasion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
does not help his case one particle by his state-
ment. He says now that the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Smith] and the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] told him that my
colleague said he did not know and did not
care whether he [Mr. Rousseau] served in the
rebel army or in the Union Army. That is
not what the gentleman from Kentucky said in
Jun'e. He then said that the language of my
colleague was that he "did not know."
Mr. BANKS. My statement before the com-
mittee was that my impression and my recollec-
tion of the language of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Grinnell] was that he "did not know."
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. It would be a sorry
thing for this House to establish as a precedent
that it will take the recollection or the impres-
sion, as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] says, as to what language members
use in debate, casting aside the report of their
remarks in the Globe entirely. The gentle-
man from Kentucky, in February, made use
of the^ Globe as the basis .of his personal ex-
planation. The language therein contained
was what he found fault with on that occa-
sion ; and yet he changes the language when
he comcs to speak in June, and refuses to give
my colleague an opportunity to explain, de-
clines to yield the floor for an explanation.
Sir, we have had too much "impression"
about this case already; altogether too much
"impression.," Instead of being guided by
the imprint which the official type have made
upon the official records of this House, the
impressions of gentlemen have been resorted
to. This is the case so far as the words used
in debate are concerned. But I am not ready
to yield the case to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky yet. There is one other thing worthy
of our attention. After my colleague had re-
sponded to the gentleman from Kentucky the
gentleman from Kentucky sought the floor
again to reply. He did reply to what was said
on that occasion by my colleague, and he closed
his reply in this language:
"I hope nowthat I have heard the last of the mem-
ber from Iowa. I hope I shall never have occasion
to recur to the subject again. Whatever glory he has
gained in this contest 1 am content he should wear."
Such, sir, was the parting language of the
gentleman from Kentucky to my colleague.
He in effect declared that he desired to hear
nothing more in relation to the case ; that he
desired to have nothing more to do with my
colleague. With that declaration imprinted
upon the records, the member from Kentucky
deliberates for four days—"expecting an apol-
ogy, '' though he had once notified my colleague
that he would not receive one; and closing in
the House with the remarks I have just quoted,
again notifying my 'colleague that he wanted
nothing to do with him. The belligerents re-
tired from the field. All was at peace, so far
as that controversy was concerned. "I won't
receive an apology; I do not want an apology.
The storm is over. I am satisfied with what I ■
have made, and if the gentleman from Iowa is
satisfied with the laurels he has won, let him
wear them; I am content." Four days pass;
and what then do we find? The gentleman
from Kentucky seeks my colleague on the
eastern portico of this Capitol and there ad-
ministers to him a caning—for what? Why,
sir, as the record shows, for language used in
debateinthisHouse, forwhich the Constitution
which the member from Kentucky swore to sup-
port and maintain, declares no member shall
be questioned elsewhere. Now, it may be that
there is nothing but sunshine on that side of
the case; but 1 want to know from members,
whether they are to be driven or coaxed away
from their duty of maintaining sacredly the
privileges' of this body by any sympathy that
persons may seek to create here in behalf of
the gentleman from Kentucky, who seems to
