1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1933
Mr. JOHNSON. Has tliere been any lim-
itation in the bills we have been passing eon-
fining the pensions to the widowhood of the
pensioners I
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There is that lim-
itation in thebillsgenerally; but it is not appli-
cable to this case. The ease is an exceedingly
meritorious one. This lady nursed through the
whole war without compensation, and her
health was entirely broken down. She has
letters from General Grant, General Sherman,
General Meade, and all the commanding offi-
cers, recommending her as a most estimable
lady of the highest character. The report of
physicians is that she will probably not draw
the pension six months.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MRS. EMERANCE GOULER.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of the
hill (S. No. 260') granting a pension to Mrs.
Emerance Gouler.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. By its provisions the Sec-
retary of the Interior will be directed to place
the name of Mrs. Emerance Gouler. widow of
Charles Gouler, late a private in company F,
ninth New Hampshire volunteers, on the pen-
sion-roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
to commence from the passage of the bill and
to continue during her widowhood.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the report in that case.
The Secretary read the following report,
which was made by Mr. Laxe, of Indiana, on
the 10th instant:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom were referred
the petition and papers of Emerance Gouler, have
had the same under consideration, and report:
It appears from the evidence in this ease that
Charles Gouler, the liusband of the petitioner, was
a private m company I?, ninth regiment, Xt-w Hamp-
shire volunteer?, and was admitted to Satterlee Uni-
ted States general hospital, Pennsylvania, on the
28th of May, 1864, suffering from fever. That on the
8th of October following he received a pass from said
hospital to leave the premises for a few hours, and
that_ no information was afterward received con-
cerning him until November 29, 1S64, when it was
stated by soldiers that he had been drowned. Upon
an investigation by a coroner over the body of a
soldier found in the Delaware river at Pine street
wharf, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, October 14,1864,
he was identified by the pass and other papers found
on the body.
The committee are of opinion that this is a merito-
rious case, and that under the circumstances the
petitioner should receive a pension. They therefore
report abill for her relief.
Mr. JOHNSON. How came he to be
drowned?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. He was in hospital
and received a sick leave to go out a few hours
into the city, and never was heard of any more
until he was found in the Delaware river and
identified by the passes on liis person. Nobody
can tell how he came into the river.
Mr. GRIMES. What was the verdict of the
coroner's jury ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The verdict, of the
coroner's jury identified the body as that of
the soldier who had left the hospital, and gave
his name. Ho was identified by the passes on
hic person.
Mr. .JOHNSON. Ho was not drowned
because lie was a soldier.
Mr. LA \T E, of Indiana. He was not drowned
because he was a soldier, but he had received his
furlough from his commanding officer, in hos-
pital. to go away for a few hours on sick leave.
He was clearly in the service of the country ;
fur we have always regarded men on furlough
as continuing in the service. These are the
lads of the case. The Senate can do with the
")ill just a< they choose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill ought not to
be passed, I think.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. This is a pension
to the widow : wc think the man was drowned
in 1 he line of his duty.
Mr. LESSENDEir. He might have com-
mitted suicide, and in that way deprived the
Government willfully :rhis services.
*_Mr. LANE, of Indiana. He was in the ser-
vice of the country until he was discharged.
While he was on furlough he was in the ser-
vice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He might have got
drunk while on furlough.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That may be true.
These facts can never be explained further than
the report goes. I think it a clear case for a
pension. The committee were unanimous, and
I believe the committee of the House have also
agreed to report a bill in this case.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I believe that by law
where a soldier absent on sick leave or on fur-
lough comes to his death his widow is entitled
to a pension. This case differs from thai. It
was not a case of sick leave or furlough, but it
was a mere permission for a convalescent to
leave the hospital for a few hours. He did so
and did not return. Some eight or ten days
after his body was found floating in the Dela-
ware river. The pass and other papers in his
possession fully identified him as the man.
There were no signs of violence on his body,
and it may have been a ease of accidental
drowning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ Does the Senator from
Indiana insist on pushing the bill ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I think it is right.
I have no interest in pushing it; I do not
know any of the parties; but it struck the com-
mittee as being a fair case. A soldier is in the
service of the country until he is properly dis-
charged. A sick leave or a furlough never
discharges the soldier from the service. This
man came to his death accidentally by drown-
ing, He was a sick soldier and may have
fallen into the water accidentally. We cannot
tell how that was. At all events he was a sol-
dier in the service of his country, and we think
his widow entitled to a pension. His sickness
was in the line of his duty: he had been in the
hospital several days. The manner of his
drowning caii never be proved any more than
it is now.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was
read the third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will
not pass the bill.
The bill was passed.
SARAH E. WILSOX.
Mr. LANE, of. Indiana. I move now to
take up the bill (S. No. 252) granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Sarah E. Wilson.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
read the second time, and considei-ed as in
Committee of the Whole.
It provides for placing the name of Mrs.
Sarah E. Wilson, widow of William II. Wil-
son, late acting surgeon United States volun-
teers, on the pension-roll, at the rate of seven-
teen dollars per month, to commence from
the passage of the bill and to continue during i
her widowhood.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear the
report in that case..
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
Kirkwood on the Cth instant, as follows :
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the application of Sarah K Wilson, have had the ,
same under consideration, and ask leave to submit
the following report:
"William II. Wilson, the husband of tile applicant,
was sergeant of company 1. eighty-second regiment
Now York volunteers: that he was a practicing phy-
sician and surgeon of srood standing in his profession;
that at the battle of Bull Run, July 21,1S61, he was
detailed to act in his professional capacity on the
field; that while so acting he was taken prisoner by )
the enemy; that he remained in the hands of^the i
enemy as a prisoner until the fall of that year, when ;
j he was paroled and returned to his home; that-at
■ the bittie of Antietam, being still unexchanged, 'no ;
I reported to the proper authorities at Washington in :
i h w professional capacity, and was sent to the battle- ;
! field to assist in caring for the wounded; that he dis- ,
' eharscd that duty faithfully and well, and while in I
; the discharge thereof contracted the disease whereof 1
he died March 2:2,1S63. j
The committee report the accompanying bill aud j
recommend its passage. |
The bill was reported to the Senate without ,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third !
reading, read the third time, and passed. i
W. It. TINKER AND J. P. M'ELROY.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move next to
take up the bill (S. No. 76) to grant pensions
to \\ alter H. Tinker and John P. McElroy, of
Missouri.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Committee on
Pensions made an adverse report in the case,
because it is covered by the provisions of the
general law. I move that the bill be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
NICHOLAS IIIBXER.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to take up
the bill (S. No. 44G) for the relief of Nicholas
Hibner, late a private in the sixth regiment
Missouri State militia.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Nicholas Hibner, of Cald-
well county, Missouri, and late a private in the
sixth regiment (cavalry) Missouri State militia,
commanded by Colonel Catherwood, upon the
list of pensioners at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence on the passage of this
act, and to continue during his natural life.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SARAII E. PICKELIj.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to take up
House bill No. 458. granting apension to Siuah
E. Pickell.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That bill was re-
ported adversely, and I move that it be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. GRIMES. T move that when the Senate
adjourn to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. MORIIILL. On that motion I desire to
read a communication upon which I may base
a motion. I have had addressed to me a com-
munication from certain persons who sign them-
selves an executive committee of the colored
Union League in this city. I have been very
much troubled to know what to do with it, but
the Senator's motion offers me an opportunity
to read it to the Senate, and then I propose to
base a motion upon it. It is;
Whereas the 16th of April will be the anniversary
of the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia;
and whereas we. colored citizens of the District are
desirous of commemorating the great triumph of free
and Christian principles over the wicked power of
slavery and treason : Therefore,
llriohed. That we celebrate the said day with
appropriate ceremonies.
Resolved, Teat looking to Congress as the sincere
defenders of tree and Christian principles, and as our
true friends and protector in the trials and dangers
v,it;: which we are surrounded, we respectfully ask
that body to participate m the celebration of the
anniversary of our emancipation.
lleiolved, That a copy of these resolutions be pre-
sented to both branches of Congress.
We leave it to your honorable body to decide in
wh at way aud manner the said day shall be celebrated.
Very respectfully, .T. L. lIICIvilAIv,
Executive Committee of the Colored Lnioa Lravne.
The ltith of April coming on Monday, I
propose to amend the motion of the Senator
from Iowa, so that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next. I
submit that .amendment in order to test the
sense of the Senate on the eommunieun'on
which I have felt it my duty to read to tiie Sen-
ate. I simply bring the communication to [he
consideration of the Senate in this way «it'll a
view to taking the sense of the Senate on tiie
subject. I do not wish to press it unneces-
sarily.
Several SENiTOkS. Do not press that.
Mr. MORlilLL. Yery well; I withdraw
my amendment.,
"The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment being withdrawn the question is on the
motion of the Senator from Iowa, that when
the Senate adjourn to-day it he to meet on
Monday next.
The "motion was agreed to.
