1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be so abundantly able to take care of himself,
and who refuses apologies when tendered.
Why, sir, from the nature of the discussion we
have had it seems that in this country no
man's character is worth anything unless he
has been a military man. You may charge a
man with being a ''liar," a "mere thing," a
".pitiable politician;" you may use all kinds
01 opprobrious epithets toward him; bufc that
is nothing, if he be a civilian; he is nobody.
But when a gentleman like the gentleman from
Kentucky comes in here from the military ser-
vice—and whether he performed his duty well
or ill, I am not going to question—when such
a gentleman comes in here and uses unparlia-
mentary language like that I have read from his
remarks, attacking the character of other mem-
bers of the House; he is to be shielded by that
immunity which his service in the Army throws
about him. Sir, I trust it will be very long
before this House will adopt that doctrine.
Why, sir, the character and reputation of a
civilian are as dear to him as the character and
reputation of a military man are to him; and
when one is attacked it is certainly quite as
much a provocation for a return of the attack
in the body where the attack is made as lan-
guage uttered by another is provocation for the
military gentleman to change his base outside
of this Hall and make his attack there.
Now, sir, I have occupied the attention of the
House longer than T had intended when I sought
the floor; but I desired to present, at least in an
imperfect manner, the side of the case to which
very little attention had been given during this
discussion. I wish, also, before I conclude, to
remind the House of the circumstances attend-
ing this assault. The gentleman from Kentucky
had been thinking over it for four days. It
was a deliberate, malicious assault upon a
member of the House for words spoken on the
floor. It was not only deliberate on the part
of the gentleman himself, but his purpose was
conveyed to at least one other person whom
he invited to be present, and who by some
cunningly devised means managed, without a
formal invitation, to have one other there, both
of them being armed. The second one testifies
that he did not arm himself for the purpose of
taking a part in this difficulty; that he did not
know that the difficulty would occur. But by
some means this man Pennybaker, who was
notified of the assault, procured the attendance
of these other innocent men who did not know
anything about it. It was strange, but it is
true.
Now, of course, these parties were all in-
nocent, and this congregating together of three
or four persons to assault a member of Con-
gress amounts to nothing. I suppose, from the
course this case has taken, that the privileges
of this body amount to nothing, that the in-
dependence of the representative character, the
independence of the legislative body of this
nation amount to nothing if you only have its
privileges infringed upon by some gentleman
who comes here surrounded by military glory
such as is claimed for the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. NIBLACK. I want to call the gentle-
man's attention to a question of construction
which I think is of some importance, about
which I confess my own mind is not fully set-
tled, which has been suggested to me and
which I think had better be presented for
notice in this discussion. In defining the priv-
ileges of members of Congress the Constitu-
tion declares that "for any speech or debate
in either House they shall not be questioned
in any other place." It has been suggested
to me, and I claim no credit for originality in
the matter, that it does not extend to a case
of the sort we are now considering; that an
assault upon a member of the House outside
of the House for what he may say in the House
does not fall within the meaning of these words
of the Constitution ; that these words relate to
legal proceedings elsewhere, to an action for
libel, to an action for slander; that such an
action could not be taken elsewhere for words
spoken in debato. It has been suggested to me
that a collision growing out of words spoken in
debate, outside of the House, does not amount
to such a questioning in another place, and
therefore does not reach to the extent of a
breach of .privilege.
I concede, Mr. Speaker, that when a high
crime is committed you may expel a member;
that you may expel a member for this or for
any other misconduct; but the point I make
is that this does not amount to a breach of
privilege, but is an assault and battery to be
punished by the courts as in other assaults and
batteries.
Mr. SPALDING. I have an authority here
which I should like to read.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Indiana to mean that for words
spoken in debate a man outside of the House
shall not ask him a question but turn to and
flog him.? [Laughter.]
Sir. NIBLACK. My point is this: whether
flogging is a question within the meaning of
the Constitution. I call the gentleman's atten-
tion to the point. I think it is at least worthy
of the consideration of the House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suppose the gen-
tleman is serious because he says he is ; but
that question has been decided time and again.
There is no doubt about it. It would be a
most remarkable thing to say that you cannot
sue a man for slander for what he may say
here, but when you get him out of the House
you may flog him, you may beat him, you may
kill him. There is no ground in this clause for
any such construction. The House may have
all its members beaten for what they may say
in debate until you cannot secure a quorum.
Members may all be confined to their beds un-
der the gentleman's doctrine, by assaults made
upon them, and the House of Representatives
has no power whatever to interfere. As the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has well said,
under this construction you have only to thrash
a member without asking a question and you
are safe, but if you ask a question and then
thrash him you place yourself within the juris-
diction of the House. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. Suppose the provision of
the Constitution referred to declaring that
members shall not be questioned elsewhere
for language spoken in the House had not
been adopted, would then a member be free
to be questioned by assault and battery in any
other place?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That question is
not involved in this case. When it arises I
am prepared to answer. I am not disposed
to discuss issues which cannot properly be
brought into this case.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the member were pro-
tected by the law at that-time, why then was
this inserted into the Constitution for his pro-
tection?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman says cer-
tain things could by no possibility come into
this question. I would like to know under the
ruling of the Chair, what in God's name could
not come in. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa._ I will admit the
question propounded to me is one most difficult
to answer under the ruling in this case, and inas-
much as the resolution for the censure of my
colleague has been reported by the committee
and the Speaker has decided the point against
me, I will take but a moment in again referring
to it. My colleague is arraigned before this
House by a resolution reported from a com-
mittee that gave him no notiec whatever that
it intended to proceed against him in any rnan-
ner for any purpose. They subpenaed him as
a witness, and not until the report was in this
House had he any idea of such a proceeding
as this.
And here I wish to remark that it may De
well for the Speaker to reflect upon before this
question is raised again in some other case.
It was said by the Chair, in ruling upon the
point of order which I made, that the whole
subject was referred to this committee. ^01f)
suppose I grant that; suppose the whole sub-
ject was referred to the committee; what could
the committee do? Why, they could examina
into and report on the case. How? In Ac-
cordance with law, in accordance with, the
rules of the House. Has a committee, because
a subject is referred to it, power to overturn
the law, and to overturn the rules of the
House ?
When this committee was conducting its ex-
amination, it found that my colleague had used
certain language in debate to which the gentle-
man from Kentucky took exception, and there-
upon they said.the language was improper and
a resolution should be reported to censure the
member from Iowa for using it. I deny their
right to do this. They might have recom-
mended the adoption of a new rule for future
application if the present rules were not
thought to be sufficient. But the rule under
which they were acting, just as the courts act
under a statute, said that unless certain things
had taken place on the occasion of the use of
that language, the person using it should not
be censured or be subject to the censure of
the House. And yet, with that rule before
them for a guide—just as much a guide to the
committee as a statute is a guide to a court—
the committee recommend to this House the
passage of a resolution which is a palpable and
direct violation of one of its rules.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman from
Iowa allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. Before thegentleman from
Pennsylvania asks his question, the Chair will
suggest to the gentleman from Iowa that it is
rather late to review and criticise the ruling of
the Speaker. The time for that was when he
made his decision, as his decisions are all sub-
ject to the revisal of the House. But the Chair
will ask the gentleman to permit him to have
read that part of the sixty-first rule relating to
the subject, so that it may go into his speech.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Oh, certainly.
The SPEAKER. That portion of the rule
is as follows:
"And no member shall be held to answer, or be
subject to the eensureof the House, for words spoken
in debate, if any other member has spoken, or other
business has intervened, after the words spoken, and
before exception to them shall have been taken."
Now, exceptions were taken two or three
times to the remarks of the gentleman from
Iowa; and that is all that is required as a pre-
liminary to a vote of censure.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I beg leave to state
to the Chair, that I did not intend this as a
criticism upon the ruling of the Chair; and
the Chair will remark that the paint which I
am now making was not specifically made on
that occasion, because I did not discover the
necessity of the point until after the decision
had been made. I supposed that the other
reasons assigned were sufficient. I am not
presenting this for the purpose now of redis-
cussing the propriety of the decision of the
Chair. I am presenting it, not as a question
of order, but as involving the privileges of my
colleague as a member of this House; and I
am asking the House to protect him in the
enjoyment of his privileges, the report of the
committee to the contrary notwithstanding. I
think this question is so important that a little
discussion of it can do no harm.
As to the first part of the rule, it will be ob-
served that the mischievous semicolon which
figured here the other day does not occur in
any part of the sentence relative to the ex-
cepting to aud taking ddwn of words. That
part of the sentence is divided merely by com-
mas. It reads as follows :
" If a member he called to order for words spoken
in debate, the person calling him to order shall re-
peat the words excepted to, and they shall be taken
down in writing at the Clerk's table.
Now, this constitutes a complete division of
the sentence, that if a member be called to
order for words spoken in debate, the person
calling him to ower shall repeat the words
excepted to, and they shall be taken down iu
writing at the Clerk's desk. For what pur-
pose? Well, the reason for tnat rule was
stated the other day in the ruling of the
