2894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
eonsin proposes to insert would leave it very
uncertain. I suppose that my friend from Illi-
nois agreed to the second section ot this con-
stitutional amendment, and these terms are used
in that section. In apportioning the repre-
sentation, as you propose to do by virtue of the
second section, you exclude from the basis
" Indians not taxed." "What does that mean?
The honorable member from Illinois says that
that is very uncertain. What does it mean?
It means, or would mean if inserted in the first
section, nothing, according to the honorable
member from Illinois. Well, if it means noth-
ing inserted in the first section it means noth-
ing where it is proposed to insertit ill the
second section. But I think my friend from
Illinois will Cud that these words are clearly
understood and have always been understood;
they are now almost technical terms. They
are found, I think, in nearly all the statutes
upon the subject; and if I am not mistaken,
the particular statute upon which my friend
from Illinois so much relied as one necessary
to the peace of the country, the civil rights
bill, has the same provision in it, and that bill
I believe was prepared altogether, or certainly
principally, by my friend from Illinois. I read
now from the civil rights bill as it passed:
" That all persons born in the United States and not
subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians not
taxed, arc hereby declared to be citizens."
What did these words mean? They meant
something; and their meaning as they are
inserted in that act is the same meaning which
will be given to them if they are inserted in the
first section of this constitutional amendment.
But 1 conclude by saying that when we are
trying to settle this, among other questions, for
all time, it is advisable—and if my friend will
permit me to say so, our clear duty—to put every
provision which we adopt in such plain lan-
guage as not to be capable of two interpreta-
tions, if we can. When Senators upon the
floor maintain the opinion that as it now stands
it is capable of an interpretation different from
that which the committee mean, and the amend-
ment proposed gets clear of that interpretation
which the committee do not mean, why should
we not adopt it?
I hope, therefore, that the friends—and I am
tlie fiiend of this provision as far as we have
gone in it—that the friends of this constitutional
amendment will accept the suggestion of the
honorable member from Wisconsin.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mary-
land certajnly perceives a distinction between
the use of the words "excluding Indians not
taxed'' in the second section and in the first.
The second section is confined to the States;
it does not embrace the Indians of the plains
at all. That is a provision in regard to the
apportionment of representation among the
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
did not understand me. I did not say it meant
the same thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sen-
ator, I think, i know he did not say that the
clause in the second section was extended all
over the country, but he did say that the words
"excluding Indians not taxed" were in the
second section, and inasmuch as I had said
that thpse words were of uncertain meaning,
therefore, having gone for the words in the
second section 1 was guilty of a great incon-
sistency. Now, I merely wish to show the
Senator from Maryland that the words in the
second section may have a very clear and def-
inite meaning, when in the first section they
would have a very uncertain meaning, because
they are applied under very different circum-
stances. The second section refers to no per-
sons except those in the States of the Union ;
but the first section refers to persons every-
where, whether in the States or in the Terri-
tories or in the District of Columbia. There-
fore the criticism upon the language that I had
used, it seems to me, is not a just one.
But the Senator wants to insert the words,
"excluding Indians not taxed." Iam not
willing to make citizenship in this country de-
pend on taxation. I am not willing, if the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is, that tlie rich Indian
residing in the State of New York shall be a
citizen and the poor Indian residing in the
State of New York shall not be a citizen. If
you put in those words in regard to citizenship,
what do you do? You make a distinction in
that respect, if you put it on the ground of
taxation. We had a discussion on the civil
rights bill as to the meaning of these words,
"excluding Indians not taxed." The Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Johssox,] I think, on
that occasion gave this definition to the phrase
" excluding Indians not taxed," that it did not
allude to the fact of taxation simply but it
meant to describe a class of persons; that is,
civilized Indians. I was inclined to fall into
that*view. I was inclined to adopt the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Maryland, that the
words " excluding Indians not taxed" did not
mean literally excluding those upon whom a
tax was not assessed and collected, but rather
meant to define a class of persons, meaning
civilized Indians; and I think I gave that an-
swer to the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hex-
i)ricks, ] who was disposed to give it the tech-
nical meaning that " Indians not taxed" meant
simply those upon whom no tax was laid. If
it does mean that, then it would be very objec-
tionable to insert those words here, bccause it
would make of a wealthy Indian a citizen and
would not make a citizen of one not possessed
of wealth under the same circumstances. This
is the uncertainty in regard to the meaning of
those words. The Senator from Maryland and
myself, perhaps, would understand them alike
as embracing all Indians who were not civil-
ized ; and yet, if you insert that language,
"Indians not taxed," other persons may not
understand them that way; and I remember
that the Senator from Indiana was disposed to
understand them differently when we had the
discussion upon the civil rights bill. There-
fore I think it better to avoid these words' and
that the language proposed in this constitu-
tional amendment is better than the language
in the civil rights bill. The object to be arrived
at is the same.
I have already replied to the suggestion as
to the Indians being subject to our jurisdic-
tion. They are not subject to our jurisdiction
in the sense of owing allegiance solely to the
United States; and the Senator from Mary-
land, if he will look into our statutes, will
search in vain for any means of trying these
wild Indians. A person can only be tried for
a criminal offense in pursuance of laws, and
he must be tried in a district which must have
been fixed by law before the crime was com-
mitted. We have had in this country and
have to-day, a large region of country within
the territorial limits of the United States, un-
organized, over which we do not pretend to
exercise any civil or criminal jurisdiction,
where wild tribes of Indians roam at pleasure,
subject to their own laws and regulations, and
we do not pretend to interfere with them.
They would not be embraced by this provision.
For these reasons I think this language is
better than the language employed by the
civil rights bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
Illinois allow me to ask him a question before
he sits down ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to know if, in j
his opinion, it is not a matter of pleasure on
the part, of the Government of the United
States, and especially of Congress, whether
the laws of the United States be extended over
the Indians or not; if it is not a matter to be
decided by Congress alone whether we treat
with the Indians by treaty or govern them In-
direct law ; in other words, whether Congress
has not the power at its pleasure to extend the
laws of the United States over the Indians and ;
to govern them.
Mr. IRUMBULL, I suppose it would have
the same power that it has to extend the laws
of the United States over Mexico and govern
her if in our discretion we thought proper to
extend the laws of the United States over the
republic of Mexico, or the empire of Mexico,
if you please so to call it, and had sufficient
physical power to enforce it. I suppose you
may say in this case we have the power to do
it, but it would be a violation of our treaty
obligation^, a violation of the faith of this na-
tion, to extend our laws over these Indian tribes
with whom we have made treaties saying we
would not do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We could extend it
over Mexico in the same way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I say we could extend
it over Mexico just as well; that is, if we have
the power to do it. Congress might declare
war, or, without declaring war, might extend
its laws, or profess to extend them, over Mex-
ico, and if we had the power we could enforce
that declaration ; but I think it would be a
breach of good faith on our part to extend
the laws of the United States over the Indian
tribes with whom we have these treaty stipula-
tions, and in which treaties we have agreed
that we would not make them subject to the
laws of the United States. There are numer-
ous treaties of that kind.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. _ If the Senator will
permit me, I wish to remind him of a citation
from a decision of the Supreme Court that he
himself made here, I think, when the veto of
the civil rights bill was under discussion; and
if I correctly understood it, as he read it, the
Supreme Court decided that these untaxed
Indians were subjects, and distinguished be-
tween subjects and citizens.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there are decis-
ions that treat them as subjects in some re-
spects. In some sense they are regarded as
within the territorial boundaries of the United
States, but I do not think they are subject to
the jurisdiction of the United States in any
legi timate sense; certainly not in the sense that
the language is used here._ The language seems
to me to be better chosen than it was in the
other bill. There is a difficulty about the
words, "Indians not taxed." Perhaps one of
the reasons why I think so is because of the
persistency with which the Senator from Indi-
ana himself insisted that the phrase :' excluding
Indians not taxed," the very words which the
Senator from Wisconsin wishes to insert here,
would exclude everybody that did not pay a
tax; that that was the meaning of it; we must
take it literally. The Senator from Maryland
did not agree to that, nor did I; but if the Sen-
ator from Indiana was right, it would receive
a construction which I am sure the Senator
from Wisconsin would not be for : for if these
Indians come within our limits and within our
jurisdiction and are civilized, he would just as
soon make a citizen of a poor Indian as of the
rich Indian.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I expected the Senator
from Illinois, being a very able lawyer, at the
head of the Judiciary Committee, to meet the
question that I asked him and to answer it as
a question of law, and not as a question of
military power. I did not ask him the ques-
tion whether the Government of the United
States had the military power to go into the
Indian territory and subjugate the Indians to
the political power of the country; nor had he
aright to understand the question in that sense.
I asked him the question whether, under the
Constitution, under the powers of thi:. Govern-
ment, we may extend our laws over the Indi-
ans and compel obedience, as a mutter of legal
right, from the Indians. If the Indian is bound
to obey the law he is subject to the jurisdiction
of the country; and that is the question I
desired the Senator to meet as a legal ques-
tion, whether the Indian would lie bound to
obey the law which Congress in express terms
extended over him in regard to questions within
the jurisdiction of Congress.
Now, sir, this question has one,.- or twice
been decided by the Attorney Gs'ucrai, so far
as he could decide it. fn 18<>1 he was inquired
of whether the laws of the United Slates regu-
lating the intercourse with the Indian tribes,
by the general legislation in regard to Oregon,
