071
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
view of enemies more remote. Our armament
was required on the instant, as our enemy was
on and even within our threshold.
This unprecedented exigency required that
the nation should look for other and deeper
sourecs of revenue than those to which it had
been accustomed in times of peace ; and it be-
came the duty of Congress and of the Treas-
ury Department to devise and sanction meas-
ures by which the necessary revenue could be
obtained to meet this vast expenditure with
the least hardship to the people and the least
strain upoa the credit of the Government. In
considering these measures it was fully recog-
nized that the end aimed at eould not be at-
tained without sacrifices on the part of the peo-
ple which would entail inconvenience and give
rise to great diversity of opinion. It was the
part of "frisdorn and patriotism and the duty of
every one to submit cheerfully to such sacrifices
as the proposed measures required, instead of
attempting to excite popular clamor so as to
weaken public confidence in the Government,
on which all rely for the safety of their persons
and the security of I heir property. It was the
manifest duty of all loyal persons to support
those measures, unless they could show that
the object of them eould bo effected with less
hardship and inconvenience by other methods
than those proposed.
There was no difficulty in finding men for
an army which numbered a million soldiers in
tho field. The country abounded with every-
thing necessary for their equipment and sub-
sistence. Never in authentic history has such
an aggregation of men, of supplies, and of
transportation been required and provided.
Tho problem forced upon tho consideration of
Congress was how to pay this armed force,
with their equipment and maintenance and
transportation.
There were but two methods by which this
eould be equitably and efficiently accomplished.
One was by taxation ; that is, by eallingon every
member of the community to furnish at once
his just proportion of the amount required for
such expenditures. This every one will now
admit would have been so onerous as to be im-
practicable. Tho other method was to provide
tluMmmey by loans ; that is, by using the obli-
gations of the Government to pay at some future
time, with such rate of interest as may be agreed
upon; thereby easting upon those who come
after us a portion of the. burden of a debt in-
curred in securing results of which they, even
more than we, will receive the benefit.
The loyal people throughontthe country were
everywhere ready to be taxed to an cxtontsulli-
cieut to secure tile prompt payment of the in-
terest on the loans and to provide for the pay-
ment of the principal within a reasonable term
of yours. It was a readiness founded on intel-
ligence. Unaccustomed as tho country then
was to raise such large amounts of money by
taxation, it was impossible to devise means by
which the enormous expenditures required
could lie met. in that method; and if possible
it would not have been expedient. Congress
accordingly adopted the ot.liei* and the only
measure which was possible. The necessary
laws were enacted, as required from time to
time, to provide by loans for the equipment,
subsistence, transportation, and pay of the
Army and Navy; and laxes were provided that
secured the prompt payment of interest, and
for the principal of the loans within a reason-
able terms o!" years.
According to the estimates of tho Treasury
Department, and the actual results of the first
half of the present fiscal year, the revenue of
the Government from the existing system of
taxation, and from other sources, will not be
less than $(>00,000,000 ; while the annual ex-
penditures for the. fiscal j-car ending the 80th
June, 1807, including the interest on the public
debt, is 8:284,817,181 88. It is apparent, there-
fore, that the present rates of taxation will,
under any circumstances, yield an amount of
revenue much in excess of what is necessary to
secure the amount required for the ordinary
expenses of the G-overnment, the interest on
the public debt, and a reasonable appropriation
for its extinguishment within the lifetime of
many of those who now bear the burdens of
this taxation.
Congress having determined that the means
to carry on the war should be raised by loans,
authorized the issue of bonds for the amounts
required, bearing interest at an annual rate not
exceeding six per cent., payable half yearly.
There would have been no difficulty in rely-
ing upon these bonds alone for adequate means
to carry on the war until the rebellion was sub-
dued, if the creditors of the Government, in-
eluding those who contracted to furnish the
necessary supplies, had been the parties who
eould hold the bonds they received in payment
from the Government. But unfortunately these
parties had generally incurred large debts to
enable them to fulfill their engagements to the
Government, which they were obliged to pay.
They were often put to great inconvenience,
and the credit of the Government was often
greatly impaired by the frequent, though un-
avoidable, delay of tho Treasury Department
in making payment.
To obviate this difficulty the Secretary of the
Treasury was authorized by Congress to issue
and pay to the creditors of the Government
" United States notes" not bearing interest, but
which were made a legal tender for all debts,
public or private, except for interest on tho
public debt and for duties at the custom-house
on foreign importations. It was believed that
in the usual course of trade these notes, thus
paid to the creditors of the Government, would
be by them transferred to their creditors, and
pass from one to another' in payments, until
they cAme into possession of banks and cap-
italists ; and that any excess of them which
could not be used with profit in the usual chan-
nels of trade would be returned into the Treas-
ury in payment of the interest-bearing bonds.
After the suspension of specie payments by
the banks throughout the country near the close
of the year 1801, the question presented itself
whether the Government should use the irre-
deemable notes of the suspended State banks,
thereby, in violation of law, sanctioning their
use as money, and encouraging their issue to
an unlimited extent, or should avail itself of its
own credit to furnish a currency, secured by
n pledge of tho public faith, to meet the wants
of tho community and facilitate the payments
for t ho enormous demands which the war im-
posed. By tho suspension of specie payments
tho irredeemable notes of the banks became
the only medium in circulation as money for tho
payment of debts. While those notes were re-
deemable in coin they possessed a standard of
value, but they had no standard of value after
tho suspension of specie payments. If the Gov-
ernment had received those notes in payment
for taxes and for loans, they could not have
discriminated between the different banks by
arbitrarily rejecting tho notes of one as bad
and accepting the notes of others as good, but
would have been obliged to receive and pay the
notes of any and every banking association in
the country. No one now, who considers the
amount of money that was required, and the
condition the country would be in at this time,
if this large amount, of money had been fur-
nished in the notes of the State banks depend-
ing for their security solely on the solvency of
those banks—a solvency impossible to be tested
so long as the suspension of specie payments
continued—can doubt that Congress rightly
decided in authorizing the issue of the legal-
tender notes, secured by the pledge of the
national faith.
The emergencies of tho war rendered itneces-
sary for the national Government to avail itself
of all its resources to meet the demands of the
public service. The friends of the Government
claimed for it the right to furnish the paper
money for the currency of the country as a
fruitful source from which the pressing needs
of the Treasury eould be supplied. It was just
and right t,o demand it for the common benefit
and the common welfare; and no one who con-
sidered the claims of the public scrvice to be
superior to the claims o.f private interest could
urge any sound argument or reason against
complying with this demand. Most of those
who opposed this measure talked about a cur-
rency of coin, which they know was imprac-
ticable ; and they presented, as objections to
the issue of the Government notes, quotations
from the different writers on finance in favor of
a currency of coin, as if the problem to be
solved was what constituted the soundest and
best money for a commercial country, when
the real question was in regard to tfiebest mode
of meeting a great and pressing emergency
which suddenly arose and endangered the very
existence of the nation. Tholegal-tcnder money
was authorized as a temporary measure, forced
upon the Government by the exigencies of the
war.
The losses and the inconvenience caused by
the depreciation of the money of the country,
in consequence of the addition of the legal-
tender notes to the circulation, were certainly
greater than was expected by those who ini-
tiated and advocated tho measure; partly be-
cause the war assumed a greater magnitude
and a longer duration than was then expccted.
Great as the depreciation was at one period, if
the price of gold maybe considered an indica-
tion of its extent, there is every reason to sup-
pose it would have been far greater if the irre-
deemable notes of the State banks had been'
used by the Government instead of the legal-
tender notes. Many believe that it was only
the pledge of the national credit and the faith
of the loyal people in the power and stability
of tho Government which prevented so large
an amount of paper money being repudiated
and becoming worthless. Nothing short of an
absolute necessity, such as the war of the rebel-
lion created, would warrant any Government'
in subjecting the people to the evils and dan-
gers inherent in an irredeemable paper cur-
rency.
In consequence of the depreciation of the
currency, as indicated by the rise in the price
of gold and silver, the coin of the smaller as-
well as of the larger denominations ceased to
circulate as money; and to meet that evil it
became necessary to authorize the issue of the
"fractional currency," so called, to represent
the fractions of the paper legal-tender dollars.
As the war progressed and demands against
tho Government accumulated, it was deemed
requisite to provide other forms of obligations,
in addition to those before mentioned, to obtain-
money and facilitate the payment of those de-
mands. The issue of Treasury notes was there-
fore authorized, payable in three years, with
interest semi-annually, in current money, at the
rate of seven and throe tenths per cent, per an-
num, convertible at the option of the holder,
when due, into six per cent, bonds of the class
known as "five-twenties," the principal and
interest of which are payable in coin.
Another form of Treasury notes was also-
authorized, bearing interest at the rate of six
per cent., to bo compounded and paid with
tho principal in three years from their date.
I hese notes, for their face value, (not including
the accrued interest,) were made a legal tender
in payment of all debts, except interest on Gov-
ernment bonds, import duties, and redemption
of notes issued by banks for circulation ; and-
tliey were paid as money from the Treasury to
the creditors of the Government. Authority'
was also given for " certificates of indebted--
ness to be issued to creditors of the G-overn-
ment, payable in one year, with interest at the
rate of six per cent.; being in effect similar
vii Vj' a\e 'fnown in England as " Exchequer
bills. Another form of certificates was also
authorized for "deposits of temporary loans,"
payable with interest, either on demand, or In'
ten days from demand, after thirty days from
the date of deposit.
Upon these different forms of obligations
all the money, beyond what the revenues fur-f
mshed, has been provided for tho payment -*
