1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2895
had been extended to Oregon ; and he gave it
as bis opinion that jiio laws had been extended
to Oregon, and regulated the intercourse be-
tween the white people and the Indians there.
Subsequently, the Attorney General was asked
whether Indians were citizens of the United
States in such sense as that they could become
the owners of the public lands where the right
to acquire them was limited to citizens; and in
the course of that opinion he says that the
Indian is not a citizen of the United States by
virtue of his birth, but that he is a subject,
lie says:
" The simple truth is plain that the Indians are the
subjects of the United States, and therefore are not,
in mere light of home-birth, citizens of the United
States. The two conditions are incompatible. The
moment it comes to be seen that the Indians are do-
mestic subjects of this Government, that moment it
is clear to the perception that they are not the sov-
ereign constituent ingredients of the Government.
This distinction between citizens proper, that is, the
constituent members of the political sovereignty, and
subjects of that sovereignty, who are not therefore
citizens, isrecognized in the best authorities of public
law."
He then cites some authorities. Again, he
says:
"Not being citizens of the United States by mere I
birth, can they become so by naturalization ? Un- j
doubtedly. |
"Buttheycannotheeomo,citizens bynaturalization ;
under existing general acts of Congress. (2 Kent's
Commentaries, page 72.)
"Those acts apply only to foreigners, subjects of
another allegiance. The Indians are not foreigners,
and they are in our allegiance without being citizens
of the United States."
Mr. JOHNSON. "Whose opinion is that?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the opinion of
Mr. Gushing, given on the 5th of July, 1856.
I did not intend to discuss this question, but I
will make one further reply to the Senator from
Illinois. When the civil rights bill was under
consideration I was of the opinion that the
term "not taxed'" meant not taxed; and when
words are plain in the law I take them in their
natural sense. When there is no ambiguity
the law says there shall be no construction:
and when you say a man is not taxed I pre-
sume it means that he is not taxed. I do not
know any words that express the meaning more
clearly than the words themselves, and there-
fore I cannot express the meaning in any more
apt words than the words used by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, "Indians not taxed."
When I said that that was making citizenship
to rest upon property I recollect, or I think I
do, the indignant terms in which the Senator
from Illinois then replied, conveying the idea
that it was a demagogical argument, in this
body to speak of a subject like that; and yet
to-day he says to the Senator from Wisconsin
that it is not a statesmanlike proposition. He
makes the same point upon the Senator from
Wisconsin which he undertook to make upon
me on the civil rights bill.
If it is the pleasure of Congress to make the
wild Indians of the desert citizens, and then if j
three fourths of the States agree to it, I pre-
sume we will get along the best way we can ;
and what shall then be the relations between
these people and the United States will be for
us and for our descendants to work out. They
are not now citizens ; they are subjects. For
safety, as a matter of policy we regulate our
intercourse with them to a large extent by
treaties, so as that they shall assent to the
regulations that govern them. That is a mat-
ter of policy, but we need not treat with an
Indian. We can make him obey our laws,
and being liable to such obedience lie is sub-
ject to the jurisdiction of the United States,
i did not intend to discuss this question, but I
got into it by the inquiry I made of the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. IIOW ARD. I hope, sir, that this amend-
ment will not be adopted. I regard the lan-
guage of the section as sufficiently certain and
definite. 11' amended according to the sug-
gestion of the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin it will read as follows:
All persons born in tile United States, snd subject
to the jurisdiction thereof! excluding Indians not
taxed, are citizens of the United States, and of the
State wherein they reside.
Suppose we adopt the amendment as sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin, in what condition will it leave us as to the
Tndian tribes wherever they are found? Ac-
cording to the ideas of the honorable Senator,
as I understand them, this consequence would
follow: all that would remain to be done on
the part of any State would be to impose a tax
upon the Indians, whether in their tribal con-
dition or otherwise, in order to make them cit-
izens of the United States. Does the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin contemplate that?
Does he propose to leave this amendment in
such a condition that the State of Wisconsin,
which he so ably represents here, will have the
right to impose taxes upon the Indian tribes
within her limits, and thus make of these In-
dians constituting the tribes, no matter How
numerous, citizens of the. United States and
of the State of Wisconsin? That would be the
direct effect of his amendment if it should be
adopted. It would, in short, be a naturaliza-
tion, whenever the States saw fit to impose a
tax upon the Indians, 6f the whole Indian race
within the limits of the States.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will permit me
to suggest a case. Suppose the State of Kan-
sas, for instance, should tax her Indians for
five years, they would bo citizens.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly.
Mr. CLARK. But if she refuse to tax them
for the next ten years how would they be then?
Would they be citizens or not?
Mr. HOWARD. I take it for granted that
when a man becomes a citizen of the United
States under the Constitution he cannot cease
to be a citizen, except by expatriation or the
commission of some crime by which his citi-
zenship shall be forfeited.
Mr. CLARK. If it depends upon taxation.
Mr. HOWARD. The continuance of the
quality of citizenship would not. I think, depend
upon the continuance of taxation.
Mr. CLARK. But still he would be an
" Indian not taxed."
Mr. HOWARD. He has been taxed once.
Mr. CLARK. The point I wish to bring the
Senator to is this : would not the admission of
a provision of that kind make a sort of shifting
use of the Indians?
Mr. HOWARD. It might, depending upon
the construction which would happen to be
given by the courts to the language of the Con-
stitution. The great objection, therefore, to the
amendment is, that it is an actual naturaliza-
tion, whenever the State sees fit to enact a
naturalization law in reference to the Indians
in the shape of the imposition of a tax, of the
whole Indian population within their limits.
There is no evading this consequence, but still
I cannot impute to the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin a purpose like that. I think lie has
misapprehended the effect of the language
which he suggests. 1 think the language as it
stands is sufficiently certain and exact. It is
that ''all persons born in the United States,
and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are cit-
izens of the United States and of the Slate
wherein they reside.''
I concur entirely with the honorable Senator
from Illinois, in holding that the word ''juris-
diction,'' as here employed, ought to be con-
strued so as to imply a full and complete
jurisdiction on the part of the United States,
coextensive in all respects with the constitu-
tional power of the United States, whether
exercised by Congress, by the executive, or
by the judicial department; that is to say,
the same jurisdiction in extent and quality as
applies to every citizen of the United States
now. Certainly, gentlemen cannot contend
that an Indian belonging to a tribe, although
bom within the limits of a State, is subject to
this full and complete jurisdiction. That ques-
tion has long since been adjudicated, so far
as the usage of the Government is concerned.
The Government of the United States have
always regarded and treated the Indian tribes 1
within our limits as foreign Powers, so far as
the treaty-making power is concerned, and so
far especially as the commercial power is con-
cerned, for in the very Constitution itself there
is a provision that Congress shall have power
to regulate commerce, not only with foreign
nations and among the States, but also with the
Indian tribes. That clause, in my judgment,
presents a full and complete recognition of the
national character of the Indian tribes, the
same character in which they have been recog-
nized ever since the discovery of the continent
and its occupation by civilized men; the same
light in which the Indians were viewed and
treated by Great Britain from the earliest com-
mencement of the settlement of the continent.
They have always been regarded, even in our
ante-revolutionary history, as being independ-
ent nations, with whom the other nations of
the earth have held treaties, and in no case, I
believe, lias either the Government of Great
Britain or of the United States recognized the
right of an individual Indian to transfer or
convey lands. Why? If he was a citizen, in
other words, if he was not a subject of a foreign
Power, if he did not belong to a tribe whose
common law is that land as well as almost
every other description of property shall be
held in common among the members of the
tribe, subject to a- chief, why is it that the
reservation has been imposed and always ob-
served upon the act of conveyance on the part
of the Indian?
A passage has been read from an opinion
given by Mr. Attorney General Cushing on
this subject, in which, it seems to me, he takes
great liberties with the Constitution in speak-
ing of the Indian as being a subject of the
United States. Certainly 1 do not so hold ; I
cannot so hold, because it has been the habit
of the Government from the beginning to treat
with the Indian tribes as sovereign Powers.
The Indians are our wards. Such is the lan-
guage of the courts. They have a national
independence. They have an absolute right
to the occupancy of the soil upon which they
reside ; and the only ground of claim which
the United States has ever put forth to the
proprietorship of the soil of an Indian terri-
tory is simply the right of preemption ; that is,
the right of the United States to be the first
purchaser from the Indian tribes. We have
always recognized in an Indian tribe the same
sovereignty over the soil which it occupied as
we recognize in a foreign nation of a power in
itself over its national domains. They sell the
lands to us by treaty, and they sell the lands
as the sovereign Power owning, holding, and
occupying the lands.
But it is useless, it seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, to enlarge further upon the question of
the real political power of Indians or of Indian
tribes. Our legislation has always recognized
them as sovereign Powers. The Indian who
is still connected by his tribal relation with the
government of his tribe is subject for crimes
committed against the laws or usages of the
tribe to the tribe itself, and not to any foreign
or other tribunal. I believe that has been the
uniform course of decision on that subject.
The United States courts have no power to
punish an Indian who is connected with a tribe
for a crime committed by him upon another
member of the same tribe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Within the territory.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir. Why? Because
the jurisdiction of the nation intervenes and
ousts what would otherwise be perhaps aright
of jurisdiction of the United States. But the
great objection to the amendment to the amend-
ment is that it is an unconscious attempt on the
part of my friend from Wisconsin to natural-
ize all the Indians within the limits of the Uni-
ted States. I do not agree t(J that. I am not
quite so liberal in my views. I am not yet
prepared to pass a sweeping act of naturaliza-
tion by which all the Indian savages, wild or
tame,"belonging to a tribal relation, are to
become ray fellow-citizens and go to the polls
and vote with me and hold lands and deal in
every other way that a citizen of the United
States has a right to do.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Michigan declares his purpose to be
