1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1935
of Representatives', from which it appeared
that during Surgeon York's service, on the 28th
of March, 1864, he was shot? and killed at
Charlestown, Coles county, Illinois, by disloyal
citizens of that vicinity, he being at the time
on a journey from his home to rejoin his regi-
ment, he being in no respect in fault, but his
death being caused by a wanton and unpro-
voked attack upon him and other soldiers by
rebel citizens in that locality.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
betsey nasii.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
bill (H. I£. No. 44.5) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Betsey Nash, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to extend the provisions
of the act of Congress, approved March 3,
18.17, for the relief of Betsey Nash, to her
legal representatives, and the amount appropri-
ated by that act is directed to be paid to them;
but the sum paid by virtue of this act is not to
exceed the amount due Betsey Nash at the
time of her death.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that there
have been adverse reports in this case.
Mr. LA.NE, of Indiana. The bill comes
from the House of Representatives; I do not
know that it has ever been in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that it
has been reported on adversely heretofore.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not see any reason why
the pension should be extended to the legal
representatives.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If there is any
objection to the bill I am willing to let it lie
over.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better
lie over.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The committee
thought that the report made in the House of
Representatives was satisfactory.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It does not appear
that there has been any adverse report.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the
bill be postponed for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
thomas iiurly.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to take up
the bill (H. R. No. 25) for the relief of Thomas
Hurly.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary of the Interior is directed by
the bill to place the name of Thomas Hurly,
late a private of company K, eighth Tennessee
cavalry, upon the pension-rolls, at the rate of
twenty dollars per month, from and after the
passage of this act, and to continue during his
natural life.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the report of the House
Committee on Invalid Pensions, by which it
appeared that Thomas Hurly while in the line
of his duty was taken prisoner by the enemy
at Bull's Gap, East Tennessee, was paroled
and sent to Camp Chase, Ohio, from which
place a furlough of thirty days was granted
him to visit his home at Binghamton, New
York. He was very weak and feeble from
starvation and confinement at Danville prison.
While on the Cleveland and Erie railroad
being unable to obtain a seat he felt faint and
went upon the platform of the car to get some
fresh air, when feeling still faint and attempt-
ing to sit down he fell from the platform and
was run over by the cars, in consequence of
which accident Jiis legswere amputated, March
7. 18(50, and he was mustered out of service
July 17, ISC)-). The committee deem his case
iin eminently just one, and report a bill for liis
lelief.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not make any
opposition to the bill; I do not wish to do so ;
but. 1 have always understood that the rule was
imperative not to grant pensions to soldiers or
officers who met with an accident while away
on a visit. I know of a case in my own State
where an officer, and a very meritorious one,
had leave of absence to go to New Orleans, and
on the way he was drowned ; the vessel was
blown up or burst her boilers or something of
that kind; and apension was denied I suppose
that must be the general rule, and for that rea-
son this special bill is introduced.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If this is'to be passed,
I suppose there will be a great many other
cases of a similar description. I know that was
a very severe case because the man left a family.
Mr. LANE, oflndiana. We have a bill which
the Senator from West Virginia will call up in
a few minutes to apply to all cases of a fur-
lough, so that we shall have no more special
legislation on this subject, but a general law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not let this case
and all others of this description come under
that general law ?
Mr. LANE, oflndiana. This bill has already
passed the House of Representatives and will
go into operation sooner.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ann sheehey.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. E. No. 461)
granting a pension to Ann Sheehey.
By the bill the Secretary of the Interior is
directed to place the name of Ann Sheehey,
of Boston, Massachusetts, on the roll of invalid
pensions, and pay or cause to be paid to her
the sum of eight dollars per month during her
widowhood; and the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury are directed to settle and adjust
the accounts of J ohn Sheehey, late a private in
company D, twenty-eighth Massachusetts vol-
unteers, and pay to Ann Sheehey the amount
that may be found to have been due him on the
3d day of July, 1863, the date of his death.
The Secretary read the report of the House
Committee on Invalid Pensions, from which it
appears that Ann Sheehey is the step-mother
of John Sheehey, late aprivate of company D,
twenty-eighth Massachusetts volunteers. Ann
married the father of John in 1850, at which
time John was but six years of age, when she
took charge of him and discharged all the
duties to him of a mother. In 1857 the father
of John died, leaving him entirely dependent
on his step-mother for support. On the 22d
of November, 1861, he enlisted in the twenty-
eighth Massachusetts volunteers, and about
this time the step-mother and all the family
became dependent on the son. On July 3,
186.3, he was killed while in the line of duty
at the battle of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania,
leaving no relative in this country. The com-
mittee believe that the duties performed by
Ann Sheehey of a mother come within the rea-
son of the law granting pensions to mothers
dependent upon sons killed in service, and
therefore recommend the passage of the bill.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. I ask if the committee
design to extend all these cases to the step-
mother. Has that been usual?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It has never been
done before; it is a departure from the rule;
but the circumstances appeared so peculiar that
we thought it an appropriate ease.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are a great many
other peculiar circumstances.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. She took this boy
when he was six years old and raised and sup-
ported him until he got large enough to go into
the Army. He went into the Army and was
killed. Before his entering the Army her health
failed entirely, and he supported her up to the
time he entered the service. Ho was killed in
the service: and although she is a step-mother
I do not see why the law should not be made
to apply to her. She performed all the duties
ij of a mother for some fifteen years in raising
11 him. The papers show him to have been a
|| good young man: he supported her when her
health failed until he was killed, and the sim-
ple question is, whether we shall put a step-
mother on the same footing that his real mother
would have been put. His real mother would
havebeen embraced, but the step-mother is not,
in the present law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want to reject
one of these cases, but this is extending the
principle very far, and the argument wouid
apply just as strongly in case this woman had
been an aunt or even a person not connected
by blood or marriage. We have neverextended
pensions so far as this and I am disinclined to
enter on this principle.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the bill had
better be passed over and settled in a full Sen-
ate. We can settle it better then than now, at
any rate.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the
bill be laid aside for the present. It does intro-
duce a new principle, no doubt.
The motion was agreed to.
mrs. anna g. gaston.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the
bill (S. No. 281) for the relief of Mrs. Anna
G. Gaston was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place upon the p^psion-roll the name of Mrs.
Anna G. Gaston, of the city of Washington,
widow of Albert G. Gaston, deceased, late a
lieutenant in the sixteenth regiment of Vir-
ginia volunteers, from the date of the discharge
of her husband from the military service of the
United States on account of disability arising
from disease contracted in the service until the
date of his death, namely, from the 5th of May,
18G3, to the 7th of February, 1865, and to cause
to be paid to her a pension at the rate of seven-
teen dollars per month *for that term, without
prejudice to the pension heretofore allowed her
by the Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. GRIMES. Let the report be read.
The Secretary read the following report,
made by Mr. Van Winkle, from the Commit-
tee on Pensions, on the 11th of April:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Mrs Anna G. Gaston, of the city of
Washington, District of' Columbia, widow of Albert
(t. Gaston, late a lieutenant in the sixteenth regi-
ment of Virginia volunteers, respectfully report:
That the petitioner has been placed upon the pen-
sion-roll, and has drawn and is still drawing a pen-
sion of seventeen dollars per month since the 7th day
of February, m the year 1S65, but that her husband
was honorably discharged on the 5th day of May,
1S63, for disability arising from severe disease con-
tracted in the service and in the line of duty, and the
petitioner prays that she may be allowed a pension
at the above rate from the time of her husband's dis-
charge until his death. The tenth section of the
supplementary pension act of 1864 provides, in sub-
stance, that if any person entitled to an invalid pen-
sion under the act of 1862 shall die while his applica-
tion for such pension is pending, leaving a widow
entitled to receive a pension by reason of his service
and death, the pension to such widow shall com-
mence from the date atwhich the decedent's invalid
pension would have commenced had he survived.
It appears irona the testimony filed with the peti-
tion that the decedent, from the time of his discharge
until his death, remained at his home in this city in
a low and almost helpless state, but that he never-
theless initiated measures to obtain his pension by
theemploymentofan agent to prepare the necessary
papers and bring them to him for his signature, and
as he was growing worse from day today, manifested
great solicitude and anxiety on the subject. The
papers were not prepared by the agent, and conse-
quently no application for his pension was made by
the decedent.
The committee, believing that this case is clearly
within the spirit, if not the letter, of the paid tenth
section of the act of 1S04, inasmuch as the deccdont's
preparations to make his application were in prog-
ress at the time of his death, and lie unable, from the
rapid progress oi his disease, to give the matter his
: personal supeiintendence, or otherwise hasten it,
respectfully recommend the passage of the accompa-
! nying bill.
i Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senaior
; from Indiana had better consent to lay that biii
Si aside. It also establishes a new rule entirely,
ij Mr. VAN WINKLE. During my conneo-
tion with the Pension Committee there have
> i certainly been all the time cases where a party
li has been deprived of a pension simply by some
I: technicality, or because as in this case for some
!' reason he was not just in time. This man was
]; in the service and contracted a disease from
