1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS;
tlie vast expenditures of the Government dur-
ing the war.
The extraordinary demands upon the Treas-
ury growing out of the war have now been so
far paid that the ordinary revenues, from tax-,
ation and otherwise, will probably be sufficient
hereafter to meet all the just demands against
the Government; and therefore it is unneces-
sary to provide for any more loans.
It may be well to recapitulate the statement
of the different forms of obligations which now
represent the debt of the country; and also
to state the amount of debt existing in each of
those forms on the 1st January, 1866 :
Bonds, the principal and interest payable in
gold $1,120,786,700 00
Legal-tender Government notes, in-
cluding the fractional currency, not
bearing interest  452,231,810 37
Seven and three■ tenths Treasury
notes payable in three years, and
convertible at maturity into six
per cent, bonds  830,000,000 00
Le^al- tender compound-interest
Treasury notes, bearing interest
payable with the principal three
years from date  188,549,041 00
Certificates of indebtedness, payable
one year from date, with interest .. 50,667,000 00
Certificates for deposit of temporary
loans, payable with interest on de-
mand or in ten days from demand,
alter thirty days  97,257.194 50
Amount of the war debt  2,749,491,715 87
Adding other Government debts  50,530,472 12
Total debt January 1,1866 $2,800,022,217 99
At the same time there was in the Treasury in
coin     _.  $45,735,550 69
Less gold certificates of deposit  7,288,110 00
Add, in currency.
38,447,410 69
41,903,271 11
Total amount to the credit of the
United States in the Treasury  §83,440,681 !
During the fouryears of war $2,749,491,745 87
has been provided by loans, and a system of
taxation was established increasing the annual
revenue of the country, which never amounted
to $75,000,000 before the war, to at least
§000,000,000. All this has been done without
any serious derangement thus far of the trade
of the country or any serious inconvenience to
the people.
I venture to assert that nothing can be found
in history to compare with this. Never before,
within the same space of time, has so large an
amount of money been raised by loans, or so
efficient and productive a system of taxation
been established. Daring the administration
of Mr. Chase, as Secretary of the Treasury, and
by the agency of Messrs. Jay Cooke & Co., the
first popular loan was effected, consisting of
S-300,000,000 of the five-twenty bonds. This
was followed with even greater success after-
ward, through the same agency, under the ad-
ministrations of Mr. Pessenden and Mr. Mc-
Culloch, by disposing of 8830.000,000 of the
seven-thirty Treasury notes. The measures by
which this has been accomplished were insti-
tuted while Mr. Chase was Secretary of the
Treasury, and no essential change of those
measures was made by either of the distin-
guished gentlemen who succeeded him in the
Treasury Department. There were other agents,
however, than those before referred to who
rendered powerful aid in negotiating these
loans. Our generals, with the brave armies
under their command, did more to inspire pub-
lic confidence and establish the credit of the
Government than all the other agents who
were employed to dispose of the loans.
Whatever differences of opinion may exist
in regard to what has been done, no one can
doubt now, the war being ended and the Gov-
ernment having caased to be a borrower of
money, that the important question to be con-
sidered is, how to restore the currency to a
sound and stable condition at the earliest prac-
ticable time with the least possible disturbance
of the value of property and of the substan-
tial interests of the industry of the country.
A sound and stable currency is equally impor-
tant to the whole community, and the interests
of labor demand it. .It is essential that every
one should know what value is represented by
the money they receive, and that its value will
not fluctuate nor be regulated according to the
action of speculators in gold or merchandise.
The people have a right to claim that the money
they are obliged to use should have an intrin-
sic and, as far as possible, a permanent value.
Gold and silver are the standard representa-
tives of value throughout the civilized world.
Do what we may, and issue what we please as
money, its value will be regulated by the stand-
ard of gold and silver. When we say that
gold is at forty per cent, premium, it is only
another form for stating that the paper dollar is
but little more than seventy-one and one third
cents in gold or silver.
If the " United States notes" are to consti-
tute the only money of the country, and their
amount be increased to §1,000,000,000, as has
been proposed, the value of that dollar would
mainly be regulated by the standard of coined
money in the commerce of the world; and at the
same time the value of such a currency would
be constantly fluctuating. Eecklessspeculations
have of late been more often based upon the abil-
ity to produce those fluctuations, than upon the
usual but unavoidable incidents which influence
the rise and fall of the prices of property under
any system of money. When, in consequence
of the suspension of specie payments, the irre-
deemable notes of the banks became the only
medium of circulation for the payment of debts,
the standard of value was given up. Since then
the money of the conntry has been constantly
fluctuating, and in all the great, cities, and more
particularly in the city of New York, great num-
bers of people have made it their only business
to operate on the hopes and fears of the public
to produce a rise or fall in the price of the paper
money as compared with coin.
Another proposition has been put forth, which
I am told originated among certain Jews in the
city of New York, to debase the coinage of the
country—a practice often resorted to in former
ages by European monarchsto defraud the com-
munity. The proposition would have attracted
little attention had it not been that the oppo-
nents of the Government indorse it, and through
the agency and with the sanction of a minority
report from a board of commissioners created
by the last Congress, have presented to the pub-
lic a specious argument in its favor.
The only honest and practical way in which
the paper money of the country eau be restored
to a sound condition, and made equal in value
to the money of other countries with which we
are connected by commerce, is by a gradual
reduction of its amount until what remains
shall circulate as the equivalent of coin and can
be converted into coin at^the option of any
holder. As soon as the "contraction of the
amount of " legal-tender notesis commenced
in earnest, and no other paper money allowed
to be substituted for it, the premium on gold
will declinc and foreign exchanges will be in
our favor. If the public understand and believe
that the contraction is to be continued until the
paper money remaining in circulation, whether
issued by the Government or by the banks, is
at par with coin, the export of specie will cease,
the product of our gold and silver mines will
be retained in the country, and gold will be
imported from Europe.
Whenever the paper money is at par with
coin, both will then circulate together again
and constitute the money of the country. The
banks can then resume specie payments. The
gold which has accumulated in the Tieasurv
may then aid in the resumption; the coin paid
for the interest on the public debt will no longer
be hoarded by those who receive it, but be de-
posited in the banks, as in former times; and
the excess of gold which has accumulated,
beyond what is required for payment of interest,
may bo paid to the banks for the certificates of
temporary deposits in the Treasury, which the
banks of'the large cities now hold and use to
make their daily settlements at the clearing-
house. With coin substituted for those certifi-
cates, and so long as the banks continue to hold
the same , amount in . coin as they ^w.hold, i 
those certificates, there seems to Jie no good
reason why it may not be as easy,to settle .theii
balances in coin as it is now to settle theoi with
the certificates. "
In former years, before~T,he suspension"*)!
specie payments, the banks in the city,'of,New
York rarely held $20,000,000 in , com. ,.141
average amount of specie ,in all, the bmifes of
the United States for five years prior,to the sus-
pension of specie payments in 1861 was aboa|
eighty million dollars; and preyious ,to .that
period .it was usually less than sixty millions.
Now there are nearly seyenty millions of cpin
in the sub-Treasury and in the national bank|_;
and whenever it is determined to resume specie
payments this amount of coin will be largely
increased from the hoards now held by indi*.
viduals all over the country. . ;
I do not wish to be understood as advocating
an immediate resumption of specie payments^
Even if I thought it practicable I .should not
deem it at once advisable. Time must be taken
to prepare for it; but the preparatory steps caii
and should be commenced now. The pe.opl^
should understand that in th^, opinion of Con-
gress the policy should be adopted of reducing
gradually the amount of paper money until its
value is restored and made equal to that of coin.
The length of time which may be required to
accomplish this is dependent on circumstances
that Congress can neither foresee or determine.
But it seems to me the duty of this Congress to
adopt somepolicy which will indicate their intern,
tion, and bring about resumption atthe earliest
period in which it can be accomplished without
affecting injuriously the great interests of the
labor and capital of the country.
The first step in that direction, in my opin-
ion. should be to exchange the interest-bearing
legal-tender notes for long bonds, and at the
same time to reduce the rate of interest on tem-
porary loans to at least four or five per cent.
This reduction of the rate of interest on tem-
porary loans would enhance the .value of cer-
tificates of indebtedness, which bear six per
cent, interest; and, being paj'able at a period
fixed by the Treasury Department, they are a
more convenient form ofloan, while at the same
time they provide a mode of anticipating the
revenue at times when it may be needed.
When the interest-bearing legal-tender notes
are withdrawn, and their amount funded, there
would remain of paper motjey in circulation,
beside the national bank notes, only the United
States notes and the fractional currency, which
bear uo interest. Before reducing the amount
of those Government notes by converting them
into interest-bearing bonds, it should be con-
sidered how far the circulation of bank notes,'
which are equally paper money and equally
effective in causing its depreciation, ought to be
restricted: and whether the banks, also, may
not assist and contribute in the work of restoring
the money of the country to a sound condition.
When the only unfunded obligations of the
Government are the legal-tender notes and
fractional currency, costing nothing for inter-,
est, we can more easily determine to what ex-
tent and when they shall be withdrawn from
circulation. They now constitute a fund or loan
amounting to over four hundred and fifty mil-
lions, without any cost to the Government for
interest. They constitute a loan from the peo-
ple; and before I consent to their conversion
into bonds that will require the addition of
S27.000.000 to the annual payments for inter-
est. I v ish to know how much benefit is to be
derived by assuming so large an increase to the
amount of interest we now have to pay, and
also for whose benefit it will be. I have always
believed that the action of the hanks has had,
and will continue to have, as much effect in
depreciating the value of the paper money as
any action of the Government; though it may
be said that, at first, the necessities of the Gov-
ernment provided the occasion for the banks.
If paper money is convenient and desirable,
while the privilege of furnishing it is of such
great value, it may be questioned whether the
Government can afford to resign the privilege
