1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
lying on the ground and exposure, and lay an
invalid on his bed. During the interval that
elapsed from his being honorably discharged
from the service as disabled and the lime of his
death, he was very sick indeed, scarcely able to
help himself. During that time, however, he
endeavored to have an application made to the
Pension Office. He employed an agent to pre-
pare his papers, but .that agent it seems moved
away-, or for some reason could not be found,
lie was greatly solicitous about it, and sent his
wife and others to find the agent. They could
not learn where he went except that he had
gone to the State of Connecticut, they did not
know to what particular place. The party was
doing ail he could to have his application
entered at the Pension Office, and perhaps if
he had lived three days longer the application
might have been filed there, and then the widow
would have been entitled to the pension for the
whole time. The case is very clear. The
Commissioner of Pensions has allowed the
widow a pension dating from his death, and
the law as quoted in the report is express that
where, the application is pending' at the time
of the death the pension relates back to the
time of the disability. If, as we consider, this
is a debt which we owe to these soldiers, we
ought not to take advantage of what could not
have been their negligence'under the circum-
stances.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How much time does
it cover?
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the Senator
to lay down the rule that this is justice fo all.
Then why not-change your law and make it so?
Why say that this particular woman shall be •
entitled to a pension for these two years that
elapsed before the application was actually
perfected, when you do not make the same
allowance to soldiers who happen to be remote
from this place, and who have greater disadvan-
tages in securing pensions than these people?
Mr. VAN W INKLE. The Senator does
not understand the case. This widow applied
for a pension and received it from the date of
her husband's death. If he had made the
application during his lifetime, the law would
have made her pension commence from the
date of his disability. If the agent had done
his duty he might have filed the papers in ten
days. They are perfectly clear, so that the
pension was at once granted by the Commis-
sioner upon them. The proof of marriage
and everything else is complete.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no doubt there are
ten thousand cases, and more too, in the Uni-
ted.Stat.es, where there is more or less time,
one year or two or three years, between the
period when the person who rendered the ser-
vice dies and the time when the widow or sur-
viving heirs make their application. As I
understand it, we settle, in this instance, if we
pass this bill, a rule by which we are to be
governed in the future, that in such cases as
that we shall pay pension between the time at
which the parties might have applied and the
time at which they did actually apply and
secure the pension.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There is a law that
in certain cases an application must be made
within three years, or otherwise the pension
commences only from the time the proof is
completed. That is intended, of course, as
a safeguard to induce people to come forward
at the proper time. But here the party endeav-
ored to make his application. He was a poor
sick man, lying on his bed, utterly helpless.-
He brought his case so near completion that a
day or two might have completed it, or it might
have been done if this agent had returned to
the city before his death. If, as I said before,
wo consider that this is at all a debt which we
owe to these men—and I consider it so to what-
ever extent the law gives it to them—I do not
think we ought to take advantage of a little
lapse of time in this way, when the party him-
self was not and could not have been in fault.
If it had been a case of voluntary delay ; if he
had made no effort to have his application
presented, then I should have nothing to say
in favor of the claim.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not speaking now in
regard to this case particularly ; but if we are
to be governed by those humane motives to
which the Senator from West Virginia alludes,
I want to have the principle apply to other
cases as well as this particular One, and I want
the Senator, as a member of the Committee on
Pensions, to allow other soldiers or the widows
of other soldiers to recover their pensions be-
tween the time that they may claim that they
attempted to secure their pensions and the time
they actually did secure them. We give to this
woman three or four hundred dollars, as I
understand it, by this bill; that is a mere baga-
telle ; but wo settle a principle that we must be
governed by in the future, contrary to the pre-
cedent that has hitherto existed and by which
-we have been governed before. I do not under-
stand that the Senator from West Virginia con-
troverts that fact; but simply upon the ground
that this deceased soldier made an attempt to
secure his pension but was unsuccessful, we
are to make the allowance. Is the Senator
prepared to say that whenever a case shall be
presented here where the widow claims that
her deceased husband has attempted to secure
a pension and has failed in being able to do it,
she shall bo allowed, as in this instance? Here
is a man from my State ; he applies ; he has
not-got the requisite testimony ; he has just as
meritorious a case as this ; a man who has suf-
fered and bled in the service; he employs an
agent; the agent is not competent to transact
the business; he sends on his papers, and the
papers are found to be defective; whose fault
is it? Does not that present just as much merit
as this case? While they are making that
effort to secure a pension, but are refused, the
man dies. If we settle this rule for this case
in the way that it is proposed by the Commit-
tee on Pensions to settle it, would not that per-
son from my State be entitled to a pension
between the time that the man made the abor-
tive attempt to secure the pension and the time
his widow actually did secure it? Certainly,
according to the principle contended for here.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The cases are not
similar. In this case a particular application is
made for which the proofs must be perfected
or no pension will be allowed. The widow
subsequently makes application, the proofs are
perfected, and the pension allowed, showing
that this man most certainly would have got
his pension if his application had been made
and he had survived until it was disposed of at
the Pension Office. The Senator is also mis-
taken in supposing that I put this upon humane
grounds. There are such cases that come
before us occasionally, and I am happy to know
that they have been responded to when they
come distinctly on that ground. But I men-
tioned the sickness of the man as showing his
inability to do more than he did do ; that while
he was taking steps to have his application
made, and was prevented giving it his personal
supervision, he died, and simply because he
died a few days sooner his widow is to lose
the compensation that the law intended for
her, as I think. If every case was to be decided,
when it comes here, strictly according to law,
there would be nothing that I know of for the
Pension Committee to do. All, or pretty much
all, the cp.ses that come before us are excep-
tional cases, and we have to examine the testi-
mony, and generally speaking, where we believe
there has been no laches, no neglect, no mis-
conduct, nothing wrong on the part of the
applicant, but there is only a technical diffi-
culty or something of this kind, where the time
has expired a little too soon, the committee
have been in the habit of reporting and both
Houses of passing such bills. I think this
addresses itself not to the humanity, but to the
sense of justice of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Senator is mis-
taken in saying that the Senate has been in
the habit of passing such bills. I served for
some yeai ■- on the Committc on Pensions, and
I never knew any such bill as this to pass, and
I think I could with safety appeal to the Presi-
dent of the body, who was chairman of that
committee, to say that no such bill ever did
pass founded on such a principle.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I mean to say that
they propose bills where the party does not
bring himself quite within the law, so that the
Commissioner can grant a pension.
Mr. GRIMES. Of course I agree with the
Senator from West Virginia that if we adhered
strictly to the law there would be no necessitv
for the Committee On Pensions ; but then there
are certain rules by which that committee has
been governed, and one of those rules is that
pensions shall not be allowed between the time
when the party makes application for a pension
and the time when it shall be granted.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. This bill is founded
on a law precisely contrary to what the Senator
now states. The law provides that if the appli-
cation is made at a certain time, the pension
shall relate back to the time of the disability.
This bill is to give the benefit of that provision
to this widow.
Mr. GRIMES. I am quite well satisfied
that this bill establishes too important a prin-
ciple for us to pass it now in so thin a Senate,
a principle that, as I understand it, will involve
the taking c i millions of dollars out of the
Treasury. 1 desire that the bill be laid over
until we can examine it more fully.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. You will bear me
witness', Mr. President, that the rule of the
Pension Committee, and in both Houses of
Congress, has been variable. Sometimes the
pension under special law is made to revert
back to the time of disability, and sometimes
only to the passage of the act. We have, dur-
ing this session, in our committees, resolved
to make the pensions always commence from
the passage of the act, and not go back. But
under the present law, where a pension is
applied for in the Pension Office, and it is
granted, it relates back to the filing of the
application. This is a very peculiar case. The
man was sick, unable to attend to his business,
utterly prostrate, dying; and in that condition
he sent his wife to employ an agent to file his
claim for a pension. lie had his neighbors
running to try to get up his papers, he lying
prostrate, sick all the time, worrying about
his papers : and before he could get the papers
presented by the agent, he died.
The Commissioner of Pensions, in a letter
to the committee, recommends this as an espe-
cially meritorious case, coming within the spirit
but not the letter of the law. He was unable
to make his application from disease and sick-
ness. The case the gentleman from Iowa puts
might beta little different; the neglect might
have been voluntary; there might have been
no good reason for it; but I am free to say
that when the delay is explained satisfactorily
to my mind, as the delay in this case, I shall,
without the slightest hesitation, vote for the
pension.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator
had better let this go over if he has other bills,
because the Senate is very thin now.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that this
bill be laid aside for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
MARINE HOSPITALS AMD REVENUE CUTTERS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I submit the following
report from a committee of conference, and
ask that it may be acted upon now:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. E. No. 38-1) to authorize the sale of marine
hospitals and of revenue euttcrs having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
Tha t the Senate recede from their first, second, and
third amendments.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the fourth amendment to the
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment,
as follows:
Strike out all after the word "provided," in lino
twelve of said bill, down to the word "where," in
lint- seventeen, and insert the following:
"That the hospitals at Cleveland, Ohio, and Port-
