2896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
not to include these Indians within this consti-
tutional amendment. In purpose I agree with
him. 1 do not intend to include them. My
purpose is to exclude them; and the question
between us is whether his language includes
them and mine excludes them, or whether his
language excludes them and mine includes
them. The Senator says, in the first place, if the
words which are suggested by me, " Indians not
taxed," are to govern, any State has it in its
power to naturalize the Indian tribes within
its limits and bring them in as citizens. Can
a State tax them unless they are subject to the
State? Certainly not. My friend from Michi-
gan will not contend that an Indian can be
taxed if he is not subject to the State or to the.
United States ; and yet, if they are subject to
the jurisdiction of the United States they are
declared by the very language of his amend-
ment to be citizens.
Now, sir, the words which I have used are
borrowed from the Constitution as it stands—
the Constitution adopted by our fathers. We
have lived under it for seventy years; and
these words, ''Indians not taxed," are the very
words which were used by our fathers in form-
ing the Constitution as descriptive of a certain
class of Indians which should not be enumer-
ated as a part of our population, as distin-
guished from another class which should be
enumerated as a part of our population ; and
these are words of description used by them
under which we have acted for seventy years
and more. They have come to have a mean-
ing that is understood as descriptive of a cer-
tain class of Indians that may be enumerated
within our population as a part of the citizens
of the United States, to constitute a part of
the basis of the political power of the United
States, and others not included within it are to
be excluded from that basis. The courts of
the V nited States have had occasion to speak
on this subject, and from time to time they
have declared that the Indians are subjects of
the United States, not citizens; and that is the
very word in your amendment where they are
"subject to the jurisdiction" of the United
States. Why, sir, what does it mean when
you say that a people are subject to the juris-
diction of the United States? Subject, first,
to its military power; "second, subject to its
political power; third, subject to its'legislative
power ; and who doubts our legislative power
over the reservations upon which these Indians
are settled? Speaking upon that subject, I
have to say that one of the most distinguished
men who ever sat in this body, certainly
that have sat in this body since I have been a
member of it, the late Senator from Ver-
mont, Judge Collamer, time and again urged
upon me, as a member of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to bring forward a scheme of
legislation by which we should pass laws and
subject all the Indians in all the Territories
of the United States to the legislation of Con-
gress direct. The Senator from Ohio not now
in his seat [Mr. Sherman] has contended for
the same thing, and other members of Con-
gress contend that the very best policy of deal-
ing with the Indian tribes is to subject them at
once to our legislative power and jurisdiction.
"Subjects of the United States!" Why, sir,
they are completely our subjects, completely
in our power. We hold them as our wards.
They are living upon our bounty.
Mr. President, there is one thing that I
doubt not Senators must have forgotten. In
all those vast territories which we acquired
from Mexico, we took the sovereignty and the
jurisdiction of the soil and the country from
Mexico, just as Mexico herself had held it,
just as Spain had held it before the Mexican
republic was established ; and what was the
power that was held by Spain and by Mexico
oyer the Indian tribes? They did not recog-
nize even the possessory title of an Indian in
one foot of the jurisdiction of those territories.
In reference to the Indians of California, we
have never admitted that they had sufficient
jurisdiction over any part of its soil to make
a treaty with them. The Senate of the United
States expressly refused to make treaties with
the Indians of California, on the ground that
they had no title and no* jurisdiction whatever
in the soil; they were absolutely subject to
the authority of the United States, which we
derived from our treaty with Mexico.
The opinion of Attorney General Cushing,
one of the ablest men who has ever occupied the
position of Attorney General, has been read
here, in which he states clearly that the Indians,
though born upon our soil, owing us allegiance,
are not citizens; they are our subjects; and
that is the very word which is used in this
amendment proposed to the Constitution of
the United States, declaring that if they be
" subject" to our jurisdiction, born on our
soil, they are, ipso facto, citizens of the United
States.
Mr. President, the celebrated civil rights bill
which has been passed during the present Con-
gress, which was the forerunner of this consti-
tutional amendment, and to give validity to
which this constitutional amendment is brought
forward, and which without this constitutional
amendment to enforce it has no validity so far
as this question is concerned, uses the follow-
ing language:
"That all persons born hi the United States, and
not subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians
not taxed, are hereby declared to be citizens of the
United States/'
Why should this language be criticised any
more now. when it is brought forward here in
this constitutional amendment, than when it was
in the civil rights bill? Why should the lan-
guage be more criticised here than it is in the
second section of this constitutional amend-
ment, where the same words are used? The
second section, in ajiportioning representation,
proposes to count the whole number of per-
sons in each State, "excluding Indians not
taxed." Why not insert those words in the first
section as well as in the second? Why not
insert them in this constitutional amendment
as well as in the civil rights bill ? The civil
rights bill undertook to do this same thing. It
undertook to declare that "all persons born
in the United States, and not subject to any
foreign Po^ver, excluding Indians not taxed",
are hereby declared to be citizens of the Uni-
ted States." But, sir, the committee of fif-
teen, fearing that this declaration by Congress
was without validity unless a constitutional
amendment should be brought forward to en-
force it, have thought proper to report this
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to say to the
honorable Senator, who has a great regard for
truth, that he is drawing entirely upon his im-
agination. There is not one word of correct-
ness in all that he is saying, not a particle, not
a scintilla, not the beginning of truth.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I take a little issue with
my friend from Maine on that point as a ques-
tion of fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the first place, this
was not brought forward by the committee of
fifteen at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This proposition was
first introduced into the House by a gentleman
from Ohio by the name of Bingham.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought the Senator
was speaking of this first part of the section,
the amendment, not the whole.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir; that is proposed
by the Senator from Michigan. As I under-
stand, a member from Ohio, Mr. Bingham,who
in a very able speech in the'House maintained
that the civil rights bill was without any author-
ity in the Constitution, brought forward a prop-
osition in the House of Representatives to
amend the Constitution so as to enable Con-
gress to declare the civil rights of all persons,
and that constitutional amendment, Mr. Bing-
ham being himself one of the committee of
fifteen, was referred by the House to that com-
mittee, and from the committee it has been
reported. I say I have a right to infer that it
was because Mr. Bingham and others of the
House of Representatives and other persons
upon the committee had doubts, at least, as to
the constitutionality of the civil rights bill that
this proposition to amend the Constitution now
appears to give it validity and force. It is not
an imputation upon any one.
Mr. GRIMES. It is an imputation upon
every member who voted for the bill, the in-
ference being legitimate and logical that they
violated their oaths and knew t.hey did so when
thev voted for the civil rights bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator goes too
far. What I say is that they had doubts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to the Sen-
ator one thing: whatever may have been Mr.
Bingham's motives in bringing it forward, he
brought it forward some time before the civil
rights bill was considered at all and had it re-
ferred to the committee, and it was discussed
in the committee long before the civil rights
bill was passed. Then I will say to him fur-
ther, that during all the discussion in the com-
mittee that I heard nothing was ever said about
the civil rights bill in connection with that. It
was placed on entirely different grounds.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. _ I will ask the Senator
from Maine this question: if Congress, under
the Constitution now has the power to declare
that "all persons born in the United States,
and not subject to any foreign Power, exclud-
ing Indians not taxed, are hereby declared to
be citizens of the United States," what is the
necessity of amending the Constitution at all
on this subject?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not choose that
the Senator shall get off from the issue he pre-
sented. I meet him right there on the first
issue. If he wants my opinion upon other
questions, he can ask it afterward. He was
saying that the committee of fifteen brought
this proposition forward for a specific object.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I said the committee
of fifteen brought it forward because thev had
doubts as to the constitutional power of Con-
gress to pass the civil rights bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Exactly; and I say, in
reply, that if they had doubts, no such doubts
were stated in the committee of fifteen, and
the matter was not put on that ground at all.
There was no question raised about the civil
rights bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I put the ques-
tion to the Senator: if there are no doubts,
why amend the Constitution on that subject?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That question the Sen-
ator may answer to suit himself. It has no
reference to the civil rights bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That does not meet the
case at all If my friend maintains that at this
moment the Constitution of the United States,
without amendment, gi\es all the power you
ask, why do you put this new amendment into
it on that subject ?
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Wis-
consin wishes an answer, I will give him one
such as I am able to give.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was asking the Sen-
ator from Maine.
Mr. HOWARD. I was a member of the
same committee, and the Senator's observa-
tions apply to me equally with the Senator
from Maine. We desired to put this question
of citizenship and the rights of citizens and
freedmen under the civil rights bill beyond the
legislative power of such gentlemen as the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, who would pull the whole
system up by the roots and destroy it, and ex-
pose the freedmen again to the oppressions of
their old masters.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator has made
his answer, I suppose.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, when
the Senator undertakes to say that I have any
disposition to subject the freedmen to the des-
potism of their old masters, he says that which
there is not a particle of foundation or excuse
for saying. I say to that Senator- 
Mr. HOWARD. I beg the Senator to allow
me one word. I made no personal imputation
against the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE." I desire to finish my
sentence before being interrupted.
