1866.
THE CONG RESSIONAL GLOBE.
193T
land, Maioe, shall not l«i sold or leased, nor shall
any hospital be sold or leased."
Z. CHANDLER,
JOHN SHERMAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
e. b. washburne,
b. kggleston,
j. m. humphrey,
Managers on the part of the Huuae.
The report was concurred in.
OBITUARY ADDRESSES ON SENATOR FOOT.
Mr. POLAND submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That there bo published, in pamphlet
form, for the use of the Senate, six thousand copies
of the addresses made by members of the Senate and
members of the House of Representatives upon the
occasion of the announcement of the death of Hon.
Solomon Foot, and that Rev. Dr. Sunderland be re-
quested to furnish a copy of the sermon delivered by
him at the funeral of Senator Foot, to bo published
with said addresses.
CATTLE PLAGUE.
Mr. POLAND. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to inform the Senate whether lie has any
information that the rinderpest or cattle plague,
which has been so destructive on the eastern conti-
nent, has appeared in any part of the United States,
and whether in his judgment any further measures
can be adopted to prevent the introduction or spread
of such disease in this country, and if he has infor-
mation what remedies and what course of treatment
arc advisable.
There being_ no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that should
be addressed to the chief of the Bureau of
Agriculture.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that the Bu-
reau of Agriculture is a part of the Department
of the Interior.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; it is a perfectly
independent Department.
Mr. POLAND. The resolution in the first
place was directed to that Department; but I
supposed it was more appropriate to have it
directed to the Department of the Interior. I
will modify the resolution so as to direct it to
the Commissioner of the Department of Agri-
culture.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be so modified, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that some in-
formation on this subjcct is in the possession
of the Department which ought to go before
the country.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Rep-
resentatives (H. R. No. 46) for the relief of
Martha McCook, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
AMENDMENT OF PENSION LAWS.
On motion of Mr. VA.N WINKLE, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (H. R. No. 863) supple-
mentary to the several acts relating to pensions.
The first section of this bill proposed to re-
peal section five of an act entitled "An act sup-
plementary to an act entitled 'An act to grant
pensions,' approved July 14, 1862," approved
.July 4, 1864, and section three of an act enti-
tled "An act supplementary to the several acts
relating to pensions," approved March 3,1865,
and to substitute the following in lieu thereof:
That from and after the passage of this act all per-
sons now by law entitled to aless pension than here-
inafter specified, who shall have lost the sight of both
eyes, or who shall have lost both hands, or been per-
manently and totally disabled in the same, in the
military or naval service and in the line of duty, shall
be entitled to a pension of twenty-live dollars per
month; and all persons who, under like circum-
stances, shall have lost both feet, or one hand and
one foot, or been totally and permanently disabled
in the same, shall be entitled to a pension of twenty
dollars per month; and all persons who, under like
circumstances, shall have lost one hand or one foot,
or been totally and permanently disabled in thesame,
shall be entitled to a pension of fifteen dollars per
month.
The second section of the bill declares that
any pledge, mortgage, sale, assignment, or
truster of any right, claim, or interest in any
33th Coxa. 1st Sess.—No. 122.
pension which has been, or may hereafter be
granted, shall be void and of no effect; and
any person acting as attorney to receive and
receipt for money for and in behalf of any per-
son entitled to a pension shall, before receiv-
ing die money, take and subscribe an oath, to
be filed with the pension agent, and by him to
be transmitted,with the vouchers now required
by law, to the proper accounting officer of the
Treasury, that he has no interest in the money
by any pledge, mortgage, sale, assignment, or
transfer, and that he does not know or believe
that the same has been so disposed of to any
person; and any person who shall falsely take
this oath shall be guilty of perjury, and on con-
viction, shall be liable to the pains and penal-
ties of perjury.
The third section provides that any person
who shall present or cause to be presented at
any pension agency any power of attorney or
other'paper required as a voucher in drawing
a pension, which paper shall bear a date sub-
sequently to that on which it was actually
signed or executed, shall be deemed guilty of
high, misdemeanor, and shall, on conviction
thereof, be punished by a fine not exceeding
$500, or by imprisonment for a term not ex-
ceeding three years, or by both, at the discre-
tion of the court before whom the conviction
shall be had.
The fourth section repeals section one of an
act entitled "An act supplementary to the sev-
eral acts relating to pensions," approved March
S, 1865.
The fifth section provides that if any person
entitled to an invalid pension has died since
March 4, 1861, or shall hereafter die while an
application for sueh pension is pending, and
after the proof has been completed, leaving no
widow and no minor child under sixteen years
of age, his heirs or legal representatives shall
be entitled to receive the accrued pension to
which the applicant would have been entitled
had the certificate been issued before his death.
The sixth section provides that in all cases
when a commission shall have been regularly
issued to any person in the military or naval
service who shall have died or been disabled
while in the lino of duly, after the date of the
commission, and before being mustered, such
officer or other person entitled to a pension for
such death or disability by existing laws shall
receive a pension correspondingto his rank, as
determined by such commission, the same as
if he had been mustered; but this section is
not to apply to any-officer who shall have will-
fully neglected or refused to bo so mustered.
According to the seventh section, officers
absent on sick leave, and enlisted men absent
on sick furlough, are to be regarded in the ad-
ministration of the pension laws in the same
manner as if they were in the field or hospital.
The eighth, section provides that the period
of service of all persons entitled to the benefits
of the pension laws, or on account of whose
death any person may become entitled to a f>en-
sion, shall be construed to extend to the time
of disbanding the organization to which such
persons belonged, or until their actual dis-
charge for other cause than the expiration of
the service of such organization.
The ninth section declares that enlisted
men employed as teamsters, wagoners, artifi-
cers, hospital stewards, farriers, saddlers, and
all other enlisted men, however employed in
the service of the Army or Navy, not specific-
ally mentioned in the first section of an act
entitled "An act to grant pensions," approved
July 14,1862, shall be regarded, in the admin-
istration of the pension laws, as non-commis-
sioned officers or privates.
The tenth section provides that if any officer,
soldier, or seaman shall have died of wounds
received or of disease contracted in the line of
duty in the military or naval service of the Uni-
ted States, leaving a widow and a child or chil-
dren under the age of sixteen years, and it shall
be duly certified tinder seal, by any court hav-
ing probate jurisdiction, that satisfactory evi-
dence has been produced before such court
that the widow has abandoned the care of such
child or children, or is an unsuitable person by
reason of immoral conduct to have the custody
of the same, then no pension shall be allowed
to such widow until the minor child or children
shah have becomc sixteen years of age, any
previous enactment to the contrary notwith-
standing; and the minor child or children shall
bo pensioned in the same, manner as if no
widow had survived the officer, soldier, or sea-
man, and such pension may be paid to the
regularly authorized guardian of such minor
or minors.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with various amendments. 'The first amend-
ment of the committee was in section one, line
twelve, after the word "persons," to strikeout
the word "now;" and in line twelve, after the
word "who," to insert "while in the military
or naval service and in the line of duty."
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The word "now" is
proposed to be stricken out as superfluous; at
any rate, if laws are hereafter passed including
another class of persons in the pension laws,
we should have to reenaet all these provisions
with reference to them. The amendment in
line twelve, to insert the words "while in the
military or naval service, and in the line of
duty," is a mere transposition of words, which
depends upon the next amendment in the fif-
teenth and sixteenth lines, striking out the same
words. It may be passed by, therefore, until
the next amendment is considered.
I will state to the Senate that the sections
of acts proposed to be repealed are those which
grant to a man who has lost both feet a pension
of twenty dollars a month; where he has lost
both hands or both eyes, twenty-five dollars a
month; and whore ho has lost one hand and
one foot, twenty dollars a month. The pro-
visions in relation to those disabilities are in-
corporated in this bill in perhaps a better form.
The committee of the Senate has gone further,
and placed in the same classes other disabili-
ties which are equal to the disabilities named.
I ask the Secretary to read the next amend-
ment with reference to the words that are
transposed.
The Secretary read the amendment, in sec-
tion one, line fifteen, to strike out the words
"in the military or naval service, and in the
line of duty," and to insert "or otherwise so
permanently and totally disabled as to render
them utterly helpless, or so nearly so as to
require the constant personal aid and attend-
ance of another."
Mr. YAN WINKLE. Yarious petitions have
been presented to Congress asking that partic-
ular provision might be made for those w-ho
lost one hand or one arm. This brought the
subject to the consideration of the committee,
and they came to the conclusion that there
were disabilities which were equal to even the
severest of those now mentioned in the present
law as it now stands, which ought to be in-
cluded. For instance, a case was related to
us by a member of the commitee who sits on
the opposite side of the Chamber of a soldier
now in hospital at Louisville. He was shot
through the throat, or somewhere in that region,
and is unable to swallow anything but liquids,
an d is also unable to feed himself. We thought
that was a case, as presented to us, certainly
equal to the loss of both hands or both legs.
The provisions of this section, including the
amendments of the Senate committee, are
offered in lieu of propositions that have been
made to increase the rate of pensions gener-
ally. The committees of both Houses, and^ I
believe the approbation of the Commis-
sioner of Pensions and the Secretary of the
Interior, have thought that this was the best •
way to do justice to all. I ask the attention of
the Senate to this subject. They will perceive
that we come to a second class of disabilities
who receive a lower rate of pension, and that
there are included in that class those whose
disability goes to a certain extent; and so of
a third class. By our rules I presume we are
required to take up each amendment as it
stands. I propose, therefore, to take the vote
on - the amendment just read, which, as the
