1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
never saw so many heavy guns as General Grant
put into position in his campaigns. And having
seen, as you say you did, our grand reviews, on
the return of :>ur armies, you will admit that
we might have, sent, from the foot of Pennsyl-
vania avenue, cavalry, artillery, and infantry
sufficient to have met and conquered the com-
bined forces of Wellington and Bonaparte at
Waterloo, could they have been resuscitated
and provided with the arms and munitions they
handled on that field, and scarcely have inter-
rupted the parade."
In entering upon this new era, we should do
it not only with reference to our present finan-
cial condition, but with reference to our ex-
panding trade and resources, and the possibil-
ities of the development of our resources, and
the increase of our population. Return to spe-
cie payments is most desirable. The extin-
guishment of our national debt is no less de-
sirable. Nobody wishes the speedy return of
the one and the extinguishment of the other
more than 1 do. But caution is speed when
danger is in the way. And let us pause before
we act upon a bill so pregnant with pussible
consequences as this.
What does this bill propose to do ? It em-
powers the Secretary of the Treasury to with-
draw the only non-interest-paying debt we owe,
by making an interest-bearing loan with which
to redeem it, and so involve us in the addi-
tional annual expenditure of 827,000,000 in
interest. T agree that it is said ho may not
exercise that power; but it proposes to invest
him with the power, and he or some less worthy
successor may exercise it. And if that were
all, it would be a trivial matter. But in the
exercise of that power rests the solvency or
the bankruptcy of the business men and cor-
porations of this country.
Mr. Speaker, you are not presiding over a
meeting of the stockholders or the board of
directors of a third-class railroad company
which has fallen into embarrassment. This is
th's Congress of the United States. And yet
th;S bill proposes that after having sustained
our war without any such degradation, we shall
asK foreigners to loan us the money at five per
cent, to redeem a non-interest-bearing loan;
and among its inducements proposes that we
shall make the bonds payable in France, Ger-
many, England, or elsewhere, in francs, florins,
livre's, pounds, shillings, and pence—a propo-
sition that would call a blush to the cheeks of
the directors of an embarrassed railroad com-
pany whose work had been begun prematurely,
and where there were neither people nor busi-
ness to sustain it or give it credit. 1 do hope
that clause, at least, will be stricken from the
bill, as is proposed by my distinguished col-
league. [Mr. Stevexs.]
The able gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] said, in the course of his remarks, that
there is only one way in which to approach a
return to specie payments, and that is by con-
tracting the currency. That is a mistake, but
it brings me to consider the vastly greater and
more dangerous powers contained in the au-
thority proposed to be given to the Secretary of
the Treasury to redeem the greenback and frac-
tional currency, our only non-interest-bearing
loans. The gentleman from Massachusetts is.
I repeat, mistaken; there is another way. His
way leais to bankruptcy; the other way leads
to wealth and power.
What is the condition of the banks to-day?
There is not one ot them that does not hold
Government bonds beyond the total amount
of its capital; and some of them own bonds to
twice the amount of their capital. The vice
of our system is, that we permit them to dis-
count ad libitum on their deposits. This dan-
gerous power should be controlled gradually,
but surely. The result is that prosperity always
leads to undue expansion, while speculation and
sudden contraction involve wide-spread ruin.
The necessities of the Government compelled
the expansion of the currency, and deposits have
increased, and all the banks have invested in
national bonds; and if the Secretary of the
39th Cong. 1st Skss.—No, 62.
Treasury call in <550,000,000 or $10,000,000
of greenbacks, he will so contract the cur-
rency that every bank in the Union will begin
under compulsion to sell the Government se-
curities in which it has invested its deposits.
There is not a bank in the country that can bear
a large contraction of the currency without
either refusing to pay the cheeks of its deposit-
ors or sacrificing the loan of the country and
depreciating it in the markets of the world.
We must avoid panic, as an advanced guard
would a masked battery of heavy guns.
Gentlemen have the monthly and quarterly
returns of the banks before them ; I have them
not at hand, and am not prepared with the pre-
cise figures as gentlemen are who knew that this
bill was coming up to-day. But I challenge
an examination of those returns. Look at the
amount of their deposits, discounts, and the
loans they hold ; look whether every bank has
not the amount of its whole capital invested in
the national loans, and then see what will be
the practical effect of producing a contraction
which will make every depositor want his
money. The bank has no other fund from
which to supply currency than legal-tender
notes and national securities.
No, sir; contraction is not the way to a
resumption of "specie payments. It is the way,
after a brief struggle, by a double-quick march,
to bankruptcy. The deposits held by national
banks exceed the volume of their own notes
and legal tenders combined. Let a contraction
begin and depositors check heavily upon their
balances and it will affect every bank, and the
next act of the Secretary of the Treasury will
be to-notify the banks that, owing to a. depre-
ciation in the market value of Government
securities, they must increase their deposits to
secure the redemption of their notes. I warn
gentlemen to withhold from any man the power,,
at this time, when we are just coming out of
such a war. to contract our currency or even
to threaten its contraction.
There is another and better method of re-
sumption. We mine more gold and silver than
any other nation on earth. And under the good
influences of the Committeee on Mines and
Mining of this House, of the construction of
the Pacific railroad, and the return of peace,
we will mine gold and silver enough in one
year to pay our debt. But what is the use of
mining it? It all goes to foreign lands.
"We raise grain ; but it rots in our fields, or
we consume it for fuel. We raise cotton; but
we send it to Europe to be manufactured and
we send the manufacturers as much grain as
tliey need to feed their workmen, and then we j
send them our gold with which to pay them for
making our iron and spinning atid weaving our
cotton and wool. Let us modify that.
The people of the Northwest are the great
importers of grain into this country. While
their wheat is rotting in their fields, and their
corn blazing in their stoves and heaters, they
are importing grain. Yes, sir: grain condensed
into railroad iron, condensed into cloth, con-
densed into every article they wear and use,
and which they import, but might manufacture.
I say that the question of specie payment con-
nects itself with the question I am now touch-
ing upon—the fostering of the skill and industry
! j of the country.
I- The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
' IIoofer, j toward the close of his ingenious
11 argument suggested that there was 110 mcom-
I! patibility between a return to specie payments
|! and the maintenance in circulation of our non-
' redeemable national currency. What, sir, was
his argument upon that point? It was this:
that we require a larger amount of circulating
medium now than we did before the war, and
hence there would be found use for the ordi-
nary amount of gold and silver and for the
91.32.000,000 of national currency, greenback
and fi actional. ^
In that argument., sir, he conceded tne prin-
ciple for which I am contending. I would not
permit an expansion of the currency. I will
not consent to an increase of our debt, but I
would n.ot peril the business -of the Country ,t6
hasten a return to specie payments or to extin-
guish otir debt.
Mr. Speaker, we fought this war for posterity,"
and I am willing posterity, as the price of. the
blessings we transmit, shall pay the pecuniary
debtwe have contracted. "Posterity," asBoylfe
Rpehe said, "has rieverdoneanythingforus,"
and I am willing it shall pay the debt with
which we have mortgaged the magnificent' es-
tate we are to leave it.
I am not willing to tax the -widows and or-
phans of our soldiers to hasten tlie payment of
our debt. One half of our country is devas-
tated by war, its system of labor demoralized;
and it has its widows and orphans ; and I am
not willing to tax them and their wasted estates
in order that we may hasten to pay this debt.
Let us so legislate that there shall be 110
expansion of the currency. Let us so legis-
late that there shall be 110 increase of the debt.
And let us so legislate as to relieve our labor
of taxation to the amount of the difference
between our income and our expenditures; as
stated by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
He says our income from various sources this
year will be $500,000,000, and that our ex-
penses will be a little over $200,000,000. Let
us, then, relieve our poor mantua-inakers from
the tax we collect from tliem for the privilege
of stitch, stitch, stitching by day and night to
support themselves and little ones. Let us
relieve all those branches of industry which are
now impaired or destroyed by our internal tax-
ation. Promote the development of our re-
sources and stimulate our industry by repealing
taxes to the amount of one hundred and fifty
or two hundred million dollars per annum. Let
us promote the recuperation of the South and
give employment to the discharged soldiers of
the North, and in five years the principle laid
down by the gentleman from Massacnusetts,
[Mr. Hoofer,] that the extensive development
of the resources of the country and the increase
of population creates uses for money will _ be
demonstrated, and we will have a population
which will carry the amount of currency which
now indicates undue expansion.
What is more, sir, if the men of the North-
west will weave ana spin their own wool and
make their own iron and other products -«hich
tney now import, and eat uieir own wheat,
we shall find we will keep our gold in the conv •
try instead of sending it to England to buy
wheat from the banks of the Baltic and the
Nile for the use of the grain-growers of Iowa
and Minnesota and Kansas. And at the end
of five years you will find the specie-owning
citizens of the country will have bought from
the banks their bonds, and the bullion-owning
citizens of the country will have deposited in
the banks specie; at any rate, at the end of tea
years the process of fostering our industry, de-
veloping our resources, and retaining in the
country some of our vast mineral wealth, will
bring us to the resumption of specie payments
naturally, and without disturbing any branch of
business. Then, sir, what will be the case?
Why, ten years hence the employment of Amer-
ican labor, steadily and at liberal wages, will,
by inviting emigration, have doubled our pop-
ulation, and will not only have quadrupled, but
twice quadrupled our material resources. You
cannot calculate the ratio of the increase of our
taxable wealth. For, sir, what was known un-
til within a few years as the great desert which
was forever to divide the Atlantic and Pacific
States is found to be one vast mass of gold and
silver and precious stones. So that into the
desert so marked men are swarming in busy
;! hives and are drawing from the earth treasures
in comparison with wnichthe storied wealth ot
: i • ■ Ormus and of Ind-' are not to be named. At
!.i the end of ten years our population may he
" doubled and our taxable property will have
doubly quadrupled, and your share of our debt,
Mr. Speaker, will be lessened just 111 proportion
as we shall have increased the number of con-
suming and taxable citizens, and that of your
estate will be diminished by the vast p
