1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
3857
Every preparation had been made for the
perilous enterprise. Night closed in with ray-
less darkness. I stood with Grant upon the
deck of a small steamer in the middle of the
Mississippi, from which he kept au eye to
the imneaients of his fleet. It was then 1 saw
sights men rarely see. Khriu gunboats and
three transports dropped quietly into the chan-
nel and floated down the current. Suddenly
the batteries and rifle pits opened their simul-
taneous fire, while the gunboats returned from
heavy guns broadside after broadside upon the
devoted city. The whole bluffs were a blaze
of (ire. Indeed, sir. it looked as if a mighty
wall of lightning from earth to sky stood still
and motionless, while deep thunders rolled,
reminding one of the scene—
" When -Tovofrom Ida's top his horror spreads:
Thick lightnings flash; the muttering thunders roll
Wide o'er the tield, high blazing to the sky;
And o'er the forest rolls the flood of fire;
And ' dreadful gleamed the face of iron war!'"
Our boats, contrary to my expectations,
safely passed below, and so far Grant's strat-
egy had not failed. But still great obstacles
confronted him, and he must resort to new
strategy. Before he could attack Vieksburg
from below, Grand Gulf must be taken.
Grand Gulf was a strongly fortified position
at the mouth of the Big Black river, and here
Grant gave a striking display of his strategic
skill, which attracted the attention of military
men everywhere, and which proved to be a
pivot, upon which turned the mightiest events,
results, and destinies of the war.
On the morning of April 29, the six gun-
boats moved down the river to the assault,
while the transports with the troops on board
followed, ready to debark and storm the heights
as soon as the batteries should be silenced.
Our gunboats, under the command of that
groat naval commander, Porter, ran close in-
shore under the enemy's guns within pistol
shot and poured their broadsides upon his
works, to which the enemy responded with a
terrific fire from the throats of his heavy guns
• on the heights above. Prom a tug-boat in
the middle of the stream wo witnessed the
scene. All around, distinctly visible to the
naked eye, we could see the cannon balls flying
through the air and skipping in wild leaps along
the surface of the river, while—
"Howling and screeching and whizzing
The bomb-shells arched on high;
And then, like fiery meteors,
Dropped swiftly from the sky."
But the batteries could not be silenced, and
Grand Gulf could riot be stormed. After four
hours' bombardment we boarded the flag-ship
Benton, and Grant, aftera short interview with
Admiral Porter, seemingly on the instant de-
cided upon a coup de main, which proved his
power as a strategist, and from the jaws of
defeat he snatched the standard of victory.
He ordered his troops to debark and marched
them to a point below Grand Gulf, ran the bat-
teries with his boats, embarked his troops again,
crossed the river, and fought the battle of Port
Gibson, gaining the first of that splendid series
of victories which terminated in the fall of
Vieksburg. Here again Grant adapted him-
self to the circumstances of the case, and made
a plan of his own contrary to that which had
been laid down for him at Washington. I pre-
sume General Grant never recei-ved a higher
compliment or one that he so much prized as
one contained in a letter of Mr. Lincoln of
July 3, 1863. Mr. Lincoln said :
" When you got below and took Port Gibson and
Grand Gulf, I thought you should go down the river
and join General Banks; and when you turned north-
ward east oi Big Black X feared it was a failure. I
now wish to make apersonal acknowledgment to you,
that you were right and I was wrong."
Grant had great confidence in the pluck and
mettle of his army, and he considered the vic-
tory was half won whenever he made up his
mind to let the brave Ulinoians and other
iroopsof the Northwest go into the battle. His
policy was to "let 'cm fight," and to fight the
enemy whei'ever he could find him. Still it can-
not belaid to his charge that he was reckless of
the lives of his officers and men, for he never
39TII C0X(4 1ST Swp
asked lliem to go where he was not willing to
lead. In the battles of the Wilderness he did
not, as has been charged, run heedless upon
the intrenchmeuts of the enemy. He resorted to
flanking movements, concentrating his strength
first upon one wing and then upon another ; or,
having divided the forces of the enemy, he
threw his whole force like an avalanche upon
the center, and drove him back to new posi-
tions, until, dispirited and besieged, the con-
federate capital fell like ripened fruit into his
hands.
When he assumed supreme command as
Lieutenant General he changed radically the
whole plan of our military operations. He
discontinued the plan of independent spasmodic
movements by our different armies—a plan
which had enabled the enemy to move as upon
a pivot, and to confront our divided forces now
at one point and then at another, and to bafBe
us by a superior concentration of his forces.
But, sir, i read from his own report to show
what this policy was which all now see was neces-
sary to turn the tide of fortune in our favor.
He says :
"I therefore determined first to use the greatest
number of troops practicable^ against the armed forces
of the enemy, preventing him from using thosarne
force at different seasons against first one and then
another of'our armies, and the possibility of repose
forrehttingandproduciiignecessary sujjplies for car-
rying on resistance.''
The anaconda of which so much had been
said early in the war was no longer a myth.
If he was not the author of the comprehensive
idea conveyed by that word to the public mind
he was the first to vitalize and make it real.
He did not simply move forward the army of
the Potomac, but for the purpose of employ-
ing the enemy at every point and preventing
the concentration of his forces upon any given
point, General Grant set in- motion all the
armies of the Union—Sherman against John-
ston ; Butler moved up the James, Sigel up the
Shenandoah valley, Banks against Shrevesport,
Sheridan against Early, and other generals in
their appropriate places, in the mighty drama
which ended in the death of the rebellion.
Mr. President, when the history of this war
is carefully read with the map of the campaigns
before you; when all the details of depart-
mental organization are understood; and when
all the orders, correspondence, and dispatches
are properly weighed; when all the coopera-
tive movements of the various divisions of his
armies are carefully studied; the vast territory
he had to overlook, to conquer, and to defend ;
vast communications by land and water; im-
mense supplies and transportation to be pro-
vided ; a confronting enemy ever vigilant, brave,
confident, commanded by skillful leaders; and
all the splendid results of his great plans are
considered, we may truthfully pronounce him
the model commander of the age in which he
lives. I know well the secret of his power, for
when I saw him at headquarters, upon the
march, and on the battle-field, in his plain,
threadbare uniform, modest in his deportment,
careful of the wants of the humblest soldier,
personally inspecting all the dispositions and
divisions of his army, calm and courageous
amid the most destructive fire of the enemy, it
was evident that he had the confidence of every
man from the highest officer down to the hum-
blest drummer-boy in his command.
He also judged men with the most unerring
accuracy, so that when the choice lay with him he
always selected the'right man in the right place.
Need I mention Sherman, McPherson, Meade,
Hooker, Hancock, Thomas, Howardj Logan,
and many others who were relied upon by him,
each Tor some particular excellence or fitness
assigned a specific duty,? With what sagacity,
too, did he select those two gallant chieftains,
Grierson in the West and Sheridan in the East,
as avant couriers to herald his own mighty
coming.
It is needless to recount here the details of
Gnerson's grand raid, in which, with three
regiments only, he suddenly abandoned all
communications with his base and supply trains,
almost without artfllory, and beset on all sides
No 21-2.
j by hostile forces, and, subsisting entirely upon
the enemy's country, he swept through the
confederacy, cutting telegraph lines, destroy-
ing railroad communications, burning depots
of military supplies, and spreading dismay
among the people, and after destroying mil-
lions' worth of the enemy's stores, marched
into New Orleans, with streaming colors and
glad music, amidst the wild acclamations of
the army of the Gulf.
I need not refer to Sheridan. His heroic
deeds outshine; the romantic stories of the
past, when mailed knights fiercely strove with
gods around the walls of Troy. Such was
Grant's confidence in Sheridan that it is said
he hardly ever gave him an order in detail.
When he asked the privilege of attacking the
enemy in his stronghold at Winchester, Grant's
simple order was, "Go in." And on another
occasion ho said to Sheridan, "Go and whip
Early." It is said that Napoleon was greatly
disturbed and uneasy during the battle of Baut-
zen. until he heaid the sound of Ney's guns
thundering on the left, when he sat quietly
down and wrote Marie Louise the victory was
gained. Such confidence as Napoleon in Mar-
shal Ney, Grant had in gallant, glorious Phil.
Sheridan.
The American people have not lavished upon
their heroes costly presents or princely estates,
nor stately pile nor royal titles, such as Eng-
land bestowed upon her Marlborough s, her
Nelsons, and her Wellingtons, but for their
great services this nation has conferred upon
Washington, Jackson, and Taylor a position
of more value than heaps of shining gold and
prouder than that of emperor ; and monarchs
may well envy them the title of citizen Presi-
dent of the United States of America.
Who among the long roll of honored names
has achieved a grander success or given to his
people a nobler boon than Grant? Blaek-vis-
aged war desolated the land; horrible dread
froze up the fountains of hope; from every house
went up to heaven wails for the loved and lost,
louder than Israel for her first-born; and from
foreign despotisms came the shouts of exul-
tation over the fading fortunes of oar great
experiment for universal liberty. And when
there was no eye to pity or arm to sa\ e, sud-
denly a light gleamed athwart the sky. hope
banished sickly fear, order was where confusion
reigned, and victory snatched our chastened
nation from the jaws of ruin and clothcd her
anew with the garlands of immortal youth ; and
the people saw high above the common plane
their two deliverers, Lincoln and Grant. Alas!
how soon the dread javelin seeks the shining
mark and leaves but one. Long may he wear
the charmedlife; Ithuriel-like, within our Eden,
be "armed with a spear of celestial temper."
And now, sir, why should we not eagerly
seize the opportunity to confer upon General
Grant the grade of General of the armies of
the^United States? It was conferred on Wash-
ington, and who will say it was not justly and
worthily bestowed? Then why shall we do less
to him who dared all and conquered all in a
darker and grander crisis of our fate? If it is
objected that we should not lavish honors and
emoluments upon one where all, officers and
privates, have done so well, I reply, if reply is
necessary, that in honoring him we honor all
his comrades in arms, and I am sure that not
one, from the highest officer, from the great
Sherman down, down through all the ranks to
the humblest private soldier, will say no to this
tribute to the exalted worth of their great com-
mander.
I repudiate the imputation of prodigality of
the people's money in advocating the small
appropriation proposed to be added to the sal-
ary of General Grant by this bill. While I
believe this grateful and magnanimous nation
will not object to this almost nominal increase
of his salary. I believe they are also willing to
be taxed to the extent of making all our sol-
diers equal in bounty and pay for their services
in rescuing the country from total ruin, and for
that reason I desire to vote for any measure
that will accomplish that measure atrthe earli-'
