1938
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
Senate will perceive, transposes the words
which otherwise need not be inserted.
I will say further that the committee had a
correspondence with the Pension Bureau on
this subject, and a classification and gradation
of pensions was made out, and I had the honor
to report a bill prepared at the Pension Bureau
for that purpose tq the Senate; but after the
House bill came to us we supposed that we
could incorporate the valuable provisions of
the Senate bill in this bill, and adopt their bill
generally as it stands. I think the Senate can
have no doubt that there are disabilities as
gross as those of the loss of both hands, or both
legs, or both eyes. There are numerous such
cases. There are those who are suffering from
disease by which they are perfectly and entirely
helpless, so that, as one of the amendments
states, they need the constant personal aid and
attendance of another person. Those we put
with the highest class. Those who are inca-
pacitated for performingany manual labor, but
not so much so as to require constant personal
aid and attention, are placed in the* second
class, and those otherwise so disabled as to
materially interfere with the performance of
manual labor without wholly incapacitating
them therefor are made a third class, including
those who lost one hand, and so on, while the
fourth class is composed of those who receive
the regular pension of privates, eight dollars
per month.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The amendment just
agreed to is on transposing those words, I
suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
amendment that was read, striking out the
word "now5' is the one on which the Senate
has just voted. The next amendment in order
will be read.
The Secretary read the next amendment,
which was in section one, line twelve, after
the word "who" to insert "while in the mili-
tary or naval service and in the line of duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line fifteen after the word "same" to strike
out the words 44in the military or naval ser-
vice; and in the line of duty," and to insert:
Or otherwise so permanently and totally disabled
as to render them utterly helpless, or so nearly so as
to require the constant personal aid and attendance
of another person.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
twenty-three, after the word "same," to insert
the words:
Or otherwise so disabled as to be incapacitated for
performing any manual labor, but not so much so as
to require constant personal aid and attention.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line twenty-eight, after the word "same," to
insert the words wor otherwise so disabled
as to materially interfere with the performance
of manual labor, without wholly incapacitating
them therefor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The first section of the bill as amended reads
as follows:
That section five of an act entitled "An act sup-
plementary to an act entitled ' An act to srant pen-
sions,' approved July 14,1862," approved July 4,1864,
and section three of an act entitled " An aet sup-
plementary to the several acts relating? to pen-
sions," approved March 3,1865, be, and the same are
hereby, repealed, and the following shall stand in
lieu thereof. Thatfromand after the passage of this
act all persons by law entitled to a less pension than
hereinafter specified, who, while in the military or
naval service and in the line of duty, shall have lost
the sight of both eyes, or who shall have lost both
hands, or been permanently and totally disabled in
the same, [in the military or naval service and in the
lit « of duty,J orotherwisesopermanently and totally
disabled as ro render them utterly helpless, or ?o
nearly so as to require the constant personal aid aud
attendance of another person, shall be entitled to a
pension of twenty-five dollars per month; and all
persons who, under like circumstances, shall have
lost both feet, or one hand and one foot, or been
totally and permanently disabled in the same, or
otherwise so disabled as to be incapacitated for per-
forming any manual labor, but not so much so as to
require constant personal aid and attention, shall be
entitled to a pension of twenty dollars per month;
and all persons who, under like circumstances, shall
have lost one hand or one foot, or been totally or
permanently disabled in the same, or otherwise so
disabled as to materially interfere with the perform-
ance of manual labor, without wholly incapacitating
them therefor, shall be entitled to a pension of fifteen
dollars per month.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this or any other aet shall be so construed as to re-
-peal or modify the sixth section of an act entitled
"An act supplementary to an act to grant pensions
approved July 14,1862," approved July 4,1864, or to
entitle a person to receive more than one pension at
the same time.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In reference to that
amendment, I send to the Secretary a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior, which he
will please read down to the pencil marks on
the third page.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, I). C., April 4,1866.
Sir: I notice that the bill supplemental to the
existing laws in relation to pensions has passed the
House of Representatives and been repoi ted to the
Senate.
I have the honor to invite your attention to the
accompanying draft of two- additional sections. A
few words will suffice to explain their nature and
object.
The fourth section of the act of 1865 was drawn up
in this Department and was designed to define more
clearly the rights of the children of a soldier, sailor,
or officer who dies leaving a widow. Serious doubts
were entertained whether under the preexisting law
the children were entitled to a pension if he left a
widow, although she died or remarried before the
children attained the age of sixteen years. The
words "if there be no widow" were construed to
refer to the period of the soldier's death. The sec-
tion was therefore incorporated in the bill and is a
substantial reenaetuient of a corresponding provision
of the act of 1862, making only such changes as were
required to determine with more precision and clear-
ness the rights of the children where there was a
widow, or in the event of her subsequent marriage
or death. It was not intended to affect the sixth
section of the aet of 1864, which is justly regarded by
the Pension Bureau as a salutary provision. It may,
however, have such effect, and the first section of the
draft was prepared to obviate that construction.
It also declares that no person shall receive more
than one pension at the same time; the act of 1862
contains such a provision, but it is sometimes con-
tended that it relates only to pensions authorized by
that act. The words in the draft are sufficiently
broad and comprehensive to relieve the question
from all doubt.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert as an additional section the following:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That so much of
the fourth section of an act entitled "An act supple-
mentary to an aet entitled 'An act to grant pen-
sions/ approved July 14,1862," approved July 4,1864,
as authorizes and empowers the Commissioner of
Pensions to detail clerks in his office be, and the same
is hereby, repealed, and the Secretary of the Inteiior
shall hereafter detail clerks in the Department, or in
one of the bureaus thereof, for the purposes in said
section mentioned, or to secure the more effectual
execution of the pension laws and the rights of pen-
sioners; but clerks so detailed shall not for any special
service be entitled to additional compensation be-
yond the customary per diem and mileage.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I ask the Secretary
to read the balance of the letter that I sent to
the desk.
The Secretary read, as follows ;
You will perceive that the remaining section re-
peals a part of the fourth section of the act of July
4,1864. and substitutes another provision. It is not
proposed to repeal the whole section, as that would
revive the twelfth section of the act of 1862. which
was found in practice to be objectionable. The pro-
vision which is substituted confers upon the Secre-
tary ot the Interior, who, as you are aware, has the
supervisory control over the Pension Bureau, the
power to detail clerks, which that section confers,
for certain specific purposes, upon the Commissioner
of Pensions. This power should, in my opinion, be
exercised by the head of the Department^ and I
am not aware of another instance in our legislation
where it has been withdrawn from him and vested in
a bureau office. The power to detail clerks to exam-
ine and report in regard to any branch of the public
service, under thecharge of a Department, may justly
be considered as incidental to the authority \ ested
by law in the head of such Department, and I respect-
fully submit that such power should not be lodged
elsewhere. The first clause of the second section of
the draft repealing in pait the fourth section cf the
act of 1864, might perhaps accomplish the purpose,
butit may bo proper that the power of the Secretary
to detail a clerk for the purposes mentioned in the
draft should be unequivocally recognized by Con-
gress-. The concluding portion of the draft excludes
the claim of such clerk to any additional compensa-
tion for such special service, and allows him nothing
beyond his traveling and other incidental expenses.
In that respect it conforms to the existing ubage of
the Department.
I recommend the adoption of these two sections.
I am. sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES HARLAN,
iSecretary.
Hon. Henry S. Lane^ Chairman Committee on Pen-
sions, United States Senate,
Mr. VAN WINKLE. This amendment and
the preceding one were brought to the notice
of the committee after they had agreed to report
this bill, and a majority of the committee as-
sented to them and ordered them to be reported
with the bill. I was one of those so assenting.
As there was no discussion, or not much dis-
cussion of the matter in committee, I cannot
repeat the views of the other members of the
committee who are here to speak for themselves.
But since I gave my assent to this amendment
I have reflected somewhat on the subject, and,
while I cannot say I have come to a different
conclusion, I think there are some doubts as to
the propriety of this change. Previous to the
act of 1862 relating to pensions, these agents
were clerks appointed by the Commissioner of
Pensions. The act of 1862 provided for the
appointment of special agents where frauds
were suspected upon the pension laws to go and
examine into them; and as the Secretary of
the Interior states in his letter, and as I have
been assured by the Commissioner of Pensions,
it was found not to work well. These special
agents having no familiax-ity with the business
of the office, with the papers, or anything else
connected with it, were not able to discharge
the duties as efficiently as those who were bet-
ter acquainted with the office, or to make as
intelligent a report as the service of the office
required. Accordingly, at the instance of the
Pension Bureau, I believe a section was added
in the law of 1864, placing thcthingback where
it had stood previously, without any law, and
authorizing the Commissioner of Pensions to
detail clerks in his Department to go and in-
spect the various pension offices if he should
think there was occasion for it.
The Secretary of the Interior in his letter
asks that this be changed, and that theappoint-
ment or designation of those clerks for this
purpose may be given to him instead of the
Cammissioner of Pensions, and if I recollect
rightly, he places it on the ground that being
the head of the Department he ought to have
that power and it ought not to be exercised by
one of his subordinates. The doubt that has
arisen in my mind arises from the peculiar con-
struction of the Interior Department. In the
Treasury, Post Office, and other Departments,
all the actions of the various bureaus are con-
verging to one point as it were; but in the In-
terior Department it seems to be different. The
Pension Office, the Patent Office, the Land
Office, and perhaps others, seem to be almost
separate and independent offices. It appears
to me that in those cases where the head of
the bureau is charged with the administration,
as it were, of the whole law in relation to a
given subject, such as pensions, patents, or
lands, where there is a peculiar responsibility
devolving upon him, particularly in relation to
the detection of frauds, he should have the
power of appointment. Without saying that I
have fully come to the conclusion that this
change should not be made, thatisthe present,
tendency of my mind, and I should like to hear
the views of those who are more experienced,
or at any rate that the subject should receive
the consideration of the Senate before (lie
amendment is adopted.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I am satisfied that the
Secretary of the Interior should have the au-
thority that this amendment provides for. I
cannot conceive of a Department being properly
carried on where there is independent action
on the part of one bureau of the others and
of the Secretary. It is perfectly easy for
the Commissioner to consult the Secretary,
and to hear any objections that he may have.
Where this is done, where the heads of the
