1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1939
bureaus act under the superintendence of the
Secretary, all goes on right, and there is no
trouble; but where they act independent of
him, there is room for complaint. There must
be one man at the head of' every one of these
Departments to wield control over it and all
the bureaus in it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The nature of this
amendment is just this : for the first fifty years
under the administration of the Pension Bureau
the Commissioner of Pensions had a right to
appoint special agents to investigate frauds.
Some two years ago that right was given to the
Secretary of the Interior. Last year that was
repealed and it was placed back again in the
hands of the Commissioner of Pensions. Now,
this is a proposition to place the power to ap-
point these agents in the hands of the Secretary
of the Interior. That is the amendment founded
upon the letter of the Secretary of the Interior.
I myself think these appointments should be
made by the head of the bureau. He is more
familiar with the character and qualifications
of his own clerks than any one else can be. If
frauds are perpetrated in the bureau, he, and
no one else, is responsible for those frauds.
Another reason is that the clerks in that bureau
are familiar with the details of that office and
more efficient than any one detailed from the
whole of the Interior Department could possi-
bly l)e. Without having any feeling about it,
my impression is that the amendment should
not be adopted. It was reported by the com-
mittee simply to get the sense of the Senate as
to whether this power should be given to the
Secretary of the Interior or remain with the
Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. l'OMEROY. I think the amendment
as it was reported from the committee is right.
This idea of allowing heads of bureaus to send
off agents, independent of the Secretary, may
work very well when we have good heads of
bureaus ; but all these heads of bureaus have
to repoit to the Secretary ; he is the real head,
and responsible for the transaction of the whole
business of the department.
Mr. JOHNSON. How is it now?
Mr. POMEROY. As thelaw now stands, the
heads of the different bureaus may send out
their clerks without consulting the Secretary
of the Interior. As the law is to be, if this
amendment should be adopted, the Secre-
tary of the Interior will send them out. Of
course he is the man that ought to do it, as
he is responsible for the whole Department,
and ought to be allowed to send out such
clerks as he may choose. I think the amend-
ment is clearly right.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from Kansas whether there has been any abuse
during the last year that requires a change of
the law.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that there
has been any abuse; but this amendment,
giving the Secretary of the Interior charge
over this subject, makes the Interior Depart-
ment in harmony with the other Departmeuts
of the Government. In the Treasury Depart-
ment no particular bureau sends off a man to
investigate a fraud, but the Secretary of the
Treasury does it. He details clerks from the
Department; and why the Secretary ol the
Interior should not have the same right that
the other heads of Departments of the Gov-
ernment have I cannot understand. I recol-
lect that two years ago we passed a law giving
this power to the Secretary of the Interior.
Subsequently, in some way or other, that law
was repealed, and it was given to the Com-
missioner of Pensions. Now, the proposition
is to restore it again to the Secretary of the
Interior, and I think that is where it should be.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
if in the Treasury Department the heads of the
National Currency Bureau and the Internal
Revenue Bureau do not conduct their own
affairs and make their own appointments.
Mr. POMEROY. I think not; only through
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Are you sure of that?
Mr. POMEROY. That is the way I under-
stand it. I know that is so with regard to the
Internal Revenue Bureau, and I suppose it is
true of the others.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My point is this: I
cannot see any necessity for changing a law
against which there is no complaint. I am
perfectly willing to give this power to the Sec-
retary of the interior; but to take it away
from the Commissioner, who has special charge
of this business, would seem to be a reflection
upon him, and I should be reluctant to change
a little matter of this sort when there is no
complaint of the law as it now stands.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose the Secretary
of the Interior did not consider it a reflection
on him when it was taken away from him by
the law passed two years ago. I know of no
reason why it should be so considered.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The Senator from
Kansas is mistaken in saying that the power
has been taken away from the Secretary of the
Interior. Previous to the act of 1862 it was a
mere usage which had grown up in the Depart-
ment, and it is not proposed to change what
was then done, except as to the mode of ap-
pointment. But in 1861:, as I have already
stated, a law was passed authorizing the ap-
pointment of special agents for this purpose ;
but, as stated by the Secretary of the Interior
and the Commissioner of Pensions, it was found
not to operate well in practice, and then they
returned to the old usage, but under the sanc-
tion of law. It is no reflection in that way. The
Commissioner of Pensions is now by law author-
ized to appoint examining surgeons and other
officers connected with the details of his office;
and it appears to me, as has been already sug-
gested, that this is a matter that is entirely
within the proper duties of the Pension Office.
It is not like sending Treasure* agents to go
South and investigate cotton sales and things
of that kind, but it is the overseeing of the
various pension agents throughout the country,
and that devolves, it appears to me, especially
upon the Commissioner of Pensions, he being
in fact the responsible man for all that is done.
In that view X am inclined to think that he
should have the selection of these agents.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I have already said that
in my judgment it is proper that this amend-
ment should be adopted, and that the Secretary
of the Interior should be recognized as the chief
officer of that Department, without whose sanc-
tion nothing could be done. This idea of set-
ting out independent bureaus here and giving
them authority independent, of the Secretary
of the Interior will lead to no good, but must
necessarily lead to harm. Ambitious individ-
uals will draw to themselves the patronage
which the chief of the Department ought to
have. I can say for myself, that there never
was a time, when I was in the Treasury, where
I had a good officer that I did not consult him
upon the propriety of all selections of this sort.
At that time officers were appointed to exam-
ine the various ports of the country, to investi-
gate frauds, to investigate the coinage, and
everything of that kind, and while I was in the
Department all this was done under my sanc-
tion, but not without consultation with the indi-
vidual who had charge of that particular branch
of the Department. It worked well, and it
ought so to work. No man in any of our De-
partments should feel himself in any respect
independent of the head of that Department.
You cannot have one of the Departments gov-
erned well unless it is under the control of the
man who is at the head of it. You hold him
responsible, and he ought to be held responsi-
ble, and he ought to know everything that is
done in the office, who is sent out and who is
not sent out, and what the qualifications of the
persons sent out are. It is proper that he should
know it. and in order that everything may be
done right, it is necessary that he should
know it.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays on the amendment, and they were ordered;
and being taken resulted—yeas 18, nays 11 ;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Cragin,
Fessenden, Guthrie, Howard, Johnson, Kirkwood,
Morrill, Norton. Pomeroy, Ra.nsey, Sprague, Stew-
art, Trumbull, AVilley, and Williams—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cowan, "Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hendricks, Lane of Indiana, Morgan,
Van "Winkle, Wade, and Yates—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Conn ess, Creswell, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Kdmunds, Harris, Henderson, Howe, Lane
of Kansas, McDougall, Hesmith, Nye, Poland,
Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman,"Sumner, Wilson, and
Wright—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I offer, not on behalf
of the committee, an amendment which I send
to the Chair, to insert as an additional section
the following;
^ And be it further enacted, That the fourteenth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act supplementary to an
act entitled ' An act to grantpensions,' appro ved July
14,1862," approved July 14,1864, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed, and that the widows and children
of colored soldiers and sailors who have been, or may
be hereafter, killed, or who have died, or may here-
after die, ot wounds received in battle, or of disease
contracted in the military or naval service of the
United States and in the line of duty, shall beentitled
to receive the pensions provided bylawwithoutother
evidence of marriage than proof satisfactory to the
Commissioner of Pensions that, the parties had habit-
ually rccostnized each other as man and wife, and
lived together as such for a definite period, not less
than two years next preceding the enlistment of the
man; and thechildren born ofanymarriage so proved
shall be deemed and taken to be the children of the
soldier or sailor and the part;; thereto: Provided,
however. That if any such soldier or sailor and-the
woman alleged to be his widow, resided, previously
to the enlistment of the former, in any State in which
the marriage between them might have been legally
solemnized, the usual evidence of marriage shall bo
required.
My attention was called to this subject by a
proposition introdnced by the junior Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson-] the other
day in reference to the bounties of colored
soldiers. I had in fact shown him this amend-
ment, which 1 believe met his approbation.
The necessity for it arises from several consid-
erations. Some change in the nature of things
was required since the original provision on
this subject was passed. Perhaps I can more
shortly explain it to the Senate by stating
wherein this amendment differs from the law
that was passed in 1864; and, with the per-
mission of the Senate, I will state a little his-
tory of that provision.
A bill came from the House of Representa-
tives, I think, containing a provision in refer-
ence to these marriages. There was a third
committee of conference on the bill, of which
I was a member, and the Senator from Ver-
mont who died recently [Mr. Foot] was the
chairman or leading manager on the part of
the Senate. There was a great difference of
opinion among the managers when they came
together. I went into an explanation of the
nature of these marriages, and of the way these
people lived together. The Senator from. Yer-
mont seized upon the idea and prepared the
section upon which not only that committee
unanimously agreed, although it included some
of those who were supposed to be inimical to
these soldiers, but it met the immediate ap-
proval of the Senate and the House. I remem-
ber it was about midnight when we went into
committee.
I propose, as one change, to introduce into
this act sailors as well as soldiers. I propose,
also, to confine the time to the period of two
vears next preceding the enlistment of the
man ; and I do that upon this consideration :
by the accidents of the war many of these
people were driven from their homes, and
probably driven into States where their mar-
riages might have been legaiiy solemnized;
but, under the circumstances, it was hardly to
be expected that their attention would be called
to it. Again, I think it is very probable,
although they have been taken in charge now
by others, and have been free for some time,
that those marriages have not been solemnized
as rapidly, perhaps, as they should have been.
This is therefore drawn to meet that case, that
if they lived previous to the enlistment in any
place where the marriage might have been sol-
emnized, then this proof will not be sufficient.
I have also introduced a_ provision that the
children born of any marriage so proved shall
be deemed and taken to be the children of the
