1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3859
They show that touching at the Sandwich Islands,
on the return from China, would prolong the voyage
so many days unnecessarily that nu additional line
of steamers must soon be established, jn-ovided the
intercourse between China and America is to acquire
that importance which is coniidently expected."
This concerns the voyage from Japan to San
Francisco. But Admiral Davis is also against
stopping at the islands on the outward voyage.
It seems clear, then, that the Japanese line,
in order to be effective and to accomplish what
is so much desired, must be left to itself with-
out being obliged to turn aside for any inci-
dental purpose. It must be a Japanese line
and nothing else; and you must not forget that
just in proportion as you impose upon it any
additional obligations you will impair its effi-
ciency as one of the splendid links of commerce
destined to put a girdle round the globe.
I am ready, therefore, to release the Japan-
ese line from stopping at the Sandwich Islands ;
but at the same time I declare my hope that
some other means will bo found to secure a
line to these islands.
In releasing the company from this service,
I am willing to leave to them the full subsidy
already appropriated. But I think they should
be held to shorten their voyage in proportion
to the time gained. This provision will remove
an objection which has been made. I offer the
following amendment to come in at the end of
the resolution:
And provided further. That the schedule time of the
route fixed by the existing contract shall be reduced
not less than ten days for each round voyage.
I hope that my friend from California will
accept this amendment.
Mr. GIUMES. I have an advantage over
the Senator from Massachusetts in this matter.
I have no difficulty in reaching the conclusion
to which I think I ought to come in regard to
this subject. There are no conflicting interests
in my State behind me pulling me different
ways. There is no China trade that is peculiar
to my State which may be interested in making
quick passages; nor on the other hand is there
a large whaling interest that may be interested
in touching at the Sandwich Islands. I ean
readily conceive that in the division of counsels
there; must be among those men who approach
the Senator from Massachusetts on this subject,
it is difficult for him to reach an accurate con-
clusion, even according to his own judgment,
because it is the interest of the large wealthy
men in Boston and New York, who have houses
at Canton and Shanghai and Hong Kong and
other Chinese and Japanese ports, that there
should be as speedy a passage as possible from
San Francisco to their respective houses on the
west coast of Asia; and if you could approach
those gentlemen in New York and Boston who
are interested in those houses I suspect you
would find that they would be unanimously in
favor of such a proposition, and so far as their
influence goes jn the Chamber of Commerce in
New York, I have no doubt it has been exerted
in favor of such a propositon; but go to New
Bedford and Provincetown, and among the
commercial men where wealth has not been so
greatly concentrated as it has been in New
York and Boston, and I apprehend you will
find that there there is almost a uniform senti-
ment in favor of this company being compelled
to maintain its original contract, and touch at
Honolulu.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if that is not a very good argu-
ment in favor of this resolution—the fact that
men who are interested in attempting to build
up this trade see the necessity of quick pas-
sages. The object of the subsidy was to build
up the trade.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think it is a good
argument in favor of the measure. I think the
interest of the Governmentwouldbe most sub-
served by requiring these parties to perform
their contract and touch at both places pre-
cisely as they agreed to do. What difference does
it make to us wliother the steamers of this com-
pany, which must make, according to the terms
of the contract, twelve round trips in the year,
make the passage in thirty-one days between
Hong Kong and San Francisco, or make it in
twenty-six days? It may be some advantage
to a particular man on <jur eastern coast; but
it is of no particular advantage to the Govern-
ment, so far as I can see. While it is an ad-
vantage to one particular man that there should
be that speedy communication, it is an advan-
tage to fifty men that the vessels should touch
at Honolulu. The navigation of the country,
the commerce of the country, and the naval
interests of the country, as I undertook to show
when this subject was under consideration be-
fore, require that these vessels should touch
at Honolulu, for that is the great rendezvous
of the whaling commcrcc, and at which nearly
every whaling vessel that we have in the Pacific
touches; furnishing an opportunity to the com-
mercial men in Maine, in Massachusetts, in
Connecticut, and in Rhode Island, to commu-
nicate with their vessels that are employed in
the Pacific ocean.
Mr. President, it is rather too warm to dis-
cuss this subject much to-day. I have only to
say that the issue is fairly presented before us,
whether or not we shall allow this exceedingly
rich company, that has entered into a contract
with us to perform certain services upon pay-
ment by us to that company of half a million
dollars a year, to be released from the terms
of that contract, without any attempt hardly to
perform the contract, without having, at any
rate, attempted to make a single trip, without
consideration, and without restoring to us or
proposing to restore to us any portion of the
half a million of dollars which wo-have agreed
to give them provided they will fulfill their
part of the contract.
Mr. President, I had occasion the other day
to see some comments that were made upon an
observation that I dropped in the Senate here,
that it was very important that these packets
should be compelled to touch at*Hono!ulu 011
account of the interest that our Navy had in
the subject; and I believe there were some
remarks that indicated that that was a most
extraordinary proposition. Why, sir, Great
Britain requires her vessels to touch at not
less than fifteen different ports for no other
purpose than to keep up a constant communi-
cation with her naval vessels throughout the
world; and, as I said then, the fact that we
shall thus be enabled to communicate with
our naval vessels at the Saudwich Islands and
in those seas, was one of the reasons why I
was reconciled to the passage of the original
bill over a year ago. Now, sir, suppose we
pass this resolution; what does the Senator
from Massachusetts tell us? He says that he
•trusts that he shall have the privilege at the
next session of Congress of voting another
subsidy to establish a line between San Fran-
cisco and Honolulu.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is the intention, I
believe.
Mr. GRIMES. And I understand from the
friends of this resolution that that is the inten-
tion. There is the issue. 1 have nothing fur-
ther to say upon it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I had
the opportunity to advocate this measure ori-
ginally, and to represent it next to the then
chairman of the Post Office Committee, Mr.
Collamcr, who is not now among us. It has
been a long time desired by the people of the
commercial cities of the East and the far West
to establish a communication, that should over-
come competition on the part of England and
France, from our western coast to China and
India. The original bill was framed with that
purpose, and at the same time the Sandwich
Islands were embraced. The spectacle was
then presented of legislation by persons who
were not practical masters of the particular
subject-matter. I was not, nor was my col-
league, Mr. Latham, who was then in the Sen-
ate with myself, when the measure was first
introduced, practically acquainted with the sub-
ject. It turns out to be true that by the laws
of the winds and the waves it is much more
convenient and much more economical to go
by a far northern line; that is to take two turns.
One is the great circle which makes a shorter
distance between the two extremes, as known
to all persons who know anything about navi-
gation; and then the currents of the Yellow
and North Asiatic seas throwing themselves
on our western coast, carry them down; and it
makes a much shorter trip from Victoria, the
principal possession of England on our western
continent, than it would be if wc had to run
by the Sandwich Islands on the route to Hong
Kong or Shanghai.
The object of this amendment is to enable
our vessels to run to Japan and China and the
Indies and compete with the vessels of two
European Powers that have already been put
upon the sea. The subsidy afforded is nothing
in comparison to the interest engaged. If
it should be true that a subsidy will be asked
for to carry the mail from San Francisco to
Honolulu, it would not be a bad policy. We
have got many lessons to learn yet. We ought
to learn lessons from the history of States
where the science and art of government and
public policy arc cultivated. There would be
no question about this if it were a measure
before the British Parliament, because the
economy and advantage of a direct line, so as
to compete successfully with France, would
establish the conclusion itself, and the giving
of $50,000 as a subsidy for a mail between San
Francisco and Honolulu would be a mere baga-
telle. We have (and I choose to say it now)
lost much in being afraid to embark in enter-
prises in the way of development and in the
way of profit and in the way of trade.
This enterprise is one in which the people of
our whole country arc interested. If it ean be
improved so as to outrival Great Britain and
France, it should be so improved. The meas-
ure as it i? now proposed will enable us to out-
rival them on the Pacific ocean. There is the
greatest field there is in the world for great en-
terprise. The wealth of China and the wealth
of the Indies wo have hardly touched. We
have never commenced to command it. We
are in a position to command the wealth of
China and the Indies, and all policies tending
thereto should be pursued with carefulness and
with earnestness; and this is one of them.
Those persons who say now that they can better
compete against opposition by abandoning this
idea of touching at Honolulu are men of ex-
perience. The Chamber of Commerce of the
city of San Francisco are men of eminent abil-
ity; and they and the Chamber of Commerce
of New York and commercial men—for it is a
question of commerce to'begin with—know
more about these things than men who are
mere speculators in this Chamber. My opinion
is that it would be for the advantage of the
country to release this company from this obli-
gation ; and when they are released from the
obligation, then I or my colleague or some-
body else will ask for a communication with
Honolulu.
Mr. CONNESS. I was enabled to get this
resolution before the Senate this morning by
the kindness of the Senator from Michigan,
and others interested in the pending measure,
and therefore cannot be provoked into a length-
ened discussion upon the subject.
I was a little surprised, and at the same time
pleased, to discover the real secret, perhaps, of
the opposition of the honorable Senator from
Iowa when he was upon the floor. Ho stated
that lie was unembarrassed upon this subject;
that he did not come from a State that had
anybody in it interested in making short voy-
ages to Japan and China, or from there to the
United States; nor was ho embarrassed by
having anybody in his State interested in mak-
ing short voyages between San Francisco and
the Sandwich Islands. I regret very much
that considerations of that kind should enter
into the discussion of a subject of the magni-
tude of the one that we now have before uss.
From the isolated position that I myself oc-
cupy in the Union, as a citizen of California,
if 1 were to pursue the same rule, I should be
at time? illiberal arid ungenerous toward many
other States of the Union, and toward some
