1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2899
why strike at the men who, of all others, are
most influential and can bring about the end
which we all have at heart? That my friend
from Indiana properly construes the obligation
of that oath I hare no doubt. I think every
lawyer in the Senate would say, every states-
man within the sound of my voicc would say,
that for no act done after the termination of
the official term of the officer, inconsistent with
the Constitution of the United States, by him
who had been the incumbent of the office, could
he bo indicted for perjury; and if'he could not
be indicted for perjury, it could only be because
the legal obligation of the oath—I am not
speaking now of the moral obligation—expired
at the termination of the term of office to which
the party had been elected or appointed.
Then as to the moral obligation, what does
it add to the force of that moral obligation
which allegiance as between the Government
and the party owing the allegiance creates?
Treason has been committed against the United
States, according to the letter of the law and
according to our understanding of the law; but
it is neither more nor less treason, it is not a
milder or more aggravated type of treason,
because the parties who may have committed
it may at some time or other have taken an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States. If any man was indicted who had not
taken that oath, he could not be permitted to
urge in his defense or in extenuation of his
crime that he had never taken an oath to sup-
port the Constitution.
But this amendment does not go far enough.
I suppose the framers of the amendment
thought it was necessary to provide for such an
exigency. I do not see but that any one of
these gentlemen may be elected President or
Vice President of the United States, and why
did you omit to exclude them? I do not under-
stand them to be excluded from the privilege
of holding the two highest offices in the gift of
the gill ion. No man is to be a Senator or Rep-
resentative or an elector for President or Vice
President  
Mr. MORRILL. Let me call the Senator's
attention to the words "or hold any office,
civil or military, under the United States."
Mr. JOHNSON. Perhaps I am wrong as
to the exclusion from the Presidency; no doubt
I am; but 1 was misled by noticing the spe-
cific exclusion in the case of Senators and
Representatives. But I submit to the Senate
whether it is advisable, whether it is politic,
looking to the end which we all seek to accom-
plish, the true restoration of the Union, a union
of hearts as well as a union of hands, that you
should exclude the large mass of people from
participating in the honors of the Government
who will be excluded by this provision.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I am inclined to vote for
this amendment without going into a criticism
upon the legal effect of the oath. I am against
the section altogether on account of its pro-
scriptive nature. I will vote for the amend-
ment, because if it be adopted it will reduce
the number to whom the section will apply. I
should he glad if now, after having been so
many months in session, we had agreed among
ourselves as to the conciliation of the South,
because conciliation at last is our only true
policy; for unless we come to agree with each
otherj unless we are able again to meet and
unite in these Halls as citizens and represent-
atives of a common country, to shape the des-
tinies of that country in Congress, to direct it
against embattled nations, if it shall become
necessary, we are not a united people.
This third section is not an act of concilia-
tion, it is an act of proscription. It is true it
is not as extensive as the third section sent to
us from the other House was. I think we have
gained an advantage in that respect. That
measure was intended to proscribe all the act-
ive population of the rebel States, because they
all stood by the southern movement. This sec-
tion as it now stands certainly proscribes the
representative men of the South, the men who
had influence, and who still have influence in
their localities, and who can do more in the
work of conciliation here and elsewhere than
all the men that you leave out of it. They are
the representative men of the South, they have
the confidence of the people of that section of
the country. I think they have given abundant
evidence that they are satisfied that they have
tried the game of secession and given it up
honestly and entirely, and are willing to come
back to join in tho Government heart and hand,
and carry forward its flag, looking to the bright
destiny of this nation in tho future. The amend-
ment will make the section less prescriptive,
diminish the number which fall victims under
its rule, and for that reason I shall vote for it.
Now is the hour for conciliation, now is the
time to trust in the South.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is proper, perhaps,
I should say that I do not expect to vote for
the third section whether the amendment which
I propose be adopted or not; but I suppose
that 1 understood the purpose of the caucus,
from which this amendment came, to be to
exclude the men who violated their oath of
office when they went into the rebellion, who
added moral perjury to the crime of violating
their allegiance. I thought the language went
further than the caucus intended, and therefore
I moved this amendment with a view of con-
fining the section to the very case which I had
a right to presume was intended to be met.
If my amendment be adopted, it will leave the
section to exclude all persons who at the time
they went into tho rebellion were under tho
obligation of an official oath to support the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask my friend,
the Senator from Indiana, whether it excludes
those who resigned an office in the United
States Army, for instance, for ^he purpose of
going into the rebellion. Does not his amend-
ment exclude from tho operation of the section
those who held office under the United States,
resigned it, and then went into the insurrection,
as in the case of General Lee ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think not. If the Sen-
ator will observe the language he will see that
it has not the effect which he fears. I use the
words "during the term of his office." A
man's term does not expire bccause he resigns
his office. If a man holds an office the term
of which the law fixes at four years, the term
is four'years. If he holds an office during good
behavior, the term is thus fixed; the resigna-
tion of an officer does not put an end to the
term ; that is judicially settled. In some of the
States, for political purposes, it is provided in
the constitution that a man elected to a judi-
cial office shall not, during the term of the office
for which he was elected, be eligible to any
other office. Judicial officers holding office
under a constitution like that have resigned
during the term and been elected to other
offices, executive, perhaps, in their character,
and the courts have always hold that they
could not take the office to which they were
elected when the term of the previous office
was fixed by law. That is clear law, I pre-
sume, so that I think the word "term" ex-
cludes all men who, at the lime they went into
the rebellion, were under the obligation of an
official oath to support the United States Con-
stitution.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I hope the Senator
will make that point clear.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Ifthesewordswillmake
it any more conclusive, I am willing to say,
"during tho term of office for which he was
electedor appointed;" but I think the expres-
sion "during the term of tho office" is equally
comprehensive.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that it is
worth while to discuss the precise effect of the
amendment, because I think the Senator from
Indiana is satisfied that his amendment will
not prevail; but the objection which occurred
to me the moment it was offered was, that it
would relieve from the operation of the third
section the very men who ought to be excluded
from ever hereafter holding office under the
United States. Take the case ofSenators hold-
ing seats as members of this body who resigned
their seats here and went directly to the South
and took up arms. The term of their office
in some cases expired by limitation on the 4th
of March after they retired from here, and
before they actually took up arms; and yet, on
leaving this Senate Chamber, they proceeded
to the South and organized rebellion, and they
would be relieved from the operation of this
section by the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
So in the case of officers of the Army and
Navy, all of whom had sufficient respect for
the oath w^ich they had taken to resign their
offices and to see carefully that their resigna-
tions were accepted, so that the termination of
their office was authenticated in the records of
the War Department and the Navy Depart-
ment. Then, having put an end to their offices
under the United States, they proceeded to the
South and organized rebellion against the Gov-
ernment of the United States. They would, in
my judgment, be relieved from the operation of
the third section. •
But I take it all of us understand the mean-
ing of the third section. It is that, for a time
at least, all who have violated not only the let-
ter but the spirit of the oath of office they took
when they became officers of the United States,
juid took the oath to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall not hold office until
a state of affairs shall come when two thirds
of both Houses may, by a general amnesty,
wipe out all these disabilities: and it seems to
me that this is a reasonable stipulation, one
that the United States may^exact. After the
attempted revolution in England in 1745, the
English Government was considered extremely
liberal when, two years after the Pretender had
been overthrown by force of arms, all the pains
and penalties imposed by Great Britain on his
adherents were removed, except the power to
hold office ; and I believe all who took part in
that rebellion were forever disfranchised from
holding an office of honor, trust, or profit in
tho kingdom of Great Britain. It was consid-
ered extremely liberal that all the other penal-
ties of treason were removed.
The effect of this section is simply to remove
all the penalties that rest on these men for
treason except the power to hold office; and
if a new generation of men should hold all the
offices in the southern States; if the young men
who are now growing up should hold all the
offices of honor, trust, and profit there, I think
no harm would result. If those men who have
once taken an oath of office to support the
Constitution of the United States and have
violated that oath in spirit by taking up arms
against the Government of the United States
are to be deprived for a time at least of hold-
ing office, it is not a very severe stipulation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 84 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buekalow, Davis, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks, Johnson, Riddle, Saulsbury, and Van Win-
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Cowan,
Conness. Cragin, Creswcll. Doolittle, Edmunds, jFes-
senden, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Henderson,Howard,
Howe. Kirkwofd, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, Morgan, Morrill, Korton, Nye, Poland, Ponie-
roy, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Irumbull,
Wade. Willey, Williams, and Wilson—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Dixon, MeDougall,^es-
inith. Sprague, Wriglit. andYates—7.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move now to amend the
amendment by striking oat all after "States''
in line thirty-five down to tho word "State
in line thirty-six. The' words which I propose
to strike out are "or as a member of any State
Legislature, or as an executive or judicial offi-
cer" of any State." I ask for the yeas and
nays on this.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. I am opposed io this seetiop
m toto. I am opposed to the infliction of
punishment of any kind npon anybody unless
by fair trial where the party himself is sum-
moned and heard in due course of law. I am
