1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1M1
Mr. G-RINNELL. Let me say that at the
last session I denominated, the gentleman from
the'Eriedistrict [Mr. Scofikuj] the "free-hgbt
man," and I think he deserved the honor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield now for a few-
moments to my colleague, [Mr. Lawrence.}
Mr. LAWRENCE, 0f Pennsylvania. I de-
sire to say for myself that on more than one
occasion 1 have called on the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means on this very
subject, and have submitted a memorial on the
subject to that committee. I have conversed,
also, with General Garfield, of Ohio, on the
subject.
Intelligent gentlemen from my district have
been here, and have been at my room over and
over again. I gave them the same assurance
that my colleague from the Brie district says
he gave these gentlemen who have misrepre-
sented the action of the Representatives from
western Pennsylvania. T have talked with all
of them, and it is the universal opinion of the
delegation that this tax should be reduced or
perhaps entirely abrogated. These gentlemen
have done injustice, and I presume inten-
tional injustice, to the members from western
Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I now yield for a few
moments to my colleague from the Pittsburg
district, [Mr. Moorhead.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I want to say a word
upon this subject, but not for the purpose of
excusing myself for anything I have done or
failed to do. At the last session of Congress
when the question of taxing petroleum crude
was before the House I was in favor of the
tax and advocated it strongly, and know that
in so doing, I incurred the displeasure of the
gentlemen who have made this report and the
persons they represent. I thought then that
this petroleum interest should contribute some-
thing toward the payment of the interest on our
debt I was in favor of the tax for that rea-
son. I have found that in practice it works
badly and operates very unfavorably on small
wells and small dealers. I think the taxation
should be laid on the large wells only, and I
would like to see something of that kind done.
I do not see, however, how it can well be done.
The gentlemen who have made this report
through the newspapers, when they were here
called on me, and I gave them the sameassur-
ar.ices which my colleague from the Erie dis-
trict gave them; I told them that, from my
intercourse with other members of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Meaus, I had reason to
believe that the tax would be repealed. I told
them that I was in favor of taking it off, and
tliat I had 110 doubt the Committee of W ays
and Means would so report. I can only say
that I ani astonished that they should have
made such a report as they have. The gentle-
man from the Erie district talked with me very
frequently on this subject, urging the taking
oif of the tax, even before he had any knowl-
edge of this committee being here; and he had
assurances from me and from other members
of the Committee of Ways and Means that we
be'ieved it would be taken off.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have only to say further
that I do not wish in any way to detract from
the credit given to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Gauficlp.] He deserves, perhaps, all
that is said of him. and the delegation from
western Pennsylvania deserve none of the
slander that is heaped upon them.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to say a word?
Mr. TAYLOR. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say in regard
to this matter, that I knew of no such report
as this being in the newspapers until the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] read
it this morning. As a member of the commit-
tee t his subject was in part referred to me, and
two delegations came on here from Pennsyl-
vania. some of the members of which were per-
sonally known to me, and they came to me. I
assisted them in getting facts from the internal
revenue department, as I would have done any
other committee, and I assured them also that
I had looked into the subject and believed that
crude petroleum ought to be exempted from
duty.
I am surprised at these statements mads
reflecting on the members from Pennsylvania,
because I know that three of them have spoken
to me several times upon the subject.
I suppose the chief reason why these parties
came to me was in consequence of a previous
acquaintance, and also for the reason that the
Representative of the oil region proper [Mr.
Culver] has hardly been in his seat this session.
Mr. SCHENCTC. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of committees for bills of a, private
nature, commencing with the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, where the call rested on last
Friday.
joseph bragdon, jk.
On motion of Mr. SPALDING, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Appropria-
tions was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Joseph Bragdon, jr.;
and the same was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(S. No. 31) entitled "An act to reimburse the
State of Missouri for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pro-
visioning militia forces to aid in suppressing
the rebellion when the Speaker signed the
same.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; which were thereupon signed by
the Speaker:
An act (H. R. No. 150) for the relief of the
administrators and securities of Almon W. Bab-
bitt, late secretary of Utah; and
An act (II. R. No. 471} to provide that the
"Soldier's Individual Memorial" shall be car-
ried through the mails at the usual rate of
printed matter.
MRS. MABTHA M'COOK.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back House joint reso-
lution No. 46, for the relief of Martha McCook,
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
The ioint resolution was read. It provides
a pension of $300 per annum to Mrs. Martha
McCook, of Jefferson county, Ohio, during her
natural life, on account of the loss of her un-
married sons, Charles M. McCook and Brigadier
General Robert L. McCook.
The substitute proposes to give Mrs. Martha
McCook an annuity during her natural life of
$250 per annum, to be paid semi-annually, in
consideration of the services of her husband
and eight sons in the late war, four of whom
have died of wounds received in service.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute. . .
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, in submitting
this resolution it seems proper that I should
state briefly the reasons which have actuated
the committee in recommending to the House
its favorable consideration.
The resolution proposes to grant to Mrs.
Martha McCook an annuity of $2-50 per annum
during life. The distinguished services of the
McCook family and their sacrifices are familiar
to every reader who has kept j>ace with the
rapid events which have passed in Such quick
succession during the past five years, yet I deem,
it not out of place, as it is the base upon which
this resolution stands, to recapitulate what may
be, and I have no doubt is, familiar to every
member of this House.
At the commencement of the recent war,
when the unity and perpetuation of our Gov-
ernment were threatened by the rebellion 01 the
so-called confederate States, nine of this fam-
ily, ail of its male members, with that patriotic
impulse which characterized the uprising of the
people of the loyal States, promply entered the
„„.we, and by their long and distinguished
services and many sacrifices proved their ear-
nestness and enduring devotion to the Union
cause. '
Major Daniel McCook, the lamented hus-
band of Mrs. Martha McCook. tfag mortally
wounded at the battle of Buffirigton Island,
Ohio, and died July 21, 1863.
Captain John James McCook servedon Gen-
eral Crittenden's staff, and was severely in-
jured in the neck by the effects of a large shot.
Major Latimore A. McCook, acting assistant
surgeon of the thirty-fifth Illinois volunteers,
was wounded twice.
Colonel George W. McCook, ninety-sixth
Ohio volunteers, organized five regiments, and
took the field himself.
Major General Alexander McDowell Mc-
Cook commanded the right wing of the army
of the Cumberland, and is still in the service.
Brevet Brigadier General Edwin Stanton
McCook was wounded three times, and while
engaged before Vicksburg was stricken down
with sunstroke, from the effects of which he
will never recover. This officer was engaged
in thirty-eight battles.
Private Charles Morris McCook, company F,
second Ohio volunteers, was mortally wounded
at the first battle of Bull Run, July 21, 1861,
and died two days after, he at the time being
but seventeen years of age.
Brigadier General Robert L. McCook, when
sick and on his way to a hospital, was cap-
tured in his ambulance and savagely murdered
by his captors August 6, 1862, he having been
engaged in many battles.
Brigadier General Daniel McCook was mor-
tally wounded at Kenesaw Mountain June 27,
1864, and died July 18, 1864.
Midshipman J. J. McCook died on board
the flagship Delaware, March 30, 1842.
Including the last named we have ten out
of one single family who have been actually
engaged in the military and naval service of the
country, four of whom were killed or died
from wounds received in action, one died from
sickness, three severely injured or wounded in
the service, and but two of the ten escaping
unharmed from the casualties of war.
Mr. Speaker, this is a record of which a na-
tion may well feel proud. I do not know that in
the history of the world there is a parallel case,
none I am certain in the history of our own
country, where so many of one family have
rendered such distinguished service, and so
many, by their own merit, bravery, and gallant
conduct on the field, entitled themselves to the
liigh and elevated rank which many of them
attained.
The object of this resolution is that the na-
tion should, in a substantial and fitting way,
acknowledge the unparalleled services of asm-
gle familyto the country in thehour of its peril,
and to express its gratitude to a lady who gave
birth to so many children, and to condole with
her in her bereavement for the loss of husband
and sons whose lives have been given that their
country might live.
Air Speaker, I have heard of but one objec-
tion to the passage of this resolution, and that
is its tendency to open the way for admitting
applicants for annuities for like services and
sacrifices. This objection may in truth be well
I founded. Ofthis, however, I have many doubts;
but if it be so, I shall be thankful and rejoice
to know it, and will take greatpleasure m doing
what I canto recognize their services in as pub-
lic and as substantial a manner as this resolu;
tion proposes to recognize the proud record of
the family of the McCooks. _
Now, unless some gentleman desires to speak
j upon this joint resolution, I will call the pre-
i vious question.
! Mr. PERHAM. I trust the gentleman from
I New York [Mr. Taylor] will not call the pre-
' vious question until the minority of the com-
! mittee have been heard. '
! Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw the call for the
I'previous question for the present.
I i Mr. PERHAM. I desire to submit a msior-
I! ity rcportj which to have read.
