1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
eral. AssistantsPostmasterGeneral, clerks, temporary
clerks, additional clerks, messengers, watchmen, la-
borers, and superintendent and clerks of the money-
order system, including the amounts appropriated for
the payment of twenty per cent, increase of certain
salaries, (all of the same being appropriations made
by Congress for the Post Office Department,) may be
transferred on the books of the Treasury Department
from the respective headings under which they are
now placed, to the credit of the Post Office Depart-
ment, to the general salary account of funds placed
to the credit of the Post Office Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury explaining the neces-
sity of the joint resolution, which may be read
if any Senator desires it.
Several Senators. There is no objection to
the resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
be to meet on Monday next.
PACIFIC COAST KAIIiliOAD.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up for consideration Senate
bill No. 133.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 133) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
waters of the bay of San Francisco to Humboldt
bay, in the State of California, was considered
as in Committee of the "Whole.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with amendments. The first amendment
of the committee was in section one, line three,
after the word "that" to insert the following
names of persons as commissioners under the
bill:
S. G. Whipple, George Noble, James W. Henderson,
Charles Minteron, Daniel Lobdcl, George Yost, W,
D. Miller, Benjamin Sch'enk, Joseph Woods, E. L.
Goold, Samuel F. Butterworth, L. L.Robinson, J. P.
Robinson. George A. Youle, John M. Carter, George
Field, C. H. Kennev, Frederick Graffe, Lewis Cooper,
Robert Grantz, J. B. Watson, S. G. Whipple.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last name. It appears
in two places.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. If the name
appears twicc, it is a clerical error and the last
name will be stricken out. The question is on
the amendment of the committee.
The amendmenfvas agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line twenty-seven, to strikeout the word ''par-
ties'' and insert "corporation."
The aniendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line four, to insert the words '' railroad and''
before the word "telegraph," .so as to read:
That there be, and is hereby, granted to the Pacific
Coast Eailroad Company, its successors and assigns,
for the purpose of aiding in the construction of the
said railroad and telegraph line, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line nine, to strike out the word "twenty" and
insert ten;" so as to read:
To the amount of ten alternate sections.per mile
on each side of said railroad lines, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line twenty-one, to strike out the word "forty"
and insert " twenty so as to read :
Other lands shall be selected by said company in
lieu thercol on the line of said road or its branches
within twenty miles of the same, &o.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line twenty-four, to strike outtheword "forty"
and insert "twenty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line twenty-five, after the word "provided," to
strike out the following words:
That all lands containing gold and silver be, and
the same are hereby, excluded from the operations of
this act, and in lieu thereof a like quantity of unoc-
cupied and unappropriated agri cultural lands in odd-
numbered sections, nearest to the lines of said road,
may be selected as above provided: And provided
farther.
So that the proviso irill read:
Provided, That the word "mineral," when it occurs
in this act, shall not be held to include iron or coal.
. Mr. CONNESS. That is simply a repetition,
and occurs in another place in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line six, to strike out the word "twenty" and
insert " ten;" so that it will read:
And if it shall appear that ten miles of said road
and telegraph line have been completed' in a good
and substantial manner, and in all respects as re-
quired by this act, the commissioners shall so report
to the Secretary of the Interior, and patents of lands#
as aforesaid, shall be issued to said company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line seventeen, after the word "completed" to
insert the words '' and within the limits pre-
scribed in section three of this act;" so that the
clause will read:
Then said company shall have a right to select such
lands on the lines of said road so constructed nearest
to the section of said road so completed, and within
the limits prescribed in section three of this aefc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
lines eighteen and twenty-three, to strike out
the word '' twenty'' and insert " ten."
Mr. CONNESS. That is to make the bill
conform to previous amendments.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, line
thirteen, after the word "rates," to insert "to
the Government of the United States or their
authorized officers or agents," so that the pro-
viso will read:
Provided, Thatsaid company shallnot charge higher
rates to the Government of the United States or their
authorized officers or agents than they do individuals
for like transportation and telegraphic service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. In the next section, sec-
tion the sixth, a slight amendment should be
made in order to make it conform to and be in
harmony with the rest of the bill. The word
" forty" in the third line should be stricken out
and " twenty" inserted. I move that amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That change
will be made if there is no objection, to make
the bill consistent with itself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to inquire
whether the resolution proposing a constitu-
tional amendment, which has been under dis-
cussion for some time, is not now in order, at
the expiration of the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and it becomes the duty
of tlie Chair to call up the unfinished business
of the last session.
Mr. POMEROY. We can dispose of this in
a minute.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator
from Maine that it will occupy but a moment
to go through with the amendments of the com-
mittee, and I hope that will be permitted to be
done. I shall not ask to consume any more
time than will be sufficient for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will proceed with the amendments reported by
the Committee on Public Lands to this bill;
and the joint resolution to amend the Consti-
tution will be laid aside temporarily for that
purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it go over inform-
ally.
The next amendment reported by the com-
mittee was in section seven, line seven, to strike
out the word "twenty" and insert "ten."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out. the
tenth section of the bill, in the following words:
Sec. 10. And be it further enaeted. That said Pacific
Coa«t Railroad Company, or any part thereof, shall
be a po.^t route and military railroad, subject to the
use of the United States for postal, military, naval,
and all other Government service, and also subject to
such regulations.as Congress may impose, restricting
the charges far such Government transportation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That com-
pletes the amendments proposed-by the Com-,
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. We have stricken out one'
section, and perhaps it may be necessary to
move that the sections be renumbered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is si
clerical correction which will be made without
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
^ KEPBESENTATIOST OF SOUTHERN STATES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (H. R. No. 51) proposing to amend
the Constitution of the United States being tho
unfinished business of the last day's session, is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Nye] is entitled to the floor upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator from
Nevada whether he will not give way for a mo-
tion which I propose to make, and of which I
gave notice on Wednesday. I desire to move
to take up the concurrent resolution from the
House of Representatives. I understand the
Senator to give way for that purpose, and I
move, therefore, that the further consideration
of this joint resolution be postponed, and that
we proceed to the consideration of the concur-
rent resolution of the House "to prohibit the
admission of Senators and Representatives into
either House of Congress from the States lately
in rebellion until Congress shall have declared
such States entitled to representation."
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I rarely
desire to differ with any one, especially among
my political friends, in regard to a question as
to the order of business; but I do think that
this is a question that ought not to be taken
tip at the present moment. The resolution,
although very brief, has just been laid upon
our table. It was introduced on the day pre-
ceding the day before yesterday in the House
of Representatives, the day the veto message
was under consideration here, and was passed
under great excitement. It is sent here and
is about to be discussed under a condition of
like excitement. No man can deny that this
is our condition. Every man feels in the at-
mosphere around him and in the circumstances
and events that are transpiring every day that
the public mind, even the mind of the Senate,
is not in that sober, deliberate tone which is
necessary for the discussion of grave questions
like this. Now, the proposition is made by the
honorable Senator from Maine to postpone all
the business of this great nation, including a
constitutional amendment reported by him-
self, and which he at the outset declared to be
among the most important acts of legislation,
a constitutional amendment regulating the basis
of representation—it is proposed to postpone
that amendment and all pending measures for
the purpose of considering this resolution.
Mr. President, what is the character of this
resolution ? It is simply a declaration of polit-
ical opinion. It will have neither the form nor
the sanction of law. It is not in the shape of
or intended to operate as a law. It is not to
be submitted to the President for his constitu-
tional approval. It is a concurrent declaration
of political opinion, introduced and passed in
the other House in the midst of excitement,
and we are called upon to pass on it while the
public mind and while we ourselves are more
or less affected by the surrounding circum-
stances. Now, T appeal to Senators whether
it is not better and wiser to allow this matter
to lie over for a few days. Is the mind of any
one here likely to be changed by a little delay?
Is it not a proper occasion for us at least to
postpone this for a little reflection and for a
little consideration ?
The honorable Senator from Maine, the day
before yesterday, on introducing this resolu-
tion, said it was the most important question
that could be presented to Congress, and I be-
lieve he said the most important question that
