im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 13,
The report was read. It states that while
the minority of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions recognize fully the distinguished services
of the McCook family, they are unable to see
why, from all the widows and mothers who
have given their husbands and sons to their
country's cause, this one should be selected to
receive this compliment and substantial aid.
The precedent would be a dangerous one, and
if followed and a similar gratuity given to all
who might as reasonably claim it., the draft
upon the national Treasury would be very large.
Many thousands of fathers and mothers who
have given all tlieir sons to the service will feel
that their claims are as good as this. Some
have already applied for pensions, and their
applications must be responded to favoiably or
they will feel that injustice has been done them.
Mrs. McCook is now in the receipt of a pen-
sion of $300 per annum, to which she is enti-
tled by the death of her husband in the service.
The minority of the committee therefore rec-
ommend that Mrs. McCook be allowed to take,
instead of the amount she now receives, a pen-
sion for the loss of her son, Brigadier General
Robert L. McCook, which would be $360 per
annum; and report an amendment to that
effect.
The amendment of the minority was read.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll the name of Mrs. Martha
McCook, the widow of Daniel McCook and the
mother of Robert L. McCook, at the rate of
thirty dollars per month during her widow-
hood, in lieu of the pension she now receives
of twenty-five dollars per month.
Mr. PERHAM. I was one of the minority
committee who were unable to come to the
same conclusion to which the majority of the
Committee on Invalid Pensions arrived in
regard to this subject. I have no reason to
detract at all from the just meed of praise that
is due to' this McCook family. I am willing to
grant all that is claimed in that respect.
But the question arises whether this country,
in its present financial embarrassment, is in a
condition to allow this class of stipends to all the
mothers and fathers who have given their sons
to the service of their country. There are thou-
sands of instances of poor mothers who have
been left, it may be, with a large family of small
children on tlieir hands for support, who are
receiving pensions of but eight dollars per
month, yet who have given to the country all
they had to give. Many of them have lost sons
in the service, and the minority of the commit-
tee are unwilling to select this one case, this
one lady, this one mother, however worthy she
may be, and give to her this stipend of the
Government while others are excluded. The
committee already have submitted to them for
consideration one case very similar to this in
regard to which they have presented an ad-
verse report. They have now before them the
case of a father who claims that he has given
to the service seven sons and one grandson,
and he asks that some consideration of this
kind be granted to him. The minority of the
committee fear tlie precedent which would be
established by the passage of the bill now under
consideration, and therefore tlipy object to its
passage.
Mr. THAYER. Does the gentleman mean
to say that in the instance he referred to the
seven sons and a grandson were killed in the
service ?
Mr.^ PERHAM. They were not killed but
were in the service.
Mr. THAYER. That is a very material dif-
ference ; and that distinguishes very decidedly
the case which he puts from the case now un-
der consideration.
Mr. PERHAM. The gentleman will bear
in mind that all the sons of Mrs. McCook were
not killed.
Mr. THAYER. Four of them were killed
in addition to her husband.
Mr. PERHAM. The minority of the com-
mittee desire that this question shall be pre-
sented distinctly, and shall be decided by the
House with a full understanding of the prece-
dent which will be established by the passage
of this bill. The action of the House on this
case may be regarded as an instruction to the
committee in similar cases which we now have
before us, and others which must come before us.
The minority of the committee propose that
the pension which Mrs. McCook is now receiv-
ing shall be increased from twenty-five to thirty
dollars per month, thus giving her the pension
to which she would be entitled in consequence
of the death of her son, who was a brigadier
general, instead of the pension for the death of
her husband, who was a major.
Mr. EGGLESTON. It is very seldom, Mr.
Speaker, that I attempt to say anything in this
House; but on a question of this kind, in rela-
tion to which I have some knowledge of the
facts of the case, I cannot remain silent and
hear gentlemen on this floor depreciate the ser-
vices of the brave and noble family to whom
allusion has been made. The McCook family
are, in Ohio, truly called the " fighting family."
Mrs. McCook has lost four sons in this war;
and last of all, by a dispensation of divine
Providence, her husband was taken while try-
ing to stay the ravages of that desperado Mor-
gan, who marched through the State of In-
diana, and nearly through the State of Ohio.
I say that this House should indorse the
report of the majority of the committee, and
thus signify our appreciation of the patriotism
of this family. The majority propose that we
shall give this widow $2-50 per annum, in addi-
tion to the twenty-five dollars per month which
she is n#w receiving; and this proposition
should receive the approval of the House.
There need be no fear that any other case like
this will ever come before this Congress. The
records of this war may be searched in vain to
find another family like the McCook family.
I for one, as a Representative from Ohio, shall
take pleasure in voting for the proposition sub-
mitted by the majority of the committee; and
if any gentleman in this House can present
any similar case or cases I am ready to vote
for a like appropriation in such cases.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, I believe
that I have the credit, whether I deserve it or
not, of b§ing very liberal in my votes in this
House, and I desire to be so on this occasion.
But before I vote> I desire to inquire in regard
to another very large class for whom I do not
see any immediate prospect of provision being
made. I wish to inquire in regard to the poor
widows and mothers of private soldiers and
maimed men with large families receiving
eight dollars.per month. Here is the case of
a noted woman, honored in being the mother
of a numerous, brave family. She is now
receiving something like $300 a year from the
Government. That is well. But when it is
proposed to double this pension because this
lady had the honor to be the mother of such
sons, one of whom now enjoys a lucrative for-
eign mission, while there are so many others
who are deserving and absolutely indigent, I
cannot see the propriety of supporting such a
proposition ; certainly when it sets a precedent
which may involve the expenditure of millions
of dollars.
Now, sir, I wish to state a fact in regard to
my own State in connection with this proposed
liberality. When we were raising troops one
thousand brave men of our State, mainly above
forty-five years of age, some of whom had sons,
and even grandsons in the service of the coun-
try, were willing to enlist for the war. They
supposed, of course, that they would receive
the same treatment in reference to bounty, &c.,
as other troops. So far did this understanding
extend that even the paymaster gave them a
portion of their bounties. But when they were
mustered out of service, one third and more of
their number having died or become unfit for
duty, the bounty which they had received was
deducted from their pay, being at once a morti-
fication and a hardship.
By a bill we have sought to redress this wrong
to the sacrificing "grey-beards" of the war
above forty-five years of age, many of whom
went home, or the place they left as home, to
find their houses burned in some instances, and
their property gone, thus left poor, dependent
upon their relatives, or thrown back years finan-
cially. Now, the Governmenthas notthe charity
or the justice even to give back to these men
a part of the bounty.
Now, sir, before I vote this to the mother or
the father of any major general, I shall ask
justicetobedonetothese ''grey-beards," men,
though above forty years of age, doing their
duty well. I tell you there are poor men now
dependent upon scanty means we should first
look to. I tell you they were brave men,
and deserve something from the Government
if we have charities to bestow. But here is
the difference in this case. It is for the pri-
vate soldier, for the poor, that we are called
to legislate. Let us do that before we double
the pensions of those who are now already
well to do in this world, and who can rest upon
their honors until families in absolute want are
provided for.
I ask the Clerk to read what I send up.
Mr. MOULTON. Itis acase from Illinois,
and I want her to be heard from.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Assessor's Office,
United States Internal Revenue, ,
Seventh District op Illixois,
Paris, March 8,1866.
My Dear Friend : I see by the papers that some
gentleman of your House has been introducing some
resolution of thanks or compliments to some gen-
tleman that had five sons in the Union Army. Now,
1 wish to put in your hands this ease: Mrs. Imogens
Buckingham, of this county, had eight sons and
three grandsons in the Union Army, two were killed
atShiloh, the other six lived through, and were all
honorably discharged. One of her grandsons was
badly wounded atKenesaw. The names of thesesons
are as follows, namely:
SamuelBuckingham, company A, seventh regiment
Illinois cavalry; Edson Buckingham, in a California
regiment; John Buckingham, in thirteenth Missouri
regiment; Joseph Buckingham, in an Iowa regiment;
Benjamin Buckingham, in twentieth Illinois regi-
ment, dead; GharlesM.Buckingham,in twenty-ninth
Illinois regiment, dead; Jacob Buckingham, m
twenty-ninth Illinois regiment; Elijah Buckingham,
in twenty-ninth Illinois regiment.
She is a widow, and has been for sixteen years, and
in abject poverty; is sixty-seven years old; a woman
of fine native, sense; was born in Fairfield county,
town of Brookfield, Connecticut: her maiden name
was Imogene Campbell; married 3d of August, 1817,
in Brookfield, Connecticut, to Philip Buckingham.
She is now living all alone, about five miles from
this place; has lived in this county about twenty-five
years.
The reason I have been thus particular and minute
is to enable you if possible to procure her a special
pension, as all of those that died had heirs of their
own. These facts are alias I havestated them. See
what can be done. She does not own one foot of
land. The case is now with you.
Hoping that something may be done for this noble
oldYankee mother, I am, with respect, your obedient
servant' 0. W. RIVES,
Assessor Seventh District Illinois.
Hon. S. W. Mocltdn, Washington, D. G.
I indorse the above statement as true to the best
of my knowledge and belief. T. C. W. SALE.
Mr. GRINNELL. I have had cases pre-
sented to my consideration where there were
six, and in one ease seven, in one family who
have served as privates, when the family itself
was poor. Should I not appeal in vain to this
House for money for them? I choose to con-
sidertlieclaimof our "grey-beards" and those
with unequal bounties and the most needy
first.
Mr. TAYLOR. I yield to the gentleman
from New Jersey.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, thiscase,which
strikes me as an extraordinary one, is in my
judgment just; and it will give me great pleas-
ure to vote for the report of the majority of the
committee, and I think the time has now come
in the affairs of the country when we should
turn our attention to those who have labored
in defense of the Union when our Government
was sorely imperiled.
I am told, sir, that this family of McCook,
consisting of ten, had all of its male members
engaged in this war. I believethatitisasacred
trust confided to us to reward the widows and
orphans our brave soldiers have left behind
them. It is our duty to do so for the invalu-
able services the soldiers have rendered the
country. Wo are spending millions of dollars
for purposes not half so humane, not half so
