1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3863
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Cnwnn.Eessenden,
Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Kirkwood, Morgan, Nor-
ton, Pomeroy,Riddle, Saul bury.Sherman, Sprague,
Trmnbull, Willey, and Yates—18.
jNAYS—Messrs. Brown, lluekalow, Chandler, Con-
ner, Creswell, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Lane
of Indiana, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Nye, Ram-
sey, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, Williams, and Wil-
son—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragm, Davis, Dixon, Doolxttle,
Edmunds. Harris, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas,
Poland, Van Winkle, and Wright—12.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Scmxer.]
Mr. SHERMAN. What is that amend-
ment?
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add at the end of the joint resolution
the following proviso:
And provided further, Thatin addition to the twelve
round voyages now required one additional round
voyage shall be required.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
now is ou the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] to add
the following as an additional section :
And be it further resolved, That the Pacific Steam-
ship Company is hereby authorized and required
to establish a monthly steamship lino to carry the
United States mails between San Francisco and the
Sandwich Islands, instead of touching at Honolulu
as required by law, with their steamships engaged in
carrying the mails between the United States and
China, and for the service thus required there shall
be allowed an additional sum of $50,000 annually.
Mr. HOWE. I think that amendment needs
further amendment. Iam not prepared to state
what, it should be. I agree with several Sen-
ators who have spoken, that it imposes no ob-
ligation upon the company as it now stands ;
that they would be at liberty to repudiate that
contract, and that you will still be bound by
the release you have executed. I think it had
better bo referred to a committee. From what
committee does this measure come?
. Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONNESS. A vote has just been taken
on such a motion, and it was voted down. I
hope the motion to refer will not be made.
Mr. HOWE. I understood the motion just
voted upon to be to refer and postpone.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that motion will
not be made again. It will be very easy to
amend this section so as to make it a condition
of the release.
Mr. MV.DOUG ALL. It is a condition as it
stands.
Mr. CONNESS. But it can be made plainer.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is an absolute con-
dition as it stands.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have it reported
again.
The Secretary again read the amendment.
Mr. ITO WE. I am told by the Senator from
Massachusetts that there is no doubt but what
that is a condition to the first section. I re-
spectfully submit that there is verj' grave doubt
about it.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will allow
me, I will move an pxr.en&ment to make it clear.
I move to insert after tne word '! required " the
words ' • as a condition of this releaseso that
it will read:
That the Pa.;i3c steamship Company is hereby au-
thorised r paired as a condition of this release
to establish. &c.
Mr. O P.IMES. I wish to make this inquiry:
suppose they do not do it, what is the penalty?
Air. MoD'OUGALL. The law does not go
info epeiation.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly; but. I suppose the
purpose of the Senator from Massachusetts is
to compel ir, to go into operation.
Mr. KRXSENDEN. I should like to ask,
if anybody can inform me, whether there is
any estimate as to how much this subsidy
ought to be. Is it mere guess-work? Who
knows whether it is too much or not?
Mr. CONNESS. I will answer tha Sena-
tor. An offer was made recently by the Cali-
fornia Steam Navigation Company to do this
service for $70,000 annually. The Senator
from^ Massachusetts proposes to require, as a
condition to the release, that this company
shall do it for $50,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How do we know, then,
that §50,000 is enough?
Mr. GRIMES. The truth is that neither of
the propositions of the Senators from Massa-
chusetts amount to anything, so far as this will
operate authoritatively and compel this com-
pany to do anything. Suppose the company
do not consent to be required to do this, then
what? Exactly what the Senator from Cali-
fornia said would be the result; they will not
put on this line. Then the Senator will have
gone off shearing and come back shorn himself.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me inquire of the Sen-
ator from Iowa how he would contrive to com-
pel any contractor to perform his contract.
He would not take him by the hand and force
him to ao it. He acts under his liability to the
law.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the Post-
master General has entered into a contract
with this Pacific Mail Company to do certain
work. Now, we come hero and say that that
company shall be required to do certain other
work upon our paying $50,000. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan insist that we have a right
to do that? The proper way is, as I under-
stand it, to refer this matter to some agent of
the Government to reduce the contract to writ-
ing, giving to our agent authority to expend
$50,000 annually for this purpose, if we see fit.
If the Senate do not propose to postpone the
consideration of this resolution until the next
session, and I see that that is the sentiment of
the Senate, the proper way is to commit it to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
and let them put it into shape and report it
back to us in the morning. Then we shall have
the resolution in a condition in which we can
understand it and know what we are voting.
I do not propose to make any such motion
myself, but I hope it will be made and adopted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Iowa, who is a lawyer and I know
can answer me exactly, is not that an absolute
condition of the law as it stands now ? Is there
any question about it? Can you start a ques-
tion about it? Is it not the condition of the
law now?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Why is it not?
Mr. GRIMES. 1 suppose that this is an
entire new proposition that we proffer to this
Pacific Mail Steamship Company. We author-
ize and require them to put on a lino. The
terms of the proposition are not that we author-
ize and direct the Postmaster General to enter
into a contract for the purpose of subsidizing
another line. If we are going to put on a new
contract there that is the way it ought to be
framed, so that there shall be a competition
between this company and others. The bill
ought to be referred to the committee and let
them put it into some form.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it is intended to
make this last section a condition of the law,
it had better be so expressed ; otherwise it will
not have that effect.
Mr. CONNESS and Mr. STEWART. It is
so expressed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Do I vmderstrstand
that the friends of the measure desire the adop-
tion of this section?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly; we have no
objection to it at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I want to ask a
further question: is it probable that $50,000 is
too high for that service?
Mr. McDOUGALL. No.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it $50,000 for each
trip?
Mr. STEWART. ; Fifty thousand dollars for
each year for running monthly trips between
San Francisco and the Sandwich Islands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it probable that they
will perform the service for that sum ?
Mr. STEWART. If they do not, they do
not get this law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not see why we
cannot vote upon it now. Certainly we can
understand that proposition very well.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no reason why
we should notvote upon it at once. The oppo-
sition is made for the purpose, unquestionably
in part at least, of opposition. I ask the Sec-
retary to report the amendment again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts accept the modifi-
cation of \is amendment suggested by the Sen-
ator from Nevada?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFfCER. The amend-
ment will be reported as modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And be it further revolved, That the Pacific Steam-
ship Company is hereby authorized and required, as
a condition of this release, to establish a monthly
steamship lino to carry the United States mails be-
tween San Francisco and the Sandwich Islands, in-
stead of touching at Honolulu, as required by law
with their steamships engaged in carrying the mails
between the United States and China; and for the
service thus required there shall be allowed an addi-
tional sum of $50,000 annually.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words "and for the
service thus required there shall be allowed an
additional sum of $50,000 annually." The
original contract required both "these services
to be performed. Now, if the company prefer
performing part of the service and putting on
a line from San Francisco to the Sandwich
Islands, to run monthly, so as to give twelve
trips, making twelve communications with the
Sandwich Islands, it will, in fact, be doing
what they contracted to do. If they prefer
to do that rather than to run according to the
contract, I am willing, for one, that they
should do it; and if they are not willing to
do it, I am not willing to make the change.
Mr. STEWART. The resolution now re-
quires an additional trip of them.
Mr. FOSTER. If this amendment shall be
adopted, I shall be willing to strike that out.
I would not impose another trip upon them.
Let the contract stand as it is. If they, instead
of performing the contract as it stands, are
willing to put ou a monthly line from San
Francisco to the Sandwich Islands, and also
run their line direct from San Francisco to
Japan, I am perfectly willing to allow them to
do it; but to pay them full price for half the
service, bccause we are paying away $50,000,
as one gentleman has said, every five minutes
from the national Treasury, and to add another
$50,000.1 am not willing.
Mr. CONNESS. The object of this amend-
ment is very palpable. It has been presented
to the Senate with some clearness that this
company never would hare made a bid for
the service to Japan and China at less than
§500,000. In proof of that, although adver-
tised for months, no other person or company
made a bid, and they made no bid for less than
that sum. They are now building ships cost-
ing $1,000,000 each, and we are to palter with
the company that is entering upon that great
service for the amount of $50,000!
Mr. FOSTER. 1 am not disposed to ques-
tion the liberality or the princely magnificence
or munificence of this company ; and I am not
disposed to palter with them or with anybody
else; but as guardians of the public Treasury
I think it is not to be considered mean if we
refuse to vote away $50,000 without the slight-
est possible consideration or reason. This
proposition is simply a donation to this com-
pany of $50,000 on a contract; and that is the
whole of it. It may be mean to decline to
agree to it. I must stand the charge of mean-
ness if it be so, for I do decline. I know of no
reason on earth why the Government of the
United States should give 350,000 to this com-
pany over and above what they have agreed to
give on an honest contract, which the company
do not claim they cannot perform and mako
money on, which by its terms the company are
not to begin to perform until next January.
We propose now to give them $50,000, pre-
