1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
: *
983
sussing that message, and about the time we
were taking the vote upon it; and it is sent to
us, and we are asked to consider it at once, and
for that purpose to put aside all the business ot
this body, all the pending questions, including
among others a constitutional amendment which
the Senator told us it was necessary should be
acted upon promptly, in order that it might be
sent to the State Legislatures now in session.
It seems to me that it would be showing excite-
ment and hasty irritation on the part of the
Senate to postpone all its legislation and take
up this political declaration and act upon it.
The very fact that we do so under this unusual
pressure, setting aside everything else and en-
gaging in a political question, a question of
political power, shows that the Senate is under
a state of excitement. It is unusual—not un-
precedented probably, because political excite-
ments have existed heretofore ; but it is un-
usual for the Senate to act in this manner.
I say then, sir, that I can see no good, but
much harm that may result from precipitating
us immediately into the debate upon this reso-
lution. I would prefer, therefore, that the ques-
tion should go over for two or three days. I do
not know that that delay will change the vote of
any one here. I presume that it will not, for
upon this question most of us have, no doubt,
formed or expressed our opinions, because this
is not the fiist time it has been presented; but
the very fact that we are now urged to repeat
this declaration of our power to act on the
question of reconstruction under the circum-
stances by which we are surrounded, shows
that those circumstances of excitement have
induced this resolution; and we are called upon
to act on it, debate it, and vote upon it under a
state of excitement which, if the Senator does
not feel, this whole country now feels. The
Senator will have the power at any moment to
call up the resolution, and I hope it will be
allowed to lie on the table for the present.
Mr. HOWE. Upon the question whether
this is a more important measure than the one
the Senate has previously considered, I have
nothing to say. I have no opinion about that.
I believe both of these measures come from
the same committee; and I supposed as an
individual wo might safely trust the chairman
of that committee as to which was the measure
most important to be considered first.
But upon the question raised by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, that we ought not to
proceed to the consideration of this measure
now because the Senate is incapacitated from
considering it properly and calmly, I have a
very decided opinion. If there be passion and
excitement in the country at this present time,
1 do not hold myself as an individual respon-
sible for any share of it; and I am here to say
that if I know myself—and if I do not know
myself nobody about me knows me—I am as
competent to consider this particular question
to-day as I was the day before yesterday or last
week, and, so far as myjudgment informs me,
quite as competent to consider it as I expect
to be next week or the week after.
Let it be borne in mind, sir, that the propo-
sition to proceed to the consideration of this
particular measure does not emanate either from
the honorable Senator from Maine or from any
one else in consequence of anything that was
said iri|tliis city or elsewhere yesterday. Before
any of the events of yesterday transpired, the
Senate had been distinctly notified that it woidd
be asked to-day at this very hour to proceed to
the consideration of this very question. I do
not know what happened yesterday, or at any-
other time since that notice was given, which
should authorize the Senator from Maine, the
chairman of the joint committee, to say that he
could not proc«ed with the business as he had
marked it out i i his own mind and as he had
notified the Sc. ate lie should wish to proceed
with it. T do not think the Senator from Maine
was authorised to throw the imputation upon
the Senate that he could not ask them to-day to
proceed with the consideration of a measure
which on the day before yesterday he said he
should wish them to proceed to the considera-
tion of to-day.
I know there were some peculiar events which
transpired yesterday. I know that the Presi-
dent of the United States, to whom the Senator
from Ohio has alluded, did use language which
sounded to me as if he were inclined to deny to
the Senate of the United States certain prerog-
atives which I think they have. The President
may be right, and by his word may have suc-
ceeded in convincing the Senate or the country
that the Senate does not possess the character
which it tho'ught it possessed. I am as sure as
I am that I live that nothing was found in the
remarks of the President yesterday or at any
other time, which has taken from me the char-
acter of an individual Senator. If I ever was
fit to deliberate in this body, I am to-day. I
know that. And when the Senator from Ohio
asks me to vote against proceeding to the con-
sideration of any measure, either because I dis-
trust my own fitness to consider it, or distrust
the fitness of my associates about me, I must
respectfully decline, not because I care partic-
ularly whether we take up this measure to-day
or another day, but because I ask the Senate
to vindicate their own course as individual men
and to say that they are not to be swept from
the seat of judgment by what is said, or can be
said, by the first magistrate of the nation, or by
the lowest and the last magistrate of the nation.
That is all I have to say.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, there
was one remark which fell from my honora-
ble friend from Maine, and was substantially
repeated by my colleague, which I am not
willing to let go without any remark by way
of reply. I understood the honorable Senator
from Maine in substance to say that the Pres-
ident of the United States seems to deny to
Congress the right to judge not only upon the
qualifications and elections of members, but
upon the right of representation on the part of
States or of districts in the Senate or House of
Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator misun-
derstood me.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not by any means
infer any such thing or understand any such
thing from any language which has ever fallen
nnder my observation coming from the Presi-
dent of the United States; and I now refer
particularly to his veto message and to what
has been reported as having been said by the
President yesterday. Sir, I understand the
present President to state precisely what the
former President, his predecessor, stated in his
proclamation upon this subject; that is to say,
that Congress is to judge, each House for itself,
upon the elections, returns, and qualifications
of its members. But there are gentlemen who
say that this, which is the language of the Con-
stitution itself, is confining Congress simply
to judge upon the regularity of an election or
the qualifications of individuals who may bo
elected. Not so, sir. In the House of Rep-
resentatives the people are represented by dis-
tricts, districts comprising about one hundred
and twenty thousand population in each dis-
trict; in the Senate of the United States the
States, as such, are represented, and each
State has an equal representation in this body.
Now I undertake to say that under this power,
which the Constitution gives to each llouse,
the Senate can judge for itself not only of the
regularity of the eieetion of a Senator_or the
qualifications of a Senator, but that the Senate
has power to judge of the condition of the
State, whether it is in a condition to choose a
Senator or not 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order. I call to order the Senator who objects
to taking up a resolution and is proceeding to
discuss its merits. The Sena!or who objects
to considering a resolution is not permitted to
difcuss its merits, and i call linn to order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President. I am
simply replying to the remark ot the Senator
from Maine, as I understood it. and of my
colleague, who assumed to say that the Chief
Magistrate had denied to this body the right to
judge whether the States are entitled to repre-
sentation 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist on the question
of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
intended to decide the question of order as soon
as the Senator from Wisconsin hadfiuisliedhis
sentence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I called Mm to order,
and according to the rules he must stop his
remarks until the question of order is decided.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Illinois makes the point of order that
on a motion to postpone a measure before the
Senate and take up another, it is not in order
to debate the merits of the subject proposed to
be postponed, or the merits of the subject pro-
posed to be taken up. Such is the rule. It is
sometimes, however, very difficult for the Chair
to distinguish between what is allowable to
Senators in debate, and what is not. It being
allowable to give reasons for or against the
postponement or the taking up, it is sometimes
difficult to do so without, to some extent, run-
ning into the merits of the question; and,
therefore, the Chair is always disposed to allow
a little more liberty, perhaps, than a strict ap-
plication of the rule would warrant. The Chair
thinks that the discussion is going beyond the
rule, and he thinks that, if called upon, he must
decide that the questions about which Senators
are debating are not legitimate on the motion
now before the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise, Mr. President,
merely for the purpose of asking if there is any
difference in the application of the privilege
which the rule gives to a member who proposes
to take up a question (and the privilege which
is allowed to him who objects to its being taken
up. If there is no difference, I submit that
my friend from Illinois ought perhaps to have
raised his point of order when the honorable
member from Maine was discussing in part the
merits of the measure proposed to be taken up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me a word?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Wis-
consin undertook to say that I had imputed cer-
tain things to the President. I spoke of the
President only in this manner: that in what I
had to say in reply to the Senator from Ohio, I
was not in a condition to prevent my speaking
of him now, and on all occasions, with respect.
I said nothing of what he had stated in one
place or another. I stated simply that the ques-
tion, in myjudgment, was so and so, whether
we had this right or whether we had not this
right. I did not impute it to anybody that he
had expressed a different opinion, but the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin rises in his place
and undertakes to reply to what he says the
Senator from Maine imputed as a remark to
the President when I imputed no remark of
any kind to the President. Therefore I'was
not called to order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Maine
certainly lias forgotten, I think, a portion of
what he' did say. I understood him most dis-
tinctly to state that he understood the President
to assume that Congress had no power of judg-
ment on this question of reconstruction and the
right to representation by the States, and I un-
derstood my colleague substantially to state the
same idea. Sir, I do not wish to go beyond
the rules of discussion proper on taking up
i questions of this kind; but when it was stated
' thus as I understood—certainly I inferred that
to be the substance of what was stated that
i the President had assumed by what he had
i said or done to deny the right of judgment to
' Congress on these questions, I desired simply
i to state my opinion that thev were mistaken;
! that nothing had fallen within my observation
! coming from the President which denies to
j Congress the right of judgment not merely upon
! the lcgularity of an election, not merely upon
i the qualifications of the person elected, but
I upon the other question whether tha district
