1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1943
charitable, as that which is here proposed to
those who have shown so much bravery as this
McCook family. It was proposed that the Gov-
ernment should be put to an expense of over
fifty million dollars annually to keep up a Freed-
men's Bureau for the support of a class of
persons who are unwilling to earn their own
living. The gentleman from Iowa who pre-
ceded me was willing to vote that, while he is
unwilling to vote for this small stipend to a fam-
ily whose members have behaved, so gallantly
in defense of the Union. I am not only not
afraid to vote for this proposition for this poor
woman, but I am willing to support the widows
and orphans left behind by our brave soldiers.
I am willing also to grant bounty, so far as the
financial condition of the country will allow,
to all of our brave soldiers who have periled
their lives during the war while other men were
sitting at their ease in safe places.
Mr. SCHENCK. And when "copperheads"
were assailing them in the rear.
Mr. ROGERS. It is immaterial to me
whether these parties are "copperheads" or
not, so long as they did their duty gallantly. I
do not care in these cases what a man's poli-
tics may be. I understand the father of this
family, although too old to be enlisted, lost his
life while in service against one of Morgan's
raids, while many who were better able to bear
arms shirked their responsibility. I hope no
man on either side of the House will have the
meanness to record his vote against this brave
family which has done its duty 10 the country
so well.
Mr. SCHENCK. I said these men were
fighting the rebels in front while copperheads
were attacking them in the rear. I did not
call the soldiers "copperheads."
Mr. ROGERS. I understand this old man
McCook served in the Army although he could
not be drafted, when those who oppose this
measure were safe at home in palatial resi-
dences.
Mr. TAYLOR. I yield to the gentleman
from West Virginia, [Mr. What.ey.j
Mr. WIIALEY. I rise to indorse what has
been said by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Egoleston,] and 1 wish to say that I for one
am willing to vote to tax the people to the
utmost extent in behalf of the suffering widows
and mothers of our brave soldiers. And I
regret to see that members on this floor ar.e
opposed to granting relief to this old lady. I
am not here to speak in praise of the McCooks.
Their history is too well known. Their brav-
ery is shown by the fact that there were ten
sons in the Army, three of whom were generals,
all of whom, 1 believe, rose from the ranks.
Such a remarkable family in that respect, per-
haps, was never known in history.
i would not oppose this increase of pension
to this lady on the ground that she may not
need it. The fact is she does need it, other-
wise there would have been no application to
Congress for it.
Mr. TAYLOR. I yield for five minutes to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benjamin.]
Mr. BENJ AMIN. As one of the members
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions, I was
unable to agree with the majority of the com-
mittee who leported this bill. Here is a prop-
osition that is very unusual in its character in
the legislation of this country. Mrs. McCook
is already in the enjoyment of a pension of
3300 a year, granted to her by the Depart-
ment in consequence of the death of her hus-
band. _
It is said that this is a celebrated family.
In regard to that. I am not going to take issue
with any one. But for that they should re-
ceive the same consideration that every other
celebrated family is entitled to, no more and
no less. T.
It is said that this is a fighting family. _ r or
that, they are entitled to the same considera-
tion thuUho hundred thousand other fighting
families of this country arc entitled to.
It is saiil that this family suffered greatly
durino- the war. Thai is undoubtedly true;
but gentlemen must recollect that there are a
hundred thousand other families that have
suffered just as much .consequent upon this
rebellion.
It is said that the McCook family have con-
tributed the entire male portion of it to the
Army of the United States. I can tell gentle-
men that there are thousands of families that
have done the same thing in various parts of
the country. I can point to families of con-
stituents of mine every male member of which
has laid down his life for his country in this
war, and those who survive are in the greatest
penury, and yet not one of them can obtain
relief under the pension laws. And not only
have they suffered in this way, but they have
lost every vestige of property that they had.
All has been destroyed, and perhaps a weep-
ing mother is left in penury ana want. Before
I vote for this bill 1 wish to see these other
thousands who are in need provided for by the
Government of the United States.
There is no pretense that the McCook family
are in destitute circumstances. One of them
is now occupying a high position in the United
States Army, an officer of high rank. Cer-
tainly one, and I do not know but more than
one. There is no pretense that Mrs. McCook
is in want at all. For that reason, if for no
other, I am opposed to setting ^ide the thou-
sands who are in actual want ana providing for
this particular case.
I am not disposed to detract anything from
the merits of this family. They are entitled to
all the credit that is accorded to them; but
they are no more meritorious than many an-
other family that has done as much and suf-
fered as much during the war as this.
Then, again, I am opposed to setting a prece-
dent in the passage of this bill, which pro-
poses to grant an annuity, not a pension. I
am not aware that there is a case in the history
of this Government of the character here pro-
posed.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will yield now to the gen-
tleman from Ohio. [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to address the
House for a few minutes only upon this ques-
tion. It was my good fortune to represent for
years the district in which this famify resided
and in which all the sons of this lady were
born and raised. I have been acquainted with
this family from my boylioou. I never was
associated with them politically. I come before
the House to-day, as I trust I shall comebefore
the House upon all occasions upon questions
of this sort, to insist that something like equal
justice be done by this Government in grant-
ing special pensions. I do not see the distinc-
tion, and 1 do not think the people of this
country will seethe distinction, that is attempted
to be made here between widows who are to
have special pensions for services rendered by
their husbands and sons during the war and
their loss by battle. If gentlemen have any
trouble on the subject of the word "annuity"
in this bill, let it be stricken out and the word
"pension" substituted. The words are con-
vertible terms, and amount to one and the
same thing. But there are gentlemen here
who object to this bill because of the word
"annuity," simply because they claim that
the grant of annuities is a departure from the
general rule in granting the pensions. It is
further objected that the grant of a special
pension is a dangerous departure from the
general policy of the country and a bad prece-
dent. If gentlemen will refer to the records
of the Congress of the United States they will
find that, special pensions have frequently been
granted, and that even in the last Congress
this very departure from the general law was
made in three instances : in the case of Gen-
eral Baker, who had been a colonel and was a
brigadier general by brevet, which he never
accepted: in the case of General Berr\, and
in the case of General Whipple. The last
Congress allowed a pension of $600 annually
to the widows or families of each of these offi-
cers. I would like to know why this discrim-
ination is to be made in this case against this
lady. Do gentlemen say that the wife of a
fallen hero is entitled to more consideration
than the mother who bore him?
Gentlemen talk here abont remembering the
poor. I trust they will remember the poor,
and that the American people will remember
the poor among the survivors of the heroes of
this war for the life of the Republic.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendments of the Senate
to the naval appropriation bill.
The message further informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill for the relief
of Elisha W. Dunn, a paymaster in the United
States Navy, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
mrs. martha si'cook again.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, this lady—
and it is certainly not to her discredit to say it
—was left, when her husband fell upon the
field, without any property of any kind, and
dependent exclusively upon the affection which
might be shown her by her surviving children.
It is but justicc that I should further say that
one of her sons, as I was informed by her
daughter, protested against his mother accept-
ing any pension from the Government, and
claimed the privilege of being himself her pro-
tector and supporter when he took her, in her
widowhood, to the shelter of his own roof-tree,
where she is to-day.
But, sir, there is a peculiar reason why it is
that, this additional pension is asked by this
old lady at the hands of the American Con-
gress. It is this: she has not only lost her
husband and her three sons, all of whom either
fell in battle or perished of honorable -wounds
received in battle, but she has cast upon her
care and keeping to-day another of those heroic
sons, who, after going through thirty-eight
battles in the late war for the Union, and being
twice wounded nigh unto death, was brought
home to her shattered in every nerve of his
organization, and as helpless as a child.
Mr. PBRHAM. Has not lie a pension?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not that I know of. I
have never inquired. I know that this lady
had received no pension from the Government,
and no proposition was made to grant her any
until within the last ninety or hundred days,
after I introduced this bill for her relief. Her
sands of life are well-nigh run, and I want to
know of gentlemen who voted to give $600 a
year to the widow of General Baker, and the
same pension to the widows of General Berry
and General Whipple, how they can go before
the American people dickering about the dif-
ference between $230 and $00 a year. I hat
is the question, and the only question, now
before the House on the reports^ of the com-
mittee. The Committee on Pensions, both the
majority and minority, report in favor of an
increase of pension. The majority report m
favor of an increase of $250 annually of this
lady's pension, and the minority report m favor
of increasing it only sixty dollars annually;
the whole committee, therefore, agree that
there ought to be an increase of her pension.
The simple question, therefore, is, whether or
not we shall adopt the suggestion of the mi-
nority of the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and "thereby save the sum of $190 annually
and no more, on account of this increased pen-
sion proposed by the majority. That is the
only question before us. With all respect, it
seems to me that to reject the majority report
in order to save annually the sum of $190 by
withholding it from this lady is not a wise
economy. . . . .,
Now, in regard to the services of this lamuy.
I beg leave to say that I was here in my place
in the discharge of my public duty when the
first battle was fought in Virginia in the great
struggle for the preservation of the Kepublic.
