1944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
April 13,
This old man, Major McCook, the husband of
this lady, without belonging to any company
whatever, rushed to the front upon his own
account and upon his own responsibility, and
participated in the battle of the 21st of July,
1861, from its beginning to its close. Upon
the retreat, when near Centreville, his young
son Charley, aged seventeen, who had volun-
teered from his school-room at Gambier, Knox
county, Ohio, to fight for the Union, was over-
taken by the pursuing rebels and ordered to
surrender. His father called to him, "Charley,
surrender." The boy's voice was heard to
respond, "Father, I can never surrender to
traitors.'' And he fell, pierced with the bullets
of the enemy, one of the first martyrs of the
Republic. I went with his stricken-hearted
mother to lay his mangled body in its last rest-
ing-place in the Congressional burying-ground.
From that day forward to the end of the
struggle, every male member of this household
was found in the ranks of the defenders of the
country; being the surviving seven brothers and
the father. Three of them have also fallen in
battle, and one is now at home in the care of his
mother, his constitution shattered, a miserable
wreck, never again to enjoy health and comfort
in this life.
And yet members here urge the importance
of saving $190 per annum in this case. It may
be so ; but for myself I will say, that whenever
a like case is presented here from any quarter
hy auy one of a whole family having rendered
such service in the late war for the Union, the
half of them having been killed outright, I will
gladly vote for a like pension or annuity, and
will not falter whatever word may be employed
in the bill to designate the compensation.
I trust, however, that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Taylor] will consent to strike
out the word '' annuity'' and insert the word
"pension" in its place, for the purpose of re-
moving the scruples of gentlemen.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from New York yield to me for a
few moments?
Mr. TAYLOR. How long does the gentle-
man desire?
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. But a few
minutes. The-gentleman can resume the floor
whenever he desires.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will yield to the gentleman
for five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
it is not necessary, I trust, while opposing this
bill, for any gentleman on this floor to say that
he does not tail to bear full and ample testi-
mony to the courage of this McCook family,
or of any member of it. For one, I most cheer-
fully bear my testimony to that effect. I knew
the father of these children who fought so
bravely and so well. I knew some of the chil-
dren ; one of them was the colonel of an Illi-
nois regiment, and distinguished himself on all
the fields where he served.
But this is a question that rises somewhat
above these personal considerations; and 1 trust
the House will understand this matter before
they establish the precedent here recommended.
_ My friend from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is a
little mistaken, I perceive, in one particular. I
have before me the joint resolution introduced
by him; it is in his own handwriting. It is not
like the one to which he referred as forming a
precedent for the passage of this joint resolu-
Jion. His joint resolution provides that there
shall be paid to Mrs. Martha McCook a pen-
sion to the amount of $300 per annum, not on
account of the services of her husband, who,
it is alleged, fell in the service, but on account
of the loss of two unmarried sons, therein
named, who fell in the war against the rebel-
lion. That is the joint resolution introduced
by (he gentleman from Ohio. 1 say it is entirely
exceptional, and that no sueh bill has ever, to
my knowledge, been passed by Congress.
The Committee on Invalid Pensions have
reported a substitute which the House is now
called upon to pass, which substitute is also
exceptional.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washbukjse] allow me to say a
word right here?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. When the joint resolu-
tion was introduced to which the gentleman
from Illinois has referred, Mrs. McCook was
drawing no pension, as the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] has already stated. That
joint resolution was intended to provide her a
pension. Since then she has obtained the pen-
sion the joint resolution asked for, and the sub-
stitute of the majority now proposes to give her
$250 per annum in addition.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. Then the
object of my friend from Ohio has already been
accomplished.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all; she never got
the pension asked for. The joint resolution
asked for a pension for the loss of her sons.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then the
gentleman from Ohio wants a double pension ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly I do.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then we
come to the substitute reported by the majority
of the committee. I say it is exceptional, and
if the House establishes that precedent I do
not know what point we may ultimately reach.
Mr. Speaker, whatever I might be disposed
to do for Mrs. McCook in the way of voting a
sum of mon^ absolutely, as a testimonial from
Congress in consideration of the bravery of her
sons, I must object to the passage of any such
bill as this. I would be willing to vote in favor
of giving Mrs. McCook a sum of money abso-
lutely. Such a proposition would be much pref-
ftro nip tA "Miic?
Mr. BINGHAM. All that I desire is that
justice shall be done in this matter; and I am
willing to move an amendment providing that
there be paid to Mrs. McCook a gratuity of
$1,500, instead of the yearly sum here pro-
posed.
The SPEAKER. That amendment would
not be in order now. There is pending a sub-
stitute, to which an amendment has been of-
fered.
Mr. WASHBUBNE, of Illinois. The amend-
ment might, be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. Such a proposition as
that could not receive unanimous consent. I
must* object, for one.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Will the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Taylor] now
yield to me?
Mr. TAYLOR. I would be glad to yield to
the gentleman, but he wishes to advocate the
amendment emanating from the minority of
the committee. I have already given two gen-
tlemen of the minority an opportunity to advo-
cate their views, and I must decline to yield
further.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Let me ask
•the gentleman whether it is his intention to
call the previous question and cut off debate
on the minority report. As a member of the
committee, I claim the right to say something
upon that minority report.
Mr. TAYLOR. I think that there has been
full opportunity afforded for the presentation
of the views of the minority, and I decline to
yield further. There are scarcely fifteen min-
utes of the morning hour remaining.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I hope that
the previous question will not be sustained.
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Bexjamix] and the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburse] have said that there
is no precedent for the action proposed in this
bill. Those gentlemen are at fault in their
knowledge of the legislation of the country.
It will be found that in 1814, a gratuity of $200
a year during life was granted to Mrs. Mary
Cheever, on account of the distinguished ser-
vices of her two sons, who were seamen on
board the frigate Constitution, and were killed
in the capture of the British frigate Java. This,
so far as I know, is the only case exactly in
point. In the course of the discussion of that
case in Congress, it was proposed to make it a
pension; but that word was rejected for the
express purpose of making that a case distinct
from all others, precisely what this joint reso-
lution proposes with reference to this McCook
family.
I cite also the ease of the widow of Commo-
dore Perry, who, in 1821, was granted an
annuity of $400 a year during life, and also
an annuity of $150. for each of four children.
That also is a case analogous to this. Gentle-
men, therefore, need not urge the objection
that the passage of this joint resolution will
establish a precedent, because the precedent
has already been established years ago.
I desire also to call the attention of the
House to the fact that no longer ago than the
last session of Congress, pensions of $600 each
were granted to the widows of three distin-
guished generals—Generals Baker, Berry, and
Whipple. The annuity of $250 which this
resolution proposes to give Mrs. McCook will,
with the pension which she is already receiv.
ing, make $550—fifty dollars less than the
annuity granted in similar cases by the last
Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. HARDIN G, of Kentucky. I appeal to
the gentleman to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, so that the whole case may be
heard.
Mr. TAYLOR. But a few minutes of the
morning hour remain, and I must insist on the
previous question.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 49, noes 26 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Taylor and
Peruam.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-three, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered, which was
upon the amendment of Mr. Perham to the
substitute reported by the committee.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 48, nays 69, not voting
66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Baker, Baldwin. Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin, Boutwell, Brandegee, Cobb,
('f)riktiji£r, Cook, Defrees, Earnsworth, Ferry, Grider,
Grinnell, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding,
Henderson, Holmes, Edwin N. Mubbell, Ketcham,
Lafiin, Latham, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin,_ McKee,
Mercur, Moulton JPaine, Perham, Pike, Price, John
H. Rice, Bitter, Rollins, Shanklin, Smith, Stevens,
Trowbridge, Upson, Elihu B. Washburne, William
B. Washburn, Williams, James I?. Wilson, and Win-
do m—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Barker, Bidwell, Bine-
ham, Boyer, Buokland, Bundy, Chanler,Reader W.
Clarke, Coffroth, Davis, Dawson, Delano, Deming,
Denison, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge,
Eliot, Farquhar, In nek, Glossorenncr, Goodyear,
Hayes, Hill, Hogan, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
ChesterD. Hubbard, James M. Humphrey, Kelley,
Kelso, George V. Lawrence, Loan, Marshal], Sle-
Clurgv McRuer, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Myers,
Niblaek, O'Neill, Orth, Phelps, Samuel J. Randall,
Raymond, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Scofield, Shella-
barger, Spalding, Stilwell, Taber, Taylor, Thayer,
Erancis Thomas, John L. Thomasv Thornton, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, and Wha-
ley-H®.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Banks, Bergen,
Blaine, Blow, Bromwell, Broomall, Sidney Clarke,
Cullom, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge,
Driggs, Dumont. Garfield, Griswold. Harris, Hart,
Higby, Hooper, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
James R. Ilubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey, In-
gersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Ivasson,
Kerr, Kuykendall, William Lawrence, Lc Blond,
Marston, McCullough, Mclndoe, Morrill, Newell,
Nicholson, Noell. Patterson, Plants, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Saw-
yer, Schenek, Sitgreaves. Sloan. Starr, Strouse, Trim-
ble, AVentworth, Stephen F. Wilson, Winiield, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—66.
So the substitute of the minority was dis-
agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. HALE stated thatMr. Woodbridge was
detained from the House by illness.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
