1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
keeps as close a lookout upon the commercial
interests of that country as the Iowa papers do
for the commerce of the Mississippi, and is
as much to be believed. If there was not a
newspaper on the earth that had uttered it, if
not an individual in this Senate Chamber or
anywhere else had uttered it, it is in the logic
of the location itself. It is as a matter of
course that this great commerce will be con-
tended and contested for.
Now, I say that this company comes here not
for the purpose of cheapening their expenses,
but to lay the question fairly before Congress,
and to submit to them as a great measure of
national importance, "Is it not better for you
to so alter and amend this contract as to make
the most expeditious line to China from San
Francisco?'' I have great respect for the opin-
ion of the Senator from Connecticut, and great
respect for the late Postmaster General, and I
shall be pardoned for saying that my respect
for him has increased latterly ; but, sir, I will
not refer this question to any Postmaster Gen-
eral that has been or is to be; and the Post-
master General has no more right to speak of
the commercial effect of a certain transaction
than any man upon this floor. When any Post-
master General attempts to say that because
this contract for carrying the mails does not
go into effect until a year from this time, its
commercial disadvantages cannot be great until
that time, he asserts what a true view of the
case will not sustain him in asserting.
Sir, this channel of commerce is not a new
one. It has been sought for for years. The
control of this great Pacific commerce has
awakened the cupidity of all the oriental and
eastern nations. It is that which placed French
troops in Mexico. What the French are now
sustaining the empire in Mexico for is to con-
trol the great commerce of the Pacific coast.
Against that and to prevent that this company
lia\e come lieie, and I say, in a manly spirit,
to submit this great question to Congress who
are the guardians of every interest of this great
nation, and ask them whether it is not better
that they shall be relieved from this portion of
the contract for the purpose of making it sure
that they can, not only by the character of
their ships, but by the power and speed which
they put into them, control this commerce. I
do not see how this company could act more
fairly. I think when the honorable Senator
from Connecticut says that it is a donation to
them of $50,000 he puts it in a very wrong
light.
Now, Mr. President, that we should keep up
close, intimate commercial relations with the
Sandwich Islands is too palpable to need dis-
cussion. There they lie right in the middle
of the great Pacific ocean, and their fertility is
unsurpassed. The variety of their produc-
tions caters to every appetite in the enlight-
ened world. That we should seek by every
means to obtain the control of the leading
commercial interests of the Sandwich Islands,
I repeat, is too apparent to deserve a moment's
discussion "here. How do we propose to do
this V By preventing this great company from
assuming and obtaining this great mastery by
lengthening its trips from three to five days ?
By no means. But, sir, in order to do this
we ]jropose to give this company, as a condi-
tion to the alteration of this charter, S50,000
more, and have a monthly communication di-
rect from Sail Francisco to the Sandwich Isl-
ands by another line. What will be its effect ?
I know that $50,000 is a great deal of money ;
and I know at the present time, after the large
appropriations that have been made, that
$50,000 seems considerable monej'. It is ;
but, sir, $50,000 is not much money when it
is appropriated in such a way as to give us
the commercial control of these great Pacific
islands. The duties on a single cargo of goods
from the Sandwich Islands to San Francisco
might be equal to this annual appropriation ;
nt least, it would not be unfair to presume
that many of their cargoes would yield half
that amount of duties to our Government. If
this can be done in the green tree, what will
be done in the dry ? Looking ten years ahead,
this appropriation of $50,000 a year v/ill amount
to $500,000. Before that time rolls around,
and before the next year shall have rolled
around, the custom-house at San Francisco
will have received more than what it will re-
ceive now under the"present circumstances,
more than twice $50,000,000 to pay this Gov-
ernment for its encouragement of this great
commercial enterprise. Not only that, hut it
will be evidence to the world that America is
going to control the commerce of the Pacific
ocean. Sir, it is ours to control, and I sub-
mit, with great diffidence and deference to the
opinions expressed by the honorable Senator
from Connecticut and the honorable Senator
from Iowa, that it is a matter of great national
economy that we should control it; and that
we can at this juncture is as certain as that
the sun rolls its rounds.
Now, the question submitted to this Congress
is, will wo grasp this prize that is within our
reach? Will we seize this commercial power
while it stands at our door to be seized, or
shall we do with it, as I suggested the other
day, as we have done with our Atlantic com-
merce—reduce it to that extent that to-day our
mails are carried to Liverpool by British ships?
England, wiser than America in this respect,
has well earned the name of being the com-
mercial mistress of the seas. England's flag
is the master of the sea. It is time now, and
the opportunity is presented when we can seize
that flag and make it our own.
The honorable Senator from Maine the other
day said that these Pacific coast gentlemen were
very liberal in their votes and their appropria-
tions. Sir, the Pacific coast, as a people—and
I presume they will not feel hurt by my alluding
to it—arc a pretty liberal people. They have
been the sturdiest adventurers upon this conti-
nent. They have made that distant country
bud and blossom like the rose, and magic-like
have their commercial ports sprung up upon
that heretofore unpeopled ocean coast. They
have battled the dangers of the mountains and
the valleys, and they have conquered them all.
They have hewn the mountain-side and have
filled up the valleys; and to-day, through their
enterprise, the whistle of the locomotive is
heard upon the dizzy heights of the Sierras.
They are an enterprising people; hut their
greatest boast, after all, is that they are a part
of the people of this great Government, warmly
interested in its success. Standing every day
where they look out upon this vast and inviting
ocean and seeing the coming wealth to be ac-
quired from its trade in future years, they come
here to their parent Government, to which
they are warmly attached, and ask. as is no
more than their due, that these great enter-
prises, if they commend themselves to the judg-
ment of the Congress of this nation, shall be
heard, without reproach being cast upon their
representatives.
Mr. President, I do not feel like prophesy-
ing ; it would not become me to do so; but I
am satisfied of one thing, that the true atti-
tude to be assumed by Congress on this ques-
tion is to yield every possible encouragement
to control the great interests of the Pacific.
Sir, that Pacific coast woke from a long slum-
ber when our armies drove the Castilians out.
Where their large league farms were once seen
are now seen villages thickly studded with
the happy abodes of Union-loving men. The
whole coast bespeaks the- character of its
inhabitants. I submit to the Senator from
Connecticut whether he would not rather give
$50,000 more, although our expenses are great
and our appropriations large, if he was sure
that in the future it would give you back the
proud privilege of gathering the commerce of
those great nations of the East; and this is
their natural avenue out if we can control it.
I have no feeling particularly in regard to this
subject. I have no local feelings. I speak
here to-day as 'a citizen of this Republic when
I assert that 1 believe it to be the true interest
of this Government, or any other that desires
to be great, to be greater in her commerce than
any other nation. The facilities we have ; the
opportunity is now presented; and it is a ques-
tion which is submitted to the sound judgment
of the American Congress whether they will
improve it or not.
Mr. GRIMES. The argumentthathasbeen
urged in favor of the passage of this joint res-
olution from the time that it was first intro-
duced, a few days ago, has been, that it was
necessary that greater facilities should be
extended to the Pacific Mail Steamship Comr •
pany in order to enable that company to com1'
pete with foreign companies; and we have •
had some very learned and eloquent and able
arguments upon the necessity of this country
maintaining her commercial supremacy. £
judged from the remarks that were made by
the Senator from Massachusetts the other day,
and by the Senator from California, that we
really were in a bad way in that regard ; that
it might be possible that we should not be able
to maintain our present position among the
commercial nations of the earth. But when-
I come to interrogate the Senator from Nevada-
in regard to the rival opposition that it is said
lias been started against this steamship com-
pany since they entered into the contract by
which they agreed-to carry onr mail to and
from China, by the way of Japan and Honolulu,
it turns out that he saw a notice in a California
newspaper, which looks as sharply after the
interests of California, as the newspapers of
my State do after the commercial interests of
the Mississippi valley, that the French Gov-
ernment and the English Government were
about to put on two rival lines from San Fran-
cisco—a city in one of our own States—to
China; and hence it was necessary that we
should furnish additional facilities to this
Pacific Mail Steamship Company in order to
enable them to successfully compete with
those French and English lines that are to
ply between one of our own ports and one
of the Chinese ports! Really, it struck me
that that was an additional reason why we
should require one of these lines at least to
touch at the Sandwich Islands.
It does seem to me, and I submit that to the
consideration of Senators who are here rep-
resenting commercial interests and who seem
to believe that it is only necessary to have com-
munication with the Sandwich Islands on one
side—it does seem to me that it is important to
the commercial interests that we should have
communication with the Sandwich Islands from
the west side as well as from the east. It does
seem to me that if a whaler goes out from New
Bedford to the Sandwich Islands for the pur-
pose of being filled up with bone and oil in the
Sandwich Islands that have been brought there
from the Chinese seas, it may be important for
that vessel to have communication by a steamer
coming from the west as well as one coming
from the east: but it seems that the Senators
from Massachusetts and gentlemen represent-
ing commercial cities do not entertain that
opinion, and are willing to accept a proposition
which will only require the steamships to con-
nect with Honolulu on the east, allowing tho
steamship company to abandon its contract,
which required it to touch at Honolulu going
both east and west.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator will permit
me, I will say that I am not one of those who
think that is by any means a compensation.^ I
think that paying them $50,000 and allowing
them to send a steamer monthly from San
Francisco to the Sandwich Islands and back
will be no fair and full performance of the ori-
ginal contract, by any means. It will riot be
as advantageous to the Government, not nearly
as advantageous to the American interests at
the Sandwich Islands, and by no means a full
and fair performance of the original contract.
Hence, to do the best I could under the circum-
stances, I proposed to strike out the $'>0,000,
for it is really giving §50,000 for not perform-
ing the contract as well as they might do. If
they are not to perform the contract as well as
they might do, let us pay them the original
price without paying them anything more.
