1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1945
The substitute of the majority of the com-
mittee was adopted.
The joint resolution as amended was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. TAYLOR demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SMITH demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 42? not voting
68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Barker, Bidwell, Bingham,
Boyer, BromweU Buokland, Bundy, (Jhanler, Header
W. Clarke, Coifroth, Cook,Davis, Dawson, Delano,
Doming, Denison, Donnelly, Eokley, Eg^leston, IU-
dridge, Eliot, Earnsworth, Farquhar, Finck, Gloss-
brenner. Hayes, Henderson, Hosan, Hotclikiss, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, Chester Ds. Hubbard, James M.
Humphrey, Kellcy, Kelso, Latham. George V. Law-
rence, Loan, Lonsryear, Lynch, Marshall, McCluref,
McRuer, Miliei, Moorhead, Morris, Myers. Niblaok,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Phelps, Pike, Samuel .J. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Rogers, Ross, lloufseau, Scofield,
Shcllabargcr, Spalding. Stilwcll, Taber. Taylor,
Thayer, Thornton, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Iiorn, Ward, Warner, Welkei, and
Whaley—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Baldwin, Baxter, Bca-
raan, Benjamin, Boutwell, Brandegee, Cobb, Conk-
ling, Defrces, Ferry, Goodyear, Grinnell, Hale, Aaron
Harding, Abncr C. Harding, Harris, Hill. Holmes,
Edwin N. Ilubbell, Ketcham, Marvin, MoJvee, Mer-
cur, Patterson, Perhau\ Plants, Pricc, llitter. Rol-
lins, Shanklin, Smith, bfovens, Trowbridge, Ups§n,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Wentworth, Williams, James F. Wil-
son, and Windom—42.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley Allison, Ames, An-
derson, Delos It. Ashloy, James M. Ashley, Banks,
Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cul-
lom, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs,
Dumont, Garfield. Gridcr, Griswold, Hart, Higby,
Hooper, Demas Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard, James
11. Ilubbell, Hulburd. James Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Jenekcs, Johnson, Jones. Julian, Kasson, Kerr,
Kuykendall, Lallin, William Lawrence, Le Blond,
Marston, McCullough, Melndoe, Morrill, Moulton,
Newell, Nicholson, Noell. Pomeroy, Radford. Wil-
liam 11. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice,
Sawyer, Schenek, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Starr, Stronse,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trimble, Stephen
F. Wilson, Wmfield, Woodbridge, and Wright—68.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by whicli the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. FARXSWORTH. I rise to a privileged
question. I desire to make a report from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the naval appro-
priation bill. 1 ask that it be read.
The Clerk read, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of tho two Houses on tho amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 122) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June BO, 1867, hav-
ing met, after full and free conference have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered one, live, six, ten, and eleven, and agree
to the same.
That the Senate recede from their fourth amend-
ment. ,
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the third amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recedo from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as tollows:
Strike out all of said amendment and and also the
clause of the bill to which it wa« attached, and insert
the following in lieu thereof: "For the preservation
and necessarv repairs ot the property ot the Lnited
States at the Pensacola navy-yard, $50,000, or so much
thereof a^ may be necessary."
That the Senate agree to so much of the amendment
ol the House to the eighth amendment of the Senate
as proposes to strike out of said amendment the tol-
lowmg woids: "thesame as those rates received at
Bo-ion. New York, and Washington;" and agree to
the matter proposed to he inserted by the House, and
that tho House agree to the same as so modified.
That the House recede from so much of their amend-
ment to the ninth amendment of tho Senate as pro-
poses to strike out the sceond clause of said amend-
ment; and that the Senate agree to so much of the
amendment of the House to said Senate amendment
as proposes to strike out the words foundcry and,"
in the fourth clause of said amendment.
That the Senate rcccdc from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the twelfth amend-
ment of the Senate and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the sixth section of the bill in the following words:
"if approved by the Secretary oi the Navy."
JAMES W. GRIMES,
E. D. MORGAN,
T. A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
N. P. BANKS,
j. f. farssVtorth.
charles e. phelps,
Managers on the part oj the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My colleague on the
committee of conference, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Baxks,] being sick and
unable to attend the session of the House to-
day, has sent me the papers and requested me
to make the report. That is the reason why I
make the report instead of the chairman of the
committee of conference on the part of the
House.
Tho principal differences between the House
and tho Senate were in regard to the purchase
of theOakman &Eldridgewharf, at theCharles-
town navy-yard, and the proposition for the
purchase of additional grounds adjoining the
Naval School at Annapolis.
One of the members of the committee on
the part of the Senate, Mr. Grimes, who had
made a personal examination of the grounds
at Annapolis, was of opinion that this purchase
should be made, and that the price at which it
is offered to the Government is very cheap.
In reference to the purchase of Oakman &
Eldridge's wharf, the Senate recede from their
amendment.
These were the principal points of difference;
the House leceded in reference to the Annap-
olis appropriation, and the Senate recedcd in
reference to the wharf purchase.
The other amendments were in the main
merely verbal.
Mr. CHANLER. I did not distinctly hear
what are the provisions made by the report in
reference to the navy-yard on the Gulf. I
would therefore ask the gentleman what appro-
priations are now made by the bill for the navy-
yard at Pensacola.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is an appro-
priation of $50,000 for the necessary repairs
for preserving the navy-yard at Pensacola, but
there is no appropriation for rebuilding the
navy-yard at that point.
1 do not think further discussion is necessary ;
and I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the report of the committee
of conference was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report of the committee
of conference was agreed to ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
quarantine station, new york.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of the 14th of March
last, stating that he has no data by which to
form an opinion as to the effect that the erec-
tion of a quarantine station will have upon the
navigable waters of New York harbor ; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
tub assassination rewards.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in reply to a resolution
of the House of the 10th instant, in regard to
the findings of the commissions in the case
of the rewards for the capture of J. Wilkes
Booth and Davirl E. Harold; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
illinois central railroad.
On motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH, by
unanimous consent, the Committee on Appro-
priations was discharged from the further con-
sideration of a letter from the Secretary of
War stating the amounts paid to. and still
claimed, by tho Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany for transportation, &c., for the Govern-
ment, and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee oil the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT1.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. William
G. Moore, his Secretary.
Also, informing the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills and a joint resolution
of the following titles, namely:
An act (H. R. No. 207) to amend an act to
provide ways and means to support the Gov-
ernment, approved March 3, 1865;
An act (H. R. No. 223) to amend an act to
incorporate the Mutual Fire Insurance Com-
pany of the District of Columbia ;
An act (H. R. No. 60) to reimburse the
State of Pennsylvania for moneys advanced
Government for war purposes;
An act (II. R. No. 804) to confirm unto
Augustin Amiot, his legal assigns and repre-
sentatives, a certain lot of ground in the city
of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri;
An act t II. R. No. 349) for the relief of the
estate of E. W. Eddy; and
Joint resolution (H. Ii. No. 105) giving con-
struction to the law in relation to bounties
payable to soldiers discharged for wounds.
army bill.
The SPEAKER stated that the next busi-
ness before the House was the consideration
of the special order, being the bill to reorgan-
ize and establish the Army of the United States,
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING. I would inquire if the
question before the House is not upon the sub-
stitute reported by the committee for the Sen-
ate bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is no Senate bill
before the House.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not this a substitute
for the Senate bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. Oh, no; it is a House bill.
The SPEAKER. The Senate bill is not
now before the House. This is a House bill
reported back with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
The Chair will state that if there is no objec-
tion it will greatly facilitate business to have
the substitute treated as an original bill reported
by the committee; if treated as a substitute,
but one amendment can be offered at a time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was about to make that
very suggestion. This bill which the commit-
tee report is in fact an original bill.
The SPEAKER. If, then, there be no ob-
jection it will be treated as an original bill, and
an amendment and an amendment to an amend-
ment will be entertained.
No objection was made.
Mr. RAYMOND. I would like to inquire
of the Chair to what subject the message just
received from the President of the United States
relates.
The SPEAKER. It has not yet been jour
nalized by the Journal Clerk, butit is in regard
to the fisheries.
Mr. RAYMOND. If it is not too long, I
would like to have it read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I must object to that, as
the Army bill is the special order for to-day.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
New York can move to proceed to the business
on the Speaker's table, and that will take the
gentleman from Ohio off the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman only
want it read?
Mr. RAYMOND. That is all.
Mr. SCHENCK. I object to its being taken
up for the mere purpose of reading. If a motion
is made to take it up for action and I cannot
resist that motion I must of course give way.
I have no feeling about the matter, but the
Army bill was made the special order for
to-day, and it should not be shoved aside now.
Mr. RAYMOND. I will not press my re-
qUMr! SCHENCK. I desire to suggest to the
House, in behalf of the Committee on Military
Affairs') a mode of procedure in regard to the
