1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
" I am free to say to you, as your Executive, that
X am not propared to take any such position. I said
in the Senate, in the very inception of the rebellion,
that States had no right to go out, and that they had
no power to go out. That question has been settled,
and I cannot tnrn round new and give the lie direct
to all I profess to have done m the last five years.
[Laughter and applause.] I can do no such thing. I
say that when they comply with the Constitution,
when they have given sufficient evidence of their
loyalty, and that they can be trusted, when they yield
obcdience to the law, I say extend to them the right
hand of fellowship, and let peace and Union here-
stored. [Loud cheers.]"
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be noticed, Mr.
President, that in the extract which has been
read there are very serious charges made. One
is that there is an effort being made to con-
centrate all power in a few, and that that power
is lodged in the hands of a sort of central com-
mittee, and the words which immediately fol-
low furnish a sufficient indication of what the
President meant. I think the President of the
United States could hardly have considered
with care the nature of the resolution under
which we have been acting as a committee of
this body; he could hardly have looked at its
history, and hardly have understood its mean-
ing. Let me read that resolution and state its
history, for it is very singular that he should
charge that all the authority of deciding upon
the credentials of members of the House of
' Representatives and of the Senate has been
taken from the House and the Senate and
referred to this committee. The resolution,
as it came from the House of Representatives
originally, was in these words :
"That a joint committee of fifteen members shall
be appointed, nine of whom shall be members of the
House and six members of the Senate, who shall in-
quire into the condition of the States which formed
the so-called confederate States of America, and re-
port whether they, or anv of them, are entitled to be
represented in either House of Congress."
And then followed the words which I will
now read:
" With leave to report atany time, by bill or other-
wise; and until such report shall have been made,
and finally acted on by Congress, no member shall be
received into either House from any of the said so-
called confederate States; and all papers relating to
the representation of said States shall be referred to
the said committee without debate."
That was the original resolution. _ When it
came to be considered in the Senate it was not
deemed very desirable at that time to interfere
with those questions which might be said to
belong to either House, and the last part of
the resolution was stricken out, so that the
resolution as it finally passed stood in this way;
"That a joint committee of fifteen members shall
be appointed, nine of whom shall be members of the
House and six members of the Senate, who shall in-
quire into the condition of the States which formed
the so-called confederate States of America, and re-
port whether they, or any of them, are entitled to bo
represented in. either House of Congress. '
What was that? • Simply the appointment
of a joint committee in this unexampled condi-
tion of the country, with a war of four years (in
which eleven States had been engaged against
the United States) just closed, after all the ex-
penditure of blood and treasure that had been
made in the country, at the first meeting of
Congress which occurred after actual hostili-
ties ?n the field had ceased—for what purpose?
To inquire into the condition of those States and
report whether they were entitled to represen- ,
tation. That simple provision for acquiring j
information in order to enable the House and '
the Senate to judge understandingly upon this
important question affecting themselves has
been represented by gentlemen and by news-
papers as assuming authority which did not
belong to Congress. I have nothing to say in
this connection with reference to the Presi-
dent. I am speaking now of the complaints
that were made of that resolution, a simple res-
olution to inquire into the condition of those
States and report whether Representatives and
Senators could be admitted from them. Sir,
in this were we doing anything more than our ,
duty? Was it not advisable? It was not^a
single question relating, as we understood it,
to the credentials of members. It was believed
that at the very foundation of the whole ques-
tion of the admission of members lay this great
point, whether the condition of those States
was such as to render the admission of those
members safe. I have had this extract from
the President's speech read simplyto showwhat
everybody must admit with regard to it. 'The
last paragraph of the extract that I sent to the
Chair and ha-d read, is this:
" I am free to say to you, as your Executive, that I
am not prepared to take any such position. I said
in the Senate in the very inception of the rebellion
that Slates had no right to go out and that they had
no power to go out. That question has been settled,
and I cannot turn around now and sivc the tie direct
to all I profess to have done in the last five years, i
can do no such thing. I say that when they comply
with the Constitution, when they have given suffi-
cient evidence of their loyalty and that they can be
trusted, when they yield obedience to the lav,', X say
extend to them the l ight hand of fellowship, and let
peace and union be restored."
So say I, and so say all. When they do that
let these consequences follow. There is no
difference on that point. The President him-
self, instead of saying anything different from
us, says when they have complied with these
I conditions then they ought to be admitted. He
himself in his speech makes that a preliminary
to examining the question of credentials to see
whether men come here properly accredited.
Lest gentlemen on the other side should have
failed to notice this sentence, let me read it
again. It is peculiarly expressive:
"I say that when they comply with the Constitu-
tion, when they have given suiBcient evidence of
their loyalty and that they can be trusted, when
they yield obedience to the law, I say extend to them
the right hand of fellowship, and lot peace and union
be restored."
That, it seems, is a matter into which some-
body has a right to inquire. I should like to
know if the Congress of the United States
have not a right to ask these very questions
and be satisfied upon them before they admit
men as Senators and Representatives in the
several bodies which constitute Congress. If
Congress have a right to inquire, (and I agree
with the President entirely on the subject,)
what have we done more than to inquire?
When Congress appointed this committee with
power to examine into the condition (for that
is all there was of it) of these so-called con-
federate States and report whether they were
in a fit condition to be represented by Sena-
tors and Representatives, what did we do more
than simply to endeavor to carry out precisely
what the President has laid down in his speech
as preliminary to the admission of Senators
and Representatives? I state this in order
that the country may understand what all this
noise has been about in reference to the ap-
pointment of this committee.
But the President undertakes to say that
legislative power has been granted to this com-
mittee ; that the power of legislation which Con-
gress possesses—he calls it'' the power of legis-
lation "—over the question of the admission of
Senators and Representatives has been passed
out of the hands of Congress and given to a
central power.
Mr. RAMSEY. "Central directory.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ A central directory,
which chooses to exercise this power. Sir, is
this committee of fifteen anything more than
the servant of Congress? Is any committee,
either joint or special, which is appointed, any-
thing more than the mere servant of Congress?
Can anv member of it, or the whole of it, set
up its will for a single day or a single hour or
a single moment against the will of the body
which constituted it? We were appointed for
a special purpose, to make inquiries, and report
to Congress the result of our inquiries; and for
what reason? Whatwas the great reason? Sim-
ply that neither branch, acting without suf-
ficient information, might take a course from
which the other branch "would difler, and thus
bring about a collision between the two bodies
which constitute the Congress. Under those
circumstances, is it quite fair to designate the
committee of fifteen as a central directory, as
a power assuming to judge and to decide ques-
tions which belong to the bodies winch the com-
mittee represents? Is it quite fair to desig-
nate it as a central power sitting here with a
view to get up the government of a few against
the government of the many? I can understand
the allusion in no otherway; arid if any gentle-
man can jjlae'eadiffer-ent'eonstMetion upon
I should like to have Mm do so. lam unwill■
ing myself, individually, to rest tinder such an
imputation. I have the honor to be one of that
commi tf ee. I never underst ood myself as any-
thing but the servant of Congress, pr 'df the
body which sent me there, to endeavor to ob-
tain information and to come to a conclusion
•upon which the body might act unflerStaniJ-
ingly; and that we have not come to a conclii-
sioa yet, is only a proof that the question is a
much larger one than gentlemen might have sup-
posed, and involves more consideration and
more examination than might possibly have
been apparent to those who looked only upon
the surface and judged only Aoia what they
could gather from common report.
If the Executive—and I mean to speak of
the President with respect, because I entertain
for him respect—has an idea that the several
points which he has suggested are prelimina-
ries to the admission of Senators and Repre-
sentatives from these States, the questionarises,
who is to excrcise that power of judgment?
Does it belong to us, if a Senator presents
himself here, to ascertain in the first place if
those conditions have been complied with On
the part of these States, or does it belong to
him ? The honorable Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Doolittle] undertakes to find fault with
something that I think he will find I did not
say. Probably he anticipated that I should
say it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I thoughtyou did say it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be; but if so,
I am very much mistaken. If 1 made a remark
of that kind I have-misconstrued the President;
and that brings me to a short consideration of"
the veto message. I will say in regard to that
message, that I had no very particular attach-
ment to the bill which was thus vetoed. In
sonic particulars it did not meet my approval.
I think some of the reasons which the- Presi-
dent gives for not approving it are such as
would commend themselves to public consid-
eration. It is a bill upon the provisions of
which there might well be a very considerable
difference of opinion. I yielded, however, the
objections I had, and one of them was very
much like that stated by my honorable friend
from West Virginia [Mr. Wit,ley] to the sixth
section of the bill, because I thought on con-
sideration that the power did exist, and it was
especially necessary to exercise it, and the bill
therefore received my vote. If the President
had confined himself in the objections which
he stated to a criticism of the bill itself, it is
very possible that I might have been quite
willing to waive my own feelings and opinions
in regard to the bill as it passed, and to sustain
his veto. But on looking at the veto message,
and the reasons given in it, it struck ine, that
after passing from the consideration of the pro-
visions of the bill which was sent to him, he
gave other reasons which rendered it impossi-
ble, in my judgment, for any_ member of this
Senate with a due respect to himself and to the
rights of the Senate and of Congress, to vote
otherwise than to sustain the bill they had sent
to him ; because a vote in the negative on the
question of its passage seems to indorse all lus
opinions whatever they may be, as expressed
in the veto message. I considered it so. At
any rate, I did not mean to put myself m the
position of indorsing, or being supposed for a
single instant to give my assent to the closing
parts of the veto message. "What do I under-
stand by the closing parts of that message ?
Simply that, in the judgment of the President,
Congress, as atprescnt organized, has no light
to pass any bill affecting the interests of the late
confederate States while they are not repre-
sen ted in Congress. Does the Senator from
Vvrisc.onsin say that that opinion is not definitely
expressed? T
Mr DOOLITTLE. Read the messege. I
do'not understand that to be the effect of what
is said by the President.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I understand that to
be the effect of it, 1 cannot understand it
