1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2905
rights of the States are brought up_. lind in
this outcry, as it now finds support in the dis-
pensing power and patronage that is brought
to its aid, not only those who have been long
known and recognized as enemies of every-
thing like progress and humanity, but others
who loved to walk with liberty and with jus-
tice when they wore their silver slippers, now
join in calling the men who stood by the civil
rights bill tinkers of the Constitution. These
men would walk upright with the great Union
and Republican party, which achieved this vic-
tory for law and order, if it were not for some
reason or other better to walk halt, limp, and
cry out as they see an opportunity to bring
thrift by so doing from those that are in power
for the time being. They are like that min-
ister in the kingdom of Assyria, who, having
come up to the prophet of the Lord with loud
professions of veneration for Jehovah in ac-
knowledgment of the great favor conferred on'
him, finally said:
"In this thing, the Lord pardon thy servant, that
when my master gocth into the house of ltimmon
to worship there, and ho leaneth on my hand, and 1
bow myself in the house of ltimmon; when I bow
down myself in the house of Himtaon, the Lord par-
don thy servant in this thing."
Every man whose master leans on his arm
is in the house of Rimmon, while the rights of
humanity are being invaded, and while every-
thing for which the war has been fought through
seas of blood is being trampled and defiled.
The civil rights bill, which stands prominent
among those measures which have been before
the House, has been met by opposition from
this class of men. But that 'law will stand
among the immortal things of the world when
the men whose voices have been raised against it
shall be forgotten, all at least but one of them,
and his memory perpetuated in the continuous
astonishment of successive generations that a
man could bo found who would consent to
place the veto of official power upon that meas-
ure at such a time. I am not hero to-day either
to call for vengeance on the South or to hurl
back epithets of disrespect which have been
thrown upon both branches of this Congress,
including some of the most noble minds that
the country contains. But I am here to say
that it would be well for some of those who
fancy they stand high in the seat of power to
reflect upon that which is to come when the
pen of history shall record the fate of those
who dared to cast themselves beneath the
wheels of progress at such an hour as this.
Mr. Speaker, there is one thing further I will
say, and I say it in pain, but I will say it be-
cause it springs not only from my own heart
but from the hearts of this whole people who
feel the warm blood of their fathers gushing
aboat their hearts when they think that our
martyred President lies in his bloody grave,
and that assassination has changed the Admin-
istration. I speak of it in pain. I would not
by this heap obloquy upon any official of the
United States, but I will speak for my country.
Have we ever known, since the Government
came into existence, or did we ever dream that
it should happen in the history of America, that
this thing should be; that such a lesson should
be taught the world as has been taught in olden
lands-and in Mexico and other disturbed and
distracted countries ; that the knife of the as-
sassin could smite down the head of the nation
and thereupon it should be lawful for a man to
change the administration of affairs, thus hold-
ing forth a perpetual invitation to every party
which will arise in the struggles of this country to
imitate that example and reap the reward ? We
have had nothing in our history which we can
contemplate with greater, more terrible forebod-
ing than this most melancholy spectacle, and
the people feel it. Ah ! they feel it as they walk
in the shadows of Oak Ridge, where sleeps the
murdered champion of our liberties and rights.
Who can contemplate without a shudder the
spectaclc we now present and the terrible con-
senuenccs of such a precedent as this?
Now, sir, when all other arguments are ex-
hausted, the opponents ofthesebillsandamend-
ments claiixij as a last resort, that State rights
are invaded. What are State rights, sir? _ Re-
served rights. And what are the reserved rights
of the States? _ Manifestly they are legal rights
which were existing anterior to the Union and
inherent in the States. Could a State reserve
any other rights than these? The States clearly
reserved the rights they had, and not the rights
they had not. Now, was it ever known in the
world that a State could reserve a right or have
a right, either in this Union or out of it, to do
manifest injustice? The rights reserved by the
States must be inherent rights; and if we in-
quire what are inherent rights, we are referred
to the compact of society. What is the com-
pact of society? The legal fiction by which
each man is supposed to have given up_a por-
tion of his rights that he mighty come in and
enjoy the privileges and immunities which soci-
ety bestows. To suppose that one man gives
up more than another or gives up the same to
receive less than another, or that one class of
society gives up more than another or gives up
the same to receive less than another, is to sup-
pose a fraud upon that individual or class. _ It
is to deny the compact of society by denying
mutuality therein, for mutuality is the essence
of every contract, even in one made in terms,
the parties being present and consenting; and
much more so as to a contract which never was
in fact made, but is supposed in order to found
a right in all to affect the rights of each.
The States never had the right, and there-
fore never reserved it, to fight against and
oppose such measures as these. Why, sir, the
very object of establishing this Government
was to make it sure that no Government should
ever exist upon this continent capable of deny-
ing or having the power to deny these rights.
This is why we are to-day citizens of this Re-
public.
Again, I say that justice is what we must
have as the security of freedom or wo are de-
stroyed. What says the ancient maxim con-
cerning the duty and discretion of judges?
Discretio est discertiere per legem justitiam.—
that the judge shall discern justice by the law.
This maxim, like any other of transcendent
truth, affirms two truths at once. First, that
the judge shall discern justice by the law, and
not otherwise. Secondly, that by the law he
shall discern justice, and not anything else.
This, bear in mind, is the maxim concerning
the discretion of the judge, a dispenser of jus-
tice according to laws already formed. But
with how much more force does it apply to the
legislator. When he comes to lay down the
first principles of law and build a government,
he must go by the law, and in that law discern
justice and nothing else. Now, I maintain that
the series of measures here proposed, and which
have been partly passed, have embodied in them
more of justice and more of freedom and more
of magnanimity than the world has ever seen in
any similar case, or than those engaged in this
rebellion had any right to expect.
In regard to the constitutional amendment
and the disfranchisement it piovides, about
which so much has been said, let it be borne
in mind that the Constitution, of which our
friends are so tenacious, makes these men
traitors, the punishment of whom is death, as
provided by their fathers and not by us.
Therefore, since they come before us stripped
of their rights by their own offenses, this, as I
take it, is an enabling act to them which con-
fers upon them rights that they had no_ground
to claim, and in a very limited time of proba-
tion restores them to the position in which
they stood when they cast their rights, civil
and political, into the furnace of this rebellion.
Then there is a proposition for changing the
basis of representation. For one, I cannot do
otherwise than support that proposition, for I
had the honor to write with my own hand and
bring the same proposition last January to
this House, and after so modifying it that it
should not even say that a State might under
any circumstances, disfranchise any of its
inhabitants, offered it here. And haying so
done, I stand by it to-day as I stood by it then,
and as I gave on that occasion all the reasons
I had to urge in favor of its adoption I will
not repeat them now. v
Upon those rational and reasonable propo-
sitions being ratified by the" people, this bill
comes in and says that these insurrectionary
States shall again come back into the family
of the Union with the rights which they for-
feited when they attempted to strike down the
Government of their country. But thte bill is
assailed at once; just as in a court of law-there
can be found attorneys ready to take the side
of any criminal however vile, so in the field
of politics, and in the forum of this nation,
you find men who are ever ready to defend the
last right, ay, and the last wrong of these trai-
tors, from the chief arch-conspirator who is
now luxuriating at Fortress Monroe, down to
Semmes, who made the ocean red with the
blood and fire he brought upon our shelterless
commerce.
Mr. WRIGHT. Why do you not try that
arch-traitor, as you call him?
Mr. BROMWELL. Becauselam notajudge
nor a prosecuting attorney, and have nothing
to do with it. But 1 say these men do not lack
defenders. There are apologists for these trai-
tors ; there are men who to-day are using every
means to make "the worse appear the better
cause," and gild over and varnish their most
damnable crimes that posterity may gaze upon
them as heroes in a "lost cause." That is the
term they now use, "our lost cause." Doubt-
less there will be soon to hear from another
" lost cause" in this country, and I trust in God
there may.
I allude to the attempt to foist upon us in
this country a third party, having neither object
nor aim, unless it be to prop up and force t^e
traitors into the power from which they were
driven by the war. I think it will soon be upon
the same ground as the "lost cause," for the
American people have not stood at the guns
for four years in vain, and borne the burdens
and sorrows of war for naught; they are not
now to gather the apples of Sodom when they
come to pluck the fruits of victory. It may be
partly successful for a time ; but let me ask
those who stand up for it to bear in mind
that ancient maxim to which I have before now
called their attention, that "the feet of the
avenging gods are shod with wool." They
move as noiselessly and as surely as the foot
of time. The retribution may not be heralded
in its coming, but its advance is inevitable as
fate. The falsities and subterfuges of men will
melt as snow before the anger of the American
people, who are now bearded and mocked by
the men who were lately defying our flag and
laws as leaders of the rebel uimies.
These bills, sir, present a most magnanimous
picture of the minds of our people: and I am
glad they do. I am not here to curse the South.
I do not wish to punish the South. I only ask
for justice and security: but these I will demand
until the latest hour. But God do so to_mP if
to-day I would vote on solitary bill in this
House from any motive ot revenge, or with a
desire to humiliate or.make mean any people
within the bounds of our broad Republic.
The grand cause of our troubles, slavery, has
we know benefited the South more than the
North. But 1 am not here prepared to charge
the South alone with all the crime. If the
ocean was paved with the bones of captives
(tying on their way to the southern markets,
shir® of the North were furnished to carry on
the horrid traffic. If a southern taskmaster
cracked his whip above the trembling victim m
the rice swamp, the northern money-changer
I shut out the sound by the jingle of the gold
! which the barbarism produced for us. If the
i bloodhound tore the flesh from the victim, as
' he fled from brutal and savage punishment, the
1 jails of the North yawned for his cowering form
even when he appealed for protection at the
altars of Christ the Lord. _
It was in a. land of civilization these things
were done. It was in a land of Bibles these
things were done. "Who wonders, then, that
the punishment fell upon us? Who wonders
that our rivers ran with blood, and that ihe
