B866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
Mr. STEWART. I will state that the objec-
tion that the Senator from Iowa makes about
getting communication from the Bast to the
Sandwich islands is a matter of no importance
whatever, for the reason that the steamers
coming from the East will make three, four,
or five days quicker time to San Francisco
than they otherwise would. It is only about
a five days' trip from there to the Sandwich
Islands. There will only be a difference of a
day or two days in mail facilities from China,
and I apprehend that that is not a very impor-
tant consideration.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 will suggest to the Senator
that it is possible that the steamer going from
San Francisco to the Sandwich Islands might
not start on the day that a steamer reached
San Francisco from China; and they might
not possibly make a close connection.
Mr. STEWART. There might be a day or
two lost.
Mr. GRIMES. But, Mr. President, I sup-
pose it is a foregone conclusion that this joint
resolution is to pass, and I have no disposition
to press any further objections to its passage,
exccpt that I desire to record my vote against
it. 1 have this to say: when it was first intro-
duced, as I then said, my whole opposition
was predicated upon statements that had been
made to me by gentlemen connected with the
Navy. Since that time I have received a large
number of communications from gentlemen
connected with commerce, especially from men
who are engaged in the Pacific ocean trade,
thanking me for my opposition and desiring
that I should continue it. I do not feel that
I am constrained to do so after the Senators
from Massachusetts—a State that owns the
principal part of that commerce—have ceased
to entertain any hostility to the measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sena-
tor from Connecticut to the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will not be
adopted.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, it is
extremely singular how persons are wisely
informed about the commerce of the Pacific
who could not give the locality of an island in
all that vast sea. Its policies and its necessi-
ties seem to bo without the range of informa-
tion that generally obtains. 1 do not com-
plain, because we have been kindly and wcil
treated by the Federal Government, but many
Senators take exceptions and raise points in
regard to things about which they must bo igno-
rant. The subsidy of $500,000is nota donation
for that service; it is an inducement to fur-
nish that service. I doubted much when that
inducement was offered by Congress whether it
would induce any one to engage in that great
enterprise. This company were induced to
engage in it. They sustain a policy which
belongs to the public as much as it does 1o
themselves, because we would have no busi-
ness to pay a subsidy to this lino unless it was
a public enterprise. It is to command the
commerce of the Pacific, to establish our rela-
tions with Japan and China, to add to the
wealth of the nation, and $500,000 was thought
here to bo a reasonable sum in payment for it.
I did not think then that it was sufficient; I do
not think now it is large enough. Eight hun-
dred thousand dollars a year was paid to the
Collins line of steamers for running across the
Atlantic, only two thirds the distance across
the Pacific, and that on a line where there was
a very large amount of travel and an estab-
lished' business. I trust this will not be con-
sidered as a matter of giving, but as a mat-
ter of inducement. To make a rapid line be-
tween our coasts and China is of public impor-
tance. To establish our relations with the
Sandwich Islands is also a matter of impor-
tance. As the joint resolution stands, with the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, I do not think that any person can make
a reasonable objection to it, because for the
$550,000 millions will roll into the public
Treasury as the result of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Foster] to the amendment
' of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wil-
son.]
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 17, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Cowan, Fessenden, Foster,
Grimes, Guthrie, johnson, Kirltwood, Morgan, Nor-
ton, Pomeroy, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague,
Trumbull, and AVilley—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler, Con-
ness, Crap-in, Creswell,I-Iarris,Henderson,Hendricks,
Howard, Howe, MeDoufrall, Nesmith/Nyc, Kamsey,
Stewart, Sumner, V an Winkle, AV ade, Williams, Wil-
son, and Y<ites—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Dixon, Doolit-
tle, Edmunds, Lane of Indiana, Lane ofKansas, Mor-
rill, Poland, and Wright—10.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts by
adding as a proviso :
Provided, That the release contained in the first
section shall not take effect until said Pacific Mail
Steamship Company shall enter into contract with
the Post Office Department to make oneadditional
trip to China and Japan, and also a monthly trip to
Honolulu, for the compensation provided in the sec-
ond section.
Mr. WILSON. I accept that amendment
as a modification of my amendment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion, then, is on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts as modified.
The amendment, as modified, was adopted.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered-to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler, Con-
noss, Cowan, Cragin, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Nes-
nuth, Norton, Nye, Ramses-, Stewart, Sumner, Van
Winkle. Wade, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes,
Guthrie, Johnson. Kirkwood, Morgan, Pomeroy, Kid-
dle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, and
Wiiloy—'15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Creswell, Davis, Dix-
on, Doolitlle, Edmunds, Lane ofKansas, Morrill,
Poland, and Wright—10.
So the resolution was passed.
i'.ilks introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
406) to reorganize the clerical force of the War
Department, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. VAN WINKLE asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. 11. No. 133) to change the
place of holding the terms of the circuit court
for the district of West Virginia; which was read
twice by its title and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 00) in regard to rations of Union
soldiers held as prisoners of war; and also that
the Ilonse had concurred in the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
vote upon the bill (S. No. 343) to quiet land
titles in California.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S.
No. 115) for a grant of lands to the State of
Kansas to aid in the construction of the North-
ern Kansas railroad and telegraph ; and it was
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore.
legislative, etc., approj'juation bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
hill (H. It. No. 213) making appropriations for tho
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1867, having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommcud, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 62, 113,116,117, 122,123,136, 137,130, and
145. and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their one hundred
and eighteenth, one hundred and thirty-first, one
hundred and thirty-second, one hundred and thirty-
third, and one hundred and thirty-fourth amend-
ments.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the one hundred and fortieth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment as
follows:
t Strike out all of said Senate amendment, beingt sec-
tion six, and insert in lieu thereof the following: "Sue.
6. And be it further enacted, That the female clerks
and counters employed in the several Departments
and bureaus whose appointments are made by the
several heads of Departments under the provisions
of law, and whose legal compensation has heretofore
amounted to $720 each per annum, and the female
clerks employed at the Post OfficeDepartmentshall,
from and after the 30th day of Juno, 1866, receive in
lieu of all other compensation an annual salary of
$900 each per annum: and the amount necessary to
pay the increased salaries herein provided ior, for
the fiscal year ending June 30,1867, is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in tho Treasury not other-
wise appropriated;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-fourth amendment of the
Senate and agree to tho same with an amendment
as follows:
In lino nine of said amendment, strike out all after
the words " authorized to " down to and including
the word " due," in line ten, and insert in lieu thereof
tho following words: "make said adjustment;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That tho Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the eighty-seventh
amendment of tho Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate agree to so much of the amend-
ment of tho House to the one hundred and twenty-
fourth amendment of the Senate as is embraced in
the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and to and in-
cluding the word "dollars," in the sixth lineof said
Houso amendment; and disagree to the balance of
said amendment, and the House agree to tho same
as so modified.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the thirtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same.
That the Ilouse recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-first amendment of tho Senate, and to their
amendment of the same; and agree to said Senate
amendment with an amendment as follows:
Strike out all of said Senate amendment after the
word "services,"in line five, and insert in lieu thereof
thofollowingwords: " Provided further, That so much
of tho appropriation of $250,000 granted by act ap-
proved March 2,1S65, for compensation to temporary
clerks in the Treasury Department and for additional
compensation to clerks in the same Department as
remains unexpended, shall bo divided as follows,
namely: $100 each shall be paid to the clerks in
said Department of tho fiivt and second elas--cs, who
have not received any additional compensation out
of said appropriation, and who shall have served m
said capacity for one year previously to July 1,1866;
and $100 shall be paid to each person employed in
said Department, appointed by the Secretary, at an
annual salary amounting to less than $1,200, and who
shall have served under such appointment tor one
year previous to July 1, 1866; and if the balance of
said appropriation remaining unexpended shall be
insufficient to pay said clerks and appointees, the
sum of $100 each as herein provided the deficiency
shall be supplied and paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated;" and the Sen-
ate agree to the same.
That the Houso recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-second amendment of the
Senate, and agrea to the same with an amendment, as
follows: in line five of said amendment insert the
following words: " who shall be the draughtsman;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
AY. P. FESSENDEN,
GEORGE H. AVILL1AMS,
T. A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
TIIADDEUS STEVENS,
JOHN A. KASSON,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in,
southern pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 387.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill
having been informally laid aside is now reg-
ularly before the Senate.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 387) to secure the speedy construc-
tion of the Northern Pacific railvoad and tel-
egraph line, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to amend one of
