986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23s,
otherwise. I wish I was mistaken. I do not
say that he asserts we have no legal right to
do it, but that we have no moral right. If the
Senate will excuse me, I will read that portion
of the message:
" I cannot but add another very grave objection to
this bill. The Constitution imperatively declares, in
connection with taxation, that each State shall have
at least one Representative, and fixes the rule tor tho
number to which, in future times, each State shall be
entitled. Italso providesthattheSenateoftheunited
States shall be composed of two Senators from each
State; and adds, with peculiar force, 'that no State,
without its consent, shall bo deprived of its equal suf-
frage in the Senate.' The original act was necessarily
passed in the absence of the States chiefly to be af-
fected, because their people were then contumaciously
engaged in the rebellion. Now the case is changed,
and some, at lea&t, of those States are attending1Con-
gress by loyal representatives, soliciting the_ allow-
ance of the constitutional righ t of representation. At
tho time, however, of the consideration and thopass-
ing of this bill, there was no Senator or Representa-
tive in Congress from tho eleven States which are to
bo mainly affected by its provisions. The very fact
that reports were and are made ngainstthc good dis-
position of the people of that portion of tho country
is an additional reason why they need, and should
have, representatives of their own in Congress to
explain their condition, roply to accusations, and
assist, by their local knowledge, in the perfecting of
measures immediately affecting themselves. While
tho liberty of deliberation would then bo free, and
Congress would have full power to deeido according
to its judgment, there could bo 110 objection urged
that tbe Slates most interested hud not been permit-
ted to he heard. Tho prineiplo is lirmly fixed in tho
minds of tho American people, that thero should bo
>10 taxation without representation. Great biudons
have now to bo borne by all the country,.and wo may
best, demand that they shall lie borne without mur-
mur when I hey are voted by a majority of tho repre-
sentatives of all (lie people."
I (hi not contend that lie says in so many
words thai, we have 110 legal right to pass a
hill ; but tho objection that lie makes goes to
the foundation, that 110 bill affecting the rights
■or the interests ol' the so-oaUcd confederate
States shall be passed by Congress until Rep-
resentatives and Senators from those States are
permitted to lake part in our deliberations. It
follows necessarily, if thai he a correct position,
that iii.i'elation to those States which have been
recently in rebellion, which have fought for four
years against, the Government, ami endeavored
to overturn it., we can pass 110 law affecting
them, or restraining them, or providing any-
thing no matter what, with reference to a
change of the Constitution or anything else,
until wo admit their Representatives and their
.Senators upon the door of Congress. 1 under-
stand that, to bo the necessary inference. The
President, argues it; he slates it argumentu-
tively, to be sure, but, then that is the. inevi-
table result, that, our moral right, to legislate
11(1011 anything which affects their interests is
gone ; and particularly, that, we have 110 power
<0 puss any la« or any rule or make any con-
dition with regard lo Iheni, but that, we are
bound to take them just as they are 11^011 their
.say so; and when tliey are hero, acting with
ns, we may proceed to legislate. I decline to
give my assent to any such proposition.
.Mr. 1)01 HdTTLL. i certainly do not wish
to in I (irrupt the honorable Senator in the course
of his argument, lmt 
Mr. FHSSKN DFX. It. is 110 interruption at
•■til. I am perfectly willing lo hear anything the
•Senator desires to say.
Mr. l>OOUTTLIi. T only rise now testate
that I understand (lie force of that portion of
(he message to beadiseussion of the propriety,
not the power, of legislation. It is a question
of propriety whether it. would not, be better, if
loyal re|)ieseiitali\i's are here, and the States
aie (it to lie 1 cpi'iisented, that we should have
them hereand consult with them when legislat-
ing for their States.
Mr. FIJSSFN 1)FN\ lint, he makes that a
ground for his veto ; and if he can veto one bill
upon that ground, he will and must, for tho sake
of consistency, veto every other bill we pass
on that subject. Why is ihis in the message?
What necessity was there for it in this message?
The gentleman talks about the propriety of the
thing. When the propriety of the thing is made
a speeilie ground lor refusing to sign a bill, that
sense of propriety applies to every other bill
that may affect the interests of those States ;
does it not?
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I do not understand that
to be stated as aground of the veto at all. You
ask why it is there. He states it as an impro-
priety, in his judgment.
Mr. FESS'liXOEN. _':I cannot but add
another very grave objection to this bill." _ Is
not that a ground of objection to the bill?
That is the way the paragraph commences.
If the President had given us a little friendly
advice in relation to that matter, disconnected
entirely with a statement of it as an objection
to the measure under consideration, nobody
would have received it with better nature and
better grace than myself. I might not have
acceded to his reasons, but 1 would have re-
ceived them with all respect, and perhaps on
some matters we should agree very much better
than we would appear to do when he stands in
the position of President vetoing the bill, and
I in the position of a Senator commenting upon
it. But my objection to it was just there ; he
makes the fact that Senators and Representa-
tives have not been admitted from those States
an objection to this bill; and while it stands
so it is an objection to any bill, 110 matter
what, that wo may choose to pass, or anything
that we may choose to do which by any possi-
bility may affect the interests of those States.
The gentleman cannot get rid of it or crawl out
of it.
Striking mo with tho force that this position
of the veto message did, whatever I might think
of the President's other objections to the bill,
and however I might treat them, that is one
ground which rendered it impossible for mo to
yield my assent, by agreeing to waive my own
opinions in reference to the measure itself, and
to suppurt his with a view to get something ; be-
cause j ou see that goes to the very foundation.
No bill, the Senate will perceive, touching a
Freedmen's Bureau, no bill touching any other
interest connected with the colored people, no
bill touching anything that may affect the south-
ern States, can in any way pass upon groundlike
thai.
Let us go a little further, sir. T received the
impression that the President really undertook
to limit what I understood to bo the powers of
Congress in relation to this matter, and to show
that- I will read a little more of the message.
After speaking on the subject of introducing
legislation before admitting Senators and Rep-
resentatives from these States into Congress,
he says:
" 1 would not interfere with tho unquestionable
right of t'ongn^s to jui!;;c, each Ileu.^e lot itself, 'of
tho elections, returns, and onalitications of its own
members.' Hut that aiithorily cannot ho construed
as including the right to shutout, in time ol peace,
any State Irom the representation to wlucli it is en-
titled by the Constitution."
111 his speech yesterday, he said:
"1 say that when they comply with tho Constitu-
tion, when they have given sufficient evidence of their
loyalty and that thcyean bo trusted, when they yield
ohedienee lo the law, 1 sav cvtend to them the right
iia.ud of fellowship, aud let poaeo and union be rc-
stoved."
lie is talking theic about, representation. Is
it not a plain, distinct, indisputable inference
from what 1 have road from the, veto message,
that, we ennnot judge upon any question except
the simple question of tho elections, returns,
and qualifications of our own members? Let
11s hear what, be goes on to say in that mes-
sage :
"At present, all the people of eleven States nre
excluded—Ihose who were most faithful during the
war not, loss th.1,11 others. The State of Tennessee,
for instance, who-'e authorities engaged in rebellion,
wa" restored to all her constitutional relations to the
brnon by the patriotism and energy of her injured
and betiwyed people."
Does he mean us to judge upon the position
of the State of Tennessee?
" Befui e the war was brought to a termination they
had placed themselves in relations with tho General
Government, had established a State government of
their own, ami, as they were not included in the eman-
cipation proclamation, they, by their own act, had
amended their constitution so as to abolish slavery
within the limits of their State. I know 110 rear-on
why the State of Tennepsee, !<u- example, should not
tally enioy 'all her constitutional relations to the
United States.'"
I shall not read any more from the message,
though it contains other language which goes to
confirm the same idea. If I have mistaken the
view of the President, I shall be very glad to
be corrected by him or by anybody that is au-
thorized to speak for him; and one would think
there are plenty of those gentlemen about,; but
what he says is, substantially, in my judgment,
this: "I have come to the conclusion that
these States are in the Union to be represented
in the councils of the nation, and particularly
is the State of Tennessee. I admit that certain
things must be done; they must show their
loyalty, but I am the person to decide upon
whether those things have been done: whether
that loyalty has been shown; whether that con-
dition has been complied with, and all other
conditions that I mayjudgenecessary, and when
I have decided that question with reference to
these States, Congress may take np the ques-
tion of the elections, qualifications, and returns
of themembers who present themselves to them,
inquire into that, and have nothing to do but
to settle the question whether they come within
the description of the Constitution or not."
If the President does not mean that, then the
question is for Congress to decide. If he does
mean that, the issue of which I spolte is directly
presented to Congress. For myself, I could not
rest, as a Senator of the Cnited States, content
with my position; I could not believe that I was
faithful to the great interests committed to my
care, connected with others as I am, by the
State which sent me here, if I yielded for a
moment to tho idea, come from what source it
may, that anybody but Congress had the right
with reference to Senators and Representatives
to settle preliminarily the question whether the
States that sent them here were entitled to have
Senators and Representatives or not.
Sir, we should be yielding everything, we
should have no power left, we should be less
than children, we should hardly be entitled to
call ourselves slaves, if a question upon which
the very existence of these bodies, the Senate
and House of Representatives may depend, the
question of whether a State, or a body of men,
or an organization anywhere is entitled to rep-
resentation here, is not for us to settle and us
alone, so far as those proposed members are
concerned, without any dictation from anybody,
ay, without any advice from anybody. The
President is by the Constitution authorized and
required to give information to Congress from
time to time on tho state of public affairs; but
upon a question affecting the representation in
the Senate or in the House of Representatives,
I10 is not competent«ven to advise us, from his
position and from the necessity that exists that
all these different branches of tbe Government
should be entirely independent of each other.
I am free to say I should consider myself as sit-
ting in a body bound hand and foot, having no
power, 110 rights, 110 independence, no char-
acter, if I thought I was compelled to ask the
opinion of any one with regard to the right oi
a Senator to sit upon this floor and the right of
the State which sent him here to be represented
upon this floor. It is a question for us, and
only for us.
Looking, therefore, upon these two argu-
ments in this part of the veto message as I did,
one distinctly indicating that, no legislation af-
fecting the States which have recently been in
rebellion would meet with the approval of tne
President while those States were not repre-
sented here, the other that all the considera-
tion that we as members of tho Senate had a
right to give to this subject was to look at the
papers presented and say whether men coming
here had the proper credentials from some-
body, leaving the question to be settled at the
other end of tho avenue whether or not the
States themselves had aright to be represented
on this floor—while I considered those two
things as not only shadowed forth, but distinctly
stated in the veto message, I could not hesitate
for a single instant to say that where such rea-
sons were given for the veto of a bill, I could
not, without sacrificing alf my self-respect, and
what, is of more consequence as far as I am
concerned, sacrificing all the rights and honors
of tho body of which I am a member, vote to
