1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3867
the amendments of the bill in which the Senate
have already concurred. In lines nine and
ten of section three, on page 4, I move to
strike out the words " the issuing of" and in-
sert after " patents" the words "shall become
due so as to read, "that the lands to which
said company shall be entitled shall not be
subject to any general or local taxation for
any purpose whatever for the period of five
years after patents shall become duo for the
same." It might occur that the company
would omit to take out the patents for an un-
reasonable length of time; hence the necessity
of making the exemption to commence from
the time the patents are due under the charter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I now submit the motion
which I indicated yesterday, to recommit this
bill. I have a number of amendments, but I
will not offer them until that question is dis-
posed of. I move that it be recommitted to
the committee, so that we may consider it
during the vacation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Wisconsin. Does
he yield to the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had better vote on
the recommitment. I have a number of amend-
ments which I wish to offer if my motion is
voted down.
Mr. HOWE. I have some amendments
which I propose to offer before the bill is
recommitted.
Mr. SHERMAN. Of course if the Senator
is entitled to the floor he will do as he pleases.
Mr. HOWE. I supposed that I was in favor
of this bill; I certainly am in favor of the con-
struction of a road to the Pacific through the
northern portion of the United States, and I
supposed that such a bill was before the Sen-
ate as I could support. The Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Cragin,] in the remarks he
made yesterday, gave me the rirst intimation I
had that there was anything in this bill that
was specially objectionable. Since then I have
examined the bill, and without some pretty
serious amendments I shall be obliged to vote
against it, and I propose now to indicate what
those objections are which I wish removed. I
hope the Senator from Michigan will give me
his attention, if no one else does.
In the first section of the bill it is provided
that the United States shall guaranty the stock
of the company. " Whenever and as often as
the commissioners named in the fourth section
of the act of incorporation shall report the
completion of twenty-five or more consecutive
miles of said road," the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is requested "to pledge the credit of the
United States in such form as the Secretary of
the Treasury shall prescribe, to the payment
of the interest of the stock of the said com-
pany on the portion of said road thus com-
pleted, and at the rate per mile hereinafter
specified, from the date of the issue of the
same and for a period not exceeding twenty
years from the date of said issue."
In other words, whenever the company shall
have built twenty-five miles of road the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is authorized to guaranty
the stock of the road equal to the construction
as estimated hereafter in the bill, and guar-
anty the interest on that stock from the date
of the issue of the stock ; so that if on the
organization of the company the company shall
issue the whole $150,000,000 of stock receiv-
ing the smallest percentage down and subject
to call hereafter, whenever the last twenty-five
miles is completed, then for a certain amount
of that stock, although it may not be completed
for fifteen years from this time or from the
time the slock is dated, the Secretary is called
upon to guaranty interest upon it from the
date of the issue of the stock. I think it is
sufficient if the interest, on this stock is guar-
antied from the date of the completion of the
section, and \ shall move to amend it in that
particular.
Mr. HOWARD. I supposed that to be the
effect of the bill as it stands.
Mr. WILLIAMS. So I understood.
Mr. HOWE. I think that is not the effect
of it. _ In line fourteen of section one I move
to strike out the words '' issue of the same''
and insert " completion of said section."
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, pending that amend-
ment, I submit the motion to recommit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moves to recommit this bill to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have quite a number
of amendments to offer; but it is not worth
while to take up time with them if the bill is
to be recommitted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator propose to commit with instructions?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; I move to re-
commit without instructions.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator to with-
draw that motion. I have several amendments
which I wish to offer.
Mr. SHERMAN. So have I, and I have
more amendments than the Senate is willing
to devote time to considering on this bill. I
wish to avoid any further controversy, because
I believe—I hope at least—that the Senate will
let the bill go over until the next session. The
motion to recommit will clear this bill out of
the way of the other business of the session.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish the Senator from
Ohio would withdraw his motion and let this
amendment be made.> It simply makes the
clause more definite and exact in its phrase-
ology and meaning. I think the amendment
does not alter the legal effect of the clause,
and I am entirely willing to accept the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. SHERMAN. I prefer that the motion
to recommit be made now. I am notified that
other Senators have amendments. There is
no use in wasting time with them.-
Mr. HOWxVRD. If the Senator from Ohio
will insist upon his motion and cut off so sim-
ple an amendment as this, 1 am willing to sub-
mit it to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have to say, in reply to
the observation of my friend.from Michigan,
that if this bill be recommitted, as he seems to
be in favor of the amendment, he will have
ample opportunity in committee to amend it
in this and several other particulars; and I
have some other amendments.
Mr. HOWARD. I am entirely aware of
that; but I do not intend, so far as depends
on me, to have it recommitted. I think that
entirely unnecessary. 1 understand quite well
that the Senator from Ohio is opposed to the
passage of any such measure as this, and the
recommitment, therefore, is proposed at this
time as one of the means of getting rid of the
bill and finally defeating it. I do not propose
to reargue the whole of the subject at this time
on the motion to recommit. The Senate are
already sufficiently possessed of the contents
of the bill, its object, and the necessity of it, if
there be such necessity. I hope the Senate
will not recommit the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say, before the
vote is taken on this proposition to recommit
the bill, that I think it is better that the Sena-
tor should prepare his amendments and offer
them to the bill. I am prepared, though
friendly to the bill, to vote for some amend-
ments which will make some changes in the
grants made, but opposed to recommitting.
Mr. SHERMAN. Aside from my opposition
to this bill—it is not necessary for me to repeat
it—I say in good faith to the Senator that the
bill in its present shape would be, I think, a
very absurd thing to pass, aside from its gen-
eral merits, and I have amendments which I
did submit to the Senator from California on
which I desired the judgment of the Senator
from Michigan. When we take this bill up in
committee I will submit the amendments to
the committee. We shall have ample time to
discuss it. No injury can be effected by the
delay in the passage of this bill: the lands are
still unsold and our Government credit is still
unaffected. You will be no worse off in legis-
lating next winter, and I think the loss of a few
months in the construction of this work will
not be very serious.
Mr. HOWARD. It is certainly not an un-
reasonable request to make of the Senator
from Ohio that he would present his amend-
ments now and let us consider them. My
own idea is, that we can very easily perfect
this bill, and if it has friends enough in the
Senate we shall have time to pass it. It ia
essential to this company that they should be
informed whether it be the purpose of Con-
gress to render them any aid during the pres-
ent season to assist them in carrying on this
great and magnificent undertaking. It is im-
portant to them to know whether they can go
into the market and borrow money upon any-
thing like reasonable terms, as other railroad
companies are compelled to do in order to
prosecute their undertakings; and it seems to
me that if the honorable Senator from Ohio is
in any degree willing to render the company
aid by granting the credit of the Government-
to it, in this or any other form, this is the time
when he ought to express it, and certainly the
time when the Senate ought to express it. They
cannot raise a dollar of money by borrowing
in the markets at the present time unless they
borrow upon their own individual responsibil-
ity, for the reasons which I stated yesterday.
The markets are full of the bonds and securi-
ties of those other great railroad corporations
which we have chartered and which are now
engaged in the prosecution of their work, and
possess farboader facilities for borrowing money
than this road does. I regard this road as ne-
cessary to the prosperity of the country and
its true interests as even the Union Pacific
railroad, and I see no reason for making fish
of one and flesh of the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on my motion to recommit.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to know whether
this motion contemplates the postponement of
this measure until the next session of Congress
or not.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to recommit the bill to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad. There is no further
motion.
Mr. HOWARD. The effect of recommitting
will be to throw it over to the next session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly that is my
purpose. I never conceal a matter of that
kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Before the vote is taken,
I desire to state that I ha\ e paired off on all
questions about this road with the Senator from
West Virginia, [Mr. Van Winkle.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie,
Harris, Henderson, Johnson, Kirkwood, Morgan,
Kiddle, Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, and Willey—2).
HAYS—Messrs. Conness, Cragin. Hendricks, How-
ard, Howe, MeDousall, Morrill, Nesmith, Norton,
N.ve, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Sumner,
Wade, Williams, "Wilson, and Yates—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Creswell, Dixon, Doo-
little, Edmunds, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
Saulsbury, Van Winkle, and Wright—10.
So the motion to recommit was agreed to.
PEKSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WILSON. The other day, when a de-
bate arose here with regard to the tariff bill,
in reply to the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hen-dricks,] who had referred to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means of
the other House, Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, I
said that Mr. Morrill had put upon him, by
a vote of the House, an increase of duties on
iron and on coal. I learn that I am reported
as having said "wool" instead of "coal." I
certainly could not have so intended, because
no such vote was taken. On iron and on coal
the House of Representatives increased the
duty over the rates reported by Mr. Mokiull.
, I regret that this mistake should have "been
| made, either by a slip of the tongue on my part
I or by an inaccuracy in the report. It is more
