1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2907
has always been insufficient; and the pay being
low, there has been ingrafted upon the sys-
tem, as a traditionary mode of eking it out,
various allowances. And those allowances
have been changed and varied from time to
time, with a general tendency to increase,
until now what is given to an officer as his com-
pensation is made up in some small proportion
of pay proper, but in a very much more con-
siderable proportion of allowances.
Now, the object of this bill is to simplify
this whole matter, and to readjust the system
of payment, so that Army officers shall here-
after be paid as naval officers are paid and as
civil officers are paid, by yearly salaries^ given
to officers in their several grades according to
the nature of their services and responsibili-
ties, with as few allowances as may be possible.
This bill increases the pay beyond what ap-
pears upon the statute-books as the recognized
and established pay proper, but not the full
compensation including pay proper and allow-
ances. Now, you may take the pay of an offi-
cer of the Army of any grade; for instance,
look at the pay of a major general as it now
stands upon your statute-book. The pay proper
of a major general is $220 per month, or a
yearly aggregate of $2,040. Now, according
to this bill, which makes his pay $6,000 or
$7,000, it might be supposed that his pay is
very largely increased: bilt the truth is that
which is called "pay" is proportionately but
a small part of the money which a major gen-
eral actually receives. He is allowed commu-
tation for four servants at sixteen dollars per
month each, or $768 a year. The allowance
■ for clothing for those four servants is $312per
year. He is allowed for subsistence for him-
self fifteen rations per day for three hundred
and sixty-five days, or five thousand four hun-
dred and seventy-five per year ; and for his
servants four rations per clay, or fourteen hun-
dred and sixty per year, making an aggregate
of six thousand nine hundred and thirty-live
rations, which, at thirty cents per ration, would
make §2,080 50. This is allowed him for
subsistence for himself and servants, without
taking into account the possibility of his hav-
ing charge of a military department, when his
allowance for rations, for himself at least, is
doubled. Then there is an allowance for forage
for horses. A major general is allowed to draw
forage for five horses, amounting, at the pres-
ent appraised value of forage here in this city,
to $208 50 for each horse, making an addition
of $1,042 50. This, however, the officer draws
in kind for the horses he actually keeps ; he
cannot, under the present law as changed some
three years ago, have commutation in money
for forage. If stationed at this city, or any-
where else at a post, a major general has an
allowance for fuel; and at the price estimated
for fuel in this city this allowance to a major
general is, when commuted in cash, $50!) 62.
Then there is commutation for the number of
rooms which he is allowed, being, by the pres-
ent regulations, eighteen dollars for each room
in this city, twelve dollars in New York, and
nine dollars elsewhere, making, in this city,
$1,296 more. The total is $8,648 02, all of
which is drawn in cash, with the exception of
the forage for horses, amounting in value to
$1,042'50.
About the same proportion prevails in_regard
to the other officers. For instance, a brigadier
general here in Washington receives a brigadier
general's pay, $1,488; but by reason of the
allowances in cash, and $884, the value of the
forage allowed in kind, his actual pay, without
double rations, amounts to $6,209 75; thus
illustrating what I have stated, that with respect
to all these officers, the pay proper bears but a
small proportion to the amount actually paid to
them for their services to the Government. I
might, wilh the paper which 1 have before ine,
exhibit and comment upon the difference be-
tween the pav proper of the various officers of
subordinate grades, showing the same differ-
ence. But I will not do this now, being ready,
however to make any explanation upon these
subjects to any gentleman who may wish to
make any inquiry. Thejre is, also, I may say,
a class of allowances not included in this state-
ment, one particularly, the longevity ration,
which increases the pay by the addition of a
ration for every five years' faithful service, that
ration being thirty cents a day.
Now, sir, 1 am not to be understood as
objecting particularly to these allowances, em-
bodying the system which has prevailed, under
the present law, for properly compensating
those who are in the military employ of the
Government. But this bill is introduced, as I
have said, for the purpose of readjusting and
simplifying the whole matter. _ While, by this
Bill, the pay of some officers will be consider-
ably reduced, others will have their pay slightly
increased; but it is proposed that the whole
of them shall be put upon a footing of pay
proper in the shape of salary or general com-
pensation, so that the system will be radically
and entirely changed, and it will not be here-
after, as it has been heretofore, a mystery to
any one seeking to know how much an Army
officer receives for his services to the Govern-
ment.
There are several objections to this mode of
compensation which has prevailed so long, and
which so many ineffectual attempts have been
made, as I admit, to change, because, like
any other long-established, traditional system,
whenever you touch it everybody interested
in it bristles up, and some plausible reason is
urged for not interfering with that which already
exists. One of the reasons against this system,
the first which occurs to me as I speak, is that
the moral effect of the present mode of pay-
ment upon the officers themselv-es is bad. I
will explain what I mean. "When a man is
made a second lieutenant in the Army of the
United States, the moment he receives his com-
mission, or at the endofhis first month, when
he comes to the paymaster in order to obtain
compensation for that month's service, he is
met by a temptation to misrepresent what he
is entitled to. He knows what his pay proper
is; he knows he has certain allowances, allow-
ance for a servant, allowance for clothing for
a servant, allowance for the pay of a servant;
and he knows if he is stationed ata post that he
is entitled to certain other allowances. If he is
a mounted officer he has an allowance for a_
horse if he keeps one. What does he do ? He
desires, his pay being small, to obtain the
largest amount "the Government will afford to
him. He therefore is induced by the tempta-
tion possibly to misrepresent a claim for a ser-
vant whom he never employs and for forage
for a horse which was never foaled. I say the
usage has grown up in the Army so that it is
almost a matter of course for the paymaster
or paymaster's clerk to make out rolls includ-
ing all these allowances, and the officer is
tempted to certify to them when the fact is not
according to his certificate. He justifies him-
self by saying, " My pay is too small, and the
only way "in which I can be adequatelycom-
pensated is to eke out this pay by putting in
these allowances. Others do it and why should
not I?"
I insist one of the first and prominent objec-
tions we meet at the threshold when we come i o
look at this system of payment is the bad effect
on the mind of the officer himself'. I do not
say this in disparagement of officers, regular
or volunteer, who have been in the Army and
acted like others. I do n-jt say members of
Congress do not find the longest way round to
be the shortest way to the capital when they
feel their compensation as members is not suf-
ficient and a little stretching of mileage may-
help to pay, perhaps, aboard bill unreasonably
high in this extravagant city of Washington.
I would not say anything except to allude, for
illustration, to allowances for newspapers, sta-
tionery, aad other matters; and suppose mem-
bers of Congress, no worse and no better than
officers of the Army, were paid in whole or
almost altogether by these allowances: the pay
being small, and insufficient to buy everything,
is it not to be expected the stretching would
be more than the law allowed? 1 object, there-
fore, to this system of payment because of its
immoral effect.
Again, there is an objection to the pay-
ment because it opens the door for legislation
by the chief officers of the War Department
instead of by Congress. There is allowed com-
mutation for so many rooms, and for so much
fuel for those rooms, varying according to the
different months of the year. These may be
changed from time to time by an order of the
War Department. What is the consequence?
Take this instance. Nine dollars for a time
was the commutation for a room. An officer
is allowed so many rooms, according to his-
grade, and receives three, four, or five times
nine dollars to make out his monthly allow-
ance for that purpose. It was found during
the war prices ran up so high in Washington
the Department increased the commutation
from nine to eighteen dollars, doubling the
allowance of those who got the benefit of_ it.
A like change was made in New York city,
while at all the other posts in the United States
I believe it remains unchanged. The effect of
this is, it leaves to the heads and chiefs of
bureaus the power to fix the rates of pay. It
may be said this is right because they under-
stand the emergency of the occasion and the
circumstances by which a man is surrounded
in the locality where his duty may call him.
But that may be said of every officer. It has
been found that it works'very well without it
in the main. There are many good officers
paid in a different way, and although there
may be something in that argument, there is
far more, it seems to me, in the arguments
against this mode of compensation and in favor
of giving a just, reasonable compensation alto- -
gether, with as few variations as possible, so
that we may know what it is that each man
receives.
Another thing which connects itself imme-
diately with this objection is, that it tends to
take away the independence of the officers.
If an officer knows that according to his rank
he receives so many hundred or so many thou-
sand dollars per year for his services, and that
it is secured to him by law of Congress, he
will not seek or intrigue to get this or that
post, or this or that particular kind of service
which may tend to increase his pay or allow-
ance. In so far, then, as these allowances are
at the discretion of the executive department
and not under the control of the law-making
power, they tend to take away the independ-
ence of the officer, who ought to feel that he
is paid so much for his services, and that as
long as he is fit to be kept in that place nobody
can vary the compensation to which he is en-
titled.
Another effect is upon legislation itself. Wc
are continually passing laws the exact effect
of which we doViot quite understand. For
instance, it is understood at the War Depart-
ment if you want to add something to the
pay of an officer, it is best not to come at it
directly—so many dollars and cents—but to
add a ration or double the rations, or make
his allowances the same as those of some other
officer who before that time has got his allow-
ances increased by law, so that nothing ap-
pears upon the statute-book indicating an
increase of pay specifically. I could point to
a number of such cases like^ that where the
pay is largely increased. We do not know
how much wc increase it if we legislate in the
dark, as most of us do who do not make this
subject a study.
I have in my mind at this moment a chief
of a bureau whose pay was increased in that
wav. During the Mexican war it was thought
that the chiefs of two of the bureaus in the
War Department ought to be helped in some
wav, as those gentlemen are helped usually,
and a law was passed which gave to them what
was never before given to the heads of bureaus,
namely, double rations. That added some
twelve or fourteen hundred dollars to their
pay. Since this war commenced we have made
another bureau, and wo do not put that other
bureau upou the same footing as the rest.
