1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1947
ored cavalry. We have no such provision in
the bill before the House.
The bill, as I have already intimated, re-
serves for use in the service of the country a
body called the Veteran Reserve corps, made
up of ten of the fifty-five regiments of infantry,
eight others of the fifty-five being colored. I
am aware there will be objection made in some
quarters to this preservation of that organiza-
tion, to this provision for its being continued.
I will not now, but will in the course of the
debate on the section, go into any argument in
respect to the retention of that corps. I will
but say that this corps, which sprung from the
necessities of the war, which had its birth in
the exigencies of that struggle, consisted of
twenty-four regiments. It is proposed by the
House bill, the features of which gentlemen
desire to understand, to continue the Veteran
Reserve corps, not to the number of twenty-
four regiments, as provided for until the men
were discharged on their election, but of ten
regiments only, the officers to be taken from
these regiments, not exclusively those who were
officers of the twenty-four regiments which
heretofore existed, but to be selected, by ex-
amination, from those officers and from all other
wounded volunteer officers who may have the
requisite qualifications; the corps to have
among its members, so far as the enlisted men
are concerned, sueh enlisted men as may be
found fit for light or garrison duty of any kind
to be assigned for the purpose in this corps,
together with such others as may be required
to make up the whole corps, and who would be
rejected on medical inspection without any such
provision of law.
Another feature of the bill is the preservation,
as a distinct bureau, of the Provost Marshal
General's office, the Provost Marshal General,
and his assistants. That section is one which
will be the subject of objections by gentlemen.
It will be for consideration when we come to
that section whether it shall be retained or not
as a part of the bill. 1 only pause to say in
regard to it now, as it will be fully discussed
hereafter, that this was a great means for re-
cruiting and keeping up the Army, and the com-
mittee thought some such bureau was necessary
for the purpose of recruiting, as the mode of
procedure heretofore in the Army has been for
the most, part a decided failure.
It will be observed that the committee has
departed from another general feature as ex-
hibited in the bill which the Senate has laid
upon our table. I am only doing justice by say-
ing that in the last modification to the bill
which passed that branch the Senate introduced
the same thing proposed by the Committee on
Military Affairs ofthellouse. Wehave notcon-
fined the selections of officers to be appointed
to fill up original vacancies in the various arms
of the service to volunteer officers as was ori-
ginally done, but it is proposed to extend them
to all volunteers, whether officers or soldiers,
who can by examination prove themselves pos-
sessed of the requisite qualifications, having re-
gard to services in connection with those qual-
ifications.
There is another feature in the Senate bill
differing very much from that contained in the
substitute. There is a provision contained in
one section of the Senate bill in regard to selec-
tions for the filling up of the officers of these
newly organized regiments, that where two
thirds shall be taken from the volunteer offi-
cers and soldiers, and the other third shall be
selected at the discretion of the President from
the regular Army and elsewhere, all the regular
Army officers who have during the war com-
manded volunteer troops shall be counted either
as regular Army officers or as volunteers. It
struck the committee of the House that here
was a provision by which it might bo possible,
though I do not say it Vas so, for the regular
Army officers who had not been in command
of volunteer troops during the war, to carry
away the first third of the prizes, and then
remit to the enjoyment of the other two thirds
these regular Army officers who had commanded
volunteer troops.
We do not adopt any such feature in the bill
nowproposed. And to avoid allpossible mistake
we have inserted in lieu of it-sr section provid-
ing that no officer of the regular Army who has
commanded volunteer forces during the war,
shall on that account be held to be a volnn-
teer.
There is another provision that is new—a
provision for revising the whole Army list, as
it now stands, in order to determine what offi-
cers may properly be retained in the service.
This may be thought very radical. It may be
thought that men who have enjoyed the ad-
vantage of their commissions in the regular
Army, whether appointed from the Military
Academy, or from civil 'life, or from volunteers
since the war began, should, by reason of be-
ing found now in the Army, continue there
until regularly dismissed by court-martial, and
in that manner alone.
The committee have thought otherwise, and
that now. in this transition period, when we
are establishing a new army as it were, taking
the old Army and expanding and solidifying
it, one mode of making the xVrmy serviceable
would be to have a general revision of all those
who now constitute its officers, in order to de-
termine whether they should all, or only a part
of them, be retained. Accordingly we have
introduced a provision which will not by any
possibility interfere with many of the officers,
and which may not interfere with any. And it
is not a star-chamber mode of procedure, but
a fair mode by which every Army service shall
be represented in a general council of officers,
who shall allow the whole Army list to be re-
tained ; certainly all against whom there is no
objection. Then, in regard to others, they are
to report, not that a particular officer shall be
dismissed or deprived of his commission, but
simply that he shall comc before the board and |
have his whole case fairly examined, after which
the board shall resolve whether lie shall con-
tinue in the Army or not.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I move that the time of the
gentleman be extended.
Mr. SCHENCK. Upon the whole, I prefer
to withhold .any further explanation now, and
to make it upon the sections- as tliey are re-
ported.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be
entitled to the floor on each section.
The first section was reported, as follows:
He it enacted by the Senate <nid Iltmxe of Represent-
atives oj the United State* of Amerien in Congress
aisembled. That the military peace establishment of
the United States shall hereafter consist of five regi-
ments of artillery, twelve regiments ofcavalry, fifty-
five regiments of infantry, the professors and corps
cadets of the United States Military Academy, and
sueh other forces as shall be provided for by this act,
to be known as the Army of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, this bill creates
an army of fifty-five regiments of infantry. The
bill that passed the Senate on the Oth of March
last provided for the organization of fifty such
regiments, and I have understood from officers
of the Army that that number is deemed suf-
ficient for the purposes of the country.
I have taken the trouble to ascertain what
additional amount of expense this Govern-
ment will be subjected to by reason of the
merea-se from fifty to fifty-live infantry regi-
ments. If you look at the pay proper of these
five regiments alone, without regard to sub-
sistence, clothing, and equipment, or to any-
thing else, the number of men being limited
to fifty in ejeh company, as it is proposed to
1 limit it by this bill, then the annual additional
| expense will be Sfi'28,809 00.
i Then there are a great many contingencies
| connected with that service which have not
< gone into this computation, such as equip-
! ment, rations, forage, and everything of that
i natu re.
I Now, sir, if these five regiments proposed
I bv this bill are not necessary for the country,
I I "for one feel desirous that it should be relieved
J from this additional expense.
| I have made this computation upon theba:sis
I of the minimum number provided by this bill.
But if the regiments are filled up to the max-
imum it will add $400,000 more for pay alone,
making the whole amount upwards of one mil-
lion two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
for the additional five regiments, besides the
expense of supporting them and keeping them
in the field.
I am told, I do not know whether it be true
or not, that this increase of regiments is in
reference to the organization of the Veteran
Reserve corps, and that it is designed to be the
means of furnishing employment and subsist-
ence to men in that corps. I submit, that when
it is known, as I believe every gentleman when
he comes to reflect upon it will see and know,
that this Veteran Reserve corps is composed of
men who have been disqualified for active ser-
vice in the field, and who are pronounced to
be unfit for anything but light duty in fortifi-
cations, it will be seen that it will be wisdom
on the part of the Government to increase the
pensions of these men rather than to incur this
additional expense for the purpose of putting
men into the field who are not competent for
the duties of the field.
I 'have no desire whatever to do any injus-
tice to any man who has served under this
Government during this war. But I wish to
see the Army of the United States efficient,
whether at post or in the field. And therefore
I believe public policy demands that we should
pension those who have been unfortunate, and
keep up the most efficient organization it is
possible for us to do in the field.
This bill contemplates that this Reserve
corps shall be kept on post duty. Of course
the officers of the regular Army are to be sent
off into the field, where they will have no op-
portunities for the ordinary recreations or enjoy-
ments which they may occasionally have under
the present system of service. Now, this thing
should be equalized; regiments which have
been stationed in hot climates or at sickly
posts in one season should be transferred to
other posts as has been the practice of the
Department heretofore, and thus we should
have uniformity and fairness in the disposition
of the Army.
These are the only remarks I desire to make
on this section. I will move to strike out
"fifty-five " and insert the word "fifty "before
the words "regiments of infantry."
Mr. BLAINli. Without debating all_ the
points raised by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Davis,] I would suggest to him to observe
that this first section is rather a preamble to
the bill, as it may be termed, than a part of the
bill itself. The'point at which he aims is en-
tirely embraced in the fifth section of this bill;
the question in regard to retaining the Veteran
Reserve corps in service comes up directly in
the consideration of that fifth section. And
therefore I suggest to him to waive his motion
to amend this first section, and make it when
the fifth section shall be up for consideration.
If his amendment shall be adopted there, of
course the first section will be altered accord-
ingly, as we alter the preamble to a bill or res-
olution after having changed the bill or resolu-
tion bv amendment. I think it he will do that
it will"be more pertinent and more intelligible
to the House.
Mr. DAVIS. Before I sit doivn. I desire
to send up to the Clerk's desk a substitute which
I propose to offer for this entire bill: it is the
Senate bill on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The substitute cannot be
acted upon now ; it must be reserved until this
bill shall have been perfected section by section.
The gentleman can give notice of his intention
to move a substitute at the proper time.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Davis to the first section, to reduce the
number of regiments from fifty-five to fifty.
Mr. BLAINE. Let me make a suggestion.
The motion of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Davis] involves a very wide discussion at
a premature point. Now, I hope the gentle-
man will heed my suggestion, which is, that tho
point he desires to accomplish can be more di-
rectly reached by moving an amendment to the
