988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
very strongest meaning of the term, without
any limitation or qualification. If we have been
in a state of war, the question arises—and it is
a very simple one, and I think this whole thing
lies in a narrow compass—is there any dis-
pute as to what are the consequences of war?
What are the consequences of successful war ?
Where one nation conquers another, overcomes
it without qualifications, withoutterms, without
limits; and after a hitter contest succeeds in
crushing its enemy, occupying its enemy's ter-
ritory, destroying its posts, what are the con-
sequences? The Senator is pefectly familiar
with the writers on international law. Let
him read the chapter in the book under my
hand upon " Acquisitions by War." Is there
anything more certain than that the conqueror
has a right, if he chooses, to change the form
of government, that he has a right, to punish^
that he has a right to take entire control of
the nation and the people, that lie has a right
to exact security for the future, and such secu-
rity for his own safety as he may demand ,■ that
all these rights arc his, with only the limitation
that lie shall not abuse them and conduct them
in a manner contrary to humanity, in the ordi-
nary acceptation of the term.?
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the book?
Mr. FESSBNDEN. Vattel, which is per-
fectly familiar to the Senator as it is to every-
body else who is master of the subject. I can
take up the book and read passages to show
precisely what I liavo stated, in the strongest
possible terms. T did not think it necessary to
hunt, up a donen authors, because the law is
the same in all. There is no dispute about it,.
That principle, then, is settled. Those arc the
consequences of successful war. We are told
that we. did not wage a war of conquest. Cer-
tainly we did not. Congress said precisely
what it meant at the time it. stated that this war
was not waged for any purpose of subjugation.
Jt was not commenced with any such idea, but
if it follows I hat subjugation must come in order
to accomplish what, we desire to accomplish
and what we mast, accomplish, it is not our fault,.
If subjugation becomes necessary, although that
was not. the idea with which the war was com-
menced, who can complain? Let me ask the
honorable Senator from Maryland a question.
He has cited in the course of some speech or
speeches lie has made here, that resolution
passed by Congress 
Mr. JOHNSON. I never cited it,.
Mr. KESSENDEN. Then it has been cited
by others. Suppose we made it, and suppose
it is binding upon us. Binding with wliora?
Was I hut a compact with the confederate States?
Tt was a compact, with our own people. We
told them and they told us tlint, the war was not
waged for any such purpose. It, was not a
promise madeYor the benefit of the confederate
States, it was not a promise made for the bene-
fit of others, but, for our own benefit, and the
honorable Senator is perfectly familiar with the
legal principle that unless the consideration
coines from A, he cannot avail himself of a
promise made by B to 0. That, then, is simply
the ease here; that, is the law. Nobody will
dispute it. Those are the consequences of war
generally.
Now, is there any more dispute as to the
next proposition. I hat, the consequences of civil
war are precisely the same? Is there any writer
who does not lay it, down distinctly that where
a civil war. in the proper sense of the term,
has existed, the consequences of that civil war,
so far as the rights of the parties are concerned,
are precisely the same that they are in other
cases? If compelled to carry on the contest
upon the same principles—as we are by the law
of nations—and to treat, it in all respects as a
war between two independent, nations until the
war is closed, is there a dispute that precisely
the same consequences follow, precisely the
same rights are obtained as would be the case
in an international war? If not, let the Senator
show me where he finds a distinction drawn
between the consequences in the two eases. _ I
take it these two propositions are beyond dis-
pute ; there can bo no difficulty about them.
Then the question arises, and it is only a
natural one, does our form of government
change in any way the nature and inevitable
legal consequences of a civil war? Is a civil
war waged among us, living as we do under a
written Constitution, different in anyway so far
as the consequences are concerned, on account
of that written Constitution, from a civil war m
any other nation in the world? That is a, ques-
tion upon which men may pause. It is very
manifest to me that there^pan bo no difference
at all. And here I come to consider for a mo-
merit tlie argument of tho honorable Senator
from Maryland, because that is what I wanted
to address myself to. He says that, Congress
can do no more than quell an insurrection; our
Constitution speaks only of insurrections; and
when an insurrection has existed in a State,
the moment that insurrection is over the State
returns to its former position; and he reads,
I believe, from that clause of the Constitution
which says that Congress may provide for call-
ing forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union, suppress insurrections, and repel inva-
sion. Now, does the Senator undertake to say
in any way that that is all our Constitution
gives power to do? If I understand the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator, it is this: here
are State governments, and as there are State
governments, and as wc are living under a
written Constitution, and Congress by the par-
ticular terms of that Constitution has power to
provide for calling out the militia to suppress
insurrections and repel invasions, therefore
everything that takes place in the way of a fight
ill this country, nn matter what its extent, is to
be considered an insurrection within the mean-
ing of that clause. Do I understand the Sena-
tor to take that, ground?
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 said that Congress had
no authority to carry on war against a State.
Mr. EESSENDEN. My answer to that is
simply this; the Constitution has not specifically
provided for the case of civil war ; it never con-
templated civil war; it, would not, contemplate
civil war; but it, provided the means to quell
it by giving power to Congress to raise and
support armies without, stating for what ob-
jects those armies might be used ; and it gave
power to do everything in fact that is necessary
to be done in order to preserve and support the
Government.. But it speaks of insurrection.
What is an insurrection? Is it civil war? The
Senator will hardly contend that they are syn-
onymous terms. An insurrection, such as is
mentioned and referred to in the Constitution,
is not civil war; it. is something far less. The
Senator will remember that Vattel—for I go no
further sn far as this argument is concerned—
speaks of a tumult as one thing that may take
place, that is, when there is a tumultuous as-
semblage and the laws arc violated; and when
that tumult, assumes form and becomes a resist-
ance to the law and to the governing,authority,
it is an insurrection; and when it assumes a
greater form, and the laws are successfully re-
sisted, and the sovereign power is defied by
armed force, then it becomes a civil war. Is
that condition of things what was meant, and
all that was meant, by the clause of the Consti-
tution giving power to call forth the militia to
suppress insurrection?
If the Senator is right 111 his construction,
there is no such thing as civil war tinder this
Government, and can be no such tiling; the
Constitution docs not, provide for it: it speaks
simply of u insurrection and there can be
none of the consequences of civil war, there can
be none of the rules applicable to civil war, be-
cause the Constitution has not provided for it.
Sir, this clause is of the narrowest possible lim-
itation, and refers only to ordinary tumults car-
ried to such an extent as to make insurrections
that are perfectlvfamiliartousalhand the very
provision of the Constitution which the Senator
has quoted shows that was the understanding.
The truth is, it has reference simply to the
militia. It is a power
" To provide for calling forth the militia to oxecute
the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and
repel invasions."
Not that Congress shall have authority to
suppress insurrections, as the Senator would
have read it, and repel invasions; but it may
use the militia force for the purpose of sup-
pressing insurrections and repelling invasions,
meaning simply that on a sudden emergency,
when there is an insurrection or invasion. Con-
gress may call upon the militia temporarily for
the purpose of effecting the object. I hat is all.
Now, then, sir, understanding that war has ex-
isted, and that its consequences are such as I
have stated, and that civil war is attended by
all the consequences of other wars, even among
us under the Constitution, I say that, in my
judgment, a State may be utterly extinguished
and swept out of existence by civil war. It, is a
necessary consequence if the law of nations
exists among us and we are bound by its pro-
visions. A State may forfeit its status. The
Government may say that it has forfeited its
stains, if it pleases to say so. It may impose
upon such a State punishment; it may protect
itself against the future; and if, in order to pro-
tect itself against the future, the Government
finds it absolutely necessary to prevent it from
resuming its original position, it has the perfect
power to do so. It is a necessary consequence
of the principle.
It has been said, men have been fond ot say-
ing, "Once a State, always a State." That is
not true of States in general. It is not true as
a matter of fact. States may live and States
may die. I do not hold that these States are
dead, but I hold that States may die and have
died heretofore. Bat not being true of States
in general, it is not true of these States. Once
a State, it does not follow that they are always
necessarily States, in the sense that we use the
term. They may continue to be States, they
may continue to be organizations, but it is a very
different question whether, as such organiza-
tions, they are States of the Union and in the
Union. Thatdependsuponotherconsiderations.
I ask the Senator if something is not necessary
besides geographical extent and political or-
ganization as a State in order to be a State of
the Union? Must there not be a constitution
of the State? Must there not be a government
so constituted that it has relations, and fitting
relations, to the Government of the United
Slates ? Must it not be in a position to perform its
duties? Has it not obligations to be performed
toward the United States, as well as to insist
on the performance of duties to be received
from the Government of the United States?
Can there be a State of this Uition without a
constitution which makes and shows_ its form
of government and places it in relations with
the Government of the United States? Can it
be a State of this Union without any provision
through which and by which it can perform the
obligations which it is under to the United
States, to the Government of the whole? Cer-
tainly not. Therefore it is not true that although
a State may exist in some particulars, it exists
in all relationsto the Government of the United
States, and is a State in the Union, because
it has an organization. The result does not
necessarily follow.
In order to constitute a State of the Union
there should be a republican government; that
government must be acknowledged by Con-
gress, and that government must have the requi-
site provisions to eonnect it with the Union.
When that government is destroyed, when the
ligature is broken, when there are no provisions
whatever that connect it with the United States,
it ceases to be a State of the Union from ne-
cessity. 1 do not say that its people pass out
from under the jurisdiction of the Government;
it belongs to the Union and its people are un-
der the authority of the Union; but as a State
having rights in the Union—rights, forinstance,
in this Congress—when it has ceased to connect
itself with the Government by its own act or in
any way, it is at an end for the time being, be-
cause something more is necessary than a bare
organized existence. That is the position that
I assume, and I have not been able to see bu1
that it is correct.
Now, will the Senator deny, will any one
