1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1949
Mr. BOYER. I desire to offer the following
amendment;
Strike out these words:
Provided, hmvever. That graduates of the United
States Military Academy shall be eligible to appoint-
ment as second lieutenants.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Provided, hotoever, That graduates of the United
States Military Academy, who served as officers of
volunteers, shall bo eligible to appointment as other
officers of volunteers.
I do not perceive, sir, why this distinction is
made between graduates of the Military Acad-
emy and those not graduates of the Military
Academy when both served as volunteer officers.
It will be seen this would exclude graduates of
the Military Academy, although they did not
servo as officers in the regular Army. I should
like to hear a good reason given, either by the
chairman of the Military Committee or some
one else, why a graduate of the Military Acad-
emy, who has served as a volunteer officer
during the rebellion, is less fit to receive an
appointment than if he had received no mili-
tary education at all?
Mr. SCHENCK. That proviso was put there
for the purpose of saving graduates of the Mili-
tary Academy. If the gentleman will hearme
I will explain. The preceding portion of the
section provides that the first and second lieu-
tenants shall be taken from among the volun-
teers, and that would cut out the young men
who have just left West Point. Something is
to be done with them. You could not put a
single one of them into the cavalry unless there
was a saving clause which would embrace that
proportion of them whom you might desire to
appoint into the cavalry. It was, therefore,
thought proper by the Committee on Military
Affairs not to cut off the graduates from West
Point, but to provide that while these subal-
tern appointments were to bo given to volun-
teers or volunteer officers, an exception should
be made in favor of the young men coming
from West Point. That exception, however,
only extends to making second lieutenants of
them. That limitation to the second lieuten-
antcies in such appointments is occasioned by
a desire to prevent the taking of these young
gentlemen, fresh from West Point, and making
them captains and first lieutenants, while you
give to volunteer officers only second lieuten-
antcies. Such has actually been the case;
there are young gentlemen who only left West
Point last year, who are now captains in the
service. The object of the committee is to
save the graduates of West Point, and give
them the same benefits that volunteer officers
enjoy so far as second lieutenantcies are con-
cerned.
But there is another point. The gentleman
says that a graduate of West Point may have
served as a volunteer officer. Well, if he has
served in that capacity, and is yet in the reg-
ular Army, he is not cut off by this provision;
because he is something now in the regular
Army. ITe is at least a second lieutenant, and
he retains his place. But if he was a graduate
of West Point, and not in the regular Army,
he was then only a volunteer officer, and he
has the same advantages as any other man in
the volunteer service.
Mr. BOYER. Would not those be excluded
who, although graduates of the Military Acad-
emy, had never served in the regular Army,
but had served during the war in the volunteer
force? If that be the intention of the gentle-
man, I think his bill accomplishes his object.
If it be not, then he ought to modify his bill.
Sir. SCHENCK. Perhaps the gentleman
might possibly find a case of that kind.
Mr. HOYER. There are hundreds of cases
of that kind.
Mr. SCHENCK. If a graduate of West
Point immediately upon graduating has re-
signed and afterward gone into the volunteer
service, and is only a volunteer officer, he might
be thus cut off.
Mr. BOYEll. That would exclude hundreds
of the best officers who fought during the war.
Mr. BLAINE. There may be cases of that
kmd, and I suggest the use of language which
would obviate the difficulty. It may be sur-
plusage or tautology, but I suggest to the gen-
tleman that he insert after the word " eligible"
the words " on gradation." That will obviate
the difficulty suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. BOYER. 1 will accept that amendment
as far as it goes, but I still insist on the addi-
tion of the other words, " Provided, that grad-
uates of the United States Military Academy
who served as officers of volunteers shall be
eligible to appointments on the same footing as
other officers of volunteers."
Mr. SCHENCK. If you limit it to those it
will cut off all the new graduates. Some of
these young gentlemen have served nowhere.
They have come out as graduates since the war
was over, and we wish to save their right to
promotion.
Mr. BOYER. The phraseology suggested
by the gentleman from Maine would save that
class, but not the class that I intend to save
by the amendment which I propose.
Mr. BLAINE. I have a suggestion to make
which, I think, will cover the point so that
gentlemen cannot quibble or cavil about it at
all. I suggest the addition of a proviso that
graduates of the United States Military Acad-
emy, after the passage of this act, shall be
eligible to appointment.
Mr. BOYER. There will still be an ambi-
guity about it.
Mr. BLAINE. Not if you insert the words,
"Provided that cadets of the United States
Military Academy who shall graduate after the
passage of this act," &c.
Mr. BOYER. It will still be liable to am-
biguity. It would lead to the inference that
none but those would be eligible to appoint-
ments.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not think the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has got hold of the
spirit of the proviso, which I thought the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs ex-
plained very clearly. The proviso is entirely
in the interest of the West Point graduates. It
was put in there for their benefit exclusively.
Mr. BOYER. Yes; so that they might be
appointed second lieutenants and nothing else.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman tell
me when 8 West Point graduate was ever en-
titled to any appointment except that of sec-
ond lieutenant? This provision simply con-
veys to them the same right as regards these
six regiments that they have in other parts of
the Army. The first part of the section would
have confined the selection of all the officers of
these six regiments, both line and staff, to vol-
unteers. It was thought by the Committee on
Military Affairs that it would be unfair to cut
off from appointments in these regiments those
graduating from West Point.
Mr. BOYER. I can understand how the
amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Maine would save young men who have just
graduated at the Military Academy at West
Point, but it would not save those who grad-
uated there years ago, and who have been offi-
cers in the volunteer service during the war.
That class would still remain unprovided for.
Mr. BLAINE. They stand precisely on the
same footing as other volunteer officers.
Mr. BOYER. Well, I propose to make the
matter plain by inserting the words I have
suggested.
Mr. GARFIELD. There is the one third
unprovided for, from which all persons may
be appointed, together with the advantage they
gain under the bill from having been volunteer
officers as well as graduates of the Military Acad-
emy at West Point. It does seem to me that the
class of persons to which the gentleman refers
is amply provided for under those two heads.
The proviso, as it now stands, would apply to
the young cadets just out of the Academy.
Mr. BOYER. I want to provide for those
graduates of the Military Academy who were
officers in the volunteer service. Many of our '
most valuable volunteer officers who fought
during the rebellion were graduates of West
Point, who had never served in the regular
Army. But when the rebellion broke out,
having been educated at the public expense,
they thought it their duty to volunteer, and
they did so. Some of them led regiments;
others were captains, or occupied other subor-
dinate positions. Why should they, sinaply
because they were graduates of the West Point
Academy, be excluded; and why should they
not be placed on the same footing as other
volunteer officers?
Mr. GARFIELD. They are, under my
reading of this bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. ThegentlemanfromPenn-
sylvania certainly totally misapprehends the
whole tenor of this section, or else I am ex-
ceedingly in the dark myself. Suppose this
proviso were not here at all, what then would
be the effect? Why, that all these subaltern
appointments would be given to volunteers,
including those who had graduated at West
Point as well as others. If they had left tho
regular Army and were volunteers only, and
had been volunteers during this war, they
would not be disqualified.
Now, we want to have them all -to have the
benefit of this section; all those who, having
been graduates of West Point, have left the
regular Army, have resigned their places
therein, and have served only as volunteers.
And then we want to put in a saving clause
for the benefit of some few who may hereafter
graduate, who without such saving clause would
be disqualified. That is the whole of it.
There was perhaps some justice in the criti-
cism of the gentleman, as it applied to the sav-
ing clause, so far as these cadets were con-
cerned, for it might be held to extend to other
classes than those just graduated. I suggest,
therefore, that it be amended so as to read,
"that cadets of the United States Military
Academy hereafter graduating shall be eligi-
ble," &c.
Mr. BOYER. I understood the gentleman
to say a few moments ago, when explaining the
general features of this measure, that one dif-
ference between this bill and the bill which
passed the Senate was, that the latter bill put
regular officers who had also served as volun-
teer officers upon the same footing with volun-
teer officers, while the object of this bill was
to exclude that class of officers.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is an entirely differ-
ent section, and is in entirely different language.
Mr. BOYER. Very well; then I will wait
until that section is reached, and in the mean
time accept the modification of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Blaise.]
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fobxet,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had non-concurred in the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the concurrent
resolution of the Senate prohibiting the sale of
spirituous and other liquors in the Capitol build-
ing and grounds.
Also, that the Senate had indefinitely post-
poned House bill No. 458, granting a pension
to Sarah E. Pickell.
Also, that the Senate had passed House bill
No. 219, for the relief qf Catherine Mock, with
an amendment, in which he was directed to
request the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passe^l without
amendment House bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 218) for the relief of
Charles Youly;
An act (H. R. No. 2G4) granting a pension
to Mrs. Altazera L. Willcox, of Chenango
county, State of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 2GG) granting a pension
to Mrs. Isabella Fogg, in the State of Maine;
An act (H. II. No. 267) granting a pension
to Virginia K. V. Moore ;
An act (H. R. No. 268) for the relief of
Albert N evins;
An act (H. R. No. 448) granting a pension
to Mrs. Elizabeth York;
An act,(H. R. No. 444) granting a pension
to Lewis W. Dietrich; and
An act (H. R. No. 446) for the relief of Nicb-
