I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
plainer system than the allowance of the lon-
gevity ration. As to the longevity ration, I
have always thought it a good thing to give it
to officers as a reward for faithful service. At
the same time in this country it has another
usefulness in keeping pace somewhat with that
increase of family in which Americans arc apt
to indulge. [Laughter.]
There is a provision in this section which is
not now in any law, but which at the close of
the war I suggest it is proper to add, that those
who have been in the volunteer service and
afterwards come into the regular Army shall
be allowed to count, in the time for which this
longevity ration is given, the time they served
as volunteers.
Leaving that portion, after referring for a
few moments to the other parts of the bill, I
will then detain the House no longer.
The fourth section as it stands in the printed
bill provides for keeping up the pay of the sol-
dier to sixteen dollars. Gentlemen may not
all be aware that the increase of the pay of the
soldiers of our Army, though seeming to be
made necessary by the increased cost of sub-
sistence, from thirteen dollars to sixteen dol-
lars, will come down of itself, or will expire by
limitation at the end of the war, whenever that
doubtful time shall be found. They will return
then to thirteen dollars unless by some positive
legislation sixteen dollars is preserved. I have
always believed in paying the private soldier
well, as well as the officer. I would, therefore,
in view of these facts, keep up to sixteen dol-
lars per month ; and I would, for the sake of
getting good soldiers and continuing them in
the Army as enlisted men, go one step further,
as has been done in this bill, and provide for
each successive year of faithful service there
shall bo added a dollar per month to the pay
of any soldier, running on as he shall reenlist.
It may be objected to this, when the soldier
has served three or four enlistments he will
receive twenty dollars per month. Let it be
so. Your old veteran soldiers fit for service at
all who thus enlist and reenlist are worth that
much more than raw recruits. I hold it to be
a good principle in that view of compensation.
Then it has another advantage: it will be one
of the best means in the world to prevent sol-
diers deserting from the Army. I have always
thought, instead of this system of bounty which
we have been compelled to keep up, it would
have been much better if this system had been
adopted and the soldiers compensated l'or the
time they remained in the service. Jt would
have been a reward for continued faithful
service.
There is a provision in regard to the pay of
officers and enlisted men. It states they shall
be paid regularly at the end of every month.
If anything will prevent desertion and dissatis-
faction among the soldiers it seems to me it is
that provision. This was one of the greatest
difficulties felt during the war, made necessary,
perhaps, in some degree by financial burdens
upon the country, but still more than it should
have been. The soldier was paid sometimes
every two months, sometimes every eight
months, sometimes hardly at all, and some-
times the last three or four months of his ser-
vice being left, without pay he was taken back
and paid up to some period dating antecedently
several months.
We provide in the sixth section that the al-
lowance now made by law to officers traveling
under orders where transportation is not fur-
nished in kind shall be increased to ten cents
per mile.
Wo provide in the seventh section for re-
storing extra-duty pay to soldiers employed as
artificers or laborers.
Both of these sections are in accordance
with the wishes of every one connected with
the War Department. They commend them-
selves. and I need not further comment upon
them. With this explanation, a great deal
fuller than anything I intended when I rose, 1
leave this bill for the present, desiring there
shall be a reasonable opportunity for amend-
ment and for debate, intending, however, when
that debate seems to be less for business pur-
pose and to put the bill in a good shape either
to be adopted or rejected by the House, to call
the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. I will ask the gentleman, be-
fore he takes his seat, if in his judgment the
public service would suffer by the reduction of
the compensation, say twenty or twenty-five
per cent., in time of peace.
_Mr. SCHENGK. I think it would. The
bill is really in itself, in most of its parts, a
reduction of the pay of officers, so that a fur-
ther reduction would not be a full compensa-
tion to them. Ihave illustrated it by the Navy.
And I will say, at the same time, that I do not
think the officers of that arm of the service are
sufficiently paid; and I had hoped that a bill
would have been brought in by the Committee
on Naval Affairs providing for some readjust-
ment of their pay. And while the gentleman
calls my attention to the subject, I will say that
while there has been such delay in paying offi-
cers of the Navy, and while the chief of a
bureau in the Navy Department gets only one
half the compensation of the chief of a bureau
in the Army, there has been slipped through
Congress a piece of legislation not known per-
haps to all the members of the House by which
a law was repealed which provided certain
allowances; and there has just been published
an order of the Navy Department adding thirty-
three and a third per cent, as allowances to the
pay of the officers of the Navy.
Mx-. IiOSS. Cannot these officers live on
the same compensation as members of Con-
gress in time of peace ? I do not see why their
pay should be higher than ours.
Mr. SCHENCK. Nor I. I do not know
how it is with the gentleman from Illinois, but
I do not get near enough to subsist myself and
family, and I am by no means an extravagant
man. I will send the amendments that I have
indicated to the desk.
The SPEAKER. Unless there is a sepa-
rate vote demanded, the question will be upon
the adoption of the amendments in gross.
The Clerk read the amendments, as follows :
In section one strike out lino eight and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
Of a general $10,000; of a lieutenant general
$10,000.
Sue. 3. Andbeit further enacted. That in lieu of the
additional ration which was allowed to commissioned
officers of the line and staff by tlic provisions of sec-
tion fifteen of the act to increase the present military
establishment of the United States, and forother pur-
poses, there shall lie allowed and paid to eveiy com-
missioned officer of the Army of the United States ten
per cent, per annum on his yearly pay tor each full and
complete term of five years ot continuous and faith-
ful service as such officer; and this increased grad-
uated compensation shall be allowed in the case of
any officer or soldier of volunteers who may be com-
missioned in the regular Army, to include the time
during which ho so served faithfully and honorably
as a volunteer. .
Sec.4. Andbeit further enacted, ihatforagem kind
may be allowed and drawn for horses of mounted
officers actually kept by them when and at the place
where they are on duty, in accordanec with the pro-
visions of sections one and two of the act to define
the pay and emoluments of certain officers of the
Army, and for other purposes, approved J uly 17,1862.
No objection being made, the amendments
were adopted.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to ask the chairman
of the committee a question. I quite agree
with what he^aid when he informed the House
that the difference between the pay.of an
officer on hard service in the field and on
light, duty in cities is quite essential. I have
by my own experience been able to test that to
my satisfaction. The gentleman seeks to intro-
duce into this bill a correct principle when he
proposes to give to those officers who are per-
forming the more laborious field service a
higher rate of pay. But I wish to ask him if
in the first section he is not incorporating pro-
visions which are in violation of that just prin-
ciple. The bill proposes to pay to a brigadier
general when commanding a military depart-
ment or a division in the field §5,500, and
when commanding a brigade in the field only
$5,000. It allows to a colonel commanding a
brigade or military post i>o,500, and when com-
manding a regiment in the field only $3,000.
And it allows a lieutenant colonel when com-
manding a regiment or military post $2,800,
and when on other duty, which may be more
laborious and perilous, only $2,000. It is pos-
sible, I think, so to conform those provisions
to the other parts of the bill as to obviate these
objections; but I would ask if these are not
obnoxious to the objections that the gentleman
has himself urged to the whole pay system of
the Army.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer the gentle-
man with pleasure. I have not pretended to
take the ground that there was to be a sort of
bed of Procrustes by which every man should
be measured and cut off a certain length, which
should be invariable. I have proposed to adopt
a general system of compensation by salaries,
fixing them with reference to the office and
duty to be performed,' just as they have done
in the Navy, where it has been found to work
well, as I explained. The officer who is at
sea gets a certain compensation, on shore duty
a less compensation, and on leave of absence
less. Thus there is a gradation, and yet the
general fact is that he is paid by a salary, but
it is a salary for each class of duties fixed by
law.
Now, instead of saying that every major gen-
eral shall receive so much, and every brigadier
general so much, there is a difference of this
kind made, just as there is a difference as to the
allowance made to certain officers of the Navy,
according to the rate of the vessel which they
command or serve on board of, or whether
they command a single vessel or a fleet. This
very line to which the gentleman refers is an
illustration. A brigadier general when com-
manding a division of the Army or a division
in the field is allowed $5,000 a year, because
he is then in fact acting as a major general.
Though we do not give liim a major general's
pa}-, yet we give him something between the
highest pay apportioned to his rank and the low-
est pay of the rank next above him. So also in
regard to colonels. We make a distinction be-
tween a colonel commanding a regiment and
one commanding a military post. A good deal
has been said—and I admit that there is some
equity in that view—of the expenses to which
a man may be put by his assignment to par-
ticular duty. For instance, you put a man in
command of a post on the plains, where every-
body is passing to and fro. He must necessarily
need a little higher pay than others might do,
because of the entertainment he must afford
to such persons. That is one reason for the
difference of pay.
But, sir, I do not desire to detain the House.
I only wish the gentleman would understand
that we propose merely to graduate these sal-
aries. not merely as between different officers,
but between officers of the same rank when
engaged on different duties.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, I was not
present in the Committee on Military Affairs
when they agreed to report this bill, and I am
compelled to disagree from its general pro-
visions. I wish to state as briefly as may be
the reasons why I am not able to concur with
my friend, the honorable chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Schexck,] who has just
addressed the House.
The argument of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, whether so intended
or not, gets a little advantage,_ I think, in
contrasting the pay of bureau officers with the
pay of officers in the field. That is not the
question before us. The question is whether
by this bill you will create a gross inequality
in the pay of officers who are in the field at
different points of the widely extended area of
the United States.
Let me state a ease. I will suppose theie
are ten general officers in this city to-day to
bo ordered by General Grant to as many dif-
ferent points. Let us suppose the system of
commutation of forage, rations, fuel, servants'
clothing, quarters, &c., entirely abolished.
You send one officer to a post in the North-
east. another to San Francisco, another to Fort
Bridger, another to New Orleans, another to
New Mexico, and so on, and then give them
