1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
991
except that the President has expressed the
opinion that these States_ are in fit condition to
be received here, and their Senators and Rep-
resentatives admitted to seats upon this floor
and the floor of the other House?
Before doing so, before placing ourselves in
a position where we can exercise all the pow-
ers necessary under the existing state of things,
in my judgment we must provide for the safety
of this people. If we think that constitutional
amendments are necessary arising from the
condition in which we have been, it is our duty
to propose them. If we think that additional
laws are necessary, it is our duty to pass those
laws. If we think that it is proper to impose
conditions—not conditions that would degrade
or disgrace any State, for when they come back
they must come on terms of equality—but if
we think it is necessary to impose some con-
ditions even upon these States on their return,
it is our duty to do that before we admit their
members to seats on this floor or the floor of
the other House.
That was the President's opinion. He under-
took to tell them that he would have nothing
to do with their governments unless they made
specific provisions in their new constitutions.
The President undertook to say, I will not leave
you to your own action, I will not recognize
your governments until you abolish slavery,
until you provide against the payment of the
rebel debt, and some other things of like de-
scription. If he had the right to do it, have
we not? If he could impose conditions with
reference to what he would do, have we not the
power to impose conditions with reference to
what we are called upon to do ? But, sir, while
I say this, I say I would not consent that a con-
dition should be imposed on one of these States
that would in any way degrade it, or of which
there could be just ground of complaint that it
was not left on an equality with all the other
States, because that would be a matter of com-
plaint forever and always.
Mr. President, I have thus stated the notions
that I entertain on the subject of reconstruc-
tion. as it is called. As I said before, it was
my intention to say something on that subject
long ago, but I found no fitting opportunity
hitherto. Perhaps I had better not have under-
taken to express these views to-day in connec-
tion with the resolution which 1 rose to discuss ;
but with the question, whether or not the Sen-
ate has power over this subject, and whether
or not the House of Representatives has power
over this subject, the question of the condition
of these States and the relations which they
now hold to the Union is intimately connected.
My judgment is, that we hold the power over
that whole subject in our own hands, that it is
our duty to hold it in our own hands, and to
regard it as a matter of the most intense inter-
est to the whole people, involving the good of
the whole people, calling for our most careful
consideration, and to be adjudged without pas-
sion, without temper, without any of that ieel-
ing which may be supposed to have arisen out
of3 the unexampled state of things through
which we have passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. HENDRICKS. IftheSenatorfromOhio
will yield the floor, I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give way, but I do not
desire an ad journment for my accommodation.
I am willing to go on now or oil the next day's
session as the Senate pleases.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have an executive
session. ["Yes/']
Mr. SHERMAN. I give way, then, to a
motion to go into executive session.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not care which
motion is made. T merely desire to accommo-
date the Senator from Ohio.
executive session.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and atter some
line spent in executive session, the doors were
"eopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 23, I860.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of Wednesday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness of to-day, immediately after reading the
Journal, the consideration of the contested-
election case in the seventh district of Indiana,
on which Mr. Marshall was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Marshall] yield?
Mr. JOHNSON. I object.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Makshall] allow ine to offer a me-
morial of the State of Wisconsin?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object only to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot.]
memorial of wisconsin legislature.
Mr. COBB. I submit a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Wisconsin, in rela-
tion to the improvement of the navigation of
rapids on the Mississippi river.
The memorial was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
"vvar debts of loyal states.
Mr. LATHAM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Printing, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Rcsnlved, That there be printed for the use of the
House, live thousand extra copies of the report of the
commission on the war debts of the loyal States, with
a bill accompanying the same.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to reconsider the vote
agreeing to the resolution, and to lay that mo-
tion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield a moment to allow me to pre-
sent a bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
I call for the regular order.
leave of absence.
Mr. BAKER, by unanimous consent, asked
leave of absence for his colleague, Mr. Cook,
to-day.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
message FH03I the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney.
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. 29) for the
transfer of funds appropriated for the payment
of salaries in the Post Office Department to the
general salary account of that Department, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
contested-election case.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the contested-election case of Henry D. Wash-
burn vs. Daniel W. Yoorhees, in the seventh con-
gressional district of Indiana, Mr. Marshall
being entitled to the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am aware of the char-
acter which the chairman of the Committee of
Elections has deservedly acquired for ability,
and for the thoroughness with which he usually
examines the cases submitted to him for inves-
tigation, and for the boldness and courage with
which he defends his opinions, whether they
concur with those of the majority or not.
Mr. VOORHEES. I wUi to state, and to
state by way of correcting a statement made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] the other day. as it appears in ihe
Globe, that with whatever accuracy he may
have examined this case lie misstates the num-
ber of counties which compose my district.
He states that it is composed of live counties,
whereas it is composed ol eight. It is possible
that he has overlooked some other things in
this case.
Mr. MARSHALL. I must say, in justice
to myself, that whatever respect 1 may have
usually for the opinion of the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,}
I am constrained on this occasion to come to
the conclusion that he has not examined the
evidence in this case with that care whieh hfe
usually gives to questions of this kind. I think
he is mistaken both in-regard to the law and
the facts bearing upon the ease.
In regard to the legal questions involved, I
shall devote to them but a moment of time,
taking it for granted that most of the members
of this House are lawyers, or those familiar at
least with the proper application of legal prin-
ciples.
It is contended on the part of the sitting
member, in the first place, that there is no evi-
dence before the House except the official
returns, which show that Mr. Voorhees was
elected by 534 votes.
Mr. DAWES. I want, if the gentleman will
allow me, to ask the sitting member about the
number of counties in his district. He says
that there are eight counties in his district.
The report says that the district is composed of
the counties of Parke, Vermillion, Vigo, Clay,
Putnam, Greene, Owen, and Sullivan. I did
not count them as I read them, but the gentle-
man can say whether there are five or eight
reported.
Mr. VOORHEES. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts pretend that he was correct in
saying that the seventh congressional district of
Indiana is composed of but five counties?
Mr. DAWES. I have not said any such
thing. I read from the report the names of
the counties ; f did not count them.
Mr. VOORHEES. Then you are misre-
ported in the Globe, for there you are made to
say that the district is composed of five coun-
ties. It is composed of eight counties.
Mr. DAWES. I read from the report. I
suppose the sittin g member has read the report.
I may be mistaken, however, about that.
Mr. VOORHEES. The gentleman stated
that there were only five counties in the district
when there are eight. That is the inaccuracy
his report is based upon.
Mr. DAWES. Well, let us settle this thing.
I know my friend has read the report, and if
he says that I stated that there are only five
counties in the district, lie stands here charged
with a willful misrepresentation of the report,
for the report does not state that.
Mr. VOORHEES. 1 did not say that the
statement was in the report. I referred to the
speech made by the gentleman in the House on
Wednesday, and whieh I find in the Globe, in
which he states that the district is composed of
five counties. It is composed of eight counties,
and you [addressing Mr. Dawes] stand con-
victed here of an offense that it is unnecessary
to mention.
Mr. MARSHALL. I must really decline to
yield further. This is entirely outside of what
I was saying myself.
Mr. DAWES. It is not outside of what the
gentleman yielded the floor to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Voorhees] to say, and I
only wish to say that I hold a position of rej
sponsibility before this House and I will not
permit any man to say that I have intentionally
misled this House in any manner.
I am liable to mistakes as well as anybody;
quite as frequently as anybody do I make them
upon this floor. I stand corrected^ whenever
I am mistaken. I called the attention of the
gentleman from Indiana in good temper to this
report, and asked him if I had made a mistake.
He said that he had read the report, and having
said tliat., took up a pamphlet—notthe Globe;
I do not know what it was—and reiterated the
charge that I had said the district was com-
posed of onlvfive counties. I called his atten-
tion in good temper to the fact that the report
enumerated the eight counties. 1 leave the
matter there.
Mr. MARSHALL. I decline to yield fur-
ther for the discussion of this matter. There
will be ample time, I imagine, for the chair-
man of the committee, the sitting member, and
all others, to discuss these side-bar matters
