L06&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
earily made by affiants when prices, through the in-
flation of the currency and thescarcity of labor, were
at or about the maximum rates ahove givern
Affiants are unable to state in detail and with pre-
cision the increased cost of the various kinds and
amounts of material and labor beyond what such
cost would have been had the work not been sus-
pended.. But they are confident the following is not
an exaggerated statement of such increased cost:
1,393,704 lbs, pig iron, (2,240 lbs. pig iron produced but
2,000 S>s. eastings,) @ * cent ® lb  $6,968 52
200,000 lbs. wrought iron, @ 5 cents ^ ft)  10,000 00
475 tons coal, including freight from Eliza-
bethtown to foundery, for melting power,
&c„ @ $4 50 <i? ton   2,137 50
Molding and shop expenses on 1,393,704 lbs.
pig iron, @ li- ccnt ^ ib  20,905 56
Fitting, drilling, &e.—16,000 days' work, @
$1 25 '■$ day  20,000 00
Putting up—8,OOOdays' work, © $1 50 day. 12,000 00
Paint and painting  1,000 00
Preight andcarfcage on 700tons, @ $3^ton. 2,100 00
Pattern makers' time, 4,500 days, © $1 25 9
day  5,025 00
Carvers' wages, 300 days, 82 3 day  600 00
100,000feet lumber, ('}' $15 ^thousand  1,500 00
100 kegs nails, ® $3 ^ keg  300 00
Superintendence, tools, oil, machinery, belt-
ing  8,000 00
Incidental expenses  5,000 00
Total increased cost to contractors $95,136 58
The memorialists farther represent that, inasmuch
as the suspension occurred through no fault of theirs
and against their remonstrances, they are legally and
equitably entitled to pay for all done after the sus-
pension, at the lair value of the woik. Messrs.
George It. Jackson and J. B. Cornell, who are as com-
petent and reliable experts on the question as any
gentlemen m the country, have given their estimates
in the affidavits above referred to. Mr. Jackson says
fifteen cents a pound would be less than a fair price
for the work done after the suspension, and Mr. Cor-
nell says that twenty cents would be no more tlian a
fairpnee. The memorialists therefore ask that Con-
gress pay them, in addition to the seven cents per
pound which they have already received, eight cents
per pound on the 1,431,884 pounds manufactured and
erected after the work was resumed—SUB,550 72.
The memorialists originally took the contract at a
price which they were well aware left no room for
profit. But for the suspension they could, however,
have executed it without considerable loss. In now
asking the amount named above, they seek not more
than the law would probably give them as damages,
nor more than will repair their losses actually in-
eutred by the Ill-each of the contract. They claim no
profit from their labor, more than the honor of hay-
ing their names associated with a work which in
design and execution has no equal in the ornamental
architecture of tne world.
The committee find the foregoing statements of the
memorialists substantially true.
That they did contract for the work on the dome
of the Capitol, as they have stated. They also find
that the work on the dome was arbitrarily interrupted
by the Secretary of War, and that they were put to
much damage amiloss, andincurred great expense in
afterward carrying forward the work, till they finally
biou^ht it to its present beauty and perfection, a
structure scarcely, if anywhere. equaled in the world.
In doing this the memorialists by the action of the
Government were put at too much increased expense
as before stated ; materials and labor each cost more
when tile work was resumed than they did when it
was interrupted.
This fact is made kinnvn to the committee not alone
by proofs in this case, but by their general knowledge
of prices.
The committee, however, have not adopted the
basis of damages as stated by the memorialists, but
have endoavored to makeainoie exact calculation
of the work pat up each year, and the price which
should be paid lor it.
The work was interrupted in May, 1861. andiecom-
menced in May, 1S62.
In the year 1832 the memorialists put in place
053.195 pounds of iron; on this they should be paid
three ecejs per pound additional, making 810,595 85.
In ISOJWhey put up 5S6.743 pounds, and for this they
should have lour cents per pound additional, making
$23,489 72.
In 1864 they put up 190,640 pounds of iron, and on
this they should be paid seven cents per pound addi-
tional, making 615,346 0o.
In 1865 thi y put up 51,237 pounds of iron, and for
this they should he paid eight cents per pound addi-
tional, making>1,092 96; amounting in all to thesum
of $00,521 66.
In accordance with theabove the committee report
the accompanying biil and recommend its passage.
Mr. HOWE. I feel bound to say to the
Senate that I am not satisfied with this report
or with the bill. The Senate doubtless un-
derstand from the reading of the report that
these gentlemen claim damages which they say
they sustained by reason of the violation of a
contract made by them with the Government
of the United States for the completion of the
dome of (his building. 1 think the bill ought
not to pass for two reasons: first, I think that
the proof is very defective upon which the
committee have alleged that there was a vio-
lation of the contract; and secondly, if there
was a violation of the contract, I think the
report overestimates the damage sustained in
consequence of it.
The existence of the contract is undisputed.
The claimants allege that by direction of the
Secretary of War they were ordered to sus-
pend work on the Capitol dome in the spring
of 1861. I believe there is no proof of that
except the allegation in the petition itself.
Mr. CLARK. There is the order. There
is no question about it.
Mr. HOWE. The order is simply this, as
near as I remember it; they are directed not
to prosecute the work unless they will do so,
content to take their pay when the Govern-
ment can pay-them, or when the Government
has money to expend upon works of art. It
is very manifest that, let them do the work
when they would, or let any contractor do the
work when he would, he can only get his pay
when the Government has the money to pay
him. Every man does work for the Govern-
ment on that condition; and every man does
work for everybody else on that condition.
He cannot get his pay until the debtor has the
money to pay him. I do not think the Secre-
tary of War had any authority to interfere with
this contract. I do not think he ought to have
interfered with the execution of it. I do not
think he did interfere except in that way. 1
think, in spite of all the Secretary of "War
said, the contractors were still at liberty to go
on and complete the work, and their obliga-
tion would have been just as good upon the
Government as if the Secretary of War had
said nothing.
But, supposing that to be a violation of the
contract, the Senate ought to consider what
was the state of the contract at that time.
Something more than half the work had been
done, and that the cheapest part of the work,
because it was the lowest part of the dome.
The contract, then, was violated when half of
the work, and that the cheapest part, was done.
What was the damage to the contractor? He
got paid for doing the cheapest work at the
same rate which the contract provided for pay-
ing for the whole. Clearty, then, there was no
damage if he had stopped then, if he had not
prosecuted the work any further. But it seems
a year subsequent to that he was requested to
go on and complete the contract, and he con-
cluded to go on under the contract. I cannot
help regarding that as a new bargain to com-
plete the contract on the terms stipulated in
the original bargain.
There is no doubt that prices had enhanced
in the market. It was more expensive to get
labor and get materials in 18G2 than it was in
1861. Anil considering the fact that the Sec-
retary did make this request to suspend work
in 1861, I should not thmk it hard to ask the
Government to pay what the work actually
cost in 1862 more than it cost in 1861; but it
was clearly in the power of the contractors to
finish the'workin 1862, and I think the most
they can claim is the difference between the
cost of labor and materials in 1862 and the
cost of labor and materials in 1S61. Instead
of that the report gives them the additional
price in 1862 for what work was done in 1802,
the additional cost of work and labor in 1863 for
what was done in that year, and a still higher
price for what was done in 1884, leaving them
to run the job through three years when prices
were constantly going up; whereas the peti-
tion itself states that they could have com-
pleted it in one year, that they could have
completed it in the year 1861. If they could
have completed it in 1861, I think they could
have completed it in 1862, and if we are to make
them compensation for the advance in 'prices
between those two years it is all we ought to
do. I do not think "the Senate is much inter-
ested in it, and therefore I will not spend any
i further lime upon it.
1 Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the chairman
whether there is evidence that the work could
have been completed in one year.
Mr. CLARK. I think it was very satisfac-
torily shown that if they had not been inter-
rupted they could have gone on and completed
it within a year.
Mr. JOHNSON. When they went to work
again, why did they not go on and complete it
within a year?
Mr. CLARK. Because it was impossible to
get their men back to the foundery and do the
same work they had been doing before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did it take three years
to get them back ?
Mr. CLARK. It took three years to get
the work through, as they were going on.
Mr. HOWE. What is the evidence that they
could not get the men back in 1862?
Mr. CLARK. I think it is to be found in a
variety of documents the committee had before
them. I have not got them here now, because
I separated them out from the papers that I
wanted to go on the files ; but I have exam-
ined this case with great care. For a year or
two the attention of the late Senator from Ver-
mont (Mr. Foot) was called to it when he was
upon the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, and he became very well satisfied
that the Government owed these parties a large
amount of money. The same claim was before
the Committee on Claims in the last Congress,
and was under the attention of the Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] who came to the
same conclusion, but did not arrive at the exact
amount that ought to be paid. *
At this session of Congress it came before
the Committee on Claims again, and I have
devoted to it a good deal of time, such time
as I could command during the business of the
Senate, and have made a very careful analy-
sis of the claim. We have not awarded them
anything by way of damage, simply upon the
claim itself. There is no doubt in the world
that they had this contract to do this work at
a given rate, and that they were going on suc-
cessfully, were engaged in doing the work
when the war broke out. There was no pro-
vision that the Government should have any
right to stop their contract; but when the war
broke out the Secretary of War by an arbi-
trary order stopped the work unless these par-
ties would go on and do it at their own risk and
pay their own men. They having at that time
a considerable quantity of cast iron laying
under the derrick, which would become rusted
and broken to a certain extent and spoiled,
went on and put that work up at their own
expense, and it was a year after that time be-
fore the Government would settle. Notwith-
standing the Secretary of War arbitrarily broke
the contract in that way, when the quarter-
master came to settle, though the parties were
entitled to their money, he would not pay them
so much by a cent per pound, keeping back
not only the fifteen per cent, which he had for
security that they would go on with the con-
tract, but he kept back a cent a pound for all
the work done by these parties and allowed
no interest. And it was not till about the time
we were getting a bill through to put the work
into the hands of the Secretary of the Interior
and ordering it to go on that the quartermas-
ter would settle with these parties for work
that was done long before.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Who was the quarter-
master ?
Mr. CLARK. Meigs, the Quartermaster
General.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He made the contract,
did he not?
Mr. CLARK. No. Franklin made the con-
tract. and the evidence, all the way through,
shows how these parties were used by the quar-
termaster; I now mean Franklin. These par-
ties contracted to put this iron in place. They
east their iron in New York according to the
pattern, and when it was brought here it had
to have some chipping and filing done in order
to fix it to the places; and the quartermaster
—I mean Franklin now—required them to
sweep up the chippings and the filings, and he
weighed them back to those men and charged
them for them. Then when they came to in-
terrupt the contract for a year they kept back
all that was due these parties as security, that
