3872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
some time or other they should undertake to
go on'again. In determining what these men
should have, we can ascertain exactly what
they paid in the year 1862 after they resumed
the contract, and the committee have allowed
them three cents a pound additional for putting
that up. They could have got their iron in
Baltimore at the time they were interrupted
for seventeen dollars a ton for pig iron, and
they had to pay afterward as high as fifty or
sixty dollars a ton. They not only showed us
the estimate but brought us the bill of the par-
ties whom they paid lor the iron, showing ex-
actly what they did pay themselves. It was
not an estimate of the price of iron, but was
exactly what they had to pay. For iron which
they could have had at from seventeen to
twenty dollars a ton they had to pay from
thirty-five to fifty dollars ; and they had some-
times to pay for freight as high as seven dol-
lars a ton. You know, Mr. President, that
freights were very high. When they under-
took the work they could bring castings by
water, but afterward the Potomac was block-
aded and they could not bring it in that way.
They were obliged to bring it over the rail-
road and get it along as best they could. Coal
became very high.
So much were they pressed by the stoppage,
of this work that they had to sell their real
estate in New York at a loss in order to meet
their payments and carry forward this work
which they were undertaking for the Govern-
ment; and at the very time that they had to
sell their real estate to meet their payments
Government was keeping back from thirty to
forty thousand dollars of their money without
any sort of propriety.
it is a case that appeals to the justice of the
Government. They think they should have si
Uirgersiuii; they think they should have ninety-
odd thousand dollars. The committee did not
think so, but they figured it down to the lowest
sum, and by pounds and ounces have awarded
them sixty-two thousand odd dollars. I think
the bill should pass.
Mr. WILLIAMS. T concurred in this report,
and lam satisfied of its correctness; and if
there be any objection to it, it consists in not,
allowing these men as much as they are entitled
to recover, and in my judgment could recover,
in a court, of Uiw in case tin's contract existed
between these petitioners and another person.
They entered into a contract with the Govern-
ment of the United States to do a certain quan-
tity of work at a certain price. After they had
entered upon that work and made their prep-
arations, hired their skilled workmen, and pro-
cured their materials for the completion of the
work, the Government interposed and arbi-
trarily discharged them, refused to allow the
men to procced and perform the contract.
Mr. JOHNSON". Permit mo to ask whether
there was any provision in the contract that
the Government should be at liberty to ter-
minate the contract at anv time.
Mr. WILLIAMS. None whatever.
Mr. CLARK. Not the least. There was
no allusion to any such thing.
Mi-. WILLIAMS. The petitioners were com-
pelled at that time to abandon their contract,
at a time when labor was cheap and materials
were comparatively cheap. 'Then a period of
about a year intervened. After the expiration
of that year they were requested to resume the
work upon this contract and they proceeded
pursuant to that request to complete the job of
work. Now, I say that they would be entitled
in a court of law to recover upon a quantum
meruit, that the violation of the contract on the
part of the Government discharged them from
its obligations, and when the Government re-
quested them to resume this work, and they did
pursuant to that request resume the work, they
would be entitled to recover what that work
was reasonably w">rth.
Mr. JOHNSON. Unless they agreed to go
on under the contract, they would certainly.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is no evidence
here that they did agree to go on under the
contract.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would not that be the
legal effect of it?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not necessarily.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it would.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The Government retained
$30,000 of money that belonged to these per-
sons. There was no reason for them to expect
that tlie Government would pay to them this
$30,000 unless they did go on and finish the
contract.
Mr. HOWE. I want to know if the Govern-
ment did not owe them the §30,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know what view
the Government took; but the §30,000 was re-
served to compel these men to complete the
contract, and they were not entitled, according
to the view which the Government took of the
contract, to receive the $30,000 until the con-
tract was completed, until the dome was erected
and finished.
Mr. HOWE. Has the Government beeu
heard? When the Senator talks about "the
Government," I suppose he means the Quar-
termaster General.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is "the Govern-
ment' ' for this purpose.
Mr. HOWE. Has that embodiment of the
Government been heard from on this sub-
ject?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I judge according to the
evidence that was submitted to the committee
iu this case ; and I would inquire of the Senate
for what purpose this $30,000 was retained by
the Government if it was not to compel these
men to resume this contract and complete the
job. It is manifest if the Government had any
object in retaining this &3(),000, after that
amount had been earned by these men, it was
to enforce them to a performance of the con-
tract. That could have been the only object
in retaining this amount of money.
Mr. HOWE. I will simply say that if the
Quartermaster General or Secretary of War
refused to pay the $30,000—what the evidence
is on that point I do not recollect, Senators can
tell—his refusal did not bind the Government.
It was just as easy for the contractors to apply
to Congress to pay them the $30,000 as it is for
them now to apply to Congress to pay them
$1)5,000.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that these
men understood or had any reason to suppose
that Congress would pay to them the $30,000
which was retained by the Quartermaster Gen-
eral or in the hands of the Government.
Mr. IIOWE. I think contractors in com-
mon with all other citizens of the United States
do act upon the theory that Congress will pay
what the Government owes.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know what view
would have been taken of that claim when pre-
sented to Congress. It might have been an-
swered that these men had earned this money:
that it was m the hands of the Quartermaster
General, if he was the proper officer to hold
it; and Congress might have referred them to
that officer and required them to demand and
obtain the money from him, if they could.
But, sir, I do not consider that that objec-
tion is at all material. The fact is that the
Government violated this contract. The Gov-
ernment threw these men out of employment
for one year. They were compelled to dis-
charge their skilled workmen ; they were com-
pelled to abandon all the preparations and
arrangements which they had made for the pro-
curement of material; and then, after labor
had risen to two or three times what it cost
in 1801, and after materials had risen two or
three times higher than they would cost in
1861, these men, at the request of the Gov-
ernment, and under this sort of compulsion
which the Government imposed upon them by
withholding $30,000, resumed this labor and
completed the job; aud now they simply ask
that the Government shall pay them what that
labor was reasonably worth, because they say
if the Government had not wafitonly and ar-
bitrarily interposed and prevented them from
performing this contract they would have per-
formed it according to the letter of the con-
tract in 1861, and would have been contented
with the payment provided for in the contract.
Now, sir, it would be manifest injustice for
the Government to compel these men to do
this labor when labor cost two or three times
as much and materials cost two or three times
as much as they did when they had the eon-
tract and could have performed it. Manifest
injustice, I say, will be done if the Govern-
ment shall now say to these men, "You shall
have no more for the work than the original
contract price." The committee have not
allowed these men as much as they would be
entitled to estimating the prices as they ranged
at that time; but they made an estimate giving
them a part, and not a very large proportion,
as I thihk, of the additional expense that was
imposed upon them by the violation of this
contract on the part of the Government; and
if these parties were to go into a court of law,
if that were practicable, and sue the Govern-
ment, I can see no reason why they would not
be entitled to recover what their labor and
materials were reasonably worth when the
work was done under this request on the part
of the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do'not propose this
warm evening to argue this ease with the mem-
bers of the committee who have reported it,
nor am I sufficiently familiar with the facts to
do so; hut I was not satisfied from the read-
ing of the report that the measure of damages
adopted by the committee was a proper one.
This case is argued by the Senator from Ore-
gon as if the parties engaged in the manufac-
ture of iron for the dome of this building were
engaged in no other business. He says they
discharged their hands and could not get them
back again. Now, I suppose if the lact was
inquired into it would be found that they were
large manufacturers and probably had just as
many hands 
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to state to the Sen-
ator exactly how that was. The only other
business they had was a separate business'of
making ranges for dwelling-houses, nothing
at all compared with this, and when this was
stopped they were obliged to shut up the shop
that they had for this and discharge all the
hands connected with this work.
Mr. TliuMBULL. I know that the iron
manufacturers were very prosperous during
the war.
Mr. CLARK. These men did make some-
thing on their ranges.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should suppose they
were no exception to the general rule. But I
do not propose to argue the ease here. I would
ask Senators who are present, if I can get their
attention for a moment, for what purpose we
have established the Court of Claims. Can
anybody tell me what we have established the
Court of Claims for if it is not to try just such
cases as this? I have always insisted that the
worst possible body to adjudicate upon claims
was a committee of Congress. Now, I have
very great confidence in the Senator from New
Hampshire aud in the Senator from Oregon
and in their opinions when they have investi-
gated a case ; but why they should hlVe spent
time in investigating this case and bringing it
here, I cannot conceive. Here is a case grow-
ing out of a contract between Government and
certain parties directly within the terms of the
law, giving these parties the light to go into
the Court of Claims to enforce their claim if
they have one. Why did they not go there ?
The only reason why they do not go there must
be because they think they will do better trust-
ing Congress.
Mr. CLARK. Let me say to the Senator
that the House and Senate have not always
been able to agree in regard to the cases that
should go to the Court of Claims. After the
bill was passed amending the Court of Claims
act and giving them certain jurisdiction, the
Senate committee undertook to be pretty strict
in regard to it, but the House would send their
reports aud their matters still to the Committee
of Claims for examination. In the Congress
before the last this bill was seni by the Senate
