1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2913
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had non-concurred in
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 459) granting a pension to Anna E. Ward,
the former announcement of concurrence in
the amendment having been a mistake.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had concurred in
the amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.
3i. No. 11) to facilitate commercial, postal,
and military communication among the several
States.
anna e. ward.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 459) granting apen-
sionto Anna E. Ward, which was disagreed to
by the House of Representatives.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the
Senate insist on its amendment to the bill, ask
for a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and that
the conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the President pro tempore.
The motion was agreed to ; and Messrs.
Lane of Indiana, Edmunds, and Guthrie were
appointed the committee on the part of the
Senate.
bill introduced.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 349) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 18G4, and the amendment thereto;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
leave of absence.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to ask leave of
absence for my colleague [Mr. Nesmitii] for
two weeks from Monday next. He has busi-
ness that requires him to be absent from the
Senate.
Leave was granted.
pension laws.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I desire to make
a report from the committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. No. 363) supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions. I will state
that the House have concurred mainly in the
amendments of the Senate, and that the amend-
ments proposed by the House, which we have
agreed to, are simply verbal and immaterial.
I move that the Senate concur in the report of
the committee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
of the committee of conference will now be
read and considered, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 363) supplementary to the several acts
relating to pensions having met, after full and free
conlerence have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to Senate amendments numbered
one, two, three, four, and live.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered six, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: after the word
41 to" strike out the words "materially interfere with
the performance of manual labor without wholly in-
capacitating them therefor" and insert "render their
inability to perform manual labor equivalent to the
loss of a hand or a foot."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered seven, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: strike out all
of the new section proposed to the word "effect," and
retain the remainder as an addition to section three
of tile House bill.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered eight, and agree to the
same with the following amendments: in the third
line strike out "fifty" and insert "twenty-five;" in
line six strikeout" twenty-five" and insert" fifteen;"
and in line seven, after the word " pensioner," insert
"or his attorney in fact."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered nine, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: after the word
"age" in line six insert " and the father as well as
the mother."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered ten, and tnat the fol-
lowing be insertedaftei the word/' time" in Unesix :
"and in every casein which a claim for pension shall
39th Con«. 1st —No, 183.
not have been filed within three years after the dis-
charge^' decease of tn-6 party on whose account the
claim is made, the pension, it allowed, shall com-
mence from the date of filing the last paper in said
case by the party prosecuting the same."
That the House refuse to recede from their dis-
agreement to Senate amendment numbered eleven,
and that tho Senate recede from said amendment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered twelve, and agree to
the same with the foil awing amendment: in lines
fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen, strike out the words
" for a period of two years next preceding the enlist-
ment of the man."
H. S. LANE,
P. 6. VAN "WINKLE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
SIDNEY PERHAM,
Q. V. LAWRENCE,
NELSON TAYLOR,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
internal revenue.
The bill (H. R. No. 513) to reduce internal
taxation and to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved June
30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof, was
read twice by its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is suggested to me
that it may be well to print a few extra copies
of this bill, as they will be needed for use to a
considerable extent. I propose that we order
the printing of five hundred extra copies, and
I suppose it can be done by common consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rules a motion to print extra copies goes to the
Committee on Printing; but the Chair can
entertain the motion by the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate. The Senator from Maine
moves that five hundred extra copies of this
bill be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from New
Hampshire suggests to me that the law requir-
ing such a motion to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing can hardly be dispensed
with by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLARK. The law requires that a mo-
tion to print extra copies should go to the
Committee on Printing. They can report it
back in a few moments.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. ANTHONY subsequently, from the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
the motion submitted by Mr. Fessendex to
print five hundred extra copies of House bill
No. 513, reported in favor of the motion ; and
it was agreed to.
death of general scott,
Mr. WILSON, from the joint Military Com-
mittees of the two Houses, authorized to report
what measures should be taken in relation to
the death of General Scott, reported the fol-
lowing concurrent resolutions:
Resolvedly the Senate, (the House of R,oprosenla-
tives concurring,) That the two Houses of Congress
have received with profound sensibility the intelli-
gence of the death of Brevet Lieutenant General
Win field Scott.
Resolved, That the exalted virtues, both public and
private, and the wisdom, patriotism, and valor of this
illustrious man in defense of Uis country and the
maintenance of her honor and glory for more than
half a century against foreign and domestic enemies,
in war and in peace, claim the liveliest gratitude and
the deepest veneration of the American people.
Resolved, That as a further mark of respect to the
memory of the deceased, when the two Houses of
Congress adjourn to-day, they shall adjourn to meet
on Monday next, and that a joint committee, to con-
sist of seven members of the Senate and nine mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, be appointed,
who, together with the Presiding Officers of both
Houses, shall proceed to West Point to represent
Congress at the funeral ceremonies which are to take i
place to-morrow, and that said committee be at-
tended by the Sergeants-at-Arms of both Houses.
Mr. WILSON. T ask for the present con-
sideration of the resolutions.
The resolutions were considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to nem. con.
Mr. WILSON subsequently said: I move
that the committee ordered to be appointed to
attend the funeral of General Scott to-morrow
be appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to.
A message was afterward received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. McPhersoit,
its Clerk, announcing its concurrence in the
resolutions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Wilson, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Lane of Indi-
ana, Mr. Davis, Mr. Grimes, Mr. Anthony,
and Mr. Nesmith as the committee on the part
of the Senate.
kansas and neosiio yalley railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of "Senate bill
No. 285.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 285) granting lands
to the State of Kansas to aid in the construc-
tion of the Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad
and its extension to Red river.
The bill was reported from the Committee
on Public Lands with amendments.
The first amendment reported by the com-
mittee was in section one, line ten, after the
word "Kansas" to insert " with a view of its
extension."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line twelve, to strike out the word " Parston"^
and insert "Preston."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mod-
ification will be made without a vote, if there
be no objection.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line fifteen, after the word "land" to
insert "or parts thereof,"
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line forty-five, to strike out after the word
"road" the words "from the even-numbered
sections of said lands reserved to the United
States ;" so that the proviso will read:
A ltd'providedfurther, That said lands hereby granted
shall not be selected beyond twenty miles from the
line of said road, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
fifteen, after the word "who" to insert " make
their settlement after the passage of this act,
and;" so that the clause will read :
That settlers under the provisions of thehomcstead
act who make their settlement after the passage ot
this act, and comply with theterms and t eijuiremcrits
of said act. shall be entitled, £:<■.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, lines eighteen and nineteen, to strike out
the words '' anything in this act to the contrary
notwithstanding.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line four, after the word "at" to insert "all;"
so that the clause will read:
Said company, after the construction of its road,
shall keep it in repair and use,, and at all times be in
readiness to transport troops, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line seventeen, to strike out "one hundred"
and insert "so many," and in line eighteen to
strike out "and" and insert "as are;" so that
the clause will read:
Then the said Secretary of the Interior shall issue
to the said company patents for so many sections of
tlie laud within the limits above named as are con-
terminous with said completed &eoiion hereinbefore
granted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-four
of the same section to strike out "one hun-
dred sections of said" and insert "the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, lines twenty-six, twenty-seven, twenty-
eight, twenty-nine, thirty, and thirty-one, to
strike out the following proviso :
Provided, That if said railroad company or its as-
signs shall fail to complete at least one section of
said road each year tiom the date of its acceptance
of the grant provided for in this act, then its right to
the lands for said section so failing of completion shall
revert to the Grovemmeiit of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
