1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3873
to the Committee on Public Buildings for ex-
amination. instead of to the Court of Claims.
At the last Congress it was sent to the Com-
mittee on Claims for examination, but was not
examined. At this session it was sent again
by the Senate to the Committee on Claims to
bo examined. Three times it has been sent
by the Senate to committees of this body for
examination; and the committee did not feel,
when it had been sent iu that way, after the
parties had made their preparation under the
direction of the Senate in that way, that they
should be turned over to the Court of Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In reply to that I will
appeal to Senators as to what the practice of
this body is. When the petition comes here
from some claimant it is presented in the morn-
ing hour, and nobody pays any attention to it,
and it is sent without a vote or without a word
either at the suggestion of the President to the
appropriate committee or a motion is made that
it go to the committee. It is no passing upon
the matter by the Senate ; and if the Court of
Claims is for any purpose it is to hear just such
a case as this. The Senator from Oregon tells
us that the Government violated its contract;
that it is under legal obligation to pay these
parties. Let them go to the court. These par-
ties understood very well that the Court of
Claims had jurisdiction of this ease. Why not
go there, where attorneys are employed upon
both sides, where the testimony is not ex parte,
where every fact is submitted to a judicial test
by cross-examination, and where adverse wit-
nesses are called ? They did not want to go
there.
Now, sir, I move that this case be referred
to the Court of Claims. I am not disposed to
argue it, but I hope the Senate will send it to
the Court of Claims at once. If these parties
are entitled to more than $60,000, let the
-Court of Claims give them more, and I shall
be satisfied. While we have a Court of Claims
for the investigation of just such cases, I insist
upon it that the precedent is bad to undertake
to act upon thepi in Congress. I presume
every Senator, like myself, will admit that the
vote he gives upon this claim is given entirely
upon trust, not from any personal examination
of his own. I have listened to this report, and
I am not at all satisfied with the "principle
adopted as a rule of damages. I do not think
it would do in a court of law to adopt such a
rule. What is it? The.se parties are allowed
by this report the difference between the price
of iron in 1864 and its price in 1861. These
contractors were only stopped one year; and
are th-ey, by running their contracts along for
three yearsj to be allowed the enhanced price
of iron the third year, when, according to their
own showing, they could have furnished the
whole of it, and ought to have furnished the
whole of it in one year, and that under the
pretense.that they could not get hands? We
know, as a general fact, that iron manufactur-
ers made.extravagant profits during the years
1862, 1863, 1864, and found hands. They
could afford to pay high prices, because they
made extravagant profits. I submit the motion
that this claim be referred to the Court of
Claims.
Mr. CLARK. I am not going to argue the
question whether it should go to the Court of
Claims or not. After the Senate have submitted
it to the committee and the committee have
bestowed their time upon it and investigated it
to the best of their ability, if the Senate are not
satisfied and desire to have it go to the Court
of Claims" I shall submit, though I think we
have done the matter justice. But I want to
state that after this worlj was interrupted in
18631, while the Government held over thirty
thousand dollars of these parties' money, the
Government—I speak' now of Congress—by
virtue of the act of April 19, 1862, directed
the work to be resumed under the Secretary
of the Interior. Before it was resumed they
took it out; from the hands of the War
Department, pit it into the hands of the Sec-
retary -of the Interior, and directed it to be
resumed, and at the-'very time they directed it
39th Cong. 1st >Sess.—No. 243.
to be resumed they hold over thirty thousand
dollars of these people's money. If that be
justice and they are to have no damages, I
cannot quite understand the rule of damages.
_ The PJRESIDING OFFICER,(Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The Senator from Illinois moves
that this bill be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. HOWE. I think that direction had
better be given to this claim. It will be seen
at once that we propose to vote sixty-odd
thousand dollars out of the Treasury. If
rightfully due to these parties, it is the fault
of certain high officers of the Government. I
think they ought to be heard. If not heard
here or in the Court of Claims they ought to
be sworn somewhere. I do not know that the
committee have received from them any ex-
planation of the conduct which is alleged to
have given these contractors a right to recover
of us over sixty thousand dollars. Certainly,
it seems to me, they ought to be heard upon that
point. I believe, though I am not prepared
to speak so confidently upon that point as the
Senator from New Hampshire is, because I
have not examined the case as closely as he
has, this report is mainly but a recitation of
what is said in the petition of the contractors.
I do not know of any evidence going to show
even that the contractors discharged a man in
1861. I can conceive it very probable that
they did discharge a good many ; but I do not
know of a particle of testimony in the case
going to show that they could not have com-
pleted this whole work in 1862 just as well as
in 1861.
Mr. CLARK. I will inquire of the Senator
if he has examined the testimony.
Mr. HOWE. Not very closely.
Mr. CLARK. I supposed so.
Mr. HOWE. I asked the Senator to refer
me to the evidence, but he has not done it.
Mr. CLARK. Because I have not all the
papers here.
Mr. HOWE. I asked for it in committee,
and did not get it. The Senator said that at
the last session these papers were in the hands
of another member of the committee. My im-
pression is that at the last session they were in
my hands; I gave it some examination, not
enough to be able even to report to the com-
mittee upon it; but I do not know of any evi-
dence in the case which ought to satisfy us
that this work could not have been done in
1862 just as well as in sixty years. On the
contrary, I think there are strong reasons
for concluding that those very contractors did
a great deal xnore than the amount of work
that would have been required of them to com-
plete this contract. They were carrying on
other branches of business which paid large
profits. The profits of that kind of manufac-
turing were constantly going on, and I can
conceive, if they were smart business men, as
I believe they are, they were ambitious of ex-
tending that branch of their work instead of
this branch, the price for which was limited,
and limited by a contract made before high
prices commenced. In this state of the proof
I do submit that this case had better go to the
Court of Claims, where parties can be heard,
by sworn witnesses as well as by the arguments
of counsel.
Mr. CLARK. I find I have the proof here,
and sworn witnesses as well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Cross-examined or
mere affidavits?
Mr. CLARK. Not cross-examined. Here
is a great variety of statements proving all the
facts set out very clearly.
Mr. POMEROY. I submit to the Senator,
as the Senate is very thin, whether the bill had
not better he. laid aside and let us take a vote
on it to-morrow. If we have a division, it is
manifest to me that we shall have to adjourn.
Mr. CLARK. If anybody is disposed to
make any objection because there is not a quo-
rum here, I will move to adjourn, and that will
carry the bill over and make it the order of the
day for to-morrow.
_ Mr. POMBROY. Are there not some other
bills to be acted upon ?
Mr. CLARK. We have nothing else but the
Amies case.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to reach that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as I am con-
cerned, I shall bo satisfied with an expression
of the Senators present. If it is maniiest that
they arc not disposed to refer it, I am willing
to let it be acted upon. I shall not call for a
division.
Mr. CLARK. Let us lake a vote, then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It' Senators will vote,
the Chair can decidc what the disposition of
the Senators present is, whether to refer it
or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to refer this bill to the Court
of Claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think the
Court of Claims is any more competent to
examine this case than the committee that
has examined it. The labor has been gone
through with, and I am not in favor of its
reference. It is not entirely clear that it
comes within the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Witnesses have not been
cross-examined here. The case is on ex parte,
affidavits entirely.
Mr. HOWE. What is that testimony, I
should like to know.
Mr. CLARK. The testimony of the three
several partners individually as to those facts,
and then a great variety of other witnesses who
swear to it.
Mr. HOWE. Swear to what?
Mr. CLARK. To the great variety of facts
that go to make up the case, I think there are
as many as eight or nine affidavits here. I think
the facts stated in the report are fully^ proved.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator says he "finds on '
his table the affidavits of the three claimants
and eight or nine other affidavits. I do not
know but that ought to persuade the Senate
that the Government owes §62,000!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to these
matters of claims, there is one rule that has
always governed me in voting on motions to
refer to the Court of Claims. The simple
question with me always has been whether it
is a case of which they have jurisdiction. If
they have, I always vote to refer, because I
think the court has better opportunities of ex-
amining claims than committees can well have,
by the cross-examination of witnesses. It is
only those eases of private claims of which the
court have no jurisdiction that I am willing to
act upon here.
Mr. POMEROY.- The Senator must be
aware that if we refer it to the Court of Claims
that gives them jurisdiction whether they have
it under the law now or not.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the bill to the
Court of Claims.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
josiah o. amies.
Mr. CLARK. I now move to proceed to
the consideration of the bill (S. No. 16) for
the relief of Josiah O. Armes. I ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, if he is here, to with-
draw his motion for reconsideration, and let
the hill go to the other House.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us reconsider it.
_ Mr._ CLARK. No, I do not want to recon
sider it. The bill was passed and sent over to
the House and then brought back for a motion
to reconsider. I only want to get rid of the
motion to reconsider.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
The,PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The pending question is on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
