1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
26G) to establish additional offices fov the assay
of gold and silver, and for other purposes; which
■was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 64) for the appointment of a com-
mission to consist of engineers of the Army
upon the subject of the construction of railroad
bridges across the Mississippi river; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 65) for the discontinu-
ance of New Orleans branch mint, and for the
appropriation of the machinery thereof to the
construction of the branch mint in Nevada;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 267) authorizing the establishment of a
navy-yard and a coal and naval depot at the
harbor of Annapolis; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
. APPROVAL OF BILLS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Cooper , his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 13th instant, the following act and joint
resolutions:
An act (S. No. 199) to establish the collec-
tion district of Port Huron, the collection dis-
trict of Michigan, the collection district of Mon-
tana and Idaho, and to change the name of the
collection district of Penobscot;
A joint resolution (II. II. No. 44) author-
izing Commodore William Radford to accept a
decoration from the King of Italy ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 53) authorizing
Rear Admiral II. Paulding to acccpt a decora-
tion from the King of Italy ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 53) respecting
the burial of soldiers who died in the military
service of the United States during the rebel-
lion.
j. BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. On Friday last, under
the instruction of the Committee on Public
Lands, I reported to the Senate the bill (II.
R. No. 85) for the disposal of the public lands
for homestead actual settlement in the States
of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Florida, with amendments. Upon exam-
ining it since it has been printed I find that it
wili become necessary to refer it back to the
Committee on Public Lands, and I make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
ATI MI' REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Jlem'eeri, That the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia be instniLtod to inquire whether the
fall Army Register now in course of publication has
bee a compiled in accordancc with the requirement
of the joint resolution approved March 2,1865, and
wnat will be the cost of such publication.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to call the attention
of the Committee on Military Affairs to this
resolution. This roster was printed in pursu-
ance of the joint resolution approved March 2,
1865, which directed the publication of " a full
roster or roll of all general, field, Hue, and staff
officers of volunteers who have been in the
Army of the United States at any time since the
beginning of the present rebellion, including all
informal organizations which have been recog-
nized or accepted and paid by the United
States;'' and tiie resolution also goes on to say:
And, to defray in whole or in part the expenses of
this publication, an edition of twenty-five thousand
copies of such enlarged Eegxster shall bo published,
and may be sold to officers, soldiers, or citizens, at a
price which shall not more than cover the actual cost
of paper,printing, and binding; andshall not,in any
case, exceed one dollar per volume.
I suppose it was the idea oftlje Senate when
this resolution was passed that the roster could
be printed in about one volume, but I find that
it will take eight volumes, and to print an edi-
tion of twenty-five thousand copies of eight
volumes will cost $200,000. I should think
the probability of the Government being reim-
bursed by the sale of those copies of any con-
siderable portion of the expense of publication
is very doubtful indeed.
But that is not all. This resolution requires
that the roster shall include "all informal
organizations which have been recognized or
accepted and paid by the U nited States.'' Now,
I find in looking overthis Register, that the first
New Hampshire regiment, under Colonel Tap-
pan, is not named; the sixth Massachusetts
regiment, which marched through Baltimore
and drew the first blood of the rebellion, is not
mentioned; and the eighth Massachusetts regi-
ment, which opened the road from Annapolis,
is not mentioned. Both those regiments re-
ceived the thanks of Congress; and yet in this
roster, which was to include not only all the
regiments in the service, but all the informal
organizations, those regiments are not even
named. I find also that the first Rhode Island
regiment, which came by the way of Annapolis
to the relief of Washington, with my Colleague,
then Governor of Rhode Island, at the head of
it, under the command of Colonel Burnside.
afterward a major general, and now Governor-
elect of Rhode Island, is not mentioned. I
find also that the first, second, and third Con-
necticut regiments are not named. I do not
think Congress would be willing to expend
$200,000 to print that sort of a roster. I do
not know that this can be prevented; but with
regard to many regiments, instead of giving
the official list of the battles in which the regi-
ments bore an honorable part, I find this record:
"The official list of battles in which this regiment
bore an honorable part is not yet published in or-
ders."
I find that this paragraph applies to a third
of the regiments. I think it is time that those
were made known, if they are ever to be made
known. I do not know but that the delay is
unavoidable, but until those battles can be
ascertained and plaecd at the head of each
regiment, I think this publication had better
be postponed.
This is a subject that belongs properly to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and I hope
they will give it their attention.
I wish to say further, that I think the publi-
cation of this document is needlessly expen-
sive. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilsox] will find upon reading it over that
there are a great number of blank pages in it.
The Superintendent of Public Printing sub-
mitted to me what I considered a much better
form, and which would be much cheaper and
much more convenient, but it did not seem
to meet the approbation of those who are
engaged upon the worK. I would not under-
take to decide between the two. I think the
Committee on Military Affairs had better
examine into the subject.
The resolution was adopted.
CLAIM OF GEORGE JI'DOCGALL.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration :
Ke*ohed, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to report on the claim of George Mc-
Duugall, heretofore relerrcd to tlie Secretary of the
Interior by a resolution of the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. I will slate, in explana-
tion of the resolution, that it refers to a claim
connocted with Indian affairs in California.
It was formerly referred by a resolution of the
Senate, for report, to the Interior Department
when that Department was presided over by
Secretary Smith. No report was ever made ;
and the'present Secretary desires that a new
call may be made upon liim, if he is to be
called upon to report upon it. The object is
to get a report in order that it may be referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs for exam-
ination. The claimant is now deceased, and
the proceedings to be taken are in behalf of
his widow.
The resolution was adopted.
SIOUX CITY BRANCH PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 109.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 109) to rescind the
order of the President designating the Sioux
City and Pacific Railroad Company to con-
struct the branch of the Union Pacific railroad
from Sioux City.
As the President of the United States, on
the 24th of December, 1864, designated the
Sioux City and Pacific Railroad Company, _a
corporation of the State of Iowa, for the pur-
pose of constructing and operating the branch
of the Union Pacific railroad, authorized to be
constructed by the seventeenth section of the
act of Congress approved July 2, 1864, enti-
tled "An act to amend an act to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,"
&c.; and as that company has filed a map in
the Department of the Interior of the route
over which it proposes to construct the branch
road; and as the construction of the branch
road upon the route proposed will be in vio-
lation of the true intent and meaning of the
act of Congress, the bill proposes to amend the
order of the President designating the Sioux
City and Pacific Railroad Company to be the
company authorized to build the branch rail-
road, under and in pursuance of the seven-
teenth section of the act of Congress approved
July 2, 1864, entitled "An act to amend an act
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tel-
egraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean."
Mr. HOWARD. This bill was reported to
the Senate by the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad several weeks since. The object of
it is to set aside an order made by President
Lincoln, dated the 24th of December, 1864,
giving to the Sioux City Railroad Company
the right to construct what is known as the
Sioux City branch of the Pacific railroad.
The order to which I refer is found in Docu-
ment No. 14 of the Executive Documents of
the present session. It is as follows:
Whereas the Sioux City and Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, a company organized under tlie laws of Iowa,
has requested the President of the United States to
designate said company "for the purpose of con-
structing and operating a line of railroad and tele-
graph from Sioux City to such point on. and so a<to
connect with, the Iowa branch of the Union Pacific
railroad from Omaha, or the Union Pacific railroad,
as such company may select:"
Therefore be %t known, That by the authority con-
ferred upon thoPresident of the United States by the
seventeenth section of the act of Congress approved
J uly 2,1864, entitled " An act to amend an act to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph lino
from the Missouii river to the Pacific ocean," id.,
I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States,
do hereby designate the said Sioux City and Pacific;
Railroad Company for the purpose above mentoned.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
December 24,1864.
That order, it will be observed, was dated
the 24th of December, 1864. By the four-
teenth section of the Pacific railroad act of
1862, the Union Pacific Railroad Company was
bound to construct a branch from Sioux City,
upon the most direct and practicable route, to
a point on the Iowa branch or on the Pacific
railroad, not further west than the one hun-
dredth degree of longitude. It will be seen
that this clause of the act of 1862 made it ob-
ligatory upon the Pacific Railroad Company to
construct this Sioux City branch; but by the
act of 1864, amendatory of the Pacific railroad
act of 1802, the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany was relieved of the obligation to build it;
and the amendatory act provided as follows:
"That whenever a line of railroad shall be com-
pleted through the State of Iowa or Minnesota,to
Sioux City, such company, now organized or as may
