8874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 17, 18G6.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
Mr. SPALDING-. I move that the reading
of the Journal of yesterday be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
ratlr0ad to pacific ocean.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
be discharged from the further consideration of
the bill (S. No. 20) entitled "An act granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the States of Missouri and
Arkansas to the Pacific ocean." I desire that
it may go to the Speaker's table.
Mr. SPALDING-. I object.
mineral lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I move that the bill (S. No.
257) entitled "An act to regulate the occupa-
tion of mineral lands, and to extend the right
of preemption thereto," be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to bo printed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
election contest. a
Mr. McCLURG. I desire to announce to
the House that the contested-election ease of
Koontis vs. Coffroth will be called up as soon
as the privileged question now pending shall
be disposed of, or as soon thereafter as possi-
ble. I trust that members will endeavor to read
the report before the case comes up.
ASSAULT I'l'ON A MEMBER.
Mr. SPALDING. I give notice that I shall
demand a final vote on the question of privilege
in relation to the assault on a member at three
o'clock.
rations 01' union' prisoners.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution in regard t.o rations of
Union soldiers held as prisoneis of war.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas by general order of the War Department
of l'Vbruary 14, 1S(W, rations to Union .soldiers held
as prisonoi.Mjf warm the rebel States were commuted
at a cost price dining the period of imprisonment;
and whereas :i large number of tho said prisoners
have been paid under said order, but many equally
worthy with them and who have suffered in rebel
prisons have not been so paid: Therefore,
lie it revolved In/ the Senate nnfl House of Represent-
atives, (t-c., That all Union soldiers who were held as
prisoners of war m tho rebel States, and who have
not received any commutation of rations at a cost
price during theperiod of their imprisonment: Pro-
vided, That no person who has sold or transferred
any interest in the claim for commutation shall be
benefited by this resolution; and no purchaser or
assignee of such claim or interest shall be benefited
by this resolution, and that such commutation be
paid out of any money in the Tieasurynot otherwise
appropriated.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, ordered to be engrossed, and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
ujjon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
110uk of meeting.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask permission to move
that 011 and after to-morrow the House meet at
eleven o'clock. We have either got to have
evening sessions or meet earlier in the day.
Mr. STEVENS objected.
land titles in california.
Mr. BID WELL, fiom the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill to quiet land titles in Cali-
fornia, submitted the following report, and
demanded the previous question thereon:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho bill (S. No. 343) " to
quiet land titles in California," having mot, after
lull eonfeieiiee have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That tho Senate agree to the amendment of
tho House, including the first proviso of the tenth
amendment, as follows: "Provided, however, That
from decrees of the district court', as aforesaid, made
after July 1,1863, and prior to the passage of this act,
an appeal may be taken to the United States circuit
court of the State of California within one year from
the approval of this act."
That the House recede from the second proviso of
said tenth amendment; and the House agrees to the
same. S. C. POMEROY,
JOHN CONNHSS,
W. SPBAGUE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. BIDWELL,
G. W. ANDERSON,
Mo.nagers on the part of the If/d'ie.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordefed ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was agreed to.
Mr. BIDWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider he
laid upon the table.
The jitter motion was agreed to.
merchants' national bank.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, from the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency, to which was referred ft
resolution of the House for the investigation of
the affairs of the Merchants' National Bank,
made a report, accompanied by the following
resolution, and demanded the previous ques-
tion thereon:
lte*olved. That tlie Secretary of War be directed
to institute such legal proceedings as may be deemed
necessary for tho punishment of the managers of the
Merchants' National Bank, and others who may
have aided and abetted them in committing a breach
of trust by employing the public money inti listed to
them for safe-keeping, and also such proceedings as
may be necessary to recover any portion of said
money.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I raise a
question of order. I understand that to be
only a part of the report.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
the acceptance of the report as well as the
passage of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is before
the House for action.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I submit
the following resolution :
Resolved, That authenticated copies of all the evi-
dence be transmitted bytho Clerk of tho House to
the Secretary of War, to be used and disposed of in
such manner as he may deem the public interest re-
quires, and after such copies, the evidence as mado
be recommitted to the committee, with authority to
publish such as they may deem nceessary.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire, if the gentleman
will yield to me, to move as an amendment,
that all the evidence taken by the committee be
printed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No, sir,
I cannot yield for any such purpose. There are
seven or eight hundred pages of this testimony,
which spread over a great deal of unnecessary
matter. I think there are decided objections
to its publication. It would make at least two
hundred and fifty printed pages. I think it
altogether unnecessary to print it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say that I was, and still am, in favor of the
printing of this testimony, but there seemed
to be insuperable objections on the part of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. I am certainly
in favor of printing all the testimony.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
my motion covers all that is necessary. It is to
recommit the evidence to the committee and
authorize them to print any portion of it that
they may deem proper. That, I think, will
cover everything.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Allow me to
say a word. It occurs to me that it will avail
nothing to refer this matter back to the com-
mittee. The only question is whether the evi-
dence taken by the committee should be pub-
lished or not. Why should it be sent back to
the committee ? The only question is whether
the evidence taken before the committee shall
be published or not. The committee are just
as well prepared to decide upon it at once'as
they ever will be. I think myself that a very
small number of copies of the whole should be
published, and there is a very good reason for
it. The committee was detained for a long
time because all its members were not pres-
ent. The committee themselves want all the
evidence published in full. Every member of
the House wants it in full. It is all sworn tes-
timony, and I think it ought to be printed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I must
insist on the previous question.
Mr. LYNCH. I hope the previous ques-
tion will be voted down.
The question was put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question ; and there
were—ayes twenty-two, noes not counted.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. LYNCH. I now move to amend the
resolution so as to read as follows :
Resolved, That the said report of the Committee on
Banking- and Currency, together with tho testimony
taken by, the said committee, be printed, and that tho
said testimony bo transmitted by the said Clerk to tha
Secretary of War, to be used and disposed ot in such
manner as he may deem the public interest to require.
I renew the demand fortheprevionsqnestion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, beingupon Mr. Lyncii's
motion.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the House will not assent to that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The House is acting un-
der the previous question, and no debate is in
order unless by unanimous consent. Is there
objection to the gentleman from Massachusetts
being heard?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I must
object unless I can be heard in reply.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes fifty-five, noes not counted.
So Mr. Lynch's amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
mining and manufacturing company.
On motion of Mr. INGERSOLL, by unani-
mous consent, bill of the Senate No. 178, to
incorporate the Metropolitan Mining and Man-
ufacturing Company, was taken from the Speak-
er' s table, and was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee for tho District
of Columbia.
assault upon a member.
Mr. SPALD ING. I now call for the regular
order of business.
The House accordingly resumed the con-
sideration of the resolutions reported by Mr.
Spalding, from the select committee on breach
of privilege, in the matter of Hon. Lovell H.
Rousseau, of Kentucky, and Hon. Josiah B.
Grinnell, of Iowa; upon which the" gentleman
from New York [Mr. Raymond] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, the House
has seen fit to order an inquiry into all tho
circumstances connected with the assault by
the member from Kentucky [Mr. Rousseau]
upon the member fiom Iowa, [Mr. Grinnell,]
and to instruct the select committee to make a
report recommending such action thereon as
the committee might see fit. The committee
have examined the whole case ; they have sub-
mitted the testimony taken, and have recom-
mended certain action thereon. A majority
of the committee recommend, first, the ex-
pulsion of the gentleman from Kentucky for
the assault which he committed. They recom-
mend, secondly, a censure of tho member from
Iowa for the language which he used. And
third, theyreeommend the arraignment of cer-
tain parties, other parties—not members of the
House—who are held to have been in some
sense presumably privy to the assault.
Now, sir, I will first state, as clearly as I can,
the facts of the case, not for the purpose of
making a statement which shall carry with it
the force of an argumeut on either side, but
for the purpose of submitting to the House all
the facts essential to a just judgment of tho
whole case. As it is evidently proper, I will
begin with the debate. The debate commenced
on the 3d day of February last. The member
