1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2915
Mr. DOOLITTLB. The statement that I
made was that I had seen the First Assistant
Postmaster General, and that in conversation,
alluding to that subject, he had authorized me
to state that that rumor or statement which
was circulating in the newspapers is not true,
that it is false.
Mr. HOWE. The language substantially as
used by the Senator from Illinois yesterday,
I believe, was first introduced here by myself.
I stated here that I had been told that the First
Assistant Postmaster General had declared
that no man should eat the bread and butter
of the President unless he sustained his policy.
That is as near as I remember the language. I
made that statement upon the authority of a
member of the House of Representatives. I met
the First Assistant Postmaster General in the
evening after I had made that remark. He did
not call its correctness in question; but when I
returned to my boarding-house, 1 found a note
from him asking me upon what authority I
made that statement. I replied to him, saying
I made it upon the authority of the Represent-
ative of the fifth district of the State of Wis-
consin, sincc which I have heard nothing from
him or any one else questioning the accuracy
of that statement until this remark was made
here by my colleague.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I have stated what he
authorized me to state on that subject. Of
course I personally do not undertake to state
the fact one way or another.
But enough, sir, on that subject of person-
alities. I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to the question involved in the amend-
ment. I stated in the course of my remarks
yesterday that the Oiuh which Congress re-
quired all officers under the Government of the
United States to take, so long as that oath
remained unrepealed by law, effected all that
is effected by this amendment. It excludes
those who cannot take it from entering upon
any office under the Government of the United
States. Of course the oath does not refer to
State officers. As to State officers, this pro-
Eosed amendment goes further than that oath :
ut as to all Federal officers, the oath required
to be taken by them, that they have not engaged
in this rebellion against the Government of
the United States, is as effectual, so long as
that law stands unrepealed, as this amendment
would be.
The Senator from Illinois, in reply to this,
says that it is a new doctrine in me to main-
tain that members of Congress should obey
the laws.of the land and take the oaths which
are prescribed by law before they are entitled
to admission; that I have contended that each
House was to judge for itself of the qualifica-
tions. elections, and returns of its members;
and that in that judgment each House was
independent of the other. Mr. President, I
have contended that each House is the judge,
and the sole judge, the judge without appeal,
the judge over whom neither the President
nor the Supreme Court nor the other House
has any rightful control whatever. But does
the Senator from Illinois suppose that I ever
maintained that the House of Representatives
or the Senate, in making up its judgment,
should violate the laws of the land? Such an
idea never entered into my brain, I can assure
the Senator from Illinois. I supposed that
the Senate of the United States would judge
according to law. Has it come to this, that
because I insist that the Senate of the United
States shall judge upon the elections, qualifi-
cations, and returns of its members, I have
any idea that the Senate will undertake to vio-
late the laws of the land or repeal the laws of
the land? I never heard such an idea sug-
gested by any human being. I never thought
that it could enter into the mind of any human
being. I have confidence in the judgment of
the Senate, that the Senate will judge right,
that the Senate will judge as a tribunal author-
ized by the Constitution to judge, and to which
is given the sole judgment on that question. I
think, therefore, that the remark of the Sena-
tor from Illinois, that ho was glad that I was
now disposed to obey the laws, was a remark
which was not called for by anything I have
ever uttered on this floor or elsewhere. I am
just as much in favor of maintaining the laws
and the Constitution as the Senator from Illinois
possibly can be, and I have always maintained
the validity of this oath, under the Constitu-
tion, which was required. As to the Presi-
dent of the United States, his oath is specified
in the Constitution ; and as the Vice President,
in the event of the resignation or death of the
President, is to exercise the same office, the
only doubt I have ever had was whether the
Vice President ought not to take the same
oath as the President; whether we can pre-
scribe to the Vice President a different oath
from what the Constitution requires us to pre-
scribe to the President. That is the only
doubt I have ever had, and that is a question
upon which I have doubts, for the reason I
have stated, because the Vice President, in a
certain contingency, is to take the place of the
President, and to act in his stead. But, sir,
that is not a question arising here.
I maintained, further, that this proposed
amendment prescribes a new punishment for
an offense which has already been committed.
My honorable friend says that this is not pun-
ishment; that that idea must be peculiar to Wis-
consin ; that to pass a law or the sentence of a
court or the decree of any tribunal which shall
deprive a person of an office, or which shall
disqualify him forever to hold an office is not a
punishment. Sir, this idea is by no means pecu-
liar to Wisconsin. There is not a State in this
Union where, in some of the criminal statutes,
is not to be found, as a part of the penalty
attached to the crime which has been commit-
ted, a disqualification in certain cases to hold
an office; and in cases of impeachment before
this body, the highest tribunal known to the
laws of the land, when the judgment of this
body is pronounced, it is confined by the Con-
stitution to that very thing, removal from office
and disqualification from ever holding office,
after the judgment of the Senate sitting as a
court of impeachment. The Constitution says:
"Judgment in cases of impeachment shall not ex-
tend further than removal from otnee and a disqual-
ification to hold and enjoy any ofiicc of honor, trust,
of profit under the United States."
In the State of Illinois, in the State of Wis-
consin, and other States, there are criminal
statutes, in which, on the commission of cer-
tain offenses, a part of the punishment which
is imposed by express statute is made the dep-
rivation of this right to hold an office, disqual-
ification forever to hold an office. It is part
and parcel of the judgment in a criminal case.
It carries that effect with it. Many of the
States provide that when a person has been
convicted of an offense amounting to a felony
he shall not only be deprived of the right to
hold office, but the right to vote as a citizen ;
his citizenship is forfeited. Sir, this is a pen-
alty, a new penalty, an additional penalty im-
posed after the fact has transpired, after the
crime has been committed. Where a new pun-
ishment is provided by law for an offense which
has already been committed, unless the law
which provides for it expressly saves it, the old
penalty is gone. Such is the decision of all
criminal courts in all States and countries.
You cannot change the punishment of the of-
fense without wiping out the old penalty, and
here, sir, if you insert by way of a constitu-
tional amendment this ex post facto provision,
a bill of attainder, for it is nothing more nor
less, it wipes out the old penalty, and all the
penalties which attach will be the penalties
which attach under this provision, unless the
provision itself provides for saving the old
penalty.
But, Mr. President, there is another objec-
tion to this proposed amendment as it stands.
This amendment applies equally to those who
were forced into the rebel service as to those
who went in voluntarily. I call the attention
of Senators to the fact that the men who were
conscripted into the rebel service, men who
were carried into it at the point of the bayonet,
men who were hunted all over the States of
the South by the myrmidons of this rebellion
to compel them to enter the service, are just
as much subjected to penalties under this
amendment as those who went into it of their
own free will. Mr. President, has it come to
this, that in this high place and in this body,
we can make no distinction between the inno-
cent and the guilty; no distinction in favor of
those men who have been hunted like wild
beasts from valley to valley all over the States
of the South, and forced, conscripted, com-
pelled to go into the service against their will,
but that they are to stand upon precisely the
same ground with the men who were guilty of
this offense from the beginning? Sir, public
judgment revolts against the proposition, and
the conscience and the humanity of the Ameri-
can people will stamp this proposition as being
in violation of every principle of justice and
against the humanity of the age. It is beyond
belief that the Senate of the United States
proposes to treat these men who have been
hunted, conscripted, and forced at the point
of the bayonet to go into the rebellion, as if
they were equally guilty with the leaders of the
rebellion.
Mr. President, I speak of the injustice of
the proposition in this respect. What hope is
there that a proposition like that will receive
the sanction of the American people? None
whatever. It ought not to receive their sanc-
tion, for it is founded in injustice, that injus-
tice which annihilates the distinctions between
innocence and guilt, between the men who have
suffered, and suffered more than the men of
the North have suffered; who have been con-
scripted, forced into the rebellion, and com-
pelled at the point of the bayonet to do its bid-
ding,'and the men who went into it of their
own free will. Sir, it is perhaps predestined
that this resolution must pass in this form. It
has perhaps passed through one of those con-
sultations where results are arrived at that no
considerations can change. Nothing can mod-
ify it. It must be, like the decrees of fate,
accomplished. But, sir, it does seem to me
that this Senate ought to pause before they
abolish all distinction in the southern States
between those who were forced into the rebel
army and those who went in of their own free
will.
But. sir, there is another objection to this
amendment as it stands. It proposes to annul
in some cases the pardons and amnesties which
have already been granted under the laws of
Congress, and the proclamations of the Presi-
dent issued in pursuance thereof. Are we pre-
pared to do that? Can this Congress stand
before this country and the civilized world and
say, "We authorized the President of the
United States by proclamations to declare full
amnesty and pardon upon certain terms and
conditions ; that amnesty and pardon has been
extended; the oaths of allegiance have been
taken ; these men have in good faith accepted
the conditions of the pardon and amnesty;
and yet Congress proposes by a constitutional
amendment to .annul those pardons and wipe
out that amnesty ?:: On what kind of principle
can we stand before the civilized world and do
that? That I may make no mistake I desire
to read the section of the statute which author-
ized both President Lincoln and President
Johnson to grant pardon and amnesty to those
who had taken part in the rebellion. On the
17th of July, 1862, Congress enacted in these
words:
"That the President is hereby authorized, at any
time hereafter"—
No limitation as to time—
"by proclamation, to extend to persons who may
have participated in the existing rebellion in any
State or part thereof, pardon and amnesty, with such
exceptions and at such time and on such conditions
as he may deem expedient for the public welfare."
Now, Mr. President, independent of that
authority which the Constitution confers upon
the President -as the chief Executive to^issue
pardons to persons who are guilty of oftenjes
against the laws of the United States, here is
an express provision enacted by Congress,
