2916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 31,
authorizing the President, as lie should deem
expedient for the public welfare, to grant am-
nesty and pardon to those who had been engaged
in tliis rebellion. In pursuance of this statute,
Mr. Lincoln, President of the United States,
in December following the passage of this law
did issue a proclamation granting pardon and
amnesty to persons who had been engaged in
this rebellion, upon the terms and conditions
therein specified. I read from that proclama-
tion :
"Whereas in and by the Constitution of the United
States it is provided that the President4 shall have
power'to grant reprieves and pardons for offenses
against the United States, except m eases of impeach-
mentand whereas a rebellion now exists whereby
the loyal State governments of several States have
for a long time been subverted, and many persons
have committed, and are now guilty of, treason against
the United States; and whereas, with reference to
said rebellion and treason, laws have been enacted
by Congress, declaring forfeitures and confiscation
of property and liberation of slaves, all upon terms
and conditions therein stated, and also declaring that
the President was thereby authorized at any time
thereafter, by proclamation, toextend to persons who
may have participated in the existing rebellion, in
any State or part thereof, pardon and amnesty, with
such exceptions and at such times and on such con-
ditions as he may deem expedient for the public wel-
fare ; and whereas the congressional declaration for
limited and conditional pardon accords with well-es-
tablished judicial exposition of thepardoningpower;
and whereas, with reference to said rebellion, the
President of the United States has issued several
proclamations, with provisions in regard to the lib-
eration of slaves; and whereas it is now desired by
some persons heretofore engaged in said rebellion to
resume their allegiance to the United States, and to
reinaugurate loyal State governments within and for
their respective States: Therefore,
"I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United
States, do proclaim, declare, and make known to.all
persons who have, directly or by implication, partici-
pated in the existing rebellion, except as hereinafter
excepted, that a full pardon is hereby gran ted to them
and each of them, with restoration of all rights of
property, except as to slaves.''
The conditions were the taking of a certain
oath which is herein mentioned, and which it
is not necessary that I should read. Now, the
persons who were excepted front the benefits
of this pardon and amnesty granted by Presi-
dent Lincoln, were as follows:
" The persons excepted from the benefits of the fore-
going provi. i'i:]'' are all who are, or shall have been,
civil or diplomatic officers or agents of the so-called
confederate government; all who have left judicial
stations under the United States to aid the rebellion;
all who are, or shall have been, military or naval offi-
cers of said so-ealled confederate government above
the rank of colonel in the army or of lieutenant in the
navy; all who left seat* in the United States Congress
to aid the rebellion; all who resigned commissions in
the Army or Navy of the United States and after-
wards aided the rebellion; and all who have engaged
in any way in fronting colored persons, or white per-
sons in charge of such, otherwise than lawfully as
prisoners of war, and which persons may havo been
found in the United States service ay soldiers, sea-
men, or in any other capacity.''
All these classes of persons were excepted
from this pardon and amnesty; but the con-
stitutional amendment now proposed to be in-
serted includes very many of those persons
to whom pardon and amnesty were extended
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States by President Lincoln. Now, I ask, by
what right do yon undertake to annul that
amnesty and take away that pardon? Is it
upon the ground that might gives right, and
that if by any proceeding the Constitution of
the United States can be amended so as in
effect to work an ex post facto attainder of
men to whom pardon and amnesty have been
extended, you will do it?
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If it is right on this
point.
Mr. MORRILL. Arc we to understand the
Senator to maintain that amnesty and pardon
necessarily relieve from all civil disabilities,
and grant restoration of all civil rights?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think so, undoubtedly.
I think undoubtedly that where an offense is
committed by any person against the laws of
the United States, and the President, in pur-
suance of the Constitution and laws, grants
full pardon and amnesty to the offender, lie is
restored to his position as a citizen to all intents
and purposes.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
perhaps might state it in this way; one of the
acts we have passed during the rebellion pro-
vides that for the offenses stated in that act
a person may be indicted and tried and pun-
ished, and it provided, as a part of the punish-
ment, for his exclusion from the right to hold
office. Now, I submit to my friend from
Maine whether if one has been convicted under
that act, and has been adjudged to suffer that
punishment, and the President then should
pardon him the pardon would not remove the
disability consequent upon that judgment.
The question in relation to the general effect
of the pardoning power of the President has
been discussed in the Supreme Court, so far as
the exercise of that power concerns the obli-
gation to take the oath which we have pre-
scribed for permission to practice in the conrts
of the United States. The Senate will remem-
ber that the same oath which we take here
every lawyer is required to take before he can
practice in the courts of the United States.
The validity of that act, as far as. counsel is
concerned, was one of the questions which
were argued and reargued by direction of the
court at the last term; and as the two gentle-
men who applied to practice without taking
the oath had been pardoned by the President,
another question was argued, whether the effect
of the pardon was not to exempt them from
the obligation to take the oath, and upon that
question, I have reason to believe, the Su-
preme Court was divided. Certainly, from all
accounts, four of the judges thought that the
pardon did operate as an exemption, and one
doubted; and the question is now held under
advisement, to be settled the one way or the
other when the Supreme Court meets; but the
authorities cited—I have not themin my memory
exactly—went very far, as I thought, to prove
that the operation of the pardon was to clear
the party pardoned from the obligation to take
that oath; and that upon the ground that the
oath itself excluding a party from the privilege
of practicing in the courts of the United States
was in the nature of a penalty.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. GRIMES. Let me say one word.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. All this is in my speech.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senatorfrom Mary-
land, as he was giving us the state of tb,e
authorities on this question, would toll us
whether he knows of any authority which has
gone to the extent of declaring that either an
amnesty or a pardon can impose any limitation
upon the power of the people of the United
States through an amendment of their Con-
stitution to fix the qualifications of officers.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not the question
to which I spoke ; it is quite another inquiry.
I was speaking of the operation of a statute.
Mr. HOWE. But it is the question which
the Senator from Maine was suggesting.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Howe] has hit at the very suggestion
which I was about to make. It may be, and
probably is, that in the case put by the Sen-
ator from Maryland, where the disability to
hold future office was attached to the commis-
sion of a crime which had been proved against
the party, that would be regarded as a part of
the penalty; but the fallacy of the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] is, that he
assumes that this disability embodied in the third
section is as a penalty for an offense commit-
ted. It is intended as a prevention against the
future commission of offenses, the presump-
tion being fair and legitimate that the man who
has once violated his oath will be more liable
to violate his fealty to the Government in the
future.
Mr. MORRILL. Before the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin proceeds, I trust he will
allow me a moment as I seem to have been
misunderstood. I did not intend to interrupt
the line of his remarks; but I did intend to
bring to his mind the question whether he rec-
ognized what I regard as an obvious distinction
between the penalty which the State affixes to
a crime and that disability which the State im-
poses and has the right to impose against per-
sons whom it does not choose to intrust with
official station. That was the distinction, and
I wished to see if the honorable Senator rec-
ognized it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question of the
effect of the pardon upon men who have been
convicted of olfenses is pretty well understood
by all who are familiar with judicial proceed-
ings. We all know that if a man is convicted
of felony a full pardon restores him to his civil
rights. He maybe pardoned on condition that
he shall not be restored to his civil rights ; and
if the pardon expresses that condition it is
good. He may be pardoned out of the State
prison on the condition that he shall leave the
State. He may be pardoned out on the con-
dition that he shall not be restored to his civil
rights as a citizen, his right to vote and hold
office. But when an unlimited, unconditional
pardon is given it covers the whole ground.
The question in regard to lawyers is altogether
a different case from the case of a man who has
committed an offense, because to practice law
is the lawyer's business, his profession, he lives
by it, and to take it from" him is to deprive him
of a valuable thing. The other is a question
which goes to disability as to civil rights grow-
ing out of the commission of a crime.
I have said, Mr. President, that Mr. Lin-
coln's proclamation specified certain persons
that were excepted from the operation of the
amnesty which he granted. Mr. Johnson after
he became President, on the 29th of May, I860,
in pursuance of the statute which I have read,
and which gave him full authority to act in the
case and to specify the terms and conditions
upon which amnesty and pardon should be
given, issued a proclamation in which lie used
the following language:
"Whereas the President of th e United States, 011 the
8th day of December, A. D. 1863, and on the 26th day
of March, A. D. 1864, did, with the, objcct to suppress
the existing rebellion, to induce all persons to return
to .their loyalty, and to restore the authority of the
United States, issue proclamations ofiei ins amnesty
and pardon to certain persons who had directly or
by implication participated in the said rebellion;
and whereas many persons who had so engaged in
said rebellion havo, since the issuaneo of said proc-
lamations,, failed or neglected to take the benefits
offered thereby; and whereas many persons who
have been justly deprived of all claim to amnesty
and pardon thereunder, by reason of their partici-
pation directly or by implication in said rebellion,
and continued hostility to the Government of.tho
United States since the date of said proclamation,
now desire to apply for and obtain amnesty and
pardon:
" To the end, therefore, that the authority of the
Government of the United States may be restored,
and that peace, order, and freedom may be estab-
lished, I, Andrew Johnson, President of the United
States, do proclaim and declarc that I hereby grant
to all persons who have, directly or indircetlv, par-
ticipated in the existing rebellion, except as herein-
aftercxcepted, amnesty and pardon, with restoration
of all rights of property, excupt as to slaves, and ex-
cept in eases where legal proceedings, underthe laws
of the United States providing for the confiscation of
property of persons engaged in rebellion, have been
instituted; but upon the condition, nevertheless, that
every such person shall take and subscribe the fol-
lowing oath, (or affirmation,) and thenceforward keep
and maintain said oath inviolate; and which oath
shall be registered for permanent preservation, and
shall be of the tenor and effect following, to wit:
"' I, , do solemnly swear, (or affirm,) in
presence of Almighty God, that I will henceforth
faithfully support, protect, and defend the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the Union of the State
thereunder: and that I will in like manner abide by
and faithfully support all laws and proclamations
which have been made during the existing rebellion
with reference to the emancipation of slaves. So
help me God.'"
Mr. President, the question is sometimes
asked, where did Mr. Johnson, as President,
get the power to prescribe any such condition
as this? Here is the statute, in the twelfth
volume of the Statutes-at-Large, page in
which Congress in express terms declared that
he should have power to grant pardon and
amnesty "with sneh exceptions, and at such
time, and on such conditions as he may deem
expedient for the public welfare." He deemed
it expedient for the public welfare, in granting
this pardon and amnesty, to require of those
who accepted it that they should take that oath.
He had authority, under the statute, to pro-
scribe it as one of tho conditions of the amnesty
granted : and tho oath is, that henceforth they
will faithfully support and defend the Consti-
tution of the United States and the Union of
