996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 23,
thus sfltown. to 1)6 false is to stand. And kere
allow me to differ with my friends of the com-
mittee, to whom I am under so many obligations.
This return is allowed to stand, and they
have merely counted the surplus proven for
me. Now, "if the votes were placed in the box
for me, at least that number were taken out
in order that poll-lists and ballots should
agree. Therefore, instead of only adding to
my vote 33, the same number should bo de-
ducted from the sitting member's count; and
if, instead of throwing aside the return, you
simply count it, I submit, with due deference,
if 1 should not have added to my majority
double the amount of my tickets taken from
the box and replaced by others j but in my
humble judgment this whole return is tainted
with fraud. The board, with only^ a poll of
less than four hundred, adjourn at five o'clock
on election day until nine o'clock of the next;
the inspector takes the box out of town, refus-
ing to seal the kevhole, and at the dead hour
of night is visited by a resident of the county
scat, a violent partisan, the attorney in this
case for the sitting member ; no explanation
given, either by Mr. Scott or the inspector, as
to what his business was, I think sufficiently
connects Mr. Scott with this transaction as to
make his declaration a part of it, the admis-
sion of a particeps criminfct, the voluntary con-
fession of the criminal, and if Mr. Scott were
to-dav on trial would be good, not only against
himself but against the inspector, when con-
nected these individuals are by this testi-
mony. The bov, if robbed at all, was robbed
that nighl the inspector had the boxwiih him.
Mr. Scott visited thai inspector after ton o'clock
at night; they wore alone with the box. Now, I
(submit, with all due deference to the opinion
of tho committee, if the admission by Mr. Scott
thai he had there and then iixed the box is not
competent evidence to prove that fact, espe-
cially when left entirely unexplained. Mr. Scott,
as attorney for the sitting member, was present
at the taking of this testimony and not oven
cross-examined the witness. fl ho witness sa}s
this declaration was made in presence of lion.
Austin Puett, who was afterward ousted from
his seat in the Legislature of Indiana on the
identical fraud wo are now investigating.
Button! lemon are pleased to call this hearsay,
and that no lawyer would insist upon its recep-
tion. Who or what is on trial here to-day ? Not
thesittinsunembernormyself. Theresultofto-
day's trinl may be a change in our positions,
but we are not the criminals. The thing to be
investigated is the box, the person on trial, the
man who robbed the box. Now, the question to
deeide is, hns tin1 box been robbed, and have we
so connected the inspector and Seott with the
transaction as to allow the introduction of their
confession? 1 believe wo have, and that the ad-
mission *of Scott as to what was done during t he
time of his visit to this inspector is competent.
And if this House takes this view, and rejects
the return made by Scott and the inspector, this
case is placed beyond a doubt. Cloverdalo and
Hamilton, taking the law to be ns stated by the
learned geuileinan from Pennsylvania on my
left, and i am elected without, the aid of Uiley
or Jefferson, the silting member's majority in
Hamilton and (Moverdale being 571. If Mr.
Scottdid not make this admission, why did not.
the silting member bring lip Mr. Scott or Mr.
3>uetl (o contradict the witness? ITncontra-
dieted, it pro\es conclusively to my mind that
the box wa- stuffed, and points out unmistak-
ably who wiih so low and base as to do it.
But I now approach what T consider the most
dangerous of these fiauds, not from its magni-
tude, but for its skillfulness. No political friend
of mine was allowed on that board; no noise
and confusion were made in bringing about this
result; no unnecessary charges of abolition-
ism were made there; to all appearance every-
thing was fair, and yet the result is that one
third of my whole vote fails to be counted. The
return shows ine 24 votes, while the proof be-
yond a doubt gives 30. Hereafter Jeil'erson
will betaken as tho model. Secure the board,
do it quietly, and then make no blunders, the
game is in their own hands and no danger of a
contest, for there is no proof of the commission
of the crime. The breath has left the victim's
body, the black marks are around the neck,
but none saw the murderer or the hand that
did the deed.
But the sitting member says I received more
votes than Mr, Lincoln in the district, and there-
fore I could not have been robbed of any votes.
There might be some force in this argument if
he had said I had received more votes than Mr.
Lincoln in the precincts in controversy, but he
has not made that charge, and ho knows as well
as I do the reason. )5ut he states the case dif-
ferently from what I do. I do not claim to have
been more popular than Mr. Lincoln, but I do
claim that he was less popular than General
McClellan, and E will now endeavor to give you
my reasons for believing so. General McClellan
was for the Union at all hazards; the sitting
member believed that the war was a failure.
But that I may do no injustice, allow me to
quote first from a McClellan campaign docu-
ment, and then from the campaign speech of
the sitting member:
"Yes, my friends, if anybody is disposed to cavil
with you about your platform, toll him that General
McClellan has made his own platform. General Mc-
Clellan , I repeat, ha* made his own platform, which
ought to bo satisfactory to everybody. Tho Union,
tho Union at all hazards, is as distinctly the whole
import of George B* McClellan's letter, as the Union
m any event was tho farewell Address of George
Washington.
"'The Union, it must bo preserved/ is as clcarly
tho maxim of McClellan in 1864 as it was of Andrew
Jackson in 1832. 4 Let us go for the flag and nothing
but the tbuf. Lot us furnish all the men and all tho
money which arc required lor the aid of our gallant
defenders in the Held, andbear ihewellarc ofuursol-
diera aud sailors ever uppermost in our hoarts.'"
Such was the language of the McClellan plat-
form as circulated in the speech of Hon. it. C.
Winthrop and printed in the Democratic organ
of our State.
The sitting member had a record and a plat-
form of his own. Pardon me while I read from
a speech delivered in this House March 5, 1864,
and circulated by him as a campaign document;
"Sir, in my hours of seclusion aud study I have, to
tho best of my humble capacity, held up the lamp of
the past to tho face of tho future, and 1 call God to
witness i hat i should ho recreant and faithless to my
own conscience if J did not pioelaim, as far as my
voico will reach, that a dimmer is this hour upun tho
American people more deadly than tho juices of tho
hemlock or the bite of the asp. This Government is
dying; dying, sir,dying. We arc* standing1 around its
bed of death, and will soon be wretched mourners at
its tomb unless the sovereign and heroic remedy is
speiMlily applied/' *******
"yecuro I he ble^higs ofliherty—0, bitter mockery;
justice has heen dethroned and tho blessings of lib-
erty annihilated. There is not one square mile of free
soil in the American Republic. It is slave territory
from Aroostook to th© Columbia.'' * * * *
"And all under the sanction of tho principle? and
practices daily oxcmpMcd^ by the Administration
which now hurlss us on to ruin.
"The records of tho last session of tho Thirty-
Sixth Congress are immort al. The baleful broods of
political dcairuetiomsts who now unhappily possess
tho high seats of national authority, did not then
want public, tranquillity. They invoked the storm,
they courted the whnlwind.thcy danced with a hell-
ish glco around the bubbling caldron of civil war,
and welcomed with ferocious joy everv hurtful mis-
chief which flickered in its lurid and internal ilames."
Alluding to our then living but now martyred
President, he said:
"(Jencrhis TChan and Tamerlane,preserved by the
pen of tho historian for universal execration, found
no pursuit so pleasant av calling for more men, more
men. more men, for the harvest of death, and like
oui pic-ent lOxcoutivcsnutrmgwith j en* and ribaldry
the warm taint of blood on every gale."
In coutiast with this notice the following;
" Will some poor, crawling, despised sycophant and
tool of executive despotism dare to say that 1 >hall
not pionounce the name of Vallandigham? The
scandal and sUgmaot Ins condemnation and banish-
ment have filled the civilized woi Id. Some members
on the otherside of thisChambcrhave attacked with
fierce clamor the great American statesman and the
C'hiistian gentleman who Millers Ins ciilc in the
cause of liberty on a foreign soil."
And thus he alludes to the vice president of
the southern confederacy, the second in com-
mand of the rebellious hordes : -
"Why came that waited figure, that gifted child of
genius, the pure and elevated Stephens, of Georgia?"
Bui waxing more eloquent, he summons his
most vivid powers of imagination. Hear him:
"I take leave of the question of the general wel-
fare. The bitter hour of a people's bloody sweat and
agonizing tears will soon be heard. The mournful
shadows of its funeral pall are already penetrating
tho once bright and abundant homes of virtuous labor.
The spirit of oppression is omnipotent in our land,
and like death and famine none will escape the pangs
which it inflicts. Let each eye which now beholds
tbe sun take its last look at scenes of plenty and
prosperity. Our fall from abounding weal th and un-
limited resources to pinched and shrunken and cower-
ing bankruptcy is as certain and as iatal under our
present policy as the fall of Lucifer, tho morning star,
from heaven; and the exclamation of the laborer as
he toils in a hopeless bondage to the public dobtinay
well be as despairing astheanguish of the lost angclr
"' Farewell, happy fields
"Whoro joy forever dwells. Hail 1 horrors: h%il!
Infernal world; and thou, profoundest hell,
Receive thy new possessor.'"
And yet with sucli a platform he thinks I
am very presumptuous when I hint that prob-
ably he was not quite as popular as General
McClellan on a war platform of his own.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
point of order. Has this anything whatever to
do with the question ?
Mr. VdOKHEES. I hope the gentleman
from New Jersey will withdraw his objections.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofTndiana, (contestant.)
One of the strong arguments made in the com-
mittee-room was that the gentleman was the
McClellan candidate. Now, I want to show
that the gentleman was upon the peace plat-
form and not upon the McClellan war platform,
and that I got more McClellan votes than he
did. [Laughter.]
But another thing tended to make this result
more certain. A conspiracy to overthrow our
State government was discovered; large quan-
tities of arms and ammunition were found and
seized, and our people became suddenly alive
to the fact that civil war was in their _ midst.
The war that they had gazed upon at a distance
was now about to be brought to their own homes
and firesides. Indiana was about to become
the battle-field. When thus excited the fol-
lowing letters of the sitting member were dis-
covered :
Lo\*o Branch, Auousl 22.1863.
My Dear Sir : I inclose you two letters from a
man by tho name of Carr, in rcfcronce to arms. A
letter directed to liixn simply Philadelphia will reach
him. X can voueh for tho excellent quality and exeat
efficiency of the rifles.
Yours m haste, JAMES W. WALL.
Envelope indorsed:
[Free.]
James W. Wall, U. S. S.
Hon. Daniel Voorheks,
Terre llauto, Indiana.
Post mark:
Long Branch, N. J., August 22.
[E. W. Carr to Hon. James W. Wall.]
Philadelphia, Aupmt 14,1863.
Dear Sir: Your letter, with one inclosed about
rifles, has been received. If the parlies wish to buy
thera the best way would be for tliem to have soma
one in New York appointed t ■■ purchase them and
confer with you and me.
I am satisiied that it is the Tory article they want,
and as you know all about them you can "spoak by
tho card." You have seen the article tried, and no
doubt are well satisfied that it will speak loudly in a
good cause.
We will sell thom in bond forfourteen dollars: and
I have no doubt that, if the proper courso is pursuod,
tho duty can be remitted. The rifles are better and
cheaper than anything ever olferedm this country or
made hero, and as good as any over imported. Wo
challenge acomparison with any rifle execution what-
ever.
There are about twenty thousand rifles, and we de-
sire to sell theni all at once. They are a great bargaiH,
and are wmtli to-day more in Europe than we offer
to s'■ 11 them for here.
Tiic price of fire-arms will advance within a year
at least thirty-three per cent., as arms are in demand
all over Europe. A> you know, there id no more
effective arm in the world than this.
I am, with great respect, yours truly,
E. W. CAItR.
Hon. James W. Wall.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question. I suppose these arms
were procured for the troops in Indiana en-
gaged in the war?
Sir. WASHBURN, of Indiana, (contestant.)
I really cannot tell.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Sir. WASHBURN, of Indiana, (contestant.)
Certainly.
Mr, VOORHEES. I have once answered
