1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this whole question. I answered it to General
Carrington in Indiana, and I answered it before
the people. Whoever states that I have ever
engaged in furnishing arms to anybody for any
purpose, whether lawful or unlawful; whoever
states^that I ever belonged to a secret political
organization of any kind or description, states
what I know to he false, and what nobody
knows to be true. This is one of those poor,
old, puerile, stale, downtrodden calumnies that
has been stinking in the sewer where low lies
lie, rotting for a year or more beneath the con-
tempt of anybody in the world except the gen-
tleman who brings it up on this floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, (contestant.)
I did not introduce this as indorsing it, but I
am showing what the motives were that induced
the people to act as they did. I introduced it
to show that it had its effect in exciting the
people. And I would now ask him the question,
why did Senator Wall in New Jersey think that
the gentleman in Indiana would be a good pur-
chaser for twenty thousand stand of arms?
Mr. YOO RHEKS. There is a very ready
answer to all this, but it is a matter that must
excite the contempt so thoroughly of the House
that I am not going to discuss it. If that has
a bearing upon the question whether I am the
legal Representative of the seventh district, of
Indiana or not, it may come within the scope
of vision of other gentlemen; it does not in
mine.
I am not here to enter into the question of
my political record. I care not whether it be
acceptable to the majority of the House or not,
except in so far as 1 would like to agree with
men everywhere. My right to a seat here is
clear, independent of any political opinions or
views. This arm should wither in its socket
before I would abate one jot or tittle of my
opinions or stoop to explain anything of my
folitieal opinions to maintain my seat here.
have a right to it here by the law and the
evidence.
Mr. DAWES. The sitting member and the
contestant have had their say in reference to
this matter. The sitting member has made his
reply, and therefore I shall be obliged to con-
fine them both to the issue before the House.
After what was said by the contestant, I would
not have done it unless the sitting member had
made his reply; but both having been heard
I must object to any further discussion on this
point.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana, (contestant.)
I thank the gentleman ; and now I will proceed
to give my reason for introducing il. My reason
is the statement he himself made in regard to
me, as follows:
"In conclusion.Ieli.nrcrethatyourcceivedloT votes
in this congressional district more than Jlr. Lincoln
did, sbowiosr that, m?tead of being defrauded mil
of your vote.-:, joii iccoived more th;iu your purty
strength, r,:kms Mi. Lincoln ay the standard, whom
you will doubtless admit received the entire purport
of all loyal men. You will hardly claim th.\t you were
in higher popular favcv than M>\ Lineohi. Such }>re-
ten?ion would not ccrtainly be consistent with a proper
support of the Administration."
I have thus endeavored to give the reasons
why the sitting member was not as popular as
General McCiellan.
Thanking the House for their courtesy toward
me, I am done.
Mr. VOORHEES. I would be glad to know
Who else besides the chairman of the committee
desires or expects to speak. 1 make this prop-
osition tu the chairman of the committee, or at
least 1 will put a question to him. I agree with
him in not wishing to exchange any words here :
this is not the proper theater for it. whatever
may be our feelings. I want to know whether
am body is expected to address the House in
behalf of the majority report except the chair-
man of the committee, and whetherlcan goon
with that understanding.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know who desires
to speak on this case. I am not informed that
anybody desires to speak. The gentleman will
take such course as he sees fit. If I knew of
anybody who desired to speak. 1 would com-
municate it to the gentleman. There may be
those who desire to speak, or there may not.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, I never
before arose to address this House with the
same feeling of personal indifference in regard
to its action on the subject under discussion as
I entertain at this time. If my title as a mem-
ber of this body is not clear and above suspi-
cion, the charms of public life would not tempt
me to linger here a moment. My heart is not
wedded to this Hall, and to retire from it is
only to go to pleasanter scenes and more con-
genial duties. And if, on the other hand, by
every rule of law and justice I am a legal Rep-
resentative of the people, and still the majority
here think proper to deprive me of my seat and
my constituents of representation, even then I
will retire with cheerful unconcern, well know-
ing how fully the future compensates for such
injustice.
Sir, I am aware of the power of committees
in this House. Indeed, 1 am ready to admit
that it is highly proper, as a general rule, for
a deliberative body to indorse the action of its
committees. But ft, is equally true that there
are cases in which they are not entitled to this
respcet. I will suppose one. I will suppose
that the seat of a member of this House is con-
tested in the usual way; that the case is reached
and taken up by the Committee of Elections;
that, full and elaborate argument is heard by
both parties to the contest, extending through
three days; that all the evidence is in, and so
far as the contestant and the sitting member
are concerned, the case is closed and submit-
ted to the committee. I will suppose that the
sitting member is politically very obnoxious to
seven out of the nine members of the commit-
tee, and has no charitable constructions to ex-
pect at their hands; that he informed them in
the argument of the ease that all he cxpected
or asked was simply what the law and the facts
would compel them to give: that bare, naked
justice, after all doubtful points had been ruled
against him, was all he sought to confirm his
title to his seat. I will suppose that after the
close of the argument, the committee, of its own
motion and against the wishes of both parties,
took the whole matter under advisement dur-
ing nearly the space of a week, at the end of
which time its members announced themselves
readyto vote. I will suppose thatthereupon the
roll of tile committee was called for the ayes and
noes, and that, every member of the committee,
with but one exception, answered that the sit-
ting member wa« entitled to his seat; that the
one dissenting vote was given by the chairman :
that then, for some reason of which we are all
profoundly ignorant, this action of the commit-
tee in favor of the sitting member was with-
held from this House, and that after the lapse
of nearly another week, during which time no
more evidence was taken, no more argument
heard, and no further notice given, at least to
the sitting member, a different conclusion was
reached, and the contestant declared to be
elected by the very same men who a few days
before had solemnly declared that he was not'
I need not stop to characterise such a proceed-
ing with epithets. It will find its proper esti-
mation in the minds of all honest men here and
elsewhere. Nor need I pause to inqn ire into the
motives which governed such conduct. There
is no eye so blind as not to discern them, and
no heart so calloused by partisan prejudice not
to be pained at ihpir exhibition. Yet such has
been the action of the committee on the case
now under consideration. They ask your in-
dorsement and approval. Rather should they
seek your charity and the forbearance of a just-
minded public. I can conceive no honorable i!
explanation within their reach. Were they so jj
liberal as to give me the seat upon the first ;|
vote without full consideration when thev had ||
taken a week for that very purpose? Did they ||
negligently conclude that I was duly elected? j;
Did they take so little notice of the matter that ;j
they never found out ihey were wrong until the [;
chairman made the discovery for them? Was i!
there an overwhelming case against, me which |;
calls for inv expulsion and yet no one but the ij
chairman could find it after lengthy debate and l)
consideration? And then was it so easily found li
a few days after without any farther evidence
or discussion? Sir, I know not whether these
are the days of magic, but certainly such pro-
ceedings have very much the air of witchcraft,
and the chairman appears in the character of
an irresistible sorcerer. I might, I think, with-
out impropriety ask that this case be again
referred to that committee to ascertain whether
the same result can be reached twice. Let us
at least play a rubber and see who will get the
two best in three games of chance. We are
only even now, and it is hardly fair to the
House to ask it toplay the odd game, and thus
decide the case without any aid from the com-
mittee.
Mr. DAWES. Would my friend like to have
an answer to that in his speech or would he
prefer to have it afterward?
Mr. VOORHEES. I am readyto take your
answer now.
Mr. DAWES. _ I say to the gentleman that
somebody has misled him wonderfully. He is
not a member of the Committee of Elections
himself,^ of course, and therefore he cannot
speak of his own knowledge. Whoever filled
his head with this idea, if they ufldertook to
tell what transpired in the committee, they of
course committed a breach of the rules of the
House,_ and that ought to have raised a sus-
picion in his mind whether the statements were
true or not.
Now, the gentleman froifc Indiana does the
rest of the committee as much injustice as lie
does me when he imputes to me the slightest
ability to influence their votes in any respect.
I think the evidence the House had in the very
last case that was heard here should have taught
the gentleman that there must be some mistake
in this story.
Mr. VOORHEES. Allow me to ask you a
question.
Mr. DAWES. After I get through.
Mr. VOORHEES. Very well.
Mr. DAWES. I will state to the gentleman
what I can state without violating the rules,
because it is not a matter of action before the
committee, that before the vote was taken in
this case, never a word passed between me and
any member of the committee touching the
case, nor did I know what were the views of a
single member of the committee .but my own
and those of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Radfokd,] who had to leave town: and
left his vote with me.
I state fmther, that when the case was decided
before the committee I did not happen to be
present at, all, and I do not know to-day any-
thing about what transpired in the committee
when it was decided. Now I am readyto hear
the question of the gentleman.
Mr. VOORHEES. Thogentlemanhas taken
some time to assure the House that ho was not
so powerful in the magic arts of persuasion as
I have given him the credit of being. Now let
him answer a direct question. Did not this
committee, with the exception of the gentle-
man himself, once vote, February 1, upon the
roll-call of its members by yeas and nays, that
[was entitled to the scat I now claim, and this,
too. after full discussion and lengthy advise-
ment? I demand an answer, and dare him to
make it.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman suppose
that, I am going t o violate the rules o f this House
and state what transpired in the committee-
room. [Laughter on Democratic side.]
Mr. 1NGEKSOLL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to move that the rules of the House be
suspended so as to allow the chairman of the
Committee of Eleetions to answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. \ OOlt-
iirms.]
Mr. DAWES. Each member of the com-
mittee can answer for himself. I will state all
that transpired between me and any member
of the committee. In justice to other members
of the committee, I will state that at no time,
from the commencement of the hearing of this
case until this very hour, has a word passed
between me and the committee upon this sub-
ject, with this exception: the gentleman from
