1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19.57
junction with the main line at tlie one hun-
dredth meiidian. If they have not been doing
80, I have been misinformed.
Mr. HOWARD. I have not the means of
assuring the honorable Senator from California
whether private companies have been engaged
m that enterprise, but I think it is highly proba-
ble they have been.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would ask him, then,
whether the location of a road by excellent
engineers is not the first term in the building
of a road in a new country, and whether it is
not one of the most, expensive things.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand that
the location of a road, by merely making sur-
veys. constitutes any part of the building of
the road.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask whether the loca-
tion of a road in a new country is not of as
much importance to the construction of the
road as its grade or the putting on the track,
when completed, of engines ; whether it is not
more important that the engineers should first
locate a route.
Mr. HOWARD. I hardly think the Senator
from California will insist on an elaborate an-
swer to that question. The honorable Senator
from Iowa states to the Senate that a route up
the valley of the Niobrara river is impracticable
and impossible on account of the want of tim-
ber and the general difficulty of the route. It
is very true, as I have been informed, that a
company has been formed in Dakota Territory
that has in view a competition for the construc-
tion of this branch. Whether that company
will proceed, in case it becomes designated
under the act of 1804, to construct a road up
the valley of the Niobrara, is inore than I am
able to say. I am not here as the advocate of
the Niobrara route, but I must say that in my
judgment the Senator from Iowa has been
greatly misinformed as to the character of that
route. If that route were adopted, the branch
would commence at Sioux City,, running uit the
valley of the Niobrara for a distance of about
two hundred and sixty miles, and would then
pass off toward the southwest and terminate
probably at Fort Laramie, there forming a
junction with the Union Pacific railroad proper.
As to the character of this route I beg leave en
"passant to say that so far as I have been able
to acquire int'oimation on the subject, I am
compelled to differ very widely from the opin-
ion formed of it by the Senator from Iowa. I
have read with a good deal of care a report,
made by a Mr. Sawyer in 1S6-5 of his explora-
tions for a wagon road up that valley, and from
the head waters of the Niobrara to Virginia
City, in Montana Territory. This exploration
was made in the summer of 180-3. Of Course
it will not be possible for me to read more than
very short extracts from it. He s' arted to make
his explorations from Sioux City; he proceeded
up the valley of the Niobrara a distance of two
hundred and sixty-five miles, and then passed
Off further to the northwest on his way to Vir-
ginia City, which was the terminus of his explo-
ration, for the purpose of establishing the route
of that wagon road. He says in his report:
11 Accompanying the expedition were five emigrant
too i.'L- ami a pi lvate freight train of thirty-six wagons,
coupled together so as to be drawn by eighteen teams
of six yoke of oxen each, and hea\iiy loaded, some
teams being loaded with sixty-tour hundred pounds;
and here permit mo to say that the entire practica-
bility of the route traveled over may bescon when t
state that not one of these wagon* were uncoupled
during the journey for the passage of any obstacle in
the road."
On reading the report you will be struck, sir,
with this fact, that the valley of the Niobrara
river, so far as he explored and examined it,
is found to be well provided with timber, with
water, and with grass. In a letter which Mr.
Sawyer wrote only ashorttime since, remarking
upon the character of that valley, he says:
"I should think from my observations and from
those of my surveyors that a railroad might be con-
structed up the Xtohiaiu. to Laramie at a reasonable
i- 11 - - per mile : there is no range of mountains to cross,
and the excavation and embankment would be about
the same as upon roads in Iowa and Illinois."
I have no doubt that upon a more complete
and thorough exploration of the country through
the valley of the Niobrara it will be found that
a railroad is entirely practicable upon that
route. There has been, however, no very thor-
ough exploration of the route from the head
waters of the Niobrara river over to Fort Lar-
amie. Still the committee were informed by a
very intelligent gentleman who had repeatedly
traveled over that part of the route between
Laramie and the head waters of the Niobrara,
that in his opinion a railroad was entirely prac-
ticable between these two points.
I beg to add, for the information of the Sen-
ate, that the Territorial Legislature of Dakota,
in January, 1805, in a memorial which they
addressed to Congress upon the subject, remon-
strated very strongly against the construction
of the road upon the ox-bow line which lias
been adopted in the map of the Sioux City
Railroad Company. They use this language:
" W'■ are also informed that there is some talk of
a route down tho valley of the Missouri river, to
unite with tlie Central or Iowa branch of the Pacific
railroad at or near the mouth of the Elkiiom, a trib-
utaiy of the Platte river."
That is the route now under discussion.
II Such a route would run about south from Sioux
City for nearly one hundred and fifty miles. This
would necessitate all the above roads [relerring to
the roads conungfrom Minnesota and Wisconsin and
Illinois! to rua at least two hundred miles out of
the most direct route by the way of the Niobrara val-
ley. That is to say, when the roads are completed it
would necessitate the business on thescfoui roads to
travel at least two hundied imies further to reach
the passes in the Rocky mountains ttufii would he
necessary should that Sioux City branch run up the
Niobnua valley oi by the way dir<-et from Chicago.
It needs no argument to piove that such a route
would not bo of any practical value or importance
whatever to those roads. The only une that would
in the slightest, degree he benefited by such a diver-
sion ot that branch would be the aforesaid road via
i)ubuque, known as the Dubuque and [Sioux City
railroad, liutwe do most eai nestly protest against
a policy whieli would favor that or any other of these
loads at the expense of all the others, as that sup-
posed south route assuredly would."
The Legislature of Minnesota during the
same winter also remonstrated against the
adoption of this ox-bow route. They observe,
in their preamble and resolutions:
"Whereas by several acts of Congress liberal grants
of public lands have been made for the construction
of a railroad from the head of Lake Superior south-
westerly via. fit. Paul to a point on the western
boundary of Iowa, at or near the parallel ot forty-
two and a half degrees of uorlh latitude, intersecting
in its pass.age a railroad running westwardly from
Winona, and another running up the valley of the
Root rivt*r, in Minnesota, and one from McGregor, in
Iowa, and connecting with tho North or Sioux City
branch of the Pacific railroad at tho above point;
that southwestern road operating as a main trunk to
all the others:- and whereas tho best interests ot all
of those roads, as welj as of the country through which
they inn. and tlie whole region ot country westward 1 v
theicof,requne and demand that that branch should
run westwaidly on the nearest, most direct, and most
practicable route to unite  vith the main trunk in the
neighboihood ol FortLara,..ie: and whereas a diver-
sion ol that branch fiom that route to the Platte val-
ley route, thereby increasing very materially the dis-
tance, will be destructive of the best interests of those
roads and the country through which they run, as
also a palpable violation ol the spirit and evident
iutention of the law ereating that branch : There lore,
" Jletolved. That our Senators and Representatives
in Congress be requi stcd to use their best efforts and
intluenee to secure the location of said branch west-
wardly. as near as may be, along the parallel of forty-
two and a half degrees of north latitude to a point of
junction with the mam trunk, and so a* in the ino.-1
effectual manner to promote the best interests of all
those roads and ot tho country through which they
pass.
" Resolved, That they protest against and use their
influence to prevent that bran<*h fiom being diverted
down the valley of tho Missouri river to unite with
the Platte valley route."
I have, I believe, presented to the Senate all
the materia! facts connected with this bill. The
committee had it under consideration at sev-
eral meetings: they listened to the statements
of many very intelligent gentlemen connected
with these various routes ; they examined the
law as carefully as they were able, and they
came to the conclusion that the best course to
be adopted was to set aside the order of the
President of December 24, 1804, and thus to
leave the whole subject open to fair and hon-
orable competition between the railroad com-
panies that might see fit to compete for the
privilege of constructing this branch.
The Senator from Iowa proposes to amend
the bill; and if I understand the drift and pur-
pose of his amendment, it simply proposes to set
aside the map which has already been filed by
the Sioux City company, to treat it as a nullity,
and to authorize this company hereafter to con-
struct thisbranch wherever they may see fit to
construct it, by the approbation of the Presi-
dent, thus leaving in their hands the exclusive
privilege of constructing the branch, and ex-
cluding all other companies from competition
with it for that privilege.
Sir, I object to this. It is no remedy for the
evils which at present exist. The statute^ of
1864, in and of itself at the present time, con-
tains full authority to the President of the Uni-
ted States to designate this company or any
other company that he may selcct for the pur-
pose of building this branch. The Senator
from Iowa tenaciously clings to the privilege
which he seems to think has already been ac-
quired by this company.. 1 wish to disengage
its grasp upon this privilege. Without intend-
ing to cast any reflection whatever on the char-
acter of the gentlemen connected with the
company, I must repeat that I cannot but regard
the route adopted by them, running, as it does,
a circuitous route to the southeast, then to the
south, then to the southwest, through a large
portion of the State of Iowa, and terminating
upon the Omaha branch at Fremont, thus ad-
vancing to the west only five miles at the
utmost from the point of beginning, as a very
plain departure, as an evasion ot* tjje plain
intent ami meaning of the statute of 1804 ; and
for one 1 cannot consent that a company who
has resorted to such a course shall continue to
grasp the privilege it seeks to enjoy. I think
we ought to unclasp that grip if it be possible.
Mr. CQNNESS. I will not detain the Sen-
ate long in what I shall have to say on this sub-
ject, and will endeavor to make myself as well
understood as possible. The subject-matter of
'this bill and tho question to which it relates
received more continuous consideration from
the Pac-ilic Railroad Committee of this body
than perhaps any other single question that 1ms
ever been referred to that committee. Parties
interested on both sides of the question were
heard at many successive meetings. Tliey were
heard chiefly on the question of routes—the
relative advantage of one route as against the
others. This company that the President of
the United States has designated, as lias been
stated by the Senator from Iowa, has been
organized and issued stock and taken steps of
that kind, a disturbance to which would lead
to a great deal of injury to private parties. 1
wish to disabuse the mind of the Senate upon
that point. This company is an organization
of other railroad companies running through
the State of Iowa, and perhaps Wisconsin and
contiguous Stales. They organized together to
construct this branch for the purpose of giving
a western connection to all their roads with the
Union Pacific Railroad Company. The act of
1804 has been read from. The seventeenth
section of that act gives authority to the Pres-
ident, to make the designation of a company for
building this branch, and such authority is to
be found nowhere else. I will read from it a
very few lines; it provides that—
" Whenever a line of railroad shall be completed
through the State of Iowa, or Minnesota to Sioux
Cib, such company, now organized or as may here-
after be organized under tlie laws of Iowa, Minne-
sota. Dakota, or Nebraska, as the President of the
United States, by it« request, may designate or ap-
provefor that purpose, shall construct and operate"-—
this branch of the Pacific railroad. This act
was passed in 1804. nearly two years since, but
the connection predicated in this section has
never yet been made. No line of railroad lias
[ yet readied Sioux City. I ask the Senator
from Iowa whether I am correct in stating that
no line of railroad has yet reached Sioux City
from the east.
Mr. GRIMES. None, sir.
Mr. CONNIiSS. Very well.- The Senator
calls my attention to another provision in this
section which I desire to read, for^ I wish it
distinctly understood that I have no interest in
this case: I sat in the committee as a juror and
heard all that was said. The second proviso
