2918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
is the danger which is impending over us now,
that we are endeavoring to put into this con-
stitutional amendment that which, instead of
tending to peace, tends to obstruction, tends
not to restore but to keep separated.
I had no intention of detaining the Senate
at so much length; but I wish to move an
amendment to this proposition. After the
words "shall have" and before the words
"engaged in insurrection or rebellion," in
line thirty-seven, I move to insert the word
"voluntarily." I shall also propose in the
same section, after the word "thereof" and
before the word " but," in line thirty-nine, to
insert " excepting those who have duly re-
ceived pardon and amnesty under the Consti-
tution and laws, and will take such oath as
shall be required bylaw." My first amend-
ment is to insert the word "voluntarily," and
on that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 13AVIS. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to debate at this time the subject of the
proposed amendment to the Constitution of
the United States ; but I will make a single
remark in support of the view taken by the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin in relation
to his proposition to exempt from the effect of
the amendment now pending all the persons
who were forced involuntarily into the confed-
erate service. I am somewhat surprised that
a proposition so just, so humane, and so pol-
itic as that should not receive the unanimous
sanction of the Senate. We all know that
coercion and a power of compulsion to do a
criminal act, which cannot be resisted by the
party who is guilty of the act, exempts from
culpability and punishment. If that be a true
principle in relation to crimes that strike at
the peace and welfare of socicty, and which
crimes are supposed, and in fact do gener-
ally, import a high degree of moral turpitude,
how much more forcibly ought such a princi-
ple to be applicable to this proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution. We know, as a
matter of public history, that in some of the
confederate States there was a universal con-
scription of every man wfyo could carry a gun.
In one of those States, at least, it swept through
all classes, from boys of sixteen to men of
sixty years of age. These men were not al-
lowed to choose whether or not they would
enter into the camp and into the army of the
rebellion. The whole country was hunted
over to find every man who was capable of
bearing arms, and, without regard to his own
judgment or his own disposition to enter into
the rebellion or to keep out of it, he was forced
by a resistless power to become a conscript in
the rebel army. There were feeble old men
and immature boys who were in great numbers
thus forced into the army of the confederate
States. Is there anything of justice, much
less of policy and statesmanship, that requires
that all those soldiers of the rebel army should
be inexorably punished ? Notwithstanding the
position assumed by the Senator from Illinois,
that a disqualification for office is no punish-
ment, I maintain that it is a punishment, and
a grievous punishment, and such as a great
and generous nation, or the representatives of
a great and magnanimous people ought not to
impose upon such a number of persons. I
suppose that if the honorable Senator from
Illinois himself was to come in a class, in the
form-of an amendment to the Constitution,
that would exclude him during his life-time
from office, he would regard it as some pun-
ishment. It is punishment, and punishment
of the most grievous and dishonoring character,
for a man to be excluded from taking part in
the Government of his country by filling such
an office as those authorized to fill them might
call him to the.discharge of the duties of.
But, Mr. President, there is another idea
connected with this subject that has been
forced on my mind. We know from the pub-
lic prints and the history of the rebellion
that late in the war about one third of the
armies of the rebels deserted and abandoned
their camps and their banner. That was an
enormous desertion, and it could only have
resulted from the fact that the greater propor-
tion of them were forced into the service and
were required to fight for a cause against which
they were opposed in principle and sentiment
and if left to their own free will would never
have entered. This prescriptive amendment
is to operate inexorably upon those who willed
to go into the confederate service as well as those
who were involuntarily, and by a force which
was resistless by them, compelled to go into it.
It embraces and proscribes during their life-
time those who were involuntarily forced into
the service and who abandoned it and deserted
it on the first opportunity, as well as those who
went into it with a free and deliberate will,
and continued in it to the end. In the lan-
guage of the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin, what will a civilized world think of the
justice and humanity, much less of the policy,
of such a proscription as this ? If the object
of its friends was to prevent perpetual reunion
and a return by the rebel States to loyalty and
to true fealty to this Government, it seems to
me this would be one of the most effective
measures that they could devise to produce
such a state of things.
I rose, Mr. President, not to enter into this
debate, which I expect to do at a later period
of it, but simply to urge this single consider-
ation in support of the humane and just and
statesmanlike proposition that the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin has offered as an
amendment to this section of the proposed
amendment to the Constitution.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, it is a matter
of indifference to me whether the amendment
proposed by the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin be adopted or not. My impression is
that if it should be incorporated into the pro-
posed constitutional amendment it will emas-
culate it pretty effectually, and that the prac-
tical result will be that you will find in the
end very few individuals who ever entered into
the rebellion voluntarily. A few of the more
prominent, of course, could not escape ; but it
would be almost impossible to prove in the
southern States, where there would be a gen-
eral disposition to evade the fact, that any per-
son who has not been very prominently engaged
in the rebellion had ever entered into it volun-
tarily. Indeed, if I understand the argument
or affidavit of Mr. Stephens, made before the
committee of fifteen, I take it that his plea is
that he never entered into the rebellion volun-
tarily.
But, sir, I did not rise so much to say any-
thing upon the amendment offereeffljy the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin as to reply to the argu-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky, which is
bat- a reiteration of the argument of the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] the other
day, and of the repeated arguments of the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,]
that this amendment is vindictive in its char-
acter: that it is ex post facto in its nature ;
that it is designed as a punishment for the
crime of treason. I utterly deny that such is
the philosophy of the amendment, or that such
can be said properly to be the intention of the
amendment. It may, in its results, operate as
a punishment, as an odium, as a disgrace upon
the parties to whom it shall apply; but, sir,
what is the purpose of this amendment? I
will state what I understand to be its purpose.
It. is not to punish the men who engaged in
the rebellion for the crime which they have
committed; the law in that respect is ample
now; but, not being penal in its character, it
is precautionary. It looks not to the past, but
it has reference, as I understand it, wholly to
the future. It is a measure of self-defense. It
is designed to prevent a repetition of treason
by these men, and being a permanent provision
of the Constitution, it is intended to operate
as a preventive of treason hereafter by hold-
ing out to the people of the United States that
such will be the penalty of the offense if they
dare to commit it. It is therefore not a measure
of punishment, but a measure of self-defense;
and the honorable Senator from Wisconsin was,
in point of fact, driven to that conclusion at
last by the interrogatory propounded to hiin
by his colleague; and then he asked, in con-
sideration of the amnesty proclaimed by Mr.
Johnson and of the legislation of Congress on
that subject, would it be just, would it bo right
to incorporate such a provision as this in the
Constitution of the United States, excluding
these men hereafter forever from holding
office?
Now, sir, is it right? The duty of the Gov-
ernment and the citizen is reciprocal; the ob-
ligation is mutual. The Government owes to
its citizen protection; the citizen owes to the
Government obedience and support; and I
demand to know of the Senator from Wiscon- '
sin, or any other Senator, whether there is in
the annals of history the case of a Government
so benign as has been that of the United States,
and where the obligation on the part of the
Government has been so perfectly performed
and so adequately extended? l)o Senators
pretend to say that the men disqualified by the
proposed amendment rebelled because they
had any just cause to rebel, any just cause of
complaint on the part of the Government; that
it had failed to afford them the protection that
was due from the Government to them? Do
Senators pretend to say that there was the
shadow of a pretext to justify these men in
going into the rebellion?
Then, sir, if they cannot answer these inter-
rogatories in the affirmative, as I know they
cannot, and will not dare to do so, how does
the case stand? Here was the Federal Gov-
ernment extending to these men ample pro-
tection. What did they do? Yield to the
Government the support that was due from
them to the Government? No, sir; not only
did they withhold support from the Govern-
ment, but they drew the sword to destroy it.
And now, sir, the proposition is, shall these
men, who have thus forfeited their allegiance
and shown how unfaithful fhey could be to the
most benign Government in the world, be al-
lowed again to become the depositaries of the
political power of the United States, the cus-
todians and executors of our laws and liber-
ties? Would there be any justice or any pro-
priety in allowing men to be again introduced
into the Government who have, under such
circumstances as these, shown themselves to
be so faithless to their trust? That is the
question ; and looking to the future peace and
security of this country, I ask whether it would
be ipst or right to allow men who have thus
proven themselves faithless to be again in-
trusted with the political power of the State.
I think not; and upon that ground I think this
exclusion is wise, is just, is charitable, and is
Christian, and that we would be faithless to
our trust if we allowed the interests of the
country and its future peace and welfare to be
again disturbed by men who have shown them-
selves thus faithless in the past. And, sir, it
does seem to me that there is a degree of pre-
sumption in men who have hardly yet washed
their hands of the blood of our fellow-citizens
that they have shed in theirinsane efforts to de-
stroy this Government, coming here and clam-
oring at the door of Congress again for the very
political power which they have hitherto used
for the destruction of this Government.
You may say they will do us no harm by
being again% allowed to hold office. How was
it in the origin of our troubles? How was it
when these men were in office before the rebel-
lion commenced? How did they use the power
that was intrusted to them ? I answer, by send-
ing our vessels away from our shores ; bytrans-
ferringour arms from the North to the South;
and by depleting the Treasury of the United
States by preconcerted arrangements, so that
when the rebellion should be precipitated upon
the country the power of the Federal Govern-
ment would be crippled and to a great extent
destroyed. Shall we again trust men of this
character, who, while acting under the obliga-
tion of the oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, thus betrayed their country
and betraved their trust?
