1958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
in this section the Senator claims, and perhaps ]
correctly, should bo construed in connection !
with the first part of the section. That proviso
reads thus:
"Andprovi-leJ farther. That if arnilroad shall not
ho onotecol to riioax City aoro^ Iowa or 31tane-
sota within eighteen months from tile date of this
act"—
The eighteen months have passed and it has
not been done—
"then «nid company designated by the President, as
nd. may commcice, continue, and complete
thffeonstrucuon oi" sjiU branch as contemplated by
the provisions of this act."
That proviso seems to be inconsistent with
the first patt oi' the provision which I read,
and to provide that if within eighteen months
110 road should reach Sioux City from the east
the company designated by him should go on
and construct this branch. There really ap-
pears to be a conflict between the two provis-
ions.
There are two questions to be considered in
connection with this bill now before us; and
they are separate questions. Uae is, whether
the President made a legal designation when lie
designated this company for the construction of
this branch, and whether if he did not make a
legal designation it is good policy for Congress
now to make that designation or confirm the
one that he made, and give the building of this
"branch to this company, which 1 will call the
Iowa c(Snpany for the purpose of being under-
stood. The other question relates entirely to
routes; and they are totally distinct.
In regard to the investigations had before
the Pacific Railroad Committee, I desire to
state to the Senate that the bulk of what was-
said by the advocates of both parties in inter-
est related directly to routes, and not to this
designation, for so far as the designation is con-
cerned, the Senate have it all here in the two'
provisions I have read, and are entirely com-
petent to decide without any discussion; and
so were the committee who had the matter in
charge. But upon routes there was a great
deal said. Gentlemen connected with Dakota
Territory came before the committee and ad-
vocated the setting aside the order of the Pres-
ident, as proposed by the bill of the honorable
chairman of.tlie committee, so that they could
come forward and organize a company, alleg-
ing that they had the most direct westwardly
route up what is called the Niobrara river, a
branch of the Missouri. Much was said in
regard to the practicability of constructing a
line upon that branch; and I must say here
that stjj'ar as I am a judge of a mountain coun-
try—and I live in one, and have for years—
and could construe what was said by the advo-
cates of the Niobrara route, my conclusion was,
and i could not escape from it, that there was
no practicable or fair route up the Niobrara.
It was described by themselves as a river
with a very narrow valley—in our country we
would cull it a cation—a deep cut in a veiy
hilly country, with precipitous bluffs very gen-
erally,' and a country over which now mule
trains travel with considerable difficulty; and
where wagons travel they are compelled in all
cases, as was stated, I believe, before the com-
mittee, to take the tops of the ridges, and can-
not go up the valley of that river; in other
words the river has no valley connected with it.
Then, s,o far as the Niobrara route is con-
cerned. and so far as it affects the question
now before the Senate, my judgment was and
is that it cuts no figure in the case, that it is
an impracticable sand-hill region, not profit-
able to consrrnct a branch of the Pacific rail-
road through.
Mr. McDO UGALL. "Will the Senator from
California permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. McDO Uu-ALL. Has my colleague, the
Senator from California, ever studied any-
thing of engineering or mountain countries?
I ask an answer.
Mr. CONN hi S3. I do not think that has
any relevancy to this subject. If the Senator's
colleague has not, he is certainly willing t 
concede that his colleague has studied sufficient
for both.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Ah! the better man of
the two. then.
Mr. CONNESS. Now, Mr. President, there
is another fact that appears, so far as the
Niobrara route is concerned, in the discussions
that were had before the committee, namely,
that if it were adopted by the order of Con-
gress for the construction of a Pacific railroad
branch, it would make a very long and a very
expensive route to the Treasury of the United
States before it could connect westwardly
with the Union Pacific railroad, and that is
an additional reason why it should not be
adopted. The time will doubtless come, when
more population gets into that country, that
branch roads will connect with the main trunk
or Union Pacific railroad; but that time, in
my judgment, is not yet.
Now, sir, the question directly before us, and
the cause of the introduction of this measure,
is the line located from Sioux City, east of the
Missouri river, and crossing the Missouri river
a considerable distance south of Sioux City
and thence running to Fremont, where it con-
nects, I believe, with the Omaha branch of
the Pacific railroad. It appears that this Iowa
company have deposited the map now before
me. as the plat of their route, in the office of
the Secretary of the Interior; and the lands,
I supposa, lia -e been withdrawn from the
market in accordance with law. 1 believe that
the construction of a road over this route
would be unwise, inasmuch as it runs east-
ward and not westward, and that this route, as
contemplated by the language of the substitute
of the Senator from Iowa, would be set aside.
Certainly the United States are not willing to
build a branch of the Pacific railroad from
Sioux City, which shall run eastward, and in
the length of one hundred miles only make
five miles of westward distance. "The route
which the company has adopted, as shown by
the map which lias been deposited, is one that
ought to be set aside. I think, as I suppose
all right-minded persons think, that the route
should be left to engineering. I have no objec-
tion, and never saw any during the discussion,
to this Iowa company, composed of owners of
contiguous railroads interested in seeking this
western connection, being the company to
build the branch. Indeed, my opinio'n is that
they are the best able to build it; that com-
mitted to their hands it will be built soonest
and best, for we have, in addition to the
motive of personal interest that they will have
in assuming the franchise, the amount of
interest they have in seeking the connection
by their other and existing roads. But whether
the President had a legal right to designate
them is a question for the Senate to decide.
Whether it is well for Congress now to con-
firm that designation is a question also for the
Senate to decide, and I have no advice to give
upon these propositions.
When the bill before us was in committee it
seemed to me not an extravagant thing to rec-
ommend that the bill should pass as agreed
on by the committee ; in other words, I thought
this company would eventually build the road
in any case, that they were the company best
able, organized for the purpose, determined to
take the franchise, able to go on with the sur-
veys and demonstrate the best route. I thought
they would eventually get it in any case. As to
these other companies spoken of by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, I think none of them are
yet organized.
Mr. HOWARD. They are.
Mr. CONNESS. There are companies organ-
ized?
Mr. HOWARD. Very responsible comjja-
nies.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Michi-
gan says they are organized, and are very re-
sponsible companies : that, had passed my atten-
tion. 1 do not know but that I have said all
I on this subject that I need at this time say. My
| only porpose in rising was to show that the com-
i mittee had fairly and fully considered the ease;
thattheyhad consideredthe question of whether
the President should have designated this com-
pany or not; thattheyhad considered theabiiity
of this company to construct the road ; that they
had considered the cheapest line of construction
for the Government, and that they had also con-
sidered the best route for its construction over.
I have no feeling in the premises, but, as I au-
thorized the report to be made, I shall vote, of
course, to sustain that report. If the Senate
should not adopt it, then 1 should be willing to
accept the other proposition, that coming from
the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, this is
an opportune occasion for me to make a re-
mark due to myself and my relations to my
State. It happened to be the fact that I intro-
duced the first bill for a Pacific railroad in the
House of Representatives long years ago. I
was chairman then of that committee. I in-
troduced the first carefully prepared bill in this
body, and was chairman of the committee. I,
the voice of the majority governing, after hav-
ing reported and helped to pass the first bill
that ever did pass in Congress, was superseded
by the sober Senator from California. I in-
habited the city of San Francisco, the metro-
politan city of the Pacific. His antecedent in
the House resisted the Pacific railroad going
to San Francisco; and my colleague resisted
the Pacific railroad going to the great metro-
politan city, a place of which Humboldt spoke
when he traveled along California's mountains
and valleys long years ago. 'This from per-
sonal local considerations he did ; and I know
those considerations, and I affirm them now,
and I do it for my own dignity and for the re-
spect I have for the high senatorial office. The
opportunity has not come before for me to say
this; but what I say is the perfect truth. He
did this for personal reasons, not for public.
I do not think he understands the dignity of
office. A man may play fantastic tricks so far
as he himself is concerned; but when he ac-
cepts office and represents others he must be
careful that he does the full measure of hia
duty; and it is my impression that he never
learned to do that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The re-
marks of the Senator of a personal character
are decided to be out of order.
Mr. CONNESS. Only because what the
Senator has said will be printed in the Globe,
as I hope it will be every word——
. Mr. McDOUGALL. Every word.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
now be silent. Only because it will be printed
in the Globe do I rise to make any response;
otherwise I never would respond to what my
colleague says in the Senate of the United
States, but what he says goes out in print as
the words of a Senator, and if no notice be
taken of it here the public at large cannot but
understand that the object of his animadver-
sions deserved those animadversions. The
Senate will bear me witness to-day, as they
will since I have been in this body, that I came
here for business, that I have made honest
endeavors to represent the interests, the best
interests, of the people who honored me by
selecting me as a Senator. The testimony
of the Senate on both sides I have no fear
but that I can receive on that point. That
this morning should be selected by him who
unfortunately represents my Stai.c in this august
body, to make a personal attack upon my-
self 
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator from
California allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator give way ?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir.
Mr McDOUGALL. Not for a question?
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor's colleague does not give way.
Mr. CONNESS. That this assault shoold
come this morning while we are engaged in the
duties of our high office in considering a sub-
ject relating to the public weal lying outside of
