3878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 17,
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
yesterday dwelt still more strongly upon this
point and impressed upon the House the idea
that it was a most remarkable thing that these
three men, the friends of General Rousseau,
all armed, should have been present on that
occasion. Now, it is very hard to argue against
innuendo, and this is nothing but innuendo.
There may be circumstances which, iu the ab-
sence of other facts, might give color to the in-
sinuation that these men were present on in-
vitation of General Rousseau for the purpose
of aiding him in the assault; but I submit to
the gentleman from Iowa that in view of the
circurostanccs of the case there is no possible
excuse for his putting it in that light.
Colonel Pennybaker, it is admitted, had been
told by General Rousseau of the probable as-
sault. The testimony shows precisely what he
was told. Colonel Pennybaker, I may say here,
was an old personal friend of General Rous-
seau, and had known him from boyhood. He
was in the Senate of Kentucky at the same time
with General Rousseau, and was almost the
only member of that body who supported him
in his opposition to secession. He testifies
that on the morning of the day the assault was
committed General Rousseau told him that
Grinned, had used language toward him which
he could not submit to, and that unless he had
an apology he should probably chastise him.
The evidence then goes on as follows:
" Question. Bid ho say ho was going to chastisc him,
to flog him, or what ?
"Answer. 1 do not remember what particular ex-
pression he used. It is my recollection ho said lie was
going to use a valtan.
" Queilion. At what time was this ?
"Ansioer. About halt past eleven in the morning.
" Quest inn. Where was it the general told you this?
"ylnv/'w. It was in the yard below here, between
here and the Capitol gate, eoming toward tlio Capi-
tol, between eleven and twelve o'clock.
"Question. Did lie nottullyou oil the way when or
where ho designed to do it ?
"Answer. No, sir. I rather inferred from his talk
that ho contemplated it that evening.
" Question, in consequence of that information did
you .stay by during that afternoon?
"Answer. X returned and went up to tile House in
consequonec of that information that evening.
"Question. l)id you go at the request of Genera!
Rousse.su'.'
"A.nsn:cr. No; (he general did not make any re-
quest at all. lie asked mc to come up in the evening,
and I arrived_ there not more than ten minutes before
the Rouse adjourned."
Now, Pennybaker was informed by Rous-
seau of the probable assault, but there is noth-
ing whatever to show that ho was invited there
for the purpose of taking any part in the aflair
or in any other capacity than as a witness of
the assault. Colonel Pennybaker has been in
the Army and was in the habit of carrying
arms, and he testifies that on hearing of this
contemplated assault he went to his room and
took a pistol and came with it np to the House.
With the exception of that single incident there
is not a shadow of suspicion that anybody was
informed by General Ropssuau of his intended
assault upon the member from Iowa.
Colonel Grigsby, who was the second party
present who is named liero, testifies in answer
to General Rousseau's questions as follows:
" Question. I ask you if anythinghad ever occurred
between you andmyself which led you to believe that
this thing wa.s to take place.
"Answer. Nothing whatever. I only arrived in the
city a dav or two before. I had not seen General
Rousseau until I saw him at the Capitol since 1862,
when wo weio iu the Army together, and I only was
with him three minutes before we wont out at the
door.
" Question. Bid I even know you were present on
the portico until you came up to mc?
"Answer. I had no reason to suppose you did at
all. I was following Colonel Pennybaker. I sup-
posed you were running to get into a car. I never"
dreamed of anything of the sort occurring."
I read further from his testimony:
"By Mr.Basks:
"Question. Do you over carry arras upon your
person ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Were you armed on this occasion?
"Ansu\r. X had a small Deringer pistol in my
pocket.
^ Question. Tfow Jong had you had that?
"A ai-wer. I hart earned it ever smec X left the Army.
I do not suppose it has been out of my pocket in twelve
months.
"By Air. Horssn iu:
"Question. You did not have it with you for this
particular occasion?
"Ansioer. No, sir; for I did not know of any such
occasion. The condition of society has been such in
our town that it would not be safe to be unarmed. It
is rather the exception than the rule for gentlemen
not to carry arms, especially one who has been in the
Federal Army.
" Question. I understand you to say distinctly that
you had no knowledge or intimation that anything
of this sort was to occur?
"Ansirer. Not tho slightest. I was very much sur-
prised when I saw you raise your hand, and I had no
idea who you wero striking."
But it is said that Colonel Pennybaker told
Colonel Grigsby of this affair, and that in con-
sequence the latter was there. That, sir, is
negatived distinctly by the declaration of Col-
onel Grigsby himself, in reply to a question by
Mr. Wilson.
" Question. You stated that Colonel Pennybaker
came up with you?
" Answer. Yes. Colonel Pennybaker went over to
my room to take a drink with mo. He \?as talking
about matters, and said he must go to tho House. * I
told him I would go with him if he had no objec-
tions."
And ill a subsequent part of the testimony
he states that what he came for was to see Mr.
Hakdino, of Illinois, a member of the House,
and that ho simply went out with Pennybaker
because ho supposed he was going.
Colonel McGrew, the other person who was
there armed, testifies in equally strong lan-
guage that he never heard anything of the
affair from anybody at any time.
" Question. Did any one else ever intimate to you
after that time that probably he would assault Mr.
Grinnell ?
"Answer. No, sir; I never heard anything of tho
case until tho day it occurred.
" Question. When you followed Mr. Rousseau from
tho Rotunda that.day was it with the expectation of
any such oecuricncc ?
"Answer. He seemed to pass mc without answer-
ing, and 1 followed him out more to know what was
tile matter.
" Question. Then when you followed Mr. Rousseau
out you had no thought of a collision ?
"Anstvrr. No, sir; none at all.
" By t ho On ukmax:
" Question. Bid you have an interview with Colonel
Pennybaker that evening or that day with reference
to this transaction?
"Answer. Not until afterward."
Again:
" Question. Bid it strike you at tho moment there
might bo some personal difficulty, and was that tlie
reason for your following?
"Answer. No; itwas not for that reason at all that
I followed him. I followed him for the express pur-
pose of knowing whether he was going to New York."
That is all there is about those three men.
Colonel Pennybaker was told that there might
be a collision, and came up. As to the other
two parties, the testimony of every witness—
uncontradicted, undoubted, not a shadow of
suspicion thrown upon it—tends to show that
they were there accidentally. Why, then, it
may bo asked, were they armed? Simply, as
they have already explained, because it was
their custom to be armed. But why, it may
be asked, was nobody else armed? If any one
will tell me what reason he has for supposing
that nobody else was armed, then I may think
it worth while to answer that question. It
must be recollected that out of the fifteen or
twenty persons who, according to the testi-
mony, were present, these three and no others
were singled out and examined on that point.
But I think gentlemen understand pretty well
that it has become quite fashionable—quite too
fashionable—a fashion much " more honored
in the breach than in the observance," to carry
arms on the person. Those three men did it,
and wero detected. How many more did it
and were not detected it is not for me to say.
But I submit that, whatever may be the dispo-
sition by the House of these gentlemen them-
selves, whatever view the House may take of
their conduct, there is nothing whatever in this
evidence to show that they were there by pro-
curement of General Rousseau—nothing what-
ever to show that they knew aught of his pur-
poses ; that he had lifted a finger or done a
thing to have them there at that particular
time ; and the coincidence which the gentle-
man from Iowa referred to yesterday is simply
a coincidence, and nothing more.
Now, sir, I do not care to say anything fur-
ther on the general question. I "should be glad
to have the House decide by a distinct vote
between the proposition for expulsion and the
proposition for a reprimand. I think that is
a fair issue; but I desire to repeat again that
I do not think it fair to punish General Rous-
seau, one of the parties in this- case, for his
violation of the privileges of the House, with-
out at the same time inflicting some censure
or at least disapprobation upon the gentle-
man from Iowa, by whom that violation was
provoked.
Freedom of debate, sir, must be protected.
It ought to be protected. The dignity of de-
bate must be protected. It is due to ourselves,
it is due to the proprieties of our proceeding,
it is due to the attainment of the end for which
we are hero that it should be thoroughly and
effectively protected. But I submit to this
ITouso whether the way to protect it is to allow
one member to assail another in the grossest
and most insulting terms without doing any-
thing to protect him, and then to inflict pun-
ishment upon him for attempting to protect
himself. 1 submit, sir, that if we are to pro-
tect the freedom and dignity of debate we must
check its abuses, and thus give no man either
provocation or excuse for assailing it. As
between members, entitled to equal privileges
and equal protection, the protection must be
equal and impartial.
Here let me refer to a point mentioned in
the report of the minority as another reason
in extenuation; and that is, that General Rous-
seau failed to receive the protection of the
House. He appealed for it twice distinctly,
saying each time that unless the House would
protect him he must protect himself. The gen-
tleman from Iowa was, it is true, callcd to order
by the Speaker; but, sir, he was not, as the
rules require, compelled to take his seat and
await tho decision of the House whether he
should proceed or not. In the first instance,
when he wa<? called to order, the Speaker said
very properly that his remarks were out of
order. But lie went on. Again he was called
to order, and then the Speaker said:
"The Chair sustains the point. Tho gentleman
from Iowa is out of order in this course of remark,
and as the gentleman has been twice callcd to order
the Chair will check him if he again violates the
rule."
That is not protection, sir. And when the
gentleman from Iowa did again violate the rule,
and the Speaker said, "The Chair thinks that
the remarks of the gentleman are out of order,"
the gentleman replied, " 1 have nothing farther
to say." He was allowed from the beginning
to the end to go through the whole of his tirade
and to say all he wished to say without being
once called to order by the House and silenced.
That was not protection to the gentleman as-
sailed. It was simply protection to his assail-
ant. The gentleman from Iowa enjoyed com-
plete impunity throughout the whole of his
remarks for whatever he chose to say.
Now, sir, I wish to say in the first place that
I think the Speaker acted upon his own con-
viction of the proprieties of his position in al-
lowing members to call to order when any
violation of order was eommited in the course
of a personal explanation. The reason which
he gave for his opinion tlie other day, namely,
that he alone of all the members of the House
is not asked for his consent, I should say, as an
abstract proposition, is not a sound reason,
simply because the Speaker of this House is
also a member of this House; and he loses
none of his rights as a member of this House
by the fact that additional rights and powers
have been placed in his hands by virtue of his
position as Speaker. I think it is just as com-
petent for the Speaker to object in such a case
as it is for any other member. A sense of pro-
priety or a sense of courtesy may restrain him
from the exercise of it. But, as to the right,
I do not know of any positive rule which de-
nies it to the Speaker; and in the absence of
any such rule I should say that the right exists.
In the limited experience I have had as a pre-
siding officer in the State Legislature I have
always actcd on the assumption that I still pos-
sessed all the rights of a member, and never
hesitated to exercise those rights in case of
necessity.
