998
' THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
New York, [Mr. Radford,] not now in his
seat, who was obliged to be absent, came to
me and gave me his views and requested me
to hand them to the committee, which I did.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will relieve the gen-
tleman from the imputation of persuading the
committee, if he wishes it. I am perfectly
willing that it should go in that way. But my
question as to what the action of the commit-
tee was, what it did do, is still unanswered.
In order to relieve any member of the commit-
tee from the suspicion of improper conduct, I
will ask the Clerk to read an article published
in the Cincinnati Commercial, one 01 the lead-
ing Republican papers in the West. Its Wash-
ington correspondent, writing under date of
February 7, writes what I now ask the Clerk to
read, and what I know to be true.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"On Thursday last woolc tho House Committee of
Elections, with but one dissenting vote, agreed to
report m favor of Dan. Yoorheos. as against Colonel
WHshbum,whocon tests* hii<#.eat. This was after a full
and i<«ir mve^igatumot'lhe testimony on both sides,
mid the hearing of elaborate arguments from both
claimants. Air. Dawes, chairman of tho committee,
was the dissenter. The ease was all ready for report-
ing to the Mouse, butfrom some unaccountable cause
it was kepi back, and >osUsrday, strange to say, tho
committee reversed their decision and unanimously
agreed to ronort against Voorhees and in favor of
Washburn. Exactly what influence was brought to
bear to seenro thin result if? not apparent, but tho
facta as [ state them, and I have them from an au-
thentic source, certainly leave room for suspicion
that (hero inus been unfair play somcwheio.
"A*to tho real Ktnlo of the ca^c. everybody knows
that tho Tone Haute district is hopelessly Demo-
cratic. Theio nntyhavo been fraudulent \ oting dono
there at tho election, but it is not liUely that the Dem-
ocrats had a monopoly ol'that iuisimx. As the matter
now >tands iho probability i* that Voorhees will be
ouMrd. *lt so, another election ought to bo ordered
immediately."
Mr. VOORIlEErt. That, is all upon that
point. That shows how well this matter was
known.
Mr. DAWES. Let mo put in a word here.
Mr. VOOltllEEK, Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I will state that (ho gentleman
will Hud that same thing, in so many words,
sent to e\ery part of the country by some in-
dustrious young gentleman in this city who
supplies " telegraphic news." It attracted the
attention of the committee as well as of the gen-
tleman; it is nothing new now. Home gen-
tleman in somcbody'.s interest, 1 do not know
whose, telegraphed that statement all. over the
country, East us well as West. It is only apart
of that system of machinery sometimes resorted
to, and which is sometimes called ''manufac-
turing public sentiment/'
Mr. VOOltH EES. 1 am not going to pro-
long 11 it' debate on (his point, as long as every
one sees that the gontIonian (Iocs not deny tho
statement I haw made. That is all; lot it go.
lie dure not deny its truth.
Mr. DAWKS. The gentleman know I should
not deny the statement. He know he would not
got me to state, what, transpired in the commit-
tee-room when he put the question. Otherwise
ho would not hare put it.
Mr. INlilJKKOUj. 1 believe this matter
demands explanation. I have asked unani-
mous ronsent to make a motion that the rule
of this House be su.spcnded which requires
that the proceedings of a eommittee .shall re-
main with the members of the committee, in
order that tho chairman of the Committee of
Elections may state the facts here. If seven
or eight members of that committee voted in
favor of the sitting member, after full argu-
ment, and then reversed that vote without any
further argument, as one of the members of
this House 1 wish to fully understand it before I
vote upon this quest ion. 1 therefore ask unan-
imous consent that tho rules be suspended, and
that tho chairman of the eommittee be allowed
to explain whether the .statement of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Yoop.hkek] is true
or not. Let us know it if tho committee have
reversed iheir action, because that is not set
out in their report.
.Mr. BANKS. I object to the suspension of
the rule, net that I have any interest in this
question at all. But if tlic rule is to be sus-
pended for this purpose, the report should be
recommitted with instructions to report on cer-
tain questions. There is no member of the
committee who can stand up in his place in
this House and state what has transpired in the
committee-room upon subjects not reported
upon, with any chance of receiving the con-
sent and the approval of the other members
of the eommittee.
I do not make this objection with any refer-
ence to the merits of this tpiestion, but simply
with a view to the proprieties of parliamentary
proceedings. It is competent for the gentle-
man from Illinois to reach his purpose in a
different way, that is by moving to recommit
this subject with certain instructions; but it
would not bo proper for the House to approve
and sustain such a motion as that which he
proposes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to know whether
it is not competent, as I suppose it is, for the
House to send for the records of this commit-
tee. I suppose that their records will show this
vote. If so, I would like to have the record
produced. If it is in order now, I will make
tho motion that the chairman of tho committee
produce the record.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. I rise to a point of
order, which is that the whole subject now un-
der discussion is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The subject can be enter-
tained only by unanimous consent. The gen-
tleman from Indiana is entitled to the Uoor.
Mr. VOORIIEES. Mr. Speaker, in one sense
I do not blame the chairman of tho committee
for wanting to keep this matter to himself, and
inside the lour walls of the committee-room ;
nor do F complain of his distinguished colleague,
[Mr. Banks,] who comes to his assistance in
accomplishing that object. If I had been a
willing party to such conduct, I would, no doubt,
be capable of acting precisely in the same way,
and would desire the affair to remain secret and
undisclosed. That is all I have to say on that
point.
But, leaving this branch of the committee's
claims to indorsement and honorable mention
in the history of these st range times, I approach
the discussion of the case itself. I shall pro-
ceed to show that versatility and rapidly shift-
ing views of duty are not the only accomplish-
ments possessed bylhisclasticeommittee. India
rubber has not only the principle of pliability
but it likewise possesses very powerful orasivc
properties. The committee, too, has that use-
ful quality, and has found no ditlieulty in eras-
ing from their proceedings the plainest and
most familiar principles of the laws of the land.
First. Accordingly law—plain law as decided
by the highest tribunals in the Government—
there is no evidence at all in this case, and none
was ever taken. Can any one testily who is not
under oath, and can any one administer an oath
except ho is especially empowered by law to do
so? 1 here state that not one witness who ap-
pears in these proceedings, contesting my seat,
was ever sworn by an officer authorized to ad-
minister oaths. By the act of Congress regu-
lating the mode of contesting an election to
this House it is provided, after enumerating
other otlicers, that depositions may be taken
before any mayor of a town or city who resides
in the congressional district wherein the eon-
test originates. Here, then, is an official per-
sonage designated to act. A mayor is to take
the depositions. Who and what is a mayor?
Is ho any! hing except whattho law makes him ?
Is he not simply an artificial person created
by statute with 110 existence whatever except
such as has been specifically conferred upon
him? He is merely the creature of State law,
and by that law, and by it alone, he possesses
all his powers.
Congress might have created a new officer
and given him authority to take, these deposi-
tions, but it did not. The Federal Government
to accomplish a Federal object adopts a State
officer as an agent because ho has authority
under the laws of the State to do what the Fed-
eral Government wishes done in the premises.
This is no new doctrine. On the contrary, it is
a very old one. It is embraced in the decision
of the celebrated case of Prigg vs. The Com-
monwealth of Pennsylvania, rendered by the
Supreme Court of the United States a quarter
of a century ago. It was there held that the
Federal Government, in order to execute a
Federal law, might call upon State officers for
their aid, and that such State officers might
render the required aid by virtue of the power
vested in them bjr State laws; but that at the
same time they might refuse to act in the prem-
ises at all, being entirely independent of Fed-
eral authority. In other words, that to pre-
vent the multiplicity of Federal officers the Gov-
ernment may adopt as agents for certain pur-
poses persons who have authority by State law
to do the required duties of the Federal Gov-
ernment. And when Congress said that a mayor
might take depositions in proceedings like this,
did it by so doing make some other kind of an
officer out of the mayor, who saw fit to act?
Did it enlarge his powers? If so, it would
not have used the term mayor, for a mayor can
only be the creature of the State enactment.
He is an officer utterly unknown to Federal
legislation. In support of this view of tho ques-
tion, allow me to cite the case of the United
States vs. Baily, in 9 Peters, page 251. The
facts in that case were as follows: a law of
Congress conferred upon the Secretary of the
Treasury the power to make rules and regula-
tions in accordance with which claims against
the Treasury Department should be presented
and proven. By virtue of that law the Secre-
tary, among other things, established a rule that
affidavits in support of claims might be made
before any justice of the peace. In the prose-
cution of a claim, Baily made an affidavit be-
fore one Josiah Reed, a justice of the peace in
the county of Bath, and State of Kentucky.
His affidavit was alleged to be false, and he was
indicted for perjury in the Federal court. From
there it was carried to the Supreme Court of
the United States, and the question there fully
discussed and decided as to the power of the
said Reed to administer the oath in question,
and if he had the power, whence it was derived.
Pause a moment and consider how exactly
tho question now before us was there presented
for decision. There the Federal Government
desired a certain duty performed. Here tho
same. There an officer created by the laws
of the State of Kentucky was designated by
the authority of the Federal Government as
one capable of acting for it in the premises.
Here an officer created by tho laws of Indiana
is designated by Congress as one who may take
these depositions. Then we are immediately
upon the point. What was 1he language of
Justice Story in delivering the opinion of the
court? It is as follows :
" It will be accordingly certified to tho circuit court
that the said Josiah Reed, named in the cerrificato
of division of the judges of the circuit court, bcinga
justice of the peace of the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky, authorized by the laws of that State to admin-
ister oaths, had authority and jurisdiction to admin-
ister the oath, and take the affidavit in tho said
certificate of division mentioned; and that if tho
facts stated therein were falsely sworn to, tho ease
is within the act of Congress of the 1st of March,
1823, referred to in tho same ceitificatc.''—United
States vs. Bailey, vol.p. Peters's Supreme Court
lleporls.
This decision plainly establishes the princi-
ple for which I am contending, that where the
Federal Government fixes upon a State officer
to assist in carrying out its purposes, that offi-
cer docs not thereby become a Federal officer,
but acts by virtue of the (lowers wherewith he
has been clothed by the State which has given
him his official character. In the case just
cited the oath administered by the justice of
the peace in Kentucky was valid, because the
laws of that State gave him authority to admin-
ister it.
Now, let us apply this jjlain principle of law
to the case under discussion. The facts here
are as follows: Albert Lange is the mayor of
the city of Terre Haute, and before him every
deposition on file was taken. Two of the_ dep-
ositions were taken in the county of Sullivan,
one in the county of Putnam, and one in Riley
Township, Vigo county, and all outside of the
