I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1959
the State of California, can only be accounted
for by the Senator who has made it being in
that unfortunate condition which has led to so
much disgrace to our State.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I have
a right to call the Senator to order and to pro-
nouncc that a falsehood. I have that right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will state his point of order, but he must
state it in parliamentary language; otherwise
the Chair cannot entertain any motion from
the Senator. Docs he make a point of order
on what the Senator [Mr. Coxness] says? If
so, he will state his point of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will state the point
of order, then. A man who makes an insult-
ing remark on the floor of the Senate, if it is
a false remark, may lie corrected by the state-
ment of the term 11 falsehood," which is parlia-
mentary ; it is so in Great Britain and so in the
United States. I desire to pronounce that a
falsehood, and I am within the rule as it is laid
down.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Cossess] will pro-
ceed
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I hope I
shall be protected from these interruptions in
what I shall have to say in future.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will endeavor to enforce the rules of the body.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the indulgence of
the reporter, else the remarks that I have made
and what I wish to make will necessarily lack
coherency. I was saying, sir, that the assault
both in time and in character made by the Sen-
ator would not have been made on this occa-
sion were he not in the condition which has
led to so much disgrace to our State and lias
so often led to public shame in this august
body.
Mr. McDOUGALL.- Again 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator must observe order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Again I call the Sen-
ator to order, and again I say 
Mr. CONN ESS. I hope the Chair will keep
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator's undertaking to pronounce what his col-
league states to be untrue is not a point of
order; and the Senator must not interrupt.
He will have his opportunity to reply if any
misstatement is made.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the President
allow me to state what 1 think to be the true
rule ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Sen-
ator makes a point of order, the Chair will
entertain the point of order. The Senator
from California on the left of the Chair [Mr.
Conxess] has the floor and must not be inter-
rupted unless he is called to order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The point of order I
will state. It is not 
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of
Order. I submit that the Senator must not be
allowed to proceed. He must make his point
of order and then take his seat.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have the floor, hav-
ing risen to state a point of order. Not having
stated the point of order, I still have the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California rose to a point of order
and has not stated it. The Chair entertains
his motion only on the ground that he is stating
his point of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to state what I
think to be the rule, which is, as far as I have
been instructed about parliamentary law, that
a person speaking personally, as the Senator,
ray colleague 
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I believe
I am entitled to the floor. I object to this. If
the Senator has a point of order to make, I
hope he will be made to state it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
the object of the Chair. The Senator [Mr.
McDoi'gali/] is stating his point of order as
the Chair understands. If he is not stating a
point of order lie is clearly out of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am only stating it.
I am trying to get at it carefnlly so that I may
be exact. If I am wrong I have no doubt the
President will rule right. If the Senator, my
colleague, had risen in his place and objected
to some things I said, I think he might have
made a point, of order on me.
Mr. SUMNER. I rise again to a question
of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am on the floor on
a point of order.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is arguing a
case.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am not. I am ap-
proaching the statement. Permit me, Mr.
Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, to make my statement. If a person says
a thing on the floor of the Senate that undigni-
fies a Senator he has the right to rebuke it by
proper terms. That is the point of order, and
so it has been ruled in Parliament, and so it
has been ruled in this Senate for fifty years.
That is the point of order. That is all I want
to state, so that the President will understand
that I have the privilege to rebuke a false asser-
tion, it being personal to myself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does notunderstand that what the Senatornow
states is a point of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is a point of order.
It is my right to have such an assertion cor-
rected whenever I ask a correction.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from California on the
right [Mr. McDourall] to deny the truth of
some assertions made by the Senator from Cali-
fornia on the left, [Mr. Coxxess.1 The Chair
does not think that a point of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think the Chair does
not understand me. I think the Chair did not
understand the remarks of the Senator from
California, [Mr. Coxkess.] There is the point.
The Senator from California, my colleague,
made a remark that was personal to myself,
not an opinion or a matter of discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Confess] will pro-
ceed. The Chair perceives no point of order
in the matter stated.
Mr. CONNESS. If my purpose had ever
been at any time, or if I ever could entertain
the purpose, which I never have, to reflect upon
my colleague, the Senator in this body, it were
entirely unnecessary; the conduct of the Sen-
ator here furnishes the most severe reflection
that could possibly be uttered by human tongue.
The Senator, as I have once taken occasion to
slate in defense of my State, doe1! not repre-
sent the State of California in any sense, either
political or moral. The Senator was enfran-
chised with the senatorial oSice by that great
State live years ago, since which time the Sen-
ator has nev^r returned to see his constituents
or that tliey might see him; and yet I have
been put to the constant test in this body of
bearing and submitting—feeling proud of the
people I represent here—to the assumptions
of representation of them made by that Sena-
tor. I have borne it, sir; I have sat in my
place when 1hat Senator, so far from repre-
senting that high-toned, moral, and courageous
constituency and great sovereignty, was sitting
in his chair, or rather lying in his chair, the
object of pity, before an audience assembled
here from nearly every State in the Union. I
have covered my eyes more than once in shame
before these exhibits. My associates in this
body must not understand that I am dead to
considerations of this character, but, sir, silently
and quietly, kindly even to him, I was biding
the time when the Senator, by the termination
of his official career, should ccase thus to mis-
represent, thus to humiliate, and thus to shed
all the disgrace that was possible in him to do
upon not only the State that honored him and
enfranchised him, but upon the American char-
acter and upon the American Senate. But.
sir, I cannot bear it this morning, in view of
the wanton, unprovoked assault made upon
myself.
The Senator rises hero and bandies tho
word falsehood, Mr. President, against me.
The Senator dare not do that out of this great
body.
Mr. President, I dare not reply, for my sen-
atorial character is in issue here, to conduct
so despicable as that is. I dare not respond
to it. Of my character for truth and veracity,
for honor in the representative character, I
have no comparison to make with him. I
shrink from the contrast as I would from all
the pollution that hell could vomit forth in its
most disgusting convulsions. I have no con-
trast to make.
Mr. President, with gentleness, with kind-
ness, with what was due to the senatorial rela-
tion, notwithstanding the provocations in every
point of view—I would at any time since I
have sat here have sacrificed them all before
the high and imperious duty of vindicating
this great American forum and have cast a
vote upon any day for the expulsion of the
Senator because of his offenses committed
here again and again against the dignity of
this body ; but, sir, I could not lead in such a
work—the Senate has spared him; but forget-
ful of this consideration in his behalf, he has
repeated again and again these outrages and
violations of order and decorum and dignity
until forbearance has ceased to be a virtue.
The Senate have constantly done themselves
and the country a wrong. It was not enough
that this great body of which he bccame a
member had by unanimity concluded that he
should not be permitted longer to sit in its
committees to consider legislative questions.
That silent but most positive condemnation, so
far from bringing reformation and change, has
but sunk and degraded the object still more,
until having no character to lose, nothingin con-
troversy, he rises and commits the last offense
this morning.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
from California —
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from California yield the floor ?
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
from California will permit me to interrupt him
for a moment?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. As far as any necessary
vindication of his character is concerned, I sub-
mit to the honorable Senator whether he has
not gone far enough.
Mr. CONNESS. I was about to close.
Mr. JOHNSON. And I am sure  
Mr. McDOUGALL. Permit me a remark.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maryland has the floor by consent of
the Senator from California.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I askhim to permit me
a remark  *
Mr. JOHNSON. I will not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maryland does nol give way and
must not be interrupted.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am sure that it would be
agreeable to the Senate, and to all who hold in
.respect the character of the body, that a dis-
cussion like this should terminate.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I beg to say
to the Senator from Maryland, to the honora-
ble President, and to the Senate, that I feel as
deeply as any human being can feel the pain of
this whole proceeding; but I began by remark-
ing that what is said in this Chamber goes out
as the record of this great body, and, so far as
tho public at large and outside readers are con-
cerned, we are all equal here; and therefore,
provoked again and again, I cannot, either for
myself or for the State that I in part endeavor
to represent here, be silent longer. If I have,
Mr. President, by manner, by word, or by in-
opportune occasion offended the Senate, or any
Senator, certainly there is 110 person to whom
it would communicate more pain than myself,
and there is none who would withdraw any
offense committed either to an individual or to
the body where I was than myself. I am done,
Mr. President.
Mr. Mc DOUGALL. I shall be more respect-
ful; I will not speak of "the sob?" Senator
