1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1961
to state that fact for the information of the
Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say in response
to that that the Senator is mistaken. I believe
that one of the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives of my State assisted in forming the
company, but when the company was formed
he ceased to have any connection with the road.
I think that one member of Congress is one of
the members of this company. I do not know
that there is any particular impropriety in that.
I do not know that it is any more improper than
it is for the Senator's constituent, whoholds an
office in the Territory of Dakota, to be a lobby
memb'er about this body, as he has been ever
since this session of Congress commenced, for
the purpose of securing this grant to the adverse
company, of which he is a member. I simply
desire to repel the inference that might be drawn
from the remarks of the Senator from Michigan
that there was anything improper on the part
of these gentlemen who were members of the
House of Representatives. One of them I think
is a very worthy member from the State of Mas-
sachusetts, as good a man, as pure a man, and
as competent a raan, according to my knowl-
edge of him—and I think thai is the opinion
held of him by his own constituents and by the
people of that Commonwealth—as ever had a
seat in the Halls of Congress; and 1 can make
the same remark, with perfect propriety and
truth, in regard to my colleague of the House
of Representatives. I do not know with what
purpose it was that the Senator from Michigan
saw fit to drag in the names of these gentlemen
and put them upon the record here. J can only
say. whatever that motive may have been, that,
in the estimation of their friends, nothing that
he can say can injure them.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly it was not my
purpose to introduce the names, and 1 have
not introduced the names, of any members of
Congress from the State of Iowa as members
of this company. That is not necessary. I
referred to that fact, however, to account, if
possible, for this strenuous opposition which
has been made, and probably will hereafter be
made, to the passage of the bill now before the
Senate. I, like the Senator from Iowa, see no
impropriety in a member of Congress' being
connected with a railroad company, being a
stockholder or director ; there is certainly noth-
ing disreputable in that; but that would natu-
rally be a circumstance, so far as a member of
Congress is concerned, inducing one to be tol-
erablv vigilant in regard to his rights and m
regard to I he rights of his company. That is
all that I intended.
As to the other gentleman to whom the Sen-
ator has seen lit to allude—a private gentleman
of spotless reputation 
Mr. GUIMES. He holds an office in Dakota
Territory.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; I believe he is
surveyor of the Territory of Dakota, and .has
been absent, on leave, for a number of months,
from his post of duty, and has spent much of
his time at Washington. What may have been
his business entirely, I am unable to say. It
is true, however, that he is friendly to the pas-
sage of this bill, as he has a right to be, as
every man in Dakota and elsewhere has a right
to be. 1 do not know of any reason in moral-
ity or politics or law that would exclude a gen-
tleman holding a public office from taking an
interest in any public measure pending before
Congress. I do not know why he should, be
ostracized simply because he is a public officer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the fur-
ther consideration of this bill be postponed
with a view of taking up the bill for the relief
of the contractors for building the iron-clads.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Indiana
desires to address the Senate upon the bill to
which he alludes, I. of course, will make no
objection.to that bill coming up, but I desire,
if possible, to call up House bill No. 238, with
regard to the habeas corpus, which was under
consideration some days ago, and which is a
bill of public importance ; and I should be glad,
if the Senator docs not wish to address the
Senate, if he would let that bill come up instead
of the one to which he alludes.
Mr. HENDH1 CKS. I do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate but briefly.
Mr. CLARK. Of course, if the Senator
desires to occupy it at all, I will not interpose
another motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that the
Senator from Iowa, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, will perhaps offer some
amendments which may remove all objection
to the bill I have named, and it need not
occupy very much time if betakes that course.
The PRESIDENT_p?-o^e !2Jore. Itismoved
that the further consideration of the bill now
before the Senate be postponed, and that the
amendment offered by the Senator from Iowa
be printed, and that the Senate procced to the
consideration of the bill made by the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. HOWARD. If the bill now before the
Senate is to be postponed, I beg to sugge.it that
it be postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. CLARK. Oh, no; do not assign a day
for it.
Mr. WADE. I hope there will be no assign-
ments that will prevent me from calling up a
bill which, if it is to be passed upon at all,
ought to be acted upon very soon.
Mr. SUMNER. What is that?
Mr. WADE. The bill to incorporate the
District of Columbia Canal and Sewerage Com-
pany. If it is to be passed at all. it should lie
passed at once. I intended to call it up this
morning, but this bill got ahead of me. I think
this bill ought, to be considered and passed at
the earliest moment, and I should be glad if
the Senate would agree to take it up now.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not go on with the
business before us and finish it this afternoon?
Mr. HOWARD. I inferred from what the
Senator from Indiana said that he desired to
speak on this bill, and wished it postponed for
that reason.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not at all.
Mr. HO WARD. If that be not the case, I
think we had better come to a vote on this bill
without a postponement.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If we could reach a
vote I should not interpose another motion;
but I suppose this bill m regard to the Pacific
railroad will occupy some further time, and I
desire to conclude what I was saying at the
time of the adjournment the other day, and I
suppose that we can then dispose of the bill
that I propose to call up m a \eiy short time.
Mr. AN r 110NY. 11'the Senator from Indi-
ana was cut off the other day in the middle of
his speech 1 do not know wily that would nor
come up as the unfinished business. I think
he ought to have the privilege of concluding
his remarks.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I supposed it would;
but I did not want to interrupt oilier business.
Mr. GRIMES. It was understood a few
minutcs ago that this railroad bill would go
over until to-morrow, and I know that two or
three Senators left the Chamber under that
impression. I think, therefore, it would he
well for us to adopt the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, and let this bill be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Indiana.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbkson". its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had insisted
on its amendments to the concurrent resolution
of the Senate to prohibit the sale of spirituous
and other intoxicating liquors about the Cap-
itol building and grounds, disagreed to by tho
Senate, and asked a conference on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Jons Wextwouth of Illi-
nois, Mr. Hiram Price of Iowa, and Mr.
Samuel J. Randall of Pennsylvania, mana-
gers at the same on its nart.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; which were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 122) making appropria-
tions for tho naval service for the year ending
30th of June, 1807;
A bill (H. 11. No. 218) for the relief of Charles
Yonly;
^A bill (H. R. No. 204) granting a pension to
Mrs. AltazoraL. Willcox, of Chenango county,
iii tho State of New York;
A bill (II. R. No. 20(i) granting a pension to
Mrs. Isabella Eogg, of the State of Maine;
AJjill (H._It. No. 207) granting a pension
to Virginia K. V. Moore;
A bill (H. R. No. 2C8) for the relief of
Albert Kevins;
A bill (H. R. No. 443) granting a pension
to Mr. Elizabeth York, widow of Shubal York,
late a surgeon in the fifty-fourth regiment Illi-
nois infantry \olunteers;
A bill (II. R. No- 414) granting a pension
to Lewis W. Dietrich; and
A bill (IT. R. No. 440) for the relief of
Nicholas Hibner, late a private in the sixth
regiment Missouri State militia.
LIQUOR IN THE CAPITOL.
The Senate proceeded to consider the mes-
sage from the House of Representatives ask-
ing for a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments of the
llou^e of Representatives to the resolution pro-
hibiting the sale of spirituous liquors in the
Capitol building or grounds, disagreed to by
the Senate and insisted on by the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the absence of thegen-
tleman [Mr. Wilson] who introduced the res-
olution, and for him, although without author-
ity, I will move that tho Senate insist upon its
disagreement to the amendments and agree to
the conference asked by tin1 House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses tberebn. and
that the President^™ tempore appoint the man-
agers at the conference on the part of the Sen-
ate. I hope that this will be considered as the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts who
introduced the resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
SARAH K. PICK TILL,
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, desiring to move a
reconsideration of the vole indefinitely postpon-
ing the bill H. 11. No. 418) gi anting a pension
to Sarah E, Pickell. on "his motion, it was
Ordered, Th.it the Secretary be (tnected to request
the ITou-'e of Rem eseirittive< to return to the Senate
the hi LI of the itou^etXo. 458- jrr.nitin-i a. pension to
Sarah E. Pickell. which was iivlefuntely postponed
by the rfendte on the loth instant.
CONTHACTOIIS 1'Oil VKSSLLS AND MACK IN" CITY.
Tho Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill i S. No.
220) for the relief of certain contractors for
the construction of vessels-of-war-and steam
machinery.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is not my intention
to occupy the attention of the Senate more
than a few moments in the further discussion
of this bill. At. the time of the adjournment
oil Wednesday last I was showing the effect
of the action of the Department upon these
eontractois. and was illustrating it by the cases
of three other vessels that were constructed by
Messrs. Secor & Co., the Tecumseh. Mahop'ae,
and Manhattan, three of the river and harbor
monitors. As 1 said, tho contract by Messrs.
Secor & Co. for the construction of those ves-
sels was made on tho 1st of September. 1802,
and they were to be completed in six months,
but in fact they were not completed for about
eighteen months. Now, I wish to show to the
Senate how it came that they were not com-
pleted within the time or within a short time
after the time limited, and what was the effect
of that delay in the completion of the vessels
upon the contractors themselves.
The contract price for these vessels was con-
siderably above a million dollars, and the work
was commenced, I believe, almost immediately
