2922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 1G7) to incorporate the
Women's Hospital Association of the District
of Columbia; and
An act (S. No. 184) to define more clearly
the jurisdiction and powers of the supreme
court of the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House pa-
pers in the contested-election case of Koontz
vs. Cofifroth; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
LEAVES OP ABSENCE.
Mr. DAWES asked and obtained leave of
absence for Mr. Bice, of Massachusetts, for
one week.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, asked
and obtained indefinite leave of absence for
Mr. Latham.
Mr. JULIAN asked and obtained leave of
absence for Mr. Stilwell for two weeks.
Mr. ANCONA asked and obtained leave of
absence for Mr. Strouse fof one week from
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Hulbubd for two weeks,
and Mr. Van Horn, of New York, for one
week.
cleveland and mahoning railroad.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the regular or-
der of business.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of House bill N o. 537, to authorize the
Cleveland and Mahoning Railroad Company,
a corporation created and existing under the
laws of the States of Ohio and Pennsylvania,
to continue and construct the railroad of said
company from the village of Youngstown, Ma-
honing county, in said State of Ohio, to and
into the said State of Pennsylvania, and thence
by the most advantageous and practicable route
to the city of Pittsburg in said State of Penn
sylvania, and to establish said road as a mili-
tary, postal, and commercial railroad of the
United States.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. GAPuFIELD. I move to amend this
bill by adding the following:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That if any person
shall willfully do, orcause to be done,any act or acts
whatever whereby any building, structure, or other
work, or any engine, car, or machine, or other prop-
erty appertaining to the railroad so to bo constructed
shall bo injured, impaired, destroyed, or stopped,
the person or persons so offending shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor, and, on conviction thereof by any
court of competent jurisdiction, shall be punished
by fine not less than $1,000 nor more than $5,000, or
by imprisonment not less than one year nor more
than five years, or both, at the discretion of the
court, and shall also forfeit and pay to the parties
aforesaid, their associates, successors, or assigns,
double the amount of damages sustained by means
of such offenses, to be recovered by the parties afore-
said, with costs of suit, by action of debt or case.
Sue. 10. And be it further enacted. That if any suit
or proceeding, either in law or equity, or any crimi-
nal prosecution, shall be commenced in any State
court against the said Cleveland and Mahoning Com-
pany, its successors or assigns, or any person author-
ized or employed by said company, for any act done
or omitted to be done in and about the construction
and use of the railroad hereby authorized under and
by virtue of this act, or to restrain, by injunction or
otherwise, the construction, completion, or operation
of the said railroad, or for any damages growing out
of tho use of the same, or construction thereof, and
the defendant shall, at the time of entering hig ap-
pearance, or within thirty days thereafter, in such
courts in said action or proceeding, file a petition,
stating tho facts and verified by affidavits, for the
removal of the cause for the trial at the next circuit
court of the United States to be holden in the district
where such suit or prosecution is pending, and offer
good and sufficient security for his filing in such cir-
cuit court, on tho first day of its next session, copies
of the process and other proceedings against him in
such State court, and also for his appearing in such
circuit court, and entering special bail in the cause
of proceeding, (if special bail was originally required
therein,) it then shall be tho duty of the State court
to accept the security, and proceed no further in the
cause or prosecution; and the bail that shall have
been originally taken in such State court shall be
discharged. And upon such copies being filed as
aforesaid, in such circuit court of the United States,
tho cause or prosecution shall procecd therein in the
same manner as if it had been brought in such circuit
court, whatever may be the amount in dispute or the
damage claimed, or whatever may be tho citizenship
of the parties, any law to the contrary notwithstand-
ing. And any attachment of the goods or the estate
of the defendant by original process from such State
court shall hold the goods and estate so attached to
answer the final judgment, in the same manner as by
the laws of such State they would have been holden
to answerlinal judgment had it been rendered in the
court in which the suit or prosecution was com-
menced; and from any final judgment rendered in
any such suit or prosecution by such circuit courts, a
writ of error shall lie to the Supreme Court of the
United States, whatever may be the amount of such
judgment, any law to the contrary notwithstanding. I
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not propose to de-
bate the amendments which have been offered
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
to this bill in detail. The bill embraces many
novel features in congressional legislation. But
I wish to make this suggestion to my colleague,
[Mr. Garfield,] that inasmuch as there are
many important features embraced in this bill
which in my judgment affect directly the rights
of the States, I hope he will allow this bill to
go to the Committee of the Whole, in order
that it may be fully discussed and argued be-
fore final action is taken on it. I hope that
the gentleman will do that.
There is another bill of a similar character,
embracing the precise features of this bill, and
in every essential feature it strikes down the
right of domain in every State in this Union. I
do not propose to stand here as the advocate of
the rights of the State of Pennsylvania, or the
right of the State of Maryland, nor do I propose
to set myself up as the special advocate of my
own State; but, sir, this bill involves principles
which must affect every State in this Union.
I do not believe that the time has yet arrived
when this Congress is willing to declare that
it possesses sovereign rights over every State
in every particular of which the States have
heretofore exercised exclusive control.
Why, sir, my colleague told us yesterday that
the bill now under consideration confers no
corporate powers upon this corporation.
Mr. GARFIELD. I did not say that. I said
it conferred no powers beyond those already
embraced in the charter of the company.
Mr. LE BLOND. No corporate powers ex-
cept in one particular, was his statement. Very
well, sir ; it being conceded that it does confer
corporate rights in one particular, then, I ask,
if Congress possesses the right to confer cor-
porate powers in one particular, has it not the
right to confer such powers in two particulars?
And if it can confer corporate powers in two
particulars, has it not the right to grant every
essential power necessary to create an immense
corporation, extending its vast power through-
out the length and breadth of this Government?
The bill confers the power to appropriate pri-
vate property for the use of the company. It
also confers power upon the company to com-
pel the claimant of property taken who refuses
to accept the amount tendered by the company
in full satisfaction for his land taken by said
company to seek redress in the Federal courts
at a cost that denies justice.
It does confer additional corporate powers
beyond what is granted in the charter under
which they were organized. In point of fact it
creates the corporation. It takes it in its power-
less condition, as admitted by my colleague,
[Mr. Garfield,] and gives it vitality to act,
which is, in point of fact, creating it.
This bill strikes down the rights of the States.
It is the entering wedge for the establishment
of a principle that will enable its advocates to
establish a centralized Government. I admon-
ish members that, before giving their support
to_ any of these propositions emanating from
this committee which has transcended the
powers conferred upon it in its creation, they
should ponder well the results or they may
assist in establishing a principle that will to-
tally destroy the rights of every State of this
Union. This committee was created a select
committee on a military and postal railroad
from Washington to New York, but are en-
larging their powers and are trying to help out
every road that has met with difficulty in their
enterprise.
If all that is claimed by my colleague [Mr.
Garfield] relative to the intervention of the
State authorities of Pennsylvania be true, still
they have their legal rights and can enforce
them in the courts. They can carry on their
road to completion without coming here for
relief.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. LE BLOND. If the gentleman will
allow me a few moments longer 
Mr. GARFIELD. I have promised a por-
tion of my time to several other gentlemen;
and my colleague will please be as brief as
possible.
Mr. LE BLOND. I will.
Now, Mr. Speaker, where does the gentle-
man find any warrant for the exercise by Con-
gress of the power to legislate in the manner
provided for in this bill? He says that this
road is to be used by the Government for postal
and military purposes. It would seem as if
he acknowledged that none of the ordinary
powers of Congress are sufficient to warrant
the enactment of such alaw as this; and hence,
availing himself of the extensive use of the
military power within the last five years, he
throws into each one of these bills a provision
reserving to the Government of the United
States the power to use these roads for military
and postal purposes as a justification for what
he proposes to do.
That reservation cannot confer the power.
Our postal facilities are ample without it, and
the power to establish post roads does not con-
fer power to create railroad corporations with
power to appropriate private property for their
use and to override the State courts. Neither
does the power to establish military roads con-
fer this power. The war being over the neces-
sity of military roads is over.
Why, sir, never in the history of the Govern-
ment until the present period was it imagined
that the Congress of the United States had the
power to establish railroads and wagon roads
for military purposes, except when, in time of
war, necessity requires that such roads should
be built. In time of peace this power has
never been exercised. It is a power granted
simply for the purpose of enabling the Gov-
ernment to build military roads in time of war,
when the States decline or neglect to exercise
their power in this respect. But now, sir, it is
proposed that this power shall be exercised in
time of peace, for the purpose of benefiting
private corporations.
It i3 claimed by the advocates of this bill
that the construction of this road is necessary
to meet the wants of the public. Sir, I would
ask the gentleman whether every road that is
built throughout the length and breadth of the
land is not a public necessity. But because a
railroad is a public necessity does that confer
upon Congress the constitutional power to
establish it as a military road and override the
right of the States to determine such matters
for themselves?
It is urged, as a further reason why we should
exercise this extraordinary power, that the
State of Pennsylvania is averse to the estab-
lishment of these different roads. Suppose
this be true ; does the fact that Pennsylvania
objects to the establishment of railroads in her
State confer upon Congress the power to estab-
lish such roads ? Sir, such power does not exist
in this Congress, and whatever may be the pol-
icy of the State of Pennsylvania it cannot con-
fer the power. _ If it be exercised in this case,
we shall establish a principle which will author-
ize Congress to regulate all the internal con-
cerns of the various States of the Union.
This principle, carried to its logical conse-
quences, would authorize Congress to control
marriages, to control the appointment of guard-
ians, administrators, &c., to regulate, in a word,
all the local affairs of the respective States.
For one, I protest against this system of usurp-
ing the power of the States, and I ask mem-
bers to consider well the effect of these two
bills before they assist in establishing a prin-
ciple so broad and dangerous in its character.
My colleague having indulged me in my
