1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2923
remarks thus far, I will not trespass further
upon his courtesy.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I do not
wish to raise any question as to the constitu-
tional right of Congress to authorize companies
to construct railroads. Without having care-
fully examined the subject, I am inclined to
believe that we have this power; but I am
opposed to this method of exercising it. The
gentleman proposes to excreise that power in
the same way that he complains Pennsylvania
and other States have exercised it—to author-
ise particular persons or a particular company
by a mere power of vote. I believe that is his
word as reported in the Globe; by the mere
power of vote to authorize the favorites of Con-
gress to construct a road in particular places.
Now, the gentleman complains of Pennsylvania
for doing that very thing, and yet he asks us to
do it here. If we have the power, if the com-
mittee has come to the conclusion that we have
the power to control railroad franchises, let us
exercise it in a way not inconsistent with the
interests of the people. Let us j)ass a general
law on the subject; do notauthorize ourfriends
to establish a particular road or a particular
track, but authorize the American people to
establish roads wherever they may see fit, where
ever they think it will pay, or the public inter-
est may require them.
The gentleman says Pennsylvania would not
give the privilege. Is not that some evidence
it ought not to be granted ? The gentleman
says his own patriotic State of Ohio would not
grant the privilege. Is not that some evidence
it ouglit not to be granted?
Mr. GARFIELD. I said no such thing. I
referred to the portion which lies in the State
of Pennsylvania. The State of Ohio has
granted the right to the portion in that State,
and most of it has been built.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The people of my State
may have been wrong in refusing this; but the
fact they have refused is some evidence to me
that they were right. If the gentleman wants
to avoid the very difficulty, the very wrong
rather, which he charges upon the State of
Pennsj lvania, let this committee bring in a bill
which will authorize anybody to make a road
anywhere.
Mr. GARFIELD. I now yield five min-
utes of time to the gentleman from Pittsburg,
[Mr. Moorhead.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, I was
somewhat astonished at the closing remark of
my colleague, that the proper way would be for
this committee to bring in a bill to authorize
any company to make a road anywhere. Hav-
ing been a Democrat a great many years, and
my friend from Lancaster [Mr. Stevens] think-
ing my Democratic principles still slick to me,
I have doubts about the authority of Congress.
I think we have power to grant a remedy where
roads running from one State to another, under
charters granted by these respective States, are
interfered with by either one of them from in-
terested motives or through influences brought
to bear in any particular way, to annul the grant.
I think Congress has the right to step in and
afford a remedy and confirm the rights to the
people. That is the case here. The Pittsburg
and Fort Wayne railroad passes through four
different States. It has been chartered by the
States of Pennsylvania, Indiana, Ohio, and
Illinois. If any one of these States should
interfere with that road, I think it would be
proper for Congress to step in and say '' Hands
off! This road shall be permitted to go on."
That is the case here.
Here was a charter granted by the Legisla-
ture of Ohio and a charter granted by the Le-
gislature of Pennsylvania for the construction
of these roads or this road. The Pennsylva-
nia charter has been repealed after the Ohio
portion of the road had been completed, or
nearly so, and now the company very properly
come to Congress, not to establish a new cor-
poration, not to authorize a new road, but that
these parties shall go on and build their road
as was intended under the original charter. I
feel it my duty to say that the constituency I
have the honor to represent have never before
been wrought up to so high a pitch of excite-
ment as now on the subject of a free railroad
law. They want the State of Pennsylvania to
pass such a law. I have received the proceed-
ings of meetings in Pittsburg and Beaver, and
the people instruct their members in the Le-
gislature to vote for a free railroad law. Why
this great excitement about a free railroad
law ? It is because these companies chartered
by different States have been interfered with.
I am sorry to say that the State of Pennsylvania
has interfered with them, and the people are
determined there shall be a free railroad law,
so that companies may run in any direction.
I think this bill is eminently proper, and I
hope it will pass, as well as the one reported
yesterday.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. O'Neill.]
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Speaker, I am sur-
prised at a remark which fell from my col-
league from the Pittsburg district, [Mr. Mook-
iiead. ] I understood him to say that the State
of Pennsylvania by her legislation had sought
to interfere with the construction of railroads
running into or through that State. Does the
gentleman forget that Pennsylvania has given
time and again the right of way to railroad
companies incorporated by States adjoining
her? Does he forget that she gave the New
York and Erie railroad the right to run through
a portion of the State even before her great
line of railroad connecting Philadelphia and
Pittsburg was finished, and before connecting
her eastern and western borders or extending
her communications with the West and North-
west ?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I do not forget, either,
that she has taken back that grant in violation
of chartered rights.
Mr. O'NEILL. I only wanted to show the
House 
Mr. UPSON. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. O'NEILL. I decline to yield. I only
wanted to show the House that the policy of
Pennsylvania has been liberal in the extreme to
her sister States. She also permitted the New
York and Erie railroad to run through her north-
eastern corner, in Susquehanna county long
before she finished her great line from the Del-
aware to the Ohio, and granted the right of way
to railroads of New York, or in the interests of
New York, to run through the county of Erie.
She has also dealt generously with the State of
Maryland, having given her Northern Central
road the right to run into her coal regions unim-
peded. And my colleague from the Lancaster
district [Mr. Stevexs] complains because the
House hesitates to incorporate a charter for the
Connellsville railroad, an unfinished part of
wliieh is to run from that Si ate into ours. Did not
Pennsylvania permit the State of Maryland to
build her railroad along the west bank of the
Susquehanna in competition and rivalry with
our roads? Sir, Pennsylvania has been ex-
tremely liberal to her neighboring States, and
intends to be so as long as they comply with the
provisions of her enactments.
But my friend from Ohio [Mr. Garfielp]
stigmatizes as narrow and contracted this legis-
lation of our State restricting railroads, pre-
venting them from running through her terri-
tory. Does he not remember that the States
of Ohio and Pennsylvania fought together to
prevent the building of the Wheeling bridge?
Does Ohio now, only because it suits her pres-
ent policy, wish to convince the House that she
has never endeavored to prohibit the corpora-
tions of other States from coming into com-
petition with her own companies? The time is
too recent when she wished to cherish her own
railroads and to save them from the loss of
trade which rivals might have carried off before
her numerous lines were fully under way. I
repeat it, all those privileges to which I have
adverted wcro given by Pennsylvania to neigh-
boring States long before she had completed
her great lines of railroad.
Now, to come to the case before tis. The
Cleveland and Mahoning Railroad Company
was chartered in the State of Ohio in 1848, with
a provision that it should be organized within
three years and completed within seven years
from the date of its charter. The parties
interested in the building of that road at that
time, as I am led to believe from the provisions
of a bill subsequently passed by the Ohio
Legislature, did not even organize their com-
pany. Hence in three years after the charter
was granted, it expired by neglect, and had to
be reenacted into existence; afterward these
parties came to the Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania, and in the year 1853 obtained an act of
incorporation for their company in the precise
words of the Ohio charter of 1848, with the
privilege of extending the road into her ter-
ritory. But the Pennsylvania act contained
the same provision as was in the Ohio act of
incorporation which required that the railroad
company should be organized within three
years and completed and finished within seven,
as appears by the preamble to the Pennsyl-
vania act of 1853. Now, tlie State of Penn-
sylvania did not demand that that enactment
should be repealed until fourteen years had
elapsed since the original charter of the Cleve-
land and Mahoning road had been granted in
Ohio, and not for eleven years after the passage
of her own act of 1853.
Sir, there is a misapprehension in regard to
this matter. The State of Pennsylvania by
her constitution has the power to add to, alter,
or amend her laws, provided no rights of indi-
viduals are invaded. There is such a provis-
ion in almost every charter and almost every
act of the Legislature giving privileges or fran-
chises to corporations, and it does not come
with a good grace from the Representatives of
a State to one of whose railroad companies
powers and franchises have been given in per-
fect faith to proclaim here that the Legislature
of Pennsylvania would do a wrong or abridge
a right, while that company has never as yet,
at least beyond the soil of its own State, com-
plied with any of the terms of its charter.
Mr. Speaker, if I had time to read the act
of 18G4 repealing the charter of this company,
in which the reasons for the repeal are set
forth, it would be seen that it never commenced
to build its road in the State of Pennsylvania,
and I believe did not even commence, much
less complete, the survey. My impression is
that other projects failing, and other connec-
tions being impracticable, the road was deliber-
ately stopped at tlie eastern line of the State
of Ohio, and the legislation of Pennsylvania
entirely disregarded and set at defiance. To
show the good feeling of her Legislature, during
the very same session of 1853 an act was passed
to deprive of certain privileges a county which
promised a subscription to the Ohio company
and had failed to pay it. The noble old Com-
monwealth deals out even-handed justice to all,
and will nQt let her own citizens, in the viola-
tion of law and promises, escape her condem-
nation.
Now, I say, for good reasons the State of
Pennsylvania repealed this charter. She had
a right to repeal it. She did it upon sufficient
grounds, and those grounds are stated in the
repealing act. The charter provided that cer-
tain things should be done which had not been
done; not a mile of the road had been built
and not a mile surveyed, and even now this
company does not mean to build the road, as
originally intended, through Lawrence county.
It asks now to be allowed to get to Pittsburg
by any route it chooses to admit, so as to save
sixteen miles. The State of Pennsylvania did
right to revoke this charter. No one can com-
plain of it. It was done in open day. There
is the law upon her statute-book. There are
the reasons for it set forth. I rise here only
to defend the course of the Commonwealth in
this matter and to assert that she has a right
to confer franchises upon such corporations as
