i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
point which I omitted to notice in the remarks
which I submitted this morning.
It is not true that the rejection of the vote of
Hamilton township would elect the contestant,
unless after rejecting it you count all the addi-
tional votes that were claimed in the other
townships, and also count those votes in Ham-
ilton township which it is claimed the contest-
ant has proved. Now, Iinsist, and I believe the
position cannot be controverted that after de-
claring the election in Hamilton township null
and "void, to go on and make a new election
from the proof in the case, and to allow to the
contestant the votes he may thus prove, is a
departure from every principle and precedent
of the law.
I maintain, also, that it is a departure from
the pleadings in the ease. The specifications
of the contestant allege that on account of
frauds the election in Hamilton township was
null and void. If it was null and void, then
the case stands in the same way as if no elec-
tion had been held there; and it is contrary to
every principle of law to count the votes of any
voters, legal or otherwise, unless an election
was held.
N ow, if the gentleman will allow me, I will
make one other remark. I have been absent
from the House during the last hour. I under-
stand that the obligation of secresy as regards
the proceedings of the committee has been re-
moved by the House, and that the gentlemen
of the committee have been called on to state
what occurred there. I have been asked by
friends around me to state my understand-
ing of the facts; and if it is no departure from
the 
Mr. DAWES. Before I yield further to the
gentleman on that point I will put an interrog-
atory to him. I would like to inquire of him,
inasmuch as the sitting member has very po-
litely told me that it is none of my business,
whether he is the member of the committee
who disclosed the action of the committee to
the sitting member or anybody else ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I will state frankly every-
thing which occurred. I have no concealment
to make of my conduct here or elsewhere.
Soon after the action of the committee I heard
it rumored all over the House what that action
was. I was approached by diffgrent members,
and among others by the sitting member. I
understood there was a rule of the committee
or a rule of the House which prevented me
from making any disclosure. I heard one of
the members of the Committee having a con-
ference with Colonel Washburn in regard to
this matter. Ho asked him if he had heard of
the action of the committee, and Qolonel
Washburn said that he had. He then asked
him if he was alarmed about it, and he said
that he was not. I passed on and did not hear
any more. Everybody was talking of the ac-
tion of the committee ; it was in all the news-
papers ; and I did notfeelthat I was precluded
from speaking about what already seemed so
very well known. If I have violated any rule
of the House, I regret it, but I am certain it
is a common practice to disregard this rule,
and it has been done by others in this case,
and that before I did.
Mr. DAWES. No one treats the committee
with more regard than the gentleman, and I
wish he would disturb them a little more than
ho has done. He treats them with a great deal
of regard; but I would say to him in all kind-
ness that he does not come near us as often as
I would wish.
Mr. MARSHALL. It is true I may not have
attended the meetings of the committee as regu-
. larly as 1 ought to have done. My health has
been such that I have been unable promptly to
discharge all of the duties which have been im-
posed upon me. If the gentleman has no
objection I will say another word.
Mr. DAWES. I have none.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to state right
here I have a high regard for the gentleman
from Massachusetts, the chairman, and for all
the members of the committee. They have
treated me with great personal kindness, and I
have no charges to make against them. I have
no disposition to insinuate they are governed
more by partisan feelings than all men are
unconsciously in matters of this kind. It is
human nature notwithstanding all the efforts
you may make as honest men. I have the
highest regard for the committee; but as the
facts of the case have been called for, I must
say that on the first calling of the ease every
gentleman on the committee voted for Mr.
V oorhees except the chairman himself. These
things are before the committee, and if they
are thrown open they will be found as I have
stated them. As I have already said, I made
no statement in regard to the action of the
committee until after I heard it made the sub-
ject of conversation everywhere throughout the
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Was it a vote reserving
the final action for another occasion?
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir ; it was a vote
directly on the matter called up for the pur-
pose of determining it. This is the simple
fact, and in stating it I do not propose to make
any charge against any member of the com-
mittee. I know in matters of this kind men
are liable to have their minds influenced with-
out being aware of it. The fact is before the
country; and I have made the statement only
because I have been called upon by friends
around me to do so.
Mr. DAWES. I "was about to ask the at-
tention of the House to the evidence in the
case, omitting a charge, to which I beg to call
the attention of gentlemen, that the majority of
the committee, in making this report to unseat
the sitting member, were actuated by a desire
to secure a vote for their side, that they were
actuated by political considerations, and in sup-
port of that charge an expression of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has
been quoted—an expression which was made
during the discussion of the last contested-
election case upon which the House voted. It
was said he remarked that, in view of the
peculiar circumstances which he thought had
lately transpired, he urged upon the House,
as a reason why they should vote in a certain
way, we needed every vote we pould obtain.
That was urged as evidence why the House
was about to unseat the sitting member and
put in the contestant, forgetting or omitting
to state that the House had voted with the
majority of the Committee of Elections against
the gentleman from Pennsylvania by a very
large vote ; that the House had voted against
him, notwithstanding the construction which
he had advanced, and that the committee had
reported in favor of a political opponent. On
that occasion, notwithstanding the House had
heard from the gentleman from Pennsylvania
what the sitting member has construed into an
exhortation to this House to give the seat to a
particular man, the House refused, after a fair
consideration of the remarks of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, to respond to them by a
majority of thirty.
Sir. Stevens, i was not in when the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. VooriiBes] alluded
to me, but from what I learned I desire to state
that I voted in accordance with what in my
judgment clearly gave to Mr. Koontz the right
to a seat. I then said that I had been more
I earnest than usual perhaps in the matter, in-
1 asmuch as at this moment every vote which
was fairly ours should be considered. I gave
it as no reason why we should vote in that way
at all, but as a reason why I had ventured to
intermingle the debate with some warmth.
Mr. DAWES. Now, sir, I made no use of
. the gentleman's remarks in the way in which
| they have been used by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Vookhees,] but I was vindica-
ting the majority of this House as well as the
committee from any such insinuation. It was
most unkind on the part of the gentleman from
Indiana to make it against the chairman of
this committee with whom he has served four
} years on the committee, and whom he has seen
j time and again, in his efforts to maintain the
I rights of a political opponent in this House,
voted down, by his own party friends. It was
unkind to make the insinuation against the old
members of the committee, and certainly it wag
equally untrue as to the new ones. But least
of all has he a right to make it, who knows the
facts here, who knows that, time and again,
whether right or wrong, the chairman of this
committee has struggled in,this House against
political friends and in support of what he
thought was the right of political opponents.
I may- have been wrong, and the majority of
the House has often thought I was wrong, and
has so voted; but he at least who. is respon-
sible for this report should not be charged by
a _ colleague who has_ helped to make them,
with having brought in a report here actuated
by the motive of giving a seat to a political
friend that properly belongs to a political op-
ponent.
But I was remarking, before this digression,
upon the fact that there was one township con-
fessed by the judges themselves to have had its
ballot-boxes invaded and broken up in their
absence. They were compelled to confess it,
and yet the sitting member takes no notice qf
the fact in his argument, being as indifferent
as his own inspector tried to be when he was
Eut upon the stand and under oath about it.
et me read what the inspector was compelled
to sign eight days after the election by the pub-
lic sentiment in the town in which he lived.
Here is a card, dated October 19, 1864:
" We the undersigned, judges and clerks of the eleo-
tion held at the court-house in Sullivan on the 11th day
of October, 1864, in view of the frauds alleged to havo
been perpetrated, and in justice to ourselves, avail
ourselves of this the first opportunity offered to mako
the following statement:
"Of the frauds charged we know nothing. We saw
no act of impropriety by any member of the board
while in session; but that we are satisfied in our own
minds that such charges arenotwithout foundation."
Whether these men really knew they were
signing a paper charging themselves with fraud
at some other time when they were in session
I will not say; but they do.
"And we have such opinion upon the following cir-
cumstance, to which we are willing at any and all
times to be qualified: at the adjournment of the board
for supper, which was about dusk, wo had counted
out between fifteen and twenty tickets, which were
strung on a string prepared for that purpose. The
string of tickets was placed in the ballot-box on top
of the uncounted tickets. The poll-books and tally-
papers were then placed on top of the tickcts, the box
locked and set on a table in one corner of the room."
There were three or four hundred uncounted
tickets at the bottom. Then they went out
and left things in that condition.
"When the board met, after supper, the ballot-box
was unlocked in our presence by the inspector, the
tally-papers and poll-books taken out, butthe string
of countcd tickets could not be seen."
It further appears that nobody else could
unlock the ballot-box, although the inspector
gave the key to somebody else.
"The inspector turned to the table in the corner of
the room to search for it, and while thus engaged we
found the string of tickets in the ballot-box com-
pletely covercd by uncounted tickets. We arc satis-
fied that the string of tickets could not have got to
the bottom of the ballot-box without the same being
opened in our absence and the tickets handled.
"Respectfully submitted.
PORTER BURKS,
JAMES A. BEARD,
Judges.
BATTEL LAjSGDOJf,
BENJAMIN HAVENS,
Clerics."
Now, the inspector adds to this, as follows:
Octobcr 19,1864.
I hereby certify that I believe the above state-
ment to be correct. When the box was opened after
suppor, I took out the poll-books and tally-papers,
but could not find the string of tickets. Supposing
they had been left out, I turned to look for them;
meantime they were found in the box. It is evident
that they were moved while the board was adjourned
Respectfully, W. C. GRIFFITH,
inspector.
Now, it is true that they called him on to
the stand sometime afterwards, when the seat
was contested, and then he tapered off; it did
not make any impression on him then any more
than upon the sitting member.
Now, upon this hangs the whole question of
the right of the sitting member to a seat. It
did not occur to some of the members of the
committee upon first considering the matter,
