1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to it. It is this: the gentleman from Kentucky
charged that the gentleman from Iowa had
said in his place in the House that he did not
know whether the gentleman from Kentucky
had fought on the Union side during the war
or on the rebel side. Whereas the gentleman
really said, "I Qare not whether the gentle-
man was four years in the war on the Union
side or four years on the other side; but I
say he degraded his State and uttered a senti-
ment I thought unworthy an American officer."
Now, I think that gentlemen have not been
exactly correct in their comments on that pas-
sage. It is quite a different thing to say, "I
do not care whether you fought on the Union
side or not," from saying, "It makes no dif-
ference to my present argument whether you
fought on the Union side or on the rebel side."
Now, I hold that the remarks of the gentle-
man from Iowa had precisely the latter scope
and meaning. He had stated as his opinion
that a certain sentiment uttered by the gentle-
man from Kentucky was a disgrace to that
gentleman's State, and a disgrace to himself,
whereupon General Smith, of Kentucky, said
he did not think his colleague ever used the
words imputed to him, and called attention to
the fact that his colleague fought four years in
the Union Army. It was in response to that
remark that the gentleman from Iowa said
what I have referred to, and I think I have ac-
curately stated the scope and purport of his
remark. I do not believe that it can be fairly
inferred that he did not care whether General
Roosseau fought on the Union or rebel side.
It was simply a declaration that the whole
question of fighting on the one side or the
other was not pertinent to the subject then in
debate.
The gentleman from Kentucky, in reopening
this conflict of personalities between himself
and the gentleman from Iowa, on the 11th of
June, also made another misrepresentation.
He declared that the gentleman from Iowa had
called him an unworthy member, and a dis-
grace to his State, because he had declared
that he would defend his family against the
agents of the Freedmen's Bureau. This is
clearly misrepresentation, as the record in the
Globe already quoted shows. After having
made these two palpable misrepresentations
he proceeds to say that what the gentleman
from Iowa had uttered in the House in Feb-
ruary was not only false, but that he did not
suppose there was a member on the floor who
believed a word that tbe gentleman said. And
he went on to say that the gentleman himself
knew that it was not true ; and ho concluded
by saying that the gentleman, in what he had
said, had not degraded his State—for he could
not degrade her—but that he had degraded
himself. Four monthsand three days after the
first controversy had closed, with about equal
credit to both parties, the gentleman from Ken-
♦ tucky not only reopens it by two palpable mis-
representations of what had been said by the
gentleman from Iowa, but he goes on to declare
that every member knew it was false ; that the
gentleman himself knew it was false, and that
he degraded himself in saying so.
Suppose Mr. Speaker, that the gentleman
from Iowa had answered not a word, but had
applied to the House to pass a vote of censure
on the gestleman from Kentucky for this per-
sonal, slanderous assault, is there a member
of this House who would not have felt com-
pelled to vote, if not for a censure, at least for
a most marked disapprobation of the conduct
of the gentleman from Kentucky ? Gentlemen
say it was a terrible thing for the gentleman
from Iowa to impute cowardice to the gentle-
man from Kentucky and assail his military
record. I beg them to remember that to be
a man is far greater than to be a general; that
to be a man is far greater than to be a legislator;
that the man is greater than the office, and that
one's manhood is of far more consequence than
hij professional reputation. I had a thousand
times rather be charged with being a failure in
the military profession, a failure as a legislator,
a failure as a lawyer, a failure in all my official
relations, than to be charged with being a fail-
ure as a man.
Now, when a. man is told on the floor of
the House that he is a falsifier, and that every
body, himself included, knows he is a falsifier,
what, I ask, can be said more offensive ? Sting-
ing under this reproach, smarting under this
charge, the gentleman from Iowa attempted to
make an explanation at the moment, and the
privilege of doing so was denied him by the
gentleman from Kentucky, who proceeded with
that portion of his speech which I have quoted.
When he had concluded, the gentleman from
Iowa obtained the floor and responded to the
attack as follows: *
" Mr. Grinnell. Mr. Speaker, it is with the great-
est reluctance that Iriseto say anything which might
seem personal. I have been a member of this House
for three sessions, and in all that time I have had no
personal controversy save with the member from Ken-
tucky, and no unkind feeling toward any person in
the House. I claim to be a man of peace, and to de-
mean myself as becomes a gentleman. But, sir, when
any man, I care not whether h<Htands six feet high,
whether he wears buff and assumes the air of a cer-
tain bird that has a more than usual extremity of tail,
wanting in the other extremity, says that he would
not believe what I utter, I will say that I was never
called to stand under an imputation of that charac-
ter in the company of gentlemen.
" The gentleman begins courting sympathy by sus-
taining the President of the United States prepara-
tory to his assault upon.me. Now, sir, if he is a de-
fender of the President of the United States, all I
have to say is, God save tbe President from such an
incoherent, brainless defender, equal in valor in civil
and in military lifel His military record! Who has
read it? In what volume of history is it found?
"Some time ago the gentleman asked some of us,
' What did you do in therebellionbutmakespeeches?'
And he told us that he was in the field and got some
little reputation with half-way secession Kentucky.
But where was he in any groat light? Ask General
Grant or any of the leading officers. Where was he
in the great fights ? Ask General Grant if you want
his private opinion about him. Go to the general offi-
cers: and since he has alluded to Iowa, I will give the
opinion of a leading officer from that State, for not
two weeks ago he told me thatwhen there wasanoise
in camp the men said it was either a rabbitor General
Rousseau. He the defender of the soldiers of Iowa I
Sir, they want no such defender; they want none of
his defense. He has not led them in the battle, and
it is all pretense; it is the merest mockery; it is the
merest trickery, the merest blowing of his own horn,
for him to say that he led our soldiers. Where was
the deadly hail when they were under his command?
But he comes here to traduce a humble person like
myself. In the first place, he charged me with say-
ing what I never did say. When he went down to
make a speech to the Fenians in Now York he is re-
ported to have said this: 'As I said on the floor of
Congress on one occasion, as a fling was made at
my native State by a pitiable politician from Iowa.
[Hisses.] You will excuse me for giving his name,
but I believe it was one Grinnell.'
" It was ' one Grinnell' that be alluded^ to. But I
never made any fling at Kentucky. That is my name.
I am so called and so known where I live. But that
is not all. lie was not content with usingmy name,
but he refers to the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] in these terms: 'I say that
man is a miscie.mt, and I cannot find words to ex-
press my disgust and contempt for him.' To whom
does that relate? To a member of this House! And
here he stands up, six feet and over, calling himself
a buttoncd-up general officer.
" Mr. Harding, of Illinois. Is this sort of debate
in order?
"The Speaker. The gentleman from Iowa had
permission to make a personal explanation. _ If the
gentleman raises the question as to personalities, the
Chair will decide it. ,
" Mr. Rousseau. Shall I be held responsible for
newspaper reports ?
" The Speaker. The Chair cannot answer that
question.
" Mr. Banks. I do not understand that m giving
consent to the gentleman from Iowa, the House gave
consent to him to make personal allusions, which are
not justified by the rules of the House. _
"The Speaker. They do not; but it is the rule,
as the gentleman well knows, having occupied the
chair himself, that when leave is granted to a mem-
ber to make a personal explanation, the Chair does
not check personalities, but waits for some member
to make the point of order. t ,
" Mr. Baxics. I understand the gentleman s privi-
lege to be to state what he regards necessary to ex-
plain his own position.
" The Speaker. If the gentleman from Massachu-
setts makes the point of order on the gentleman from
Iowa, the Chair will decide it.
" Mr. Basks. I do make the point of order.
"TheSPEiKER. The Chair sustains the point of
order, and decides that the remarks of the gentleman
from Iowa are personal and out of order.
" Mr. Grixxell. Mr. Speaker, this is a.pamful ex-
position. Bur I am not responsible for it. When I
make an assault I expect to receive an assault in
return. 1 have never assaulted my equals and asso-
ciates, and therefore I am not in the habit of receiv-
ing assaults in return. I have never risen here to
question the integrity or doubt the veracity of any
gentleman on this floor: and but for the fact that my
pcr&onai integrity was assailed and that my words
were misquoted I would not have risen here to-day.
I have alluded to what was said in regard to me. The
gentleman remarked that he did not care a fig about
what I said; but when he goes and proclaims the
matter in a great city, in the presence of thousands
of people, I conclude that he does not rest altogether
well satisfied under the well-proven charge of having
declared that he would shoot an officer of the United
States, on duty, under certain circumstances. And
thfen the member whines off with a woman's plea,
taking refuge under feminine skirts, as a certain
other gentleman in rebeldom went off in disguise.
" The "Speaker. The Chair thinks the remarks of
the gentleman are out of order.
" Mr. Grinnell. I have nothing further to say."
In trying thus to defend himself, and repel
the assault made upon him, he committed a
most grave mistake for himself as an individual,,
and a most grave and unpardonable violation
of the privileges of the House. In short, the
gentleman from Iowa put himself precisely on
the same plane with his assailant; and by mu-
tual criminations and recriminations they both
violated the rules and privileges of the House.
Now, I will say that I do not accept the state-
ment made a dozen times on the floor of the
House, tha.t the gentleman from Iowa charged
the gentleman from Kentucky with cowardice.
I do not so read the record. I affirm that he
did not charge him with cowardice. I admit
that the whole tone and temper of his remarks
were in contempt of the military record of
General Rousseau, and in the highest degree
offensive to him as a man of honor and of mil-
itary reputation ; but I deny that he charged
him with cowardice.
And now, Mr, Speaker, I come to a point
to which I desire for a moment the attention
of the House—a point which has been made
by four or five gentleman who have spoken
on this question—namely, the suggestion that
General Rousseau's offense is palliated by
the fact that the House did not protect him,
and therefore he was left to do as he said he
would do, protect himself. I meet that by
denying the allegation; I meet it by the state-
ment that the House did protect him, that it
gave him all the protection he or his friends
asked for, and more than they asked for. In
introducing this question of protection I desire
to say a word concerning the action of the
Speaker on that occasion. His course has
been criticised by several gentlemen here ; and
I was surprised to hear my colleague, the chair-
man of the select committee, [Mr. Spalding,]
express his dissatisfaction with the course of
the Speaker on that occasion. His remarks
are reported in the Globe as follows:
"Imeplyto the gentleman I say, that if I could
find myself in a mood which would enable me, after
the history of the gentleman from Kentucky in con-
nection with the Army, to charge him with coward-
ice or anything like cowardice, I would deem myself
worthy to be expelled from this House. I trust the
gentleman is satisfied with my answer.
"Sir, with all due respect, I go further, and I say
that this House looks at all times to its Presiding
Officer to exerciseavigilantcontroloverits proceed-
ings. It depends upon his knowledge of parliament-
ary law, his experience, his discretion, his judicious
use of that potent hammer which he holds in his
hand. At the first word uttered by any member m
disparagement of a fellow-member, that gavel should
sound iis reproof, and the member should be called
to order. Of this I have no manner of douot; and I
say it with all due respect. I state this, although I
know the Speaker has stated it is not the practiceof
the Chair to call to order when gentlemen have the
privilege of the House to make personal explana-
tions. I conceive it will be found to be correct par-
liamentary law that members of the House at all
times are under the authority of the Speaker, and
that it is his bounden duty to see that the utmost
courtesy prevails among members. If that be not
the parliamentary law, then we should take some
action to make it so."
N"ow, sir, I desire to say that the course of
the Speaker in matters of personal explana-
tion is, in my judgment, the correct one, and
the only one which, under the spirit and genius
of our Government, can be or ought to be tol-
erated. In other Governments, as in France,
for instance, the Speaker is, in some degree,
the organ of the administration. He is un-
derstood to be not only a conservator of order
generally, but particularly a defender of the
administration; and whenever my gentleman
upon the floor of the Corps L^gislatif says any-
thing that reflects upon the sovereign or upon
any of the heads of departments the Speaker
calls him down, and thus limits debate b}' his
