1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
but upon this ballot-box and correcting the
other returns* hangs the whole question of the
sitting member's right to the seat.
He swears that he
" gaw nothing to create any suspicion that the bal-
lot-box was tampered with, as the ballots and names
of voters balanced. Some few days after the election,
tho judges and clerks of said election called my atten-
tion *
What to? Not to the fact which they knew
on the day of election, that the ballot-box had
been opened by somebody; they did not call
his attention to that, which they knew on the
day of election; but they called his attention
"to the fears entertained by them of frauds being
practiced."
He had no alarm about anything but that.
He carried the key of tho ballot-box in his
pocket, and had given the judge another key,
although the law says that he shall give the judge
the key of the box. The judge, however, went
off with another key and left him with the key of
the ballot-box and "the box too. He goes on to
say:
*' Their grounds of alarm were, as stated by them,
that Mr. Iiaird found tho strung tickets under the
unstrung tickcls."
And then he goes on to relate it as he did
before. It did not seem to alarm him any more
than it has the sitting member.
Now, I submit that with all the solemn effort
ofthesittingmembertoimpressupontheHou.se,
not only that be is a martyr to his political prin-
ciple, but as resigned as any of the martyrs in
Fox's Book of Martyrs  
Mr. MA RSHALL. Will the gentleman allow
me a word here, and then L think 1 will not
inteinipi, Mm again? He knows that I have a
very high personal regard for him.
Instead of these gentlemen admitting that
they were guilty of fraud, they each and every
one upon oath deny it. k The honorable chair-
man of the committee says that in their certifi-
cate they did not seem to be conscious that
they were admitting that they had been guilty
of fraud. Sir, on their oaths, when introduced
as witnesses by the contestant, each and every
one of the members constituting the board de-
nied that they knew anyt hing in regard to frauds
perpetrated in that prccincl. or township. They
stale that they did not interfere with the ballot-
box, and know of no person who interfered
with it.
Mr. DAWKS. They say it was interfered
with.
Mr. MARSHALL. No; I denythat. They
do not say that. They say in that certificate
that the charge that it was interfered with was
not entirely destitute of foundation, and they
then go on and stale the premises on which
they base that conclusion; and it was simply
this, that they had already counted the strung
tickets, tif'ieen or seventeen, ami did not find
them in the precise condition they expected to
find them in, but they deny that they knew
anything of fraud having been perpetrated in
that, township.
Mr. DAWKS. T cannot complain of my
friend's interrupt ions, for he prefaces whatever
he says with his '• high regard " for me and
wheedles me out of a good deal of my time.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I will not repeat it any
mote.
Mr. DAWKS. I am very much obliged to
the gentleman.
|TIere the hammcrfcll.]
Mr. DAWKS. Let me have a few moments
more. [ Cries of "Go on!'']
The SPEAKER. 'The gentleman will pro-
ceed if there be no objection.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWKS. 1 do not say that these judges
of election committed fraud. 1 have not been
so understood, I think. I did not intend to be
so understood. I mean to say that they ex-
press in their card the unequivocal opinion and
assert the fact that there was fraud.
1 cannot do away with the suspicion which
keeps coming up in my mind that that inspector
kept the wrong key on purpose. But I admit
it has nothing to do with thelaerits of this
case, whether the fraud was committed by the
inspector or bysome one else. If the box was
opened and the tickets taken out, and the sa-
eredness of the ballot-box invaded, it makes
no difference to us here by whom it was done.
My friend from Illinois [Mr._ Marshall] says
they only expressed an opinion. I challenge
any member of the House to read the paper in
evidence, and then say that the committee did
not come to a correct conclusion in the matter.
And let me submit to the gentleman who
claims a martyr's robes this day, and calls the
attention of mankind to the resignation with
which ho wraps them around him hero in this
House and then walks out of it, that he claims
the right to a seat here upon the ground that
his political friends invaded the sacredness
of the ballot-box, and fitted it to the neces-
sities and exigencies of his case. Let him
put that on his martyr's robes and go out of
this House with it if he desires, unless he will
come back here and condescend to submit his
views upon that point.
He has sought to try the Committee of Elec-
tions before this House, and not to try his ease.
He has offered not one single word of explana-
tion or argument in'reply to this testimony
touching this ballot-box. It is a question of
fact for this House to pass upon, upon which
men have the right to differ; and I have no
doubt they will exercise it. Let me sum it up
in a few words. There have been testified to
by living witnesses 170 votes cast at one town-
ship, while there have been only 143 of them
counted. At another township there have been
30 votes testified to by those who east them,
and only 24 counted. At another 108 votes
were testified to and only 88 votes counted.
Now, all the answer to this is, that of this
number of voters there arc a certain number
that cannot write their names; and it is to bo
assumed that a man who does not write his
name does not know for whom he votes. It is
asking this House to say that because a witness
cannot write his name, therefore he cannot tes-
tify truly when he testifies that ho knows for
whom he voted. I am not one of those mem-
bers of this House who have declared by their
votes that the inability of a man to write his name
is no disqualification from voting. I think that
a voter ought at least to be able to write his name
and to read it, but there is no evidence here that
these men cannot read, and the fact is patent all
over the world that men can read who cannot
write. But whether they can read or not, tlicy
know what they did.
It is the last charge to come from men who
have voted on this floor that the inability to write
one's name is no disqualification of a voter.
And yet they ask this House to put alongside
of that vole another vote, that tho man who
could not write does not know for whom he
voted. Now, unless it is a fair conclusion in
the minds of members of this 1 louse that a man
who cannot, write his name does not know how
^c voted, then there is no question but what the
real vote was cast as I have stated, and shows
a majority for the contestant.
t do not believe that any member of the com-
mittee would be guilty of asking this House to
vototo unseat the sitting member unless he sol-
emnly believed that the majority of the votes
were for the contestant. I do not understand
how my colleague upon the committee [Mr.
Marshall] can consent to cooperate with a
committee which he believes guilty of any such
monstrous attempt as he seems to have charged.
The committee have heard the contestant and
the sitting member. They have considered
all the testimony that either of them expressed
any desire to present. The}' have excluded
nothing, not, one particle of testimony touching
either of these precincts that either the sitting
member or the contestant desired to submit.
They have heard the explanation of that evi-
dence. They have examined and reexamined
this case. And now all lhat can bo said against
it from any quarter whatever is summed up in
this, that a man who cannot write his name
does not know for whom he votes.
I submit that question to the House in the
form of the resolutions reported by the majority
of the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted, the
previous question having been seconded.
Mr. DAWES. I will retain the floor for one
moment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts a single question with
reference to this case. I am not clear in my
mind, from all the debate which has been had
on this subject, whether the whole vote of Ham-
ilton township was thrown out in the count, or
whether only the votes cast for Mr. Yoorhees
were thrown out, while those cast for the con-
testant were counted.
Mr. DAWES. The committee state the con-
clusion to which they come in two ways. First,
throwing out the vote of Hamilton township,
and also the vote of Riley township, where
votes were found under the carpet, and taking
all the votes proved by either party, and adding
them to their respective votes, the contestant is
elected by some 220 majority. In the second
place* by rejecting only the vote of Hamilton
township, because it is a confessed fraud, and
correcting the returns of the other three town-
ships by adding the votes proved, the contest-
ant is elected.
There is still another method by which the
contestant is shown to have been elected by a
majority of more than 50 votes, and that is in
conformity with the rule suggested by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] on
Wednesday last, although I do not think the
rule is a sound and a safe one to follow. I do
not think it right to disfranchise a single voter
in one of these precincts, because the election
officers have been guilty of fraud. I believe it
to be the duty of the committee to find by evi-
dence every honest vote and count it. Yet tke
gentleman from Pennsylvania held that there
is a rule of law, so fortified by practice and the
decisions of the courts as to be binding upon
us, that if you find the return of any precinct
so tainted with fraud that it must be thrown"
aside, you are not at liberty to ascertain by evi-
dence tho number of votes cast. Accepting
that rule, and rejecting the returns from Hamil-
ton, Rilev, and Cloverdale townships, on the
ground that those returns are so vitiated by
fraud as to be worthless, and not counting a
single vote from those townships proved aliunde,
but correcting the vote in the other township,
the result stands as follows: for Mr. Voorhees
11,883 votes; for Mr. Washburn, 11,099; mak-
ing a majority for the contestant of 116. So
that, taking cither of the two methods suggested
by th<rcommittee, or adopting the rule proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the same
result is attained. The sitting member can be
kept in only by sanctioning a fraud upon the
ballot-box which, by the confession of his own
political friends, the judges of the election, was
fraudulently opened and tampered with.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I understand the gen-
tleman rightly, the committee have thrown out
the returns from one township altogether; then
they allow the contestant to produce the evi-
dence of certain persons who swear that they
voted for the contestant, and also the evidence
of persons who swear that others told them
they voted for tho contestant. That, as I un-
derstand, is the way in which the committee
have reached their conclusion.
Mr. DAWES. I am sorry that the gentle-
man does not understand the matter better after
two days' debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then let me ask the gen-
tleman a single question: have not the com-
niittee thrown out the vote for Mr. Yoorhees*
in one township, while they have counted that
for the contestant?
Mr. DAWES. I did not understand the
gentleman's last question.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, I cannot help it if
the geatleman is so obtuse.
Mr. DAWES. Then we will let the matter
stand just where it is. _
I yield to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farksworth.J
