2924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
she pleases and where she pleases. She has
the sole right, and I do not think that it is
•within the power of Congress, on the pretense
of establishing military roads, or on any other
pretense, to take that right from her.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield now .for a few
moments to my colleague, [Mr. Eggleston.]
Mr. EGGLESTON. This is a question of
vital importance to the western portion of this
Union. Although the claims of the State of
Pennsylvania and her State rights have been
so ably argued by my distinguished friend from
the city of Philadelphia, [Mr. O'Neill,] yet I
have failed to see the reason why we should sit
here as the representatives of the people of the
entire country and say that the State of Penn-
sylvania shall set up her puny arm and tell us
of the West that our produce cannot pass
through that State without paying tribute to
iier as she has done in former days.
Sir, if State lines are to be recognized in
reference to the transit of property and per-
sons and say that when you arrive at particu-
lar points where one State connects with an-
other you shall not pass over it without stop-
ping and paying tribute, as was the case a few
years ago in Pennsylvania, I say it is time
for this Congress to take the matter into their
own hands and obliterate State lines entirely,
so far as commerce is concerned, and give us
free trade.
Why, sir, I remember the action of the Slate
of Pennsylvania some eight or ten years ago,
when they erected pea-nut stands at Erie and
told us that we must ship our property there to
accommodate a few persons. And yet we find
advocates here for the State rights of Pennsyl-
vania in thus obstructing the commerce of the
West.
I say that to us of the West it is important
that we stand firm upon this question. We
should stand together and hold that the com-
merce of the country should go free from one
State to another and through all of the States ;
and T hope we shall get such a vote upon this
question that we will settle it now and for-
ever. thatthe West has an interest in the means
of transit as well as the States through which
the roads pass.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield now for five min-
utes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Coffroth.]
Mr. COFFROTH. Mr. Speaker, I would
hesitate as long as any other member of the
House before I would take away a right guar-
antied to any State. The history of the legis-
lation of Pennsylvania on railroads is such that
the interests of the people require the passage
of this bill. The Pittsburg and Connellsville
railroad was chartered some years ago, and a
great part of it had been put under contract
when the Pennsylvania Legislature repealed
the charter of the company and thus prevented
the road from a speedy completion. Now,
sir, after such conduct, what can we expect
from the Pennsylvania Legislature? It appears
to me, judging from its legislation, to be held
in the socket, or kept under the influence of
the eastern portion of the State. We have
appealed in rain to the Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania to respect the railroad interest of the
southwestern portion of the State, and all
our appeals have been spurned and refused.
It is true that our people are in favor of a
general railroad bill. But they are especially
in favor of the passage 'of this bill by Congress,
and the construction of the Pittsburg and Con-
nellsville railroad, which passes through the
richest mineral regions of our State.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Lb Bj.oxd] asks,
what is the necessity for this now in a time of
ueaee? Sir, now is the time to secure the eon-
struetion of this road. If it had been made
before the late war began millions and mil-
lions of dollars would have been saved to this
country. It would have paid itself ten times
over in transporting for the Government sol-
diers, arms, and ammunition from the West to
the seat of war. I am therefore in favor of the
passage of this bill. It is not destroying the
rights of any parties, but I believe it is only
doing justice to the great Northwest and the
western and southern parts of Pennsylvania.
Their interests demand it, and they appeal to
Congress to pass this bill that they may be
protected from the monopoly that now rules
the Legislature of Pennsylvania.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. _ I noticed, when
the amendment was read which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] moved to this bill
this morning, that there is one section of it
which declares that certain acts done toward
this company shall be deemed misdemeanors
and punished in a certain manner. The low-
est punishment when by a fine is $1,000, and
when by imprisonment the shortest term is
for one year.
Now, I would suggest to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] either to withdraw that
section entirely or to modify it. It seems to
me that the penalty therein provided is too
severe for many acts which may be done toward
the -property of this railway company. And
in addition to that I would suggest that this
legislation, even if it shall pass Congress,
receive the approval of the Executive, and
become a law, will doubtless be brought into
the courts for adjudication. Doubtless the
Slate of Pennsylvania will resist, and this
matter will go into the courts before anything
can be done under this bill.
The decisions of the State courts may yet be
such that this company will receive all the pro-
tection necessary from State legislation. ]N ow,
it seems to me that it would be better, and per-
haps strengthen the bill, if that section were
omitted altogether.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am willing to adopt the
suggestion of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson,] and withdraw the first of the two sec-
tions which I offered as an amendment. The
other section is one merely authorizing appeals
in suits, and is precisely the section adopted
in the Connellsville railroad bill.
The first section of the amendment of Mr.
Garfield was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. SCOPIELD. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman to allow me a little time to reply to those
gentlemen who have spoken particularly of the
illiberality of the people of my district. •
Mr. GARFIELD. _ I must decline. I will
take it for granted, if the gentleman pleases,
that the people of his district are the most lib-
eral people in the whole country.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not thank the gen-
tleman for giving the floor to three different
persons to assail the people of my district, and
then say that he will take it for granted that the
assault was uncalled for. I hope, if it is the
intention that no one shall speak upon this bill
except those who are pledged to these pet cor-
porations, that the previous question will not
be sustained,
Mr. GARFIELD. I yielded to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] and
to his colleague, [Mr. O'Neill.] Ihave yielded
no more time to the other side.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman said that
if he had known that I would have spoken
against the bill he would not have yielded to
me.
Mr. GARFIELD. When did I say that?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I heard the gentleman
make the remark to members around him.
They asked him why he yielded to me, and he
said he thought I was in favor of the bill, or he
would not have yielded to me.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman certainly
misunderstood me.
Mr. SCOFIELD. No, sir; I think not. _
Mr. GARFIELD. There is one point which
has been urged by the gentleman from Phila-
delphia, [Mr. O'Neill,] which I must notice
before I ask action on this bill. He says there
was a clause in the charter of this company
requiring that the work should be begun on
the road within three years and completed
within seven years. I wish to inform the gen-
tleman and the House that there was no such
provision in the charter.
Mr. O'NEILL. Let me suggest to the gen-
tleman that if he will send to the Library for
the Acts of the Ohio Legislature of 18-18 he
will find that provision. The preamble to the
act of the Pennsylvania Legislature of 1804
recites the fact as I have stated it. The limita-
tion may, perhaps, have been in_ some general
railroad law of the State of Ohio, and hence
the statement in the preamble.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have the volume in my
hand. I have here on my desk every law of
Ohio and Pennsylvania on this subject, and I
am responsible for Ihe accuracy of every state-
ment that I make. In 1848 a charter was
granted by the Legislature of Ohio to the
Mahoning Railroad Company. That company
did not comply with the terms of their charter
within three years, and in 1831 the charter
was renewed with no limitation of time in the
charter itself. But there was on the statute-
book of Ohio a general corporation law, one
section of which I will read:
"If any railroad company shall not be organized
within three years from the passage of the special act
incorporating the same, and not less than ten miles
of such road shall be completed sufficiently for use
within seven years from the same date, then the act
creating the same shall be void."
That is the only limitation of time imposed
upon this company by the laws of Ohio.
Now, sir, in 1853, after the road had been
commenced, the Legislature of Pennsylvania
reenacted, word for word, in express terms, the
charter of the State of Ohio of 18-31, without
adding any limitation of time other than that
embraced in the Ohio law. Now, what was
that limitation? Why, that the work should
be begun on the Cleveland and Mahoning rail-
road within three years, and that ten miles
should he completed within seven years. Be-
fore the seven years had elapsed fifty miles of
road had been completed, and seventy miles
are now completed. The whole road had been
surveyed, the construction contracts were being
made, and all the money had been raised for
completing the road when this act of repeal
was passed by the Pennsylvania Legislature.
The facts are fully set forth in the preamble of
the pending bill.
The gentleman from Pennsylvauia has said
that the legislation of his State has been lib-
eral. I grant that up to a certain time it was
very liberal. But within the last eight or ten
years a marked change has come over the spirit
of its railroad legislation. The gentleman
says that Ohio was in fault in reference to the
Wheeling bridge case. I remind the gentle-
man that Congress rebuked the State of Ohio
and the State of Pennsylvania for their narrow
and illiberal policy in reference to the Wheel-
ing bridge, and made that bridge, under the
authority of an act of Congress, part of a
national, military, and postal road. I am very
glad that my State received such a merited
rebuke when it attempted an illiberal policy
that would shut up the great avenues of trade
between and among the States ; and I am very
glad also that Pennsylvania shared in the re-
buke, and that a great highway is now open by
the authority of Congress. I ask that, in the
same spirit, this Congress, now appealed to by
this corporation, which is trying to open this
greatand important highway between the West
and the Atlantic coast, shall also throw the
tegis of its protection over those men whose
money was raised and whose labor has been
expended until the work is so nearly completed
that eighteen months will see the whole line
finished.
I wish to inform the House that an ex-Gov-
crnor of my State, who was one of the corpo-
rators of this company, went to the Legislature
of Pennsylvania this last winter and asked that
they should reinstate the company in its rights
to complete the road. The committee on rail-
roads of the Pennsylvauia Legislature referred
him to a railroad president, not a member of
the Legislature, to ascertain whether that com-
pany could have its charter restored. And when
he appealed to that railroad president 
Mr. O'NEILL. Mr. Speaker, I want to say
