1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
a different judgment, to arraign him a second
time.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a question of order.
I understand this question was made the other
day and disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] has resumed the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. The occasion for my col-
league's pointof order is past now. I hold that
the gentleman from Kentucky had his remedy
perfectly at his command, and that every time
protection was asked lor it was given to the full
extent demanded. And not only so, but after
the gentleman from Iowa had concluded his
personality the gentleman from Kentucky then
took the floor and proposed to repel the assault
in kind, that is, to answer words by words, and
did so. And 1 will here remark, though I did
not hear the discussion myself, that it appears
to be the general opinion of members who did
hear it, that the gentleman from Kentucky bore
himself with more dignity and propriety at the
conclusion than his adversary did. I make that
remark for the purpose of showing that he came
out of that encounter better than he went in.
He began as the assailant, but he concluded
with a degree of dignity which partly covered
the offensive matter and manner of kis opening
speech. Having come out of the encounter
with some dignity and relative credit, he con-
cluded his remarks on that occasion with these
words: „
"I liope now that I have heard the last of the
member from Iowa. I hope I shall never have oc-
casion to recur to the subject again. Whatever glory
he has gained in this contest 1 am content he should
wear."
Thus, Mr. President, the books were again
balanced. As the war of words in February
closed with about equal fortune and the books
were then balanced, so, as the collision of June
11 was concluded, the books were again bal-
anced; the gentleman from Kentucky declared
himself satislied with the part he had taken in
the transaction and said the matter had ended.
Now, I hold that on every ground of honor-
able cDntestthe matter was then ended. If cow-
ardice had been charged upon one side, false-
hood, which is worse, had been charged upon
the other. If a slur had been cast upon the
military lame of one, the deepest stain had
been imputed to the manhood of the other, and
after these mutual criminations and recrimina-
tions the books had been balanced and peace
was declared. If anythinghappened after that
it happened by virtue of a new assault, an
assault that must stand alone by itself.
And now let us consider this assault. Gen-
tlemen are familiar with all the details of
it. f call attention for a moment to the spirit
manifested by the gentleman from Kentucky
on the trial before the committee. Instead of
desiring to palliate his olfense, instead of mani-
festing any purpose to explain or to apologize
to the comuiittec or the member that he had
beaten, it is plainly evident on every page of
the testimony that the member from Kentucky
was proud of having committed the offense
and wished to make it appear that it was done
courageously and promptly, and that he did not
even wait for an explanation. Let me read a
few passages from the record of the cross-
examination of Air. Grixkell by Mr. Rous-
seau:
" Question. I want to ask you again to state whether
I did not stnkcyuu over the shoulders with the rattan
on the instant you uttered words declining an apol-
ogy, whatever they were.
"Answer, t said very soon. I would not say on the
instant. I think you swore a good deal before you
struck mo.
" Question. Did not I strike you before swearing
any ?
I think not.
" Question. Are you positive about that?
"Anstcer. I think I am. t
" Question.as not the swearing and the striking
done simultaneously?
"Aniicrr. I should say you swore first.
" (Jvc-iton. Did you put your hand on me until that
rattan was about worn out ?
"ylnwcv. I think I caught you when you com-
menced. , ,,
" Question. I bus you to be sure about that matter.
I ask you to bring it again to your recollection."
He wants the gentleman from Iowa to be cer-
tain that he thrashed him before any word was
spoken, and to make it appear that hp came
to thrash him and for nothing else. He wants
the committee to understand that thrashing
was the business he came for, and not to ask
for an apology, that he did not expect any
apology, but came there to assault and dis-
grace a member of this House for words spoken
in debate. Four times in the cross-examina-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa the gentle-
man from Kentucky seeks in that way to make
it appear that he fought the member from Iowa
as quickly as he could possibly get at him, with-
out waiting for any kind of ceremony. That is
the spirit displayed by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky in this case. When he is called to the
stand as a witness, in the same spirit he goes
out of his way to put this question to the
member from Iowa:
" Question. I wish to put the question to you dis-
tinctly, so as to introduce proof on that subject. I
ask you again i f, when I spoke to you about an apol-
ogy, and you said something declining it, whether I
did not instantly begin with the rattan and wear it
out, and whether every blow I struck was not struck
before you put your hands on me: andwhen^you took
hold of my arm did X not take you by the throat and
thrust you up against a column; anddidnotyou then
remark to me, 'I do not want to hurt you;'and did I
not say, 'You are very kind,' or words to that effect?"
And when by-and-by the committee seemed
to be in doubt whether they should decide that
these things were done because of words spo-
ken in debate, the gentleman says, " Certainly
they were." He hastens to assure us that the
whole thing was a matter of deliberate purpose
and premeditation. He does not seek to pal-
liate his offense. He makes no apology.^ It
is only the amiable gentleman from New York
[Mr. Hale] and his other kind-hearted friends
who come Ijefore us and beg us to be lenient.
The member from Kentucky gives us no ground
whatever for leniency.
Now, what was this assault made for? He
declares it was for the purpose of disgracing a
member of the House. Was it also for the pur-
pose of proving his courage? Mr. Speaker, if
I did not happen to know of the former gal-
lantry and courage of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, this assault would have proved to me
that he was totally destitute of manly courage,
especially when we consider the comparative
physical proportions of the two gentlemen.
There might have been some proof of cour-
age if the gentleman from Iowa had assaulted
the .gentleman from Kentucky; but on the
other side, none. There must be other proof
of the courage of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky than that. He should have assaulted a
person more muscular and powerful than the
gentleman from Iowa if he wished to prove his
courage. His courage was already established,
and 1 regret that he thought it necessary to rees-
tablish it in such a way.
Mr. Speaker, T should have said nothing on
this subject but for one reason. The military
record of the gentleman has been referred to
as a rcasou why the House should look len-
iently on his offense. Sir, let it once be decided
that "because a man has been in the Army he
may therefore violate the personal privileges
of members of the House, and there are quite
a number of gentlemen on this floor who would
be interested in that decision. If the military
members of this House desire to have their
military histories spread upon public records,
and their military achievements rehearsed with
all the decorations of oratory, it Will only be
necessary for them to get up a collision with
some member that can safely be flogged, and
their neglected military exploits will adorn the
columns of the Globe and be scattered through-
out the country. But, sii, as one of those who
served in the field I utterly repudiate any such
claim of impunity, and I ask gentlemen to
judge me and my acts by the same rule that
they judge any other member of the House.
We are peers on this floor. It makes no dif-
ference whether I came here from the highest
walks of military life, from the plow-tail, the
work-bench, or the school-house, 1 am offi-
cially the peer of every member on this floor.
And I ask, Mi-. Speaker, what will be the effect
of allowingthisoffensetopasslightlyby? I was
sorry that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Raimond] saw fit to refer to the long catalogue
of barbarisms practiced in this House, and then
to ask in apparent exultation, "Which one of
those was expelled? Not one, not even Pres-
ton S. Brooks for his assault on Mr. Suhner.'!
Why was he not expelled? It was because
there were enough bullies in the House to keep
Mr. Brooks in his seat. But now, when a new
era has dawned, when a new chapter is opened
in our history, I beg members of this House to
write down some bold, brave words that shall
declare that here men stand upon their rights
and not upon their muscle; that no longer the
barbarism of bludgeons or the arguments of
clubs are to be used, but the reason and judg-
ment of men. Suppose you retain the memr
ber from Kentucky in his seat; he may have
presents of canes and rattans ; he may be feted
and toasted for his barbarous offense against
the dignity of this House. I bog this House
to set the seal of its condemnation upon his act.
Sir, look to the effect of his example. Even,
since I began this speech, a brutal assault has
been committed in this building, in the corridors
below where I stand, upon the person of the
clerk of a committee of this House, and he is
now weltering in his blood, his life despaired
of. That clerk may die of the injuries a bully
has inflicted upon him since I commenced
these remarks, and if you decree that the act
of the member from Kentucky shall go with-
out rebuke, then you may as well notify all
the smaller men here to arm themselves with
pistols hereafter. Sir, if fighting is to be the
rule, if that is what we are to expect, then let
us know it that we may be prepared for it.
Sir, I shall vote for the resolution of expul-
sion as it has been reported from the commit-
tee without change or alteration, and I trust
that this House will have the moral courage to
pass it by a vote so nearly unanimous that no
man shail ever hereafter hope to gain any glory
by becoming a bully, and flogging members
whenever he may not be satisfied with what
has been said in debate.
assault os a committee clerk.
Mr. ALLEY. I wish to say, in connection
with the allusion just made by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] that a most brutal
and unprovoked outrage lias just been com-
mitted upon an officer of this House, and I
therefore desire to submit for the consideration
and action of this House, at this time, the res-
olution which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: •
He-solved, That whereas a violent personal assault
has been committed upon the person of U.H. Painter,
the clerk of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, by two persons nowin the custody of the police
officersoi'the Capitol, the Sergeant-at-Arms is hereby
directed to take into his custody the assailants, and
to detain them until the further orders of the House
upon the subject.
Mr. STEVENS. I beg leave to suggest
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Allxy] that he better name the persons in
his resolution, for we can hardly issue a gen-
eral order of arrest.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. They are in cus-
tody now.
Mr. STEYENS. Well, they had better be
named in the resolution.
Mr. KELLEY. One of them is named Ben-
jamin B. Beveridge.
Mr. ALLEY. The other is named Edward
Towers. I modify my resolution so as to in-
sert the names of Benjamin B. Beveridge and
Edward Towers.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I would ask if these par-
ties are not already in the custody of the offi-
cers of the law. and is not the law amply suffi-
cient to provide for their punishment. And
if they are brought here can we inflict a pun-
ishment adequate to the offense which has beeil
committed''
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. We will see about
that. ,
Mr. TRIMBLE. I do# not know that we
have any authority to punish these men, or to
keep them in custody longer than this session
