1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
190-5
not competent on a board to investigate the
question whether a man lias sustained a loss
or not. in the building of a ship?
_ The next member of the board is Chief En-
gineer Montgomery Fletcher. I understand
that when these contracts were made and this
work was done, he, too, was not here, but was
at some distant point, I do not know where
but was entirely removed from any influence
these contractors could bring to bear upon
him. lie was an engineer. lie ranks, I be-
lieve, in the Navy, along with Ishenvood, who
is in the Department. I do not know that he
is so competent and so skillful a man. I do
not make any comparison of that, sort; but J
say his rank as a naval officer, I believe, is equal
to that of the engineer in the Navy Department.
He is an engineer in the Jfavy Department by
his profession, and by his studios is well quali-
fied to make these investigations.
Then there is Paymaster Eldrcdge. I under-
stand that he was selected because of Iris skill
as an accountant. These claims of course
involved the examination of very elaborate
accounts, and I understand they' were thor-
oughly examined; and he is one of the most
skillful accountants in the employ of the Navy
Department, and because of his qualifications
in that respect he was selected.
I believe that this was a very competent
board. Is the Senate not willing to risk a
board so organized, selected from the skilled
men of the Department by the Secretary of the
Navy, to make a particular investigation, safe
to the Government, as I remarked, and just to
the contractors ? They sat for five months, from
June til! December, heard the evidence, exam-
ined the claims, examined the accounts, and
made their award on the 23d day of December
last. Can we not trust to an investigation of
this sort? If Senators say that it is right to
make up to these men their losses without any
profit, can you have a better assurance that the
right has been ascertained than you do have
when a board so organized makes a report?
Now, sir, I think it is safe to rely on that
report. The Senator from Iowa—and I say to
the Senate that on a question of this sort we
ought all of us to give very much weight to hi;i
suggestions, for ho is very competent, very
thoroughly informed on every question in rela-
tion to the Navy, and we all know that he
brings to the investigation of any subject a
most honest purpose, just, as he understands
it, to the Government and to all the parties—
thinks that the report of -this board is not suf-
ficiently reliable for Congress to make an appro-
priation upon. I am not quite able to agree with
him on that point, but if lie shall feel it to be his
duty, as I understand he will, to propose an
amendment limiting the amount of allowance
to a percentage upon the contract price, I do
not know that I shall seriously oppose it. If
any of these parties shall find it impossible to
live under that allowance, they can present
their particular claims to Congress, if they
choose to do so, hereafter. I submit the ques-
tion with what I have said to the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer as a substitute for
the bill the following:
That the Sccrotary of the Treasury be directed to
pay. out of any money in the Treasury notothcrwiso
appropriated, to the severaIparticsthea,w<xrdsmado
in their favor by the naval board organized undertho
resolution of the Senate adopted Mardi 9, 1805, the
awards hems: made under date of December 23,1SG5,
and reported to the Secretary of the Navy: Provided,
The paymonti.-iliallnolinany case exceed twelve per
cent, on the contract price, except in the case of the
Camanche, in which case the award shall be paid iu
full.
Mr. N! E. I desire to get this question set-
tled in some way. If the Senate wish to post-
pone the question so that it shall come up to-
morrow at one o'clock, I will not object.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be observed that the
amendment I have proposed as a substitute to
the bill that came from the committee, is to
allow to each one of the contractors named in
the award made by the naval officers twelve
per cent, of the amount of the contract. As I
I slated to the Senate the other day, when this j
subject was under consideration, I am as con- j
scious as anybody can be that there is a great
deal of equity^in many, probably in all, of
these cases. These men, as has been said by
the Senator from Indiana, entered into con-
tracts with the Government at a time when the
necessities of the Government were very great.
I hey necessarily extended through many
months, and, in some instances, through one
or two years. All the energies of these con-
tractors were applied to the execution of their
contracts, and all their wealth and the wealth
of their friends, in many instances, was em-
barked in the execution of their contracts. In
the mean time the Government, with whom the
contract was made, levies a duty not contem-
plated by the contractors at the time the con-
tracts were made, on many articles nceessaiy
for them to use in fulfilling their contracts, it
also laid a direct tax on many things, and laid
them throe or four times on some things that
it was necessary for them to use in order to
fulfill their contracts. Then not only was there
a call for the labor they had anticipated, and
supposed they would be able to use in their
yards, but. there was a conscription ordered,
and in addition to that, we passed a lav/ declar-
ing that all mechanics and artisans who were
employed by the United States in the navy-
yards should not be conscripted, while all the
mechanics and artisans ■who were emplovcdb.y
these private contractors were subject to con-
scription ; and hence, those who did not go
voluntarily into the Army, in many instances,
were induced to go into {he Government navy-'
yards in order to avoid conscription.
Mr. JOLiNSON. They wore "drafted" not
" conscripted," as we were told.
Mr. GIUMES. 1 will not stand on terms;
the proper term may have been "drafted."
Now, although there may not be any legal
claim upon the Government in such cases as
these, it seems to mo that these contractors
present a very strong case in equity. I think
that if I enter into a contract with the Senator
from Maryland to execute a picec of work,and
he uses any means, having the power to do so,
to enhance the price of the execution of that
work, if I could not enjoin him from doing so,
at leastl could recover the excess that through
his instrumentality I win compelled to pay.
Mr. JOHNSON. Unless I had a right to
do it.
Mr. GRIMES. It is a question of conscience
at any rate, if it is not a question of law. Now,
the amount that I have proposed is twelve per-
cent. Senators will observe by the table that
is appended to the report of the committee that
during the time that these contracts were being
carried into execution, the enhancement in the
prices of labor and material was greatly in ex-
cess of that amount, from seventy-five to one
liundred'per cent. 1 think. The difference
between the proposition which I have proposed
and the award of the board is the difference
between about §1,100,000 and S2,230,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. Twelve per cent, would
give $1)100,000.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. It is a reduction
of one half.
Mr. WADE. I move that the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow, and that the amendment
be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair an
amendment which I wish to make to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Iowa, or to the ori-
ginal bill, either. It is the amendment relating
to Donald McKay.
Several Senators. Let it be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
And he it further enacted, That in the case of Don-
ald McKay, of Boston, Massachusetts, who built the
Ashuclot arid machinery, and Miles Greenwood, of
Cincinnati, Ohio, who built the Tippecanoe, whoso
contracts have been completed to the satisfaction of
the Department, stud who wore prevented l'rom ap-
pearing before the naval board, shall be entitled to
the same rate of compensation as is authorized to be
paid to other parties building the same class of ves-
sels and machinery; and such payment to be made
to them out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, under the supervision and direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy: Prooided, The
evidence submitted for iiis examination fully estab-
lishes tho right of said parties to compensation?
Mr. WADE. I move that these amendments
be printed, and that the bill be postponed until
to-morrow.
Mr. NYE. I move to strike out the word
" twelve" and insert the word " fifteen'" in ihe
amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. JOHNSON. That will go over with the
rest.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pcnm.-ov
in the chair.) The Senator from Olno n-iivc
that the bill be postponed until to-morrow, mid
that, tho amendments lie printed.
The motion was agreed to.
tVASUISC'rO.N' OA S AL.
Mr. TVADE. I move to take up SeniUc
No. l'.IO.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Semi...,
as in Committeeofthe Whole, resumed the con-'
siderntion of bill S. No. Jilt), to incorporate
the District of Columbia Canal and Sewerage
Company. °
The Secretary commenced to read the bill
Mr. WADE. This bill h as been up before ;
T suppose it is not accessary to rend any more
lli:m the amendments reported by the commit-
tee since its recommittal.
The PUESiDiXU OFVWm, The Sen-
ate will proceed to consider the amendments
. bit:
de,
repoi toil.
The iirsf. amendment of the Committee on
the District of Columbiawas in hue twenty-one
of section one to strike out hold mid convey
I'cal estate and other property."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-four
of'section one. to insert "amp after "money."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-four
of section one, to strike out t;lhcir" before
u franchise." and insert "its."
The amendment, "was agreed to.
The next amendment was to striko out all of
the second section, after the enacting clause,
and in lieu of the words stricken out to insert:
That tho said company is hereby authorized un<l
empowered to j-nivey, locate, Jay out, awl (.onsfiuct
a canni and sower between the Anaeostia river, com-
monly known os the Me-fern branch, from a point
thereon near ih iunction u'if h t he Potomac rivet, to a
point on the old eanalne.tr Virginia avenue, wuieh
pa-^es tiirondi ihe Hl\ of W;ishi]ij,r(on; (hm<.e in,
by, :iloner, and tlmnurh saicl old enroll to the western
eoiporate 1 units of said city of Washington; and
thence to the Chesapeake and Ohio canul at. or near
Georgetown, in the District of Columbia. Tho
canal and sewer, when constructed, shall constitute
and remain a depository and duct for tho seweia^o
l'rom tlie city of Wa&hintHon, and fiom the propel ty
of tlio United States therein; and tho proper cor-
porate authorities of the city of Washington bhjdl
always have unrestricted and lull power to deter-
mine where the sewcrsof said city shall eonncet with
the said cnnnl and sewer, and tho manner in which
said connection shall be made, so as the manner of
makinjr the connection shall not injure or impair tho
bank of said canal and sewer where the connection
shall be made, nor shall tho said District of Colum-
bia Canal and Sewerage Company make any charge
or receive any compensation for any conncction of
sowers. The canal and sewer shall he cut to the
depth of ten feet below high tide as it usually rises;
and shall be seventy feet wide at the water-line, with
tho usual slope to the banks: and shall at all times
ho kept in sood and navigable repair, and all sedi-
ment or deposits collecting in the same from tho
city sewers or otherwise shall be kept cloaned out so
that the tid*? may constantly flow through the same;
and the said company shall have the exclusive right
to assecs and collect tolls upon said canal and also
upon the wharves and docks of\he same.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend this amend-
ment of the committee in the forty-nintlx line
on page 4 by inserting after the word a con-
nection" the words u or drainage;" so that the
clause will read:
Nor shall the said District of Columbia Canal and
Sewerage Company make any charge or receive
any compensation for any connection or drainage of
sewers,
Tlie amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. In line fifty-one I move to
amend by inserting the word "low" before
u water; so as to make it read, "seventy feet
wide at the low-water line."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three)
