3886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
of Congress, which maj terminate in a very
few days. Why should we, by the adoption of
this resolution, take these persons from the
custody of the laws of the country passed by
this Congress for the protection of the citizens
of this District and bring them here to be tried
at the bar of this House? I merely make this
suggestion to the gentleman. At the same
time I do not desire to screen these persons j
I do not know anything of them.
Mr. WRIGHT. What evidence have we of
the facts mentioned 111 this resolution?
Mr. TRIMBLE. I do not know.
Mr. ALLEY. I modify my resolution so
that it will read as follows:
Itesoloecl, That whereas a violent personal assault
has been committed upon the person of U. H. Painter,
the clerk of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, by Benjamin T>. Beveridge and Edward Tow-
ers, who are now in the custody of the police officers
of the Capitol the Serjeant-at-Arms ishereby directed
to tako into his custody the assailants, and to detain
them until the farther orders of the House upon the
subject; and that a select committee of live members
be appointed by the Speaker, whoso duty it shall be
to examine into andrcportthe facts in the case, with
power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Would it not be well for
us to let the ordinary civil authorities first take
cognizance of this transaction? We can inter-
fere afterward, if it should be necessary.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands,
the point is raised that this is not a question
of privilege. The Chair rules that it is a ques-
tion of privilege, which may properly receive
the action of the House. This House has even
gone so far as to bring citizens before the bar
for disorder in the galleries. If this could be
done, then unquestionably when an officer of
the House has been beaten or assailed within
the walls of the Capitol the House has power
to take action iu the matter. It is a question
for the House to determine whether it will
exercise this power in the present case or per-
mit it to go before the courts, as suggested by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Tiumulu.]
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
TheSPEAKE R subsequently announced the
appointment of Messrs. Alley, Faiistswoutii,
Thimble, J. L. Thomas, and Lafijn to con-
stitute the select committee provided for in the
resolution.
MESSAGE 1-IiOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fouxey,
it Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate had passed House bill No. 3, to re-
vive the grade of General in the United States
Army, with an amendment, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on House bill No. 213,
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the vear ending the 30th of June,
1807.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC , API'IlOl'IUATTON BILL.
Mr. STEVENS submitted the following re-
port :
The committee of conference on thc*disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. 11. No. 213) "making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses- of the
Government lor the year ending the 80th of .Tune,
1807,'' having met, afterl'ull and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendmcntsof the Senate
numbered G2,113, 110, 117, 122,123, 130, 137, 139, and
14), and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their one hundred and
eighteenth, one hundred and thirty-first, one hun-
dred and thirty-second, one hundred and thirty-
third, and one hundred and thirty-fourth amend-
ments.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
theone hundred and fortieth amendmentof the Sen-
ate and agree to tiie same with an amendment as
follows:
Strike out all of said Senate amendment, being
section six. and insert in lieu thereof the following:
"Sec. 6. And be it further exacted, That the female
clerks and counters employed in the several Depart-
ments and bureau?, whose appointments are made
by the several heads of Departments, under the pro-
visions( of law, and whose legal compensation has
heretofore amuuuted to ?7J) oacupei aninuu, .iu.1 the
female clerks cmplo., <\! at tljo Po^-f Oi+ii*e 3Vp.,.rt-
ment, shall, from and after the 30th day of June,
1866, receive in lieu of all other compensation an an-
nual salary of $900 each per annum; and the amount
necessary to pay the increased- salaries herein pro-
vided for, for the fiscal year ending June 30,18G7, is
hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treas-
ury, not otherwise appropriated;" and the Senate
agi*ec to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-fourth amendment of the
Senate and agree to the same with an amendment
as follows:
In line nine of said amendment, strike out all after
the words " authorized to," down to and including
theword"due," in line ten, and insert in lieu thereof
the following words: "makes^id adjustment;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the eighty-seventh
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate agree to so much of the amendment
of the llouso to the one hundred and twenty-fourth
amendment of the Senate as is embraced in the first,
second, thiul, fourth, fifth, and to and including the
word " dollars," in the sixth line of said House amend-
ment; and disagree to the balance of said amendment,
and the House agree to the same as so modified.
That the House recede irom their amendment to
the thirtieth amendment of: the Senate, and agree to
the same.
That the House rccedc from their disagreement to
the sixlp-first amendment oi the Senate, and to their
amendment of the same, and agree to thesaid Senate
amendment with an amendment as follows:
Strike out all of said Senate amendment after the
word "services," in line live, and insert in lieu
thereof the following words: " Provided further, That
so much of the appropriation of $250,000 granted by
act approved March 2,1865, for compensation to tem-
porary clerks in the Treasury Department and for
additional compensation to clerks in the same De-
partment as remains unexpended, shall bedivided as
follows, namely: $100 each shall be paid to the clerks
insaidDcpaitmentof the firstand second classes who
have not received any additional compensation out
of said appropriation, and who shall have served in
said capacity for one year previously to July 1,1866 ;
and tlOO shall bo paid to each porbon employed in
said Department appointed bv the Secretary, at an
annual salary amounting to less than $1,200, and who
shall have served under such appointment for one
yenr previous to July 1,18G6 ; ana if the balance of
said appropriation lemaining unexpended shall be
insufbeient to pay said clerks and appointees the
sum of $100 each as herein provided, the deficiency
shall be supplied and paid out of any money in^the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated;" and the Sen-
ate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and forty-second amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same, with an amendment,
as follows: in line live of said amendment insert the
following words: " who shall be the draughtsman;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
W. I\ FESSENDEN,
GE01l(iE H. WILLIAMS,
T. A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on the ])art of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
JOHN A. KASSON,
Mano tiers on the part of the House.
Mr. MORRILL. This bill, as now reported
by the committee of conference, embraces one
provision whicli will be in conflict with a bill
about to be reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means in relation to the pay of the
female clerks. I observe that it is proposed
to increase the pay of all these clerks from
$720 to $900 per annum. The bill which the
committee propose to report provides for the
classification of these clerks as other clerks are
classified. It is found, 011 inquiry at the De-
partment, that there is quite as much propriety
and justice in having these clerkships divided
into different grades with different rates of pay
as there is in classifying the male clerks.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Vermont that if the bill to which he refers
should hereafter be passed it will repeal this
provision. I understand that it proposes to
reorganize the whole Department. The gen-
tleman must be aware that if we allow the
female clerks to be classified, the handsomest
ones will receive the highest promotion.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. Some of these female
clerks do thrice the amount of work performed
by others $ and there is no propriety in all
receiving the same amount of pay. There are
female clerks who do as much work as many
of the males.
Mr. STEVENS. We can discuss this ques-
tion when the bill to which-the gentleman refers
shall come before us. There is no reason why
we should not adopt the report of the commit-
tee of conference.
The report of the committee of conference
was aorrced to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to rcconsidcr the
vote by which the report of the committee was
agreed to 5 and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ASSAULT ON A MEMBER AGAIN.
Mr. HOGAN. Mr. Speaker, at this late hour
in the discussion upon this question I do not
think it desirable to indulge in many remarks.
There are, however, one or two points which
have not to my mind been satisfactorily pre-
sented to the House; and it is mainly to them
that I wish to direct the few remarks that I have
to make. Much has been said in reference to
the assault made in debate here by the member
from Iowa upon the member from Kentucky.
In reference to that, I must believe that the
member from Iowa really did not intend any-
thing derogatory to the member from Kentucky.
The latter gentleman, however, understood it
differently, and, so understanding it, recognized
his right to vindicate himself.
It must be borne in mind that the remarks
of the member from Iowa were imprinted upon
the public records of the country ; they were
placed in the Globe, to go down to all posterity j
and his assault upon an honorable gentle-
man who has proved his courage and vindi-
cated the honor of his country upon the battle-
field thus passed down to posterity. There it
stands forever as a record against him. Sir,
this demanded something more than a mere
retraction; yet the retraction itself did not go
upon the record as the assault did. The gen-
tleman assailed had made various efforts to
induce the House to protect him against this
assault, and the House had failed to do it.
The words were then upon the record, to live
forever and forever, and he sought what he
conceived to be the only possible chance of vin-
dicating himself. He had notified the House
that he would do it. He had told the House
while these offensive remarks were being i&ade
that if the House failed to protect him he would
be compelled to protect himself; and lie sought
that protection. The House was well advised
of the fact that he meant to vindicate himself,
for after once so stating he went forward to
where the gentleman from Iowa was deliver-
ing his speech, and standing near him reiter-
ated the statement, "If the House will not
protect mc, I must protect myself, and I am
able to doit." That was fair warning; and
yet the gentleman from Iowa was permitted
to proceed. I recognize the position assumed
by the Speaker in regard to this matter as a
correct one, namely, that permission having
been given to the gentleman from Iowa to make
a personal explanation, the Speaker had no
right to interfere, unless his attention was
called to the remarks of the member from Iowa
by some member of the House; but, after the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
had interfered, the gentleman from Iowa still
went on, and it was not so much the words he
used, as the manner of using them, that was
disrespectful to the member from Kentucky.
Now, the gentleman from Kentucky, having
notified the House of his intention to protect
himself, and still not receiving due protection
from the House, what else could he do ? What
other course was left open to him than the one
he pursued? Following the bent of his own
judgment, and not having received the apology
that would vindicate him before the country
on this recoid, he went out of doors to correct
the wrong and maintain the position that he
had occupied as a man of courage and determi-
nation. As this branch of the subject has been
elaborately discussed, I am unwilling at this
late hour of the day to elaborate it further. I
will simply call the attention of the House to
an extraneous matter connected with this trans-
action which has been brought in here by the
report of the committee for the action of the
House. Here are three gentlemen who are
implicated in this assault by the committee,
and who maj7 be brought to the bar of the
House for punishment or rebuke.
Now. as an individual member of the com-
