1966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
line five, before the word "require,'7 to insert
" shall."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six of sec-
tion three, to strike out "that" and insert
" the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was +after the word
"places," in line eleven of section three, to
strike out the words ''as the board of directors
may deem proper at such time."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines sixteen,
seventeen, and eighteen of section three, to
strike out the words " or such amount thereof
as said corporators shall deem sufficient to au-
thorize said company to commence said work,"
and in lieu of them to insert:
And at least twenty per cent, of the whole capital
stock shall bo subscribed before the said company
shall be authorized to commence said work.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to the member
from Ohio whether he ought not to provide in
addition to the provision which he has that
the stock shall be subscribed, that it shall be
paid in.
Mr. WADE. There is a provision for that
further on.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. While we are on this section
of the bill I think u any, " in line ten, before
"place," had better be stricken out and the
word " some" inserted; so that it will read:
Book? for subscription to the stock of said com-
pany shall be opened at some plaec in the city of
Washington.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. The member from Ohio
said that a provision was in the bill that twenty
per cent, should be paid in, but that is not the
provision : only ten per cent, is to be paid in.
Mr. WADE. At the time of subscription
ten per cent, is to be paid in.
Mr. JOHNSON. But that is all they are
under an obligation to pay before they begin
the work. What I suggested was that before
they began the work they should have twenty
per cent, paid in.
Sir. CLARK. They cannot call a meeting
until twenty per cent, has been paid, not even
a meeting to organize. Look at page 7 and
you will see " as soon as the aforesaid twenty
per cent.,'' &c.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I think ought to be
done—I do not see that it is done by any pro-
vision I have yet observed—is to require that
they should pay twenty per cent, before they
commence work.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will look to
page 7 he will see.
Mr. WADE. It reads :
As soon as the aforesaid twenty per cent, on the
whole capital stock shall have been subscribed as
aforesaid, and the said cash jn yment of ten per cent.
shnlJ have been made, the said corporators, ora ma-
jonty ot them, shall call a meeting of the stock-
holders, &<?.
Mr. JOHNSON. Where is the provision
that the other ten per cent, shall be paid in?
Mr. WADE. I did not say that there was
a provision that the twenty per cent, shall
be paid. Ten per cent, shall be paid,- 1 sup-
posed that was enough. It is a very large
expense they arc to be at.
Mr. JOHNSON. Twenty per cent, is a
small proportion.
The next amendment-was to strike out the
fourth section of the bill after the enacting
clause, and in lieu of it to insert:
That as soon a« the aforesaid twenty per cent, on
the whole capital stock shall have been subscribed
as aloresfiid, and the said cash payment of ten per
cent, shall have been made, the said corporators,
or a majority of them, shall cnli a meeting of the
stockholder.-* at the National Hotel, in the city of
\V\u-himrton, by advertisement in one or more of the
dn.i!v n<-w.-pa!>er^ printed in the city of Washington
ton (lay.-ipreviiu^tnau'h meet nit?: and the said ^tock-
liold-r-, in (ktmmi or by proxy, shall proceed to the
election irom among the stockholders, by ballot, of
seven director.-lor conducting and managing the busi-
ness of said company for the term of one year from
the time of their election. The said directors, so
elected, shall immediately appoint one of their num-
ber to be president of the board of directors, and also
another one of their number to be treasurer of said
company. The said president, treasurer, and direct-
ors, before entering upon the discharge of their du-
ties as such, shall respectively take an oath before
any officer authorized to administer oaths, that they
will support the Constitution ot the United States,
andwiii faithfully discharge the duties of their re-
spective office. In the absence oi the president a
majority of said directors may appoint a president
pro tempore; and a majority of said directors shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section at this point:
Sec. 5. Andbeit further enacted, That the said pres-
ident, directors, and treasurer shall continue in office
one year from the time of their election, and the
directors shall fill any vacancy which may happen in
their own body during the term for which they were
elected, and m case of the death, resignation, or dis-
qualification of the president or treasurer, they may
elect a president or treasurer to serve for the residue
ot theterm: andthestockholderMnoneyearafterthe
day on which the election of duectors shall be first
made, and on the same day in every year thereafter,
(excepting the same shall happen on Sunday, and in
that case on the day succeeding.) shall elect by bal-
lot a new board of seven directors from among the
stockholders, from whom a president and treasurer
shall be forthwith appointed to serve ono year, all
of whom shall, in manner and form aforesaid, take
the oaths aforesaid; and the president and directors,
for the time being, shall give public notice in one or
more of the newspapers published in the city of Wash-
ington, atleast ten days previous to the expirationof
the time lor which they were elected. Each stock-
holder shall be entitled to ono vote for every share of
stock held by him at the time: and any stockholder, by
written authorityunder his hand, and executed in the
presence of two witnesses, may depute any other
stockholder to vote and act as proxy for him at any
general meeting.
Mr. WILLEY. I think there should be an
amendnaentin the seventeenth line. There was
an omission of the printer or draughtsman.
After the word "notice," in the seventeenth
line, I move to insert the words "for a new elec-
tion:" so that the clause will read, "and the
president and directors, for the time being,
shall give public notice for a new election in one
or more of the newspapers published in the city
of Washington, at least ten days previous to
the expiration of the time for which they were
elected.''
Mr. WADE. That is right.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I think that the section had
better be amended in line twenty-three. There
is a provision that a stockholder may depute
any other stockholder to vote for him by proxy.
Why should he be confined to "any other stock -
'holder?" Why not " any person?" It may be
for his interest to select some one outside of
the corporation when he cannot go himself. He
should not be confined to a stockholder.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not usual with us to
allow others than stockholders to act as proxies.
Mr. CLARK. It is with us.
Mr. WILLEY. In drafting the amendment
I followed what was the usage as far as I was
acquainted with the usage.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend by striking
out the words "any other stockholder," and
inserting "another person."
Mr. WILLEY. Simply add after "stock-
holder" the words "or other person;." that
will be better.
Mr. WADE. Very well. I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. CLARK. I will adopt the suggestion
of the Senator from West Virginia, and move
to add "or other person."
Mr. SPitAGLE. That seems'to me a very
singular amendment. Here is a stockholders'
meeting in which it is proposed to introduce
outsiders. It is something quite new to me in
the'organization of companies. I have never
known it to be done in any meeting I have
attended.
Mr. CLARK. It is done oftentimes.
Mr. SPRAGHE. It ought not to be.
Mr. CLARK. This scction is for the elec-
tion of directors after the corporation is organ-
ized.
Mr. SPRAGUE. So much the worse.
Mr. CLARK. Hero is a man the owner of
stock: he is sick and unable to attend, and his
son may be a very proper person for him to
depute to go. Shall he not have the privilege?
He knows about his business. Must he send
his proxy to somebody else who is a member
of the corporation?
Mr. WILLEY. He need not send his son;
he might make another stockholder his proxy.
- Mr. CLARK. But he may instruct his son
as to what he wants to do. His son may be in
such intimate relations that he chooses to have
him vote for him. He cannot instruct him in
everything that may come up.. There is no
harm in it certainly.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment, was to insert, after the
section just inserted, the following:
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer
of the said company shall, before ho acts as such,
give bond to the company in such penalty, and with
such security as the president and directors shall
require, conditioned for the faithful discharge of the
duties and trusts committed to him. Tho salaries of
the officers of the said company shall be fixed by the
board of directors.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at this
point:
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That the shares in
said company shall be deemed personal and not real
estate, and Khali be transferable in such manner as
the board of directors shall prescribe, and the shares
held by any individual shall be liable to be attached
or taken in execution by fieri facias to satisfy the
debts due from any such individual, in like manner
as other personal property may be.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
amendment last adopted the following:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, Thatthe said pres-
ident and directors, and their successors, shall have
full power to demand and receive of tho stockholders
in eqaal proportion, the remaining four fifths ot the
shares of stock, from time to time, as they shall judge
necessary: and if any ofthestockholdersshall neglect
or refuse to pay their proportions within one month
after the same shall have been required, the share or
sharesshall bo forfeited: Provided, Thatnoticeshall
be given by advertisement in one or more of the daily
newspapers published in the eity of Washington, for
ten days, of the time when the same shall be required
to be paid.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know from
the committee the exact meaning of this section.
What do they mean by "the remaining four
fifths of the shares of stock?"
Mr. WILLEY. You will observe, by a pre-
ceding section, that they are required to pay
twenty per cent., which is one fifth, on sub-
scribing. Then in order to get the remaining
four fifths this section provides that they shall
pay it in the manner-here prescribed.
Mr. JOHNSON. But it says "four fifths
of the shares," not "four fifths of what is due
on the shares."
Mr. CLARK. ' As I understand the section,
it seems to me very objectionable indeed. As
sooti as twenty per cent, or one fifth of the stock
is subscribed, this corporation may proceed,
and ten per cent, is ail that is to be paid in.
Now, as 1 understand it, this provision is that
the gentlemen who subscribe tho one fifth in
the first instance are to be liable to subscribe
for the other four fifths by and by. That must
be the clear meaning of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is what I supposed
to be the meaning of it.
Mr. CLARK. It certainly should not be so.
A man may be supposed in the first instance
to take all the stock in the corporation he
wants, and on that he is assessed ten per cent.
But what is this section?
That the said president and directors, and their
successors, shall have full power to demand and ro-
ceive of the stockholders, in equal proportion, the
remaining four fifths of tho shares of stock.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rose for the purpose of
inquiring whether that was the purpose. It
requires any stockholder to take his proportion
of the rest of the stock although he may not be
willing to do it; and even if he was willing to
do it, the effect of the provision is to secure the
whole of this stock to the persons who first
subscribe, and to compel t hem to take it*, That
is not the object, I suppose.
Mr. WADE. I do not understand it so.
Mr, CLARK. I supposed there was some
