2926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
the pay of the soldiers of the armies of the
United States, upon which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] has the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would suggest whether
there is not some business on the Speaker's
table that might as well be disposed of.
Mr. THAYER. With the understanding that
I shall be entitled to nay time I have no objec-
tion to proceeding to other business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business
on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
postal laws.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was House bill No. 281, to amend the postal
laws, returned from the Senate with amend-
ments. The bill, with the amendments, was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
nitro-glycerine.
The next bill on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 313, to regulate the transpor-
tation of nitro-glycerine and glynoin oil; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
commodore thomas turner.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 251, in relation to Com-
modore Turner; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill of the
House (No. 3G3) supplementary to the several
acts in relation to pensions.
The message further announced that the
Senate insisted upon its amendment to the bill
of the House (No. 4-59,) granting a pension to
Anna E. Ward, asked for a committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Messrs.
Lake of Indiana, Edmunds, and Guthrie man-
agers on its part.
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint res-
olution of the House (No. 142.) authorizing the
Postmaster General to pay additional salary to
letter carriers in San Francisco.
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint res-
olution manifesting the respect of Congress to
the memory of the late Lieutenant General
Winfield Scott, in which he was directed to
request the concurrence of the House.
fresii-water basin for iron-clads.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution No. 02, authorizing
the appointment of examiners to examine a
site for a fresh-water basin for iron-clad ves-
sels of the United States Navy; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask for the immediate con-
sideration of this joint resolution.
The joint resolution was read in full. It
authorizes an examination for a site for a fresh-
water basin for iron-clad vessels near Portland,
Maine.
Mr. LYNCH. I move the previous question
on the joint resolution.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to move a
reference of this joint resolution to the appro-
priate committee. It is too limited, I think, in
confining the examination to Portland, Maine.
It may be thought proper to go further. I hope
the resolution will take the usual course and
be referred.
Mr. LYNCH. This is a proposition to ex-
amine a site. I understand an officer of the
Navy near that station will be detailed for that
purpose. The objcct is simply for the Secre-
tary of the Navy to get information and report
it back to the House for final action. It is
simply a matter of inquiry, and I see no reason
why it should go to the Naval Committee.
Mr. LE BLOND. The gentleman's remarks
show the necessity of its reference. If a naval
officer at that station is simply to report upon
the utility of a basin of that character at that
point it can certainly have but little weight in
the subsequent action of this House. If such
a place is necessary perhaps a committee should
be appointed to examine and determine where
is the most feasible locality. I hope, therefore,
that it will be referred.
Mr. LYNCH. This is simply a matter of
examination and inquiry, which will probably
take a day. I do not see any necessity of hav-
ing the resolution referred to the Naval Com-
mittee after having passed the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. Iwould ask the gentleman
from Maine to allow me a few moments. I wish
to offer an amendment. It is of great impor-
tance to the country that we have a site for a
navy-yard capable of affording the means of
taking the best care of our iron-clads. I would
like to amend the resolution simply by adding
"and also the Hudson river at Tappan bay."
There is a splendid site there, and there is a
natural flow of fresh water from the Palisades.
It is able to accommodate vessels having the
greatest draught of water in the United States.
The amendment can do no harm if the gentle-
man is really in earnest.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not propose to go into
the merits of this resolution at all, for I know
nothing of it, and if the gentleman will bring
in a resolution asking for the examination of
a site there, I will vote for it cheerfully ; but
I do not propose to give way for any amend-
ment to this resolution. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The question was put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question ; and there
were—ayes 35, noes 19; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Lynch and Le Blond.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes fifty-nine, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Cooper,
his Private Secretary.
death of general scott.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up the message of
the Senate in regard to the death of General
Scott.
No objection was made; and the message
from the Senate was taken up and read, as
follows:
In Senate of the United States,
May 31,
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That the two Houses of Congress
have received with profound sensibility intelligence
of the death of Brevet Lieutenant General Winfield
Scott.
Resolved, That the exalted virtue.'?, both public
and private, and the wisdom, patriotism, and valor
of this illustrious man in defense of his country and
the maintenance of her honor and glory tor more
than half a eentury against foreign and domes&c
enemies in war and in peace, claim the liveliest grat-
itude and the deepest veneration of the American
people.
Resolved. That as a further mark of mpect, to the
memory of the deceased, when the two Houses of
Congress adjourn to-day, they shall adjourn to meet
on Monday next, and that a joint committee, to con-
sist of seven members of the Senate and nine mem-
bers of the House of Kepresentativcs, be appointed,
who, together with the Presiding Officers of both
Houses, shall proceed to "West Point to represent
Congress at the funeral ceremonies which are to take
place to-morrow; and that said committee be at-
tended by the Sergeauts-at-Arms of both Houses.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
members of the joint committee on the part of
the House to report that the resolutions as they
come to us now from the Senate embody just
what was agreed upon by the joint, committee.
They were directed to be reported first in the
Senate and put upon their passage there. They
have come to us now from the Senate, where
they have been adopted, and they are there-
fore before the House as the report of the
committee as well as in the form of a message
from the Senate. I ask that the resolutions be
concurred in.
They were unanimously concurred in.
The SPEAKER subsequently saM: The
Chair announces the following members on
the part of the House of the joint committee
of Congress to attend the funeral of the late
Lieutenant General Winfield Scott; being the
Committee on Military Affairs of the House:
Mr. Robert C. Schenok, of Ohio"; Mr. Henry
C. Deming, of Connecticut; Mr. Gilmax Mars-
ton, of New Hampshire; Mr. LovellII. Rous-
seau, of Kentucky; Mr. John A. Bingham, of
Ohio; Mr. Sydenham E. Ancona, of Pennsyl-
vania ; Mr. John H. Ketcham, of New York;
Mr. James G. Blaine, of Maine ; Mr. Charles
Sitgreaves, of New Jersey.
The train will leave at half past six o'clock
this evening, and if any gentleman named is
unable to go, by notifying the Chair the vacancy
will be filled.
Mr. BLAINE. On account of personal en-
gagements I am compelled to decline to serve
on the committee appointed to attend the fu-
neral of the late Lieutenant General Scott. I
therefore ask to be excused.
The gentleman was accordingly excused.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will appoint, in
place of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine,] the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks.]
samuel stevens.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 809, to authorize
Samuel Stevens, a Stockbridge Indian, to
enter and purchase a certain tract of land in
the Stockbridge reservation, Wisconsin; w hieh
was road a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
change of names of vessels.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 52) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to change (he
name of the steamboat City of Richmond to.
City of Portland and the name of the schooner
Lucinda Van Yalkenburg to Camden; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
public schools in the district.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 240) relating to public
schools in the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
fire and marine insurance company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 296) to incorporate the
American Fire and Marine Insurance Com-
pany of Washington, District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the Distric' of
Columbia.
chesapeake and potomac canal company.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 281) to authorize the Chesa-
peake Bay and Potomac River Tidewater
Canal Company to enter the District of Colum-
bia and extend their canal to the Anacostia
river at any point above Benning's bridge;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
.colored schools in district of columbia.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 217) donating certain lots
in the city of Washington for schools for col-
ored children in the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, ana
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
