1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8881
mittee I maintained, throughout, its session,
hat we had nothing to do with these gentle-
men, and I wish to present my views on that
point to the House. These three gentlemeh
were brought before the committee as witnesses.
They were summoned and compelled to obey
its mandate, and when there were examined in
reference to the character of this assault. They
had no notice that, there was any charge against
them, and had no opportunity to defend them-
selves ; and yet now they find themselves sud-
denly charged with a breach of the privileges
of the House, and ordered to be brought to the
bar of the House to receive its censure. Why
does the Constitution of our country provide
that no man shall be required to criminate him-
self in giving testimony? Do not all our crim-
inal proceedings proceed upon the idea that a
man's word, when upon the witness stand, shall
not implicate him? And yet these gentlemen
are to be brought to the bar here to answer for
a high crime without notice, and simply because
their own words upon the witness stand have
been used for their own condemnation and
judgment? Sir, we have had the Constitution
elaborately elucidated during the progress of
the discussion in this case; and I would like
now some constitutional lawyer to tell me what
right there is in this House to bring these gen-
tlemen to this bar for what they did in the
premises.
Let us see what were the facts in reference
to these three gentlemen. It is alleged that
there were some fifteen or twenty persons
on the portico of the Capitol at the time this
assault was made, and of those only these
three are called to account. It is alleged that
one of these was there as the personal friend
of General Rousseau. and he admitted that
he was there as a friend of long standing.
What for? Because General Rousseau had
intimated to him that he was going to commit
an assault on Mr. Giunxei.l some time, and
probably that day; and it was for the purpose
of seeing that there was justice and right
and fairness in the contest between these as-
sailants that he was there.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no testimony to
that effect.
Mr. HOGAN. Yes, that is in the testimony.
Colonel Pennvbaker swears that he came up
here at the request of General Rousseau, who
had informed him that he had intended to
make this attack upon Mr. Grinnell, but had
not told him at what time, in what place, or
under what circumstances. He followed Gen-
eral Rousseau from this Hall into the ro-
tunda, and thence out upon the portico, and
was present during the assault as Rousseau's
friend. He says he did not intend to interfere
in the matter at all unless outsiders had at-
tempted to disturb either of the parties, in
which case he would have interfered to pro-
tect them.
But it is said that he had a deadly weapon
with him; that he had a pistol in his pocket.
So he had. but he explained explicitly that he
did not intend to use it under any circum-
stances unless he himself were personally
assailed in protecting these parties from inter-
ference by outsiders. These other two gentle-
men were there also, and it is said that each
of them had a pistol.
In reference to Colonel Grigsby. the testi-
mony is that he knew nothing at all about this
mailer—that he had no conception that any-
thing of (he kind was going to take place, and
that ho did not come here at the request of
llot'ssEAU or Pennvbaker. He came to the
House to see his Representative, and then, not
knowing that anything particular was about to
happen, followed Pennvbaker out on the por-
tico. lTow, then, is he implicated as apartieeps
cri minis in tins matter? it is said he had a
pistol: and that the Tact of his having a pistol
with him is prima facie evidence that he in-
tended to commit a deadly assault upon some-
body. Ho carried a liitle pistol in his pocket,
a little Deringer pistol. Tie said that it was
about '• that long,'' taking his finger and meas-
uring upon it. It was about a linger long, and
had probably not been out of his pocket for a
year.
Mr. O'NEILL. It was long enough to have
a ball in it, I suppose.
Mr. HOGAN. Of course it had a ball in
it, and the probability is that it had powder in
it, too, for the one generally follows the other.
But so he was, with that deadly weapon. I
heard a gentleman say in reference to such an
instrument that if he was paid a certain amount
for shot he would agree to stand fifty feet off
and allow a person to shoot at him all day
long with such a pistol. I would not like to
do it myself, because I have a deadly antipathy
to all such things, and have never carried one
in my life.
* Mr. KELLEY. Did the gentleman ever
hear any one say he would be willing to stand
off six feet and be fired at all day long with such
a pistol?
Mr. HOGAN. That T did not hear said.
But I think it was altogether dependent upon
circumstances whether the pistol was to be fired
at all. Colonel Grigsby said that he did not
intend to use it on that occasion ; he had it
there, and if anybody had assailed him per-
sonally for trying to preserve the rights between
the parties, then only would he probably have
used it.
The other gentleman who was there, and
who is implicated, did not know anything
about the intended assault, did not come here,
and did not go there because of any knowledge
that he had upon the subject. But having some
days before made some kind of arrangement
with Mr. Rousseau, to go with him to New
York, he had passed out into the rotunda
before him. Mr. Rousseau passed by him
suddenly; he spoke to him, but Mr. Rousseau
did not notice what he -said. Not knowing
whether he was sick, or what was the matter
with him, he followed him out of the door.
And that was all hisconnection with the matter.
Two of these gentlemen state explicitly that
only in case there was interference with the
contending parties by outsiders, only in case
outsiders interfered with either of them, they
did not care which, would they have taken
part in the fray, and neither of them would
have used their pistols under any circum-
stances, unless they themselves had been as-
sailed for the prevention of anybody from in-
terfering with either of the contending parties.
Now, why should those three gentlemen be
singled out and brought here to the bar of the
House by a resolution of this committee, in
order to answer for such a crime as this?
Why should they be brought here upon their
own sole testimony, constrained and forced
testimony, being brought before that commit-
tee to testify in reference to the facts, and by
thus testifying, being made to implicate them-
selves as having deadly weapons upon their
persons, weapons which they were in the habit
of carrying, which they usually carried? One
of them said his pistol had not been out of his
pocket that he knew of for a year. And the
other said that he did not know when he had
been without his, unless by mere accident
when he was changing his clothes he failed
to take his pistol out of his pocket and left
it at home.
Now, I contend we have no right to impli-
cate these gentlemen at all; we have no right
at all to bring them up here. _ They ought not
to have been included at all in the report ct
the committee, other than as having given tes-
timony before the committee. Why did not
the committee include in their report Senator
Saulsbury, who was there by accident? Why
did not they include ten or twenty other per-
sons, as the case may be, who were present?
But they were not known. If they had known
them and had brought them before the com-
mittee, t}iey might have made them implicate
themselves and then have brought thera before
the bar of the House; and thus have every-
body who, by the merest accident in the world,
happened to be in the rotunda that day gain an
immoitality in tins country through the report
of this eoiimrj tee, which i-s to be placed upon
the records of this House, to stand there as
long as our Republic shall endure. Sir, I think
it is not right to bring these gentlemen into a,
false and unfortunate position; to bring them
here as though they were personally implicated
in this matter; to bring them here against their
will, without their knowledge, and condemn
them without a hearing.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri whether he has entirely
forgotten that he signed the minority report in
this case, and that as a.member of the minority
he declared that he fully concurred in the very
resolution which he now condemns, the reso-
lution requiring that these persons who were
accessories to the assault shall be brought to
the bar of this House.
Mr. HOGAN. My colleague on the com-
mittee will recollect very distinctly that during
the whole progress of the debate which arose
upon this point I took a position analogous to
that which I take now. I did not feel disposed
to make a minority report for myself alone
upon this, which I regarded as an incidental
point. I was opposed to the action which the
committee took and so stated, giving notice
that I should take the same ground in the
House. I agreed generally to the report of the
committee. I generally prefer to agree to the
report of a committee. When I cannot get all
I want, I take all I can get. But, when this
question was before the committee, I took
decided grounds against this resolution; and I
take the same position now. I ask members
of the House to point me to any legal princi-
ple, or to any provision of the Constitution
which will authorize us to bring these gentle-
men before our bar for trial, much less for cen-
sure and condemnation. I do not find any
such authority in the general law of the coun-
try, or in the rules and usages of this House, or
in the Constitution, which is supreme overall.
Mr. SPALDING. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spalding,] is now entitled to an hour in
which to close the debate.
Mr. SPALDING. I yield fifteen minutes
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens.]
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I do not in-
tend to occupy any time in the general discus-
sion of this question. I have nothing to say
in regard to the character either of the gentle-
man from Iowa, with whom I am well ac-
quainted, or the gentleman from Kentucky, of
whom I know nothing; and even were it other-
wise, it is best that I should say nothing of the
latter gentleman lest what I might say should
be considered as provoked by some unkind
remarks which he is reported to have made
with regard to me, which under such circum-
stances I never answer.
But, sir, I cannot help thinking that there is
some irregularity in the trial of the gentleman
from Iowa which is now going 011; for I con-
sider it nothing else than a trial of that gentle-
man—a trial upon charges never made and
never referred to the committee. This pro-
ceeding has given occasion here and there for
eulogy upon the distinguished and gallant gen-
tleman from Kentucky. Any one listening to
many parts of this debate might suppose that
this whole matter had been gotten up for the
purpose of glorifying the military career and
genius of that gentleman, which I have no dis-
position to question. After the eloquent, high-
flown eulogies of the chairman of the commit-
tee [Mr. Spalding] and the amiable gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hale,] I would as soon
think of doubting the military history of Marl-
borough or Bonaparte or Washington or Grant
as to doubt the distinguished military position
of the gentleman from Kentucky. Whatever
i may be the action of this House,_ history will
j award him a full compensation in the glory
] which he will have acquired with posterity.
I Future generations will overlook the fact that
I the issue now before the House grew out of a
