1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2927
OTWAY H. BEERYMAN, DECEASED.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 284) for the relief of the
children of Otway H. Berryman, deceased;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
bounties to indian regiments.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution (S. R. No. 87) to provide
for the payment of bounties to certain Indian
regiments ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
john gordon.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 294) for the relief of John
Gordon; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
IRA B. CURTIS.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 342) for the benefit of Ira
B. Curtis ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
lumbering on st. croix kiver, maine.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 208) to protect American
citizens engaged in lumbering on the St. Croix
river, in the State of .Maine; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. PIKE. I ask that this bill may be con-
sidered at this time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that the produce of the forests in
the State of Maine, upon the St. Croix river
and its tributaries, owned by American citi-
zens, and sawed in the Province of New Bruns-
wick by American citizens, (the same being
unmanufactured in whole or in part,) having
paid like taxes with other American lumber
on that river, shall be admitted into the Uni-
ted States free of duty, under regulations to
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The second section provides that this act
shall take effect from and after its passage.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. PIKE obtained the floor.
Mr. ELIOT. I will state that the Commit-
tee on Commerce have carefully considered
this bill, and I have been instructed to report
from that committee in favor of its passage.
Mr. MOORHEAD. We had this same ques-
tion up here some time ago, and the House
decided largely against it. I therefore move
to refer this bill to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. PIKE. I cannot yield the floor for any
such purpose as that. I want to say in relation to
this bill merely that it is precisely similar to one
that was passed some time ago in relation to the
St. John river. The necessity for it arises from
the fact that lumber of American growth com-
ing down the St. Croix river can, a portion of
it, be sawed more conveniently on the New
Brunswick side of the river. This bill pro-
poses that lumber owned by American citizens
and sawed by American citizens and paying
the same taxes as other American lumber on
that river, shall simply be considered American
lumber. That is all there is in the bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. As I understand it, this
lumber is grown in the State of Maine, and
brought down the St. Croix river, and sawed
in New Brunswick. Now, I would like the
gentleman to inform me how we can tell, when
this lumber is delivered, whether it was grown
in Maine or in New Brunswick. I think the
effect of this bill will be to allow all New
Brunswick lumber to come in free. We in-
vestigated this matter thoroughly in the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means when we had the
reciprocity treaty before us, and I hope the
House will either vote down this bill or refer
it to the Committee of Ways and Means, where
it can be examined.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Moorhead] is altogether mistaken.
This is simply a local matter, and has nothing
whatever to do with the reciprocity treaty.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The -gentleman does
not answer my question, which is, how can you
tell, when this lumber is brought into market,
whether it was grown in Maine or New Bruns-
wick?
Mr. PIKE. On this river the whole of the
lumber which can possibly be affected by this
bill amounts to about sixty million feet per
year. That is the whole manufacture of the
river. Of those sixty million feet, more than
two thirds of the whole quantity grow upon
our side of the river. Consequently there can
by no possibility be more than twenty million
feet taking advantage of this bill. Now, I tell
the gentleman that where the place of growth
is but about twenty-five, thirty, or forty miles
from the place of manufacture, there is practi-
cally no such difficulty as he suggests. The
man who manufactures the lumber is known ;
it is known whether he manufactures American
timber or New Brunswick timber; it is known
where he manufactures it; and there is no dif-
ficulty.
I will say also that I have talked with the
Secretary of the Treasury about this matter,
and he is in favor of the passage of the bill as
conducing to the convenience of the Treasury.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman whether it would not be better to
encourage the sawing of lumber on our own
side, instead of the New Brunswick side.
Mr. PIKE. That proposition was taken up
and carefully considered; and the mill-owners
on the American side of the river were op-
posed to it, because on examination it was
found that in consequence of the run of the
river there were on the_Ncw Brunswick side
conveniences which were not to be had on the
American side.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I recollect very well
that when we had before the Committee of
Ways and Means the question of the recipro-
city treaty this same question arose with ref-
erence to the St. J olm river, which I believe
heads in the State of Maine, and runs down
through one of the Provinces, where the tim-
ber was manufactured. Lumbermen from the
State of Maine appeared before the committee
protesting against any such legislation as is
proposed in this bill. All the testimony before
us was against such a proposition. The effect
of this bill will be to allow this lumber, be-
cause it is grown in the State of Maine, to go
into a foreign province to be manufactured,
thus encouraging the labor of a foreign country
in preference to our own. In addition to that,
the difficulty will be that when the lumber
comes into market it will be impossible to tell
whether it was grown in Maine or in New
Brunswick ; and the result will be that all lum-
ber grown upon that river will come in free.
Now, sir, I have no connection with the
lumber business, nor have my constituents any
connection with it. But if there are any lum-
bermen in this House, I hope they will give
this bill their attention, for it appears to me to
be contrary to a principle which should always
be regarded in our legislation.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman has not read the
bill, or he would not raise this objection. The
bill provides that this lumber shall be manu-
factured by American citizens, as well as owned
by American citizens, and that it shall be of
American growth. This measure is a simple
matter of convenience to asmall portion of the
people of my district.
Mr. PAINE. It appears from the statement
which has been made that this lumber pro-
posed to be introduced has already paid some
tax. I desire to ask the gentleman from Maine
what tax it has paid, and how and where.
Mr. PIKE. It must pay all the local tax.
Mr. PAINE. But is any tax paid on the
lumber before it is manufactured ?
Mr. PIKE. All the local tax on the logs.
The lumber on this river floats indiscriminately
on both sides. It is provided that the lumber
manufactured on the other side shall be taxed
the same as that manufactured on our side—
taxed in the logs.
Mr. Speaker, I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read a third time.
The question then recurred on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payment of kentucky military forces.
The next bill upon the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 94, providing for
the payment of certain Kentucky military
forces ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
anna e. ward.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a message from the Senate asking for a
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes between the two Houses on House bill
No. 489, granting a pension to Anna E. Ward ;
which was agreed to; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Taylor, Sawyer, and Hard-
ing of Kentucky as managers of such confer-
ence on the part of the House.
conference report.
Mr. PERHAM submitted the following re-
port, and demanded the previous question:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 363) supplementary to the several act3
relating to pensions, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recedefrom their
disagreement to Senate amendments numbered one,
two, three, four, and five.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered six, and agree to tho
same with an amendment, as follows: after the word
"to" erase the words "materially interfere with the
performance of manual labor without wholly inca-
pacitating them therefor/' and insert "render their
inability to perform manual labor equivalent to the
loss of a hand or a foot."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered seven, and agree to tho
same with an amendment, as follows: strike out all
of the new section proposed to the word "effect," and
retain the remainder as an addition to scction three
of the House bill.
That the House recedo from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered eight, and agree to tho
same with the following amendments: in the thifd.
line strike out insert " twenty-five;" m
line six strike out twenty-five" and insert * fif-
teen and in line seven, after the word " pensioner,"
insert " or his attorney in fact."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered nine, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: after the word
"age," in line six, insert " and the father as well as
the mother."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
Senate amendment numbered ten, and that the fol-
lowing be inserted after the word 41 time," in line six:
" and in every case in which a claim for pension shall
not have been filed within three years after the dis-
charge or decease of the party on whose account the
claim is made, the pension, if allowed, shall com-
mence from the date of filing the last paper in said
case by the party prosecuting the same." .
That the House refuse to recede from their disa-
greement to the Senate amendment numbered eleven,
and that the Sea&te recede from said amendment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the Senate amendment numbered twelve, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: m lines
fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen, strike out the words
"for a period of two years next preceding the enlist-
mentofthoman." SIDNEY "PERHAM,
G. V. LAWRENCE,
NELSON TAYLOR.
Managers on the part of the House.
H. S. LANE,
P. G. VAN WINKLE.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was adopted.
pension bills passed.
Mr. PERHAM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
