1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
196?
misunderstanding in regard to it, for I certainly
think the Senator from Ohio would not have
reported such a provision.
Mr. WADE. I suppose if a man has sub-
scribed for stock and paid in one fifth of it, if
in one month after a demand is made upon him
and he relaxes to pay the balance he should
forfeit the stock. Surely he cannot hold it
forever. It is a very common provision.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is right enough.
Mr. WILLEY. The object of this section is
very plain, but perhaps not well expressed. I
move, in order to meet the objections of Sen-
ators, after the word "stock,'1 in the fourth
'line, to insert "by them respectively sub-
scribed.''
Mr. CLARK- But I think that does not
accomplish what the Senator from Ohio under-
stands by this section. As I understand it,
one fifth is to be subscribed, and one tenth or
ten per cent, of that is to be paid in. Now,
you want a provision that the other nine tenths
which is to be paid shall be paid in on the
stock subscribed.
Mr. Vv'iLLI:iY. That is the object of the
section.
Mr. CLARK. The amendment which the
Senator from West Virginia proposes would
not accomplish that. I think, perhaps, he had
better pass this by, and something can be framed
to accomplish the purpose very readily.
Mr. JOHNSON. It had better be passed by
fbr a time.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. This amend-
ment will be laid by for the time being inform-
ally, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
no objection.
The next amendment was in section [six] ten,
to strike out from line one to line eleven the
following words :
Said company is hereby authorised and empowered
to purchase, lease, receive, and hold real estate, and
any other property whieh shall be deemed necessary
for the use of said company; but all such real estate
or other property, whether public or private, shall be
acquired by purchase of the same upon terras to be
agreed upon between said company and the owners
of any property which said company may desire to
lease or puichase for the purposes aforesaid; and in
case the owners of such property cannot agree upon
the terms of the sale thereot, or.
And in lieu of these words to insert:
The said company are hereby authorized and em-
powered to take, purchase, and hold for the pur-
poses of this act, so much real estate and other prop-
erty as shall be necessarily required for the proper
construction of the canal "and sewer aforesaid, and
for the construction of all proper and convenient
basins, locks, reservoirs, docks, and wharves, to be
connected with said canal and sewer. And where the
said company shall not bo able to procure such real
estate by purchase from the owner thereof, or the
owner thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [six]
ten, line thirty-eight, to strike out "and" and
to insert:
But no such inquisition shall be had until after
ten days' notice thereof has been served on the owner
of the real estate so to be taken, when he resides in
the District of Columbia, or by publication of notice
in one or more of the daily newspapers published in
the city of Ywi-hin^ton for twenty days where such
owner resides beyond the said District. When the
owner is a feme covert, the notice shall be to her and
her husband;, when he is a minor, to his guardian;
and when lie is wm cotripo-i mentis, to his committee,
or the person having- the charge of his estate. The.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines fifty-one,
fifty-two, and fifty-three of section [six] ten, to
strike out the words ;
And in case thcie be good ea.usc shown, said in-
quest may be set aside, and said chief justice shall
direct another inquisition to bo taken iu the manner
above described.
And iu lieu Qf them to insert;
Where good causo is thus shown, the said chief
justice shall sctas^de said inquest, and appoint an-
other similar commission, who shall qualify in the
same manner, and whose inquisition shail be taken,
returned, filed, and confirmed, or set aside lor good
cause shown, m the same manner as the first inqui-
sition was taken, returned, filed, 'and confirmed, or
set aside. And such commission and inquisition shall
be renewed as ol'ten as may be nocessary until the
inquisition made shall be confirmed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call the attention of the
member from Ohio to what, perhaps, is a mis-
take in the designation of the chief justice. In
the twenty-second and twenty-third lines of the
section, on page 11, he is designated as "the
chief justice of the United States district court
for the District of Columbia.': I think it should
be chief justice of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. WADE. The supreme court of the
District of Columbia it ought to be.
Mr. JOHNSON. The language here is
"the district court," in Ihe twenty-third line, on
page 11.
Mr. WADE. That ought to be amended.
It ought to be " supreme court of the District
of Columbia," instead of " United States dis-
trict court for the District of Columbia." I
move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out all of section [ten] fourteen after
the enacting clause, and in lieu thereof to insert:
That the said company shall, within thirty days
after the passage of this act, cause a constant stream
of fresh water to be turned into and upon the said
old canal, and to flow through the same from the
western corporate limits of the city of Washiugton to
the Anacostia river, and to continue so to flow until
the 20th day of October next, in default wheSbof the
said corporators of said company shall forfeit and be
jointly and severally liable to pay totheUnited States
the sum of $2,000, recoverable on motion made by the
mayor of the city of Washington or anyothcrpcrson,
after ten days' notice thereof duly served in the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia, or any other
court having competent jurisdiction. And unless tho
said canal and sewer shall have been fully constructed
and completed in the manner specified in the second
section of this act, on or against the 1st day of June,
1867; or, in case the said company shall thereafter
fail to keep the said canal ami sewer in good repair,
or clear of all sediment and deposits as by said section
it is required, for three consecutive mouths, the fran-
chise hereby granted to said company shall be for-
feited, and the rights and privileges hereby granted
shall revert to the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section after section [eleven] fifteen :
. Sec. 16. And be il further enacted, That in orderto aid
the said District of Columbia Canal and Sewerage
Company in fulfilling the objects and requirementsof
this act, tlieuseof that partof the Washington canal,
and bridges crossing said can al, for th c purposes afore-
said, between the junction of Virginia avenue and a
point near the foot ot Seventeenth street west, at the
mouth of Tiber ereek, and for the width of seventy
feet, to bo determined by a line drawn through the
center of said canal or channel and extended there-
from on either side thirty-five feet, be, and the same
are hereby, vested in the said District of Columbia
Canal and Sewerage Company, to have and to hold
the same for the use and benefit of the said company.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the amend-
ment in the eighth line bv striking out " sev-
enty" and inserting "eightv-two," so as to
make it read, "for the width of eighty-two
feet." Seventy feet is exactly the width of the
canal, leaving no chance l'or a tow-path or any-
thing of the kind ; eighty-two feet is what the
committee agreed ujjon.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WADE. It ought to be further amended
so'that they can build the canal and save re-
building one bank, for which purpose I move
to strike out the words " through the center of
said canal or channel and extended therefrom
on either side thirty-five feet" and insert "any-
where between the banks of said canal," so as
to leave them to make it between the old banks
where they please.
Mr. CLARK. I think you had better look
into that.
Mr. WADE. I see no objection to this lan-
guage, "to be determined by a line drawn any-
where between the banks of said canal," so
that they can use one bank or tho other. By the
language as it is now, they might have to build
up from a line drawn through the middle, so
as to be compelled to make two banks when
they could use one bank to an advantage.
Mr. WILLEY". The previous part of the
bill requires the canal to be seventy feet wide
at low-water line. This clause, as it now stands
requires thirty-five feet on each side, which
would only be seventy feet wide. That would
leave no room at ali for making a tow-path.
It ought to be wider, in order to give them the
privilege of making a tow-path.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator frota Ohio is to strike out
the words "through the center of said canaL
or channel, and extended therefrom, on either
side, thirty-five feet," and in lieu thereof to
insert, "anywhere between the banks of said
canal."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Ohio to that. I think he
had better strike out a little more, "to fee
determined by a line drawn," because I do not
think there is any force in the language as it is
now. I would say, "for tho width of eighty-
two feet, to be^ taken anywhere between the
banks of the said canalbecause possibly by
a line drawn anywhere between, you might run
it beyond the banks.
Mr. WADE. I believe it would mean tho
same thing, but perhaps that would be better
expressed.
Mr. CLARK. I move so to amend the
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at this
point as a new section :
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act contained shall bo held or deemed, in any
manner or way, to injure or impair anypublicor pri-
vate rights or interests, or in any manner to affect
the same beyond the mere transfer of the rights of tho
United States to said District of Columbia Canal and
Sewerage Company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after
section [twelve] eighteen the following as a
new section:
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the said
company shall permit all public property belonging
to the United Suites to pass through said canal and
sewer free of all charge or toll; and the said com-
panyshali, from time to time, as may be required, lay
before Congress a just and true account of their re-
ceipts and expenditures, with a sta temoatof the clear
profits thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I propose further to amend
the bill by adding at the end of section eigh-
teen "and that the same may be altered,
amended, or repealed by Congress."
Mr. CLARK. Put it at the end of section
twenty. I have drafted an amendment to strike
out "and" in line two of section twenty, and
add at the end of the section, " and shall be
subject to alteration or repeal;" so that the
section will read:
That this act shall be deemed a public act, shall
take effect and be in force from and after its passage,
and shall be subject to alteration or repeal.
Mr. WILLEY. I accept that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I will now move to amend
the amendment of the committee in section
eight, line four, by striking out the words "the
remaining four fifths of shares of stock" and
inserting "and" in place thereof; so that it
will read, "that the said president and directors,
and their successors, shall have full power to
demand and receive of the stockholders, in
equal proportion, and from time to time as they
shall judge necessaryand then to insert after
"necessary" the words "such sums as may
remain unpaid on any shaves of stock sub-
scribed;" so that the clause will read:
That the said president and directors, and their
successors, shall have full power to demand and re-
ceive of tho stockholders, in equal proportion, and
from time to tune, as they shall judge necessary, such
sums as may remain unpaid on any shares of stock.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and the amendment of the com-
mittee, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. WILlEl*. I move to amend the sec-
ond section, in line thirty-six, by striking out
the words "or near" and inserting "its ter-
minus in so that the clause will read ■'
And thence to the Chesapeake and Ohio canal at
its terminus in Georgetown.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment which
