8888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
ruffianly attack by that gentleman, with three
ruffian associates, upon an unarmed man, en-
gaged at the time in the discharge of his duty.
X shall not touch these things nor say one
word about them. What I rose for was to
sustain my resolution, my substitute, and I do
it for the purpose of purifying the record of
this House of what I deem to be a greater in-
fringement of the privileges of this body than
even the assault of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. I mean the report of the committee.
Now, sir, what was referred to that commit-
tee? The preamble is in these words:
"Whereas it is alleged in the public press that
Hon. Iiovell II. Rousseau, a member of this House
from the State of ICentueky, did, on the evening of
Thursday, the 14th instant, commit an assault upon
the person of Hon. J. B. Grinnell, amember of this
House from Iowa, beeause of words spoken in de-
bate in this House by the latter; and whereas said
assault, if committed, was a breach of the privileges
ol this House and of tlie member assaulted."
Undoubtedly, as the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] has well
said, there is no more power in this House to
go beyond that preamble than to bring in a
bill of indictment against any member of this
House for words spoken last year, and every
act beyond the investigation of that charge was
extra-official, from which this House should
purge itself if ever it means to take care of
its own privileges and guard its members in
future from the reports of majorities that may
be passed upon them.
After that preamble comes the resolution:
uRevolved, That a select committee of five bo ap-
pointed by the Speaker to investigatethesubject and
to report the tacts."
What subject? The snhjcct referred to and
recited. There is no other subject and no other
fact referred to the committee upon which they
could, within the fair discharge of their duty,
have reported to this House. Otherwise such
a committee may travel over the conduct of
every member of this body and every person
outside of the House, sclect men at discretion
and bring them to the bar of the House for
punishment. Sir, I look at this as a most
alarming state of things. I make these remarks
knowing the high legal and moral character of
the gentlemen that compose the committee,
and the honesty with which 1 know they have
made this report. My friend from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson-.] very irregularly, as I think, brought
this matter to the decision of the Chair. 1
think the Chair has nothing to do with it,
although I know there are precedents of that
kind. If there had been a resolution offered
in this House to investigate the conduct of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Giunnell] for words
spoken two weeks ago, then the question of
order would have been raised and properly
submitted to the Chair and decided by him.
But that time was past. The resolution con-
tained no such order, so that there is nothing
for the Speaker to decide.
I will now, therefore, proceed as though this
had not been dccided by the ingenious Speaker,
and I will discuss for a few minutes the propo-
sitions which I have stated for the purpose of
enforcing the necessity of adopting my amend-
ment, to expunge everything but the single
question with regard to the gentleman from
Kentucky, in order that the record may not
stand to future Houses as a precedent for their
action.
The sixth section of the Constitution, as al-
ready cited, speaking of the privileges of the
House of Representatives, says that for any
speech or debate in either House members
shall not be questioned in any other place.
That seems to be very explicit. To be sure
there have been very ingenious suggestions
that knocking a man down or stabbing him is
not questioning him, and that all this constitu-
tional provision means is, that if you meet a
man out of doors who has made a speech here
you shall not ask him the question whether he
made it, but you majr cut his throat or do
anything of'that kind. I do not look upon this
argument as worth answering. It is clear that
whatever is spoken in this House must be
answered in this House and nowhere else.
Otherwise the constitutional provision is not
worth a straw.
The only question then is as to the time in
which a member shall be questioned for words
spoken in debate. Now, sir, the sixty-first rule
of this House, passed long ago, is in those
words:
"If any member, in speaking or otherwise, trans-
gress the rules of the House, the Speaker shall, or any
member may, call to order; in which case the mem-
ber so called to order shall immediately sit down,
unless permitted to explain; and the House shall, if
appealed to, decide on the ease, but without debate;
if there be 110 appeal, the decision of the Chair shall
be submitted to. If the decision be in favor of the
member called to order, he shall be at liberty to pro-
ceed ; if otherwise, he ultall not be permitted to proceed,
in case any member object, without leave of the House;
and if the case require it, he shall be liable to the
censure of the House."
As the rule then stood it was loose. It was
decided that it required no taking down or
verifying of the words in writing, and there was
no limit as to the time when the member might
be censured, and it was to correct that evil that
the sixty-second rule was adopted in these
words:
" If a member be called to order for words spoken
in debate, the person calling him to order shall re-
peat the words excepted to, and they shall be taken
down in writing at the Clerk's table; and no member
shall bo held to answer, or bo subject to the censure
of the House, for words spoken in debate, if any other
member has spoken, or other business has intervened,
after the words spoken, and before exception to them
shall have been taken."
Now, sir, if there be anything in the Eng-
lish language which is explicit to remedy the
evil to which I have referred it is that. Call-
ing to order does not mean getting up and say-
ing '' I object.'" Calling to order legitimately
involves the taking down of the wouls at the
desk and recording them. And then it is fol-
lowed by a most explicit declaration that unless
that bo done, and unless the words be then ex-
cepted to, nothing is plainer in the English lan-
guage than that never afterward shall those
words be called in question or the member
censured therefor.
Now, the ingenious argument it, that that
rule consists of two parts. Why, every lawyer
knows that when there is a sentence in pari
'Materia, all on one subject, it is all to be taken
and construed together as one sentence. I do
not care about your colons and semicolons.
Statutes are all printed in solid line without
marks of punctuation. These are mere ques-
tions of the printer.
It is clear, then, as the sun in heaven that
unless an exception be taken at the time no
censure shall ever be inflicted upon the mem-
ber. And let it not be said by any well-trained
man that what you mean there by '' exception''
can be words heard and gathered by the ear or
in any loose manner. The law fixes it that
tfley must be words taken down at the desk.
Whoever attempts to censure a member for
words spoken in debate, if they are not taken
down at the desk at the time you proceed to
judgment, if anything else is done, has mis-
taken the privileges of this House and the great
rights which are guarantied by the careful lules
of this body.
[Here the hammer fell.]
• Mr. SPALDING. I yield twenty minutes
to the geutleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Thayer. ]
Mr. STEVENS. One single word, with the
permission of my colleague. So far as the
third resolution with regard to the men who
happened to be present instinctively armed,
I hold that this committee has no power or
jurisdiction over them, and that the resolution
condemning them without being summoned
before this House, is an outrage upon them
as much as the resolution in regard to the
gentleman from Iowa is an outrage upon him.
Mr. THAYIiR. It was not my intention to
trouble the House with any remarks, but to
have contented myself with the simple duty
which I have already discharged as a member
of the committee. But the general course of
the debate, and particularly the remarks which
have fallen from some gentlemen who have
some reply upon the part of gentlemen upon
whom was imposed the unpleasant duty of
being on this committee. Perhaps, sir, that
committee, in view of the criticism of my
learned colleague, [Mr. Stevens,] ought to
congratulate themselves if, when this question
is finally decided, everybody does not escape
except the committee. They should perhaps
congratulate themselves if they escape cen-
sure ; while everybody approximately and re-
motely concerned in this invasion of the priv-
ileges of Congress goes unwhipped of justice.
My colleague, with that moderation of lan-
guage with which we know he is accustomed
to characterize measures which do not seem to
square precisely with his own prejudiced views,
told the House, in so many words, that the
proposition made by the committee would be
an infraction of the privileges of the House
greater than that which was inflicted by the
gentleman from Kentucky upon the gentleman
from Iowa. Sir, I have great respect for my
colleague; I have great respect for many of his
opinions; and certainly the very greatest re-
spect for him personally, and T know T shall
never be betrayed by anything which my col-
league may say into saying anything which can
be construed as disrespectful to him.
But, sir, as a member of this committee I
am not quite content with the allegation of my
colleague. I beg the House to look at "the
monstrous proposition" which is held up here
by my colleague for their condemnation. This
committee had imposed upon them a most un-
pleasant duty. They were instructed by this
House to inquire into the circumstances of an
assault committed inconsequence of words used
in debate. Now, my colleague, in his cunning
and artful plea of the statute of limitations,
which he has put in here in behalf of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, seems to think that there is
nothing in the resolution of instructions to the
committee but the part upon which he chose
to comment in the hearing of this House. Sir,
the committee were instructed to inquire into
the circumstances of the assault and whether
it was made in conscquence of words uttered
in debate in this House. And because this
committee have inquired into that fact, and
whether the assault was in consequence of
words uttered in debate ; and because in pur-
suance of the instructions of this House the
committee have reported to this House what
action ought to be taken under these circum-
stances, their report is characterized as a
greater infraction of the privileges of this
House than the assault of the gentleman from
Kentucky on the member from Iowa.
Mr. STEVENS. Will my colleague allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. THAYER. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish merely to have my
views properly understood. I hold that the
committee had a right to inquire whether the
assault was made in consequence of words
spoken in debate. But when they had gone
thus far they had no right to inquire what
those words wore, or anything else about it,
for they were no palliation of the offense, and
they could not react upon other parties.
Mr. THAYER. I do not object, I have no
right to object to any opinions which my col-
league may choose to hold upon that subject.
It may be that the committee have transcended
their jurisdiction. I do not profess to be as
clear-sighted, and I certainly have had none
of the vast experience of my colleague. I
only undertake to justify the action of the
committee according to my own views of the
case, and to vindicate myself, as a member
of that committee, from the language which is
applied to their report by my colleague from
the Lancaster district, [Mr. Stevens.]
My colleague also finds great fault with the
committee for having ventured to propose the
third of this series of resolutions. On former
occasions I have heard much from my colleague
of the brutality which characterized a certain
period of the parliamentary history of this coun-
try. I have heard him speak of " Barksdale's
gleaming blade," and of many other things
