1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
to render them void. Was it by ceasing to
make war? That brought peace, not reconcil-
iation. Reconstruction is not so tritiing or so
cheap a thing that it was to be had by a van-
quished enemy upon his own terms.
The leading rebels, say they fought for prin-
ciple. If they had a right to make war, we were
wrong in opposing them; and the right to make
war on principle is as good in their behalf to-'
day as it was when they first fired upon Sumter.
It is exactly for the reason that they claim
to have been right in rebelling that we are in
duty bound so to arrange matters in the new
order of things that neither the rebel States
nor others shall ever hereafter have the pre-
tense of authority to institute a rebellion, make
war upon the Union, and institute a hostile
government within it.
And we, the Representatives of the loyal peo-
ple of the Union, propose to become the sole
judges ourselves of the terms and time of that
restoration.
We can no more submit that question to the
judgment and decision of those lately in rebel-
lion than could our Union generals have dared
to submit their councils of war to be controlled
by rebel leaders when great battles with treason
were pending. If we had submitted to a war,
such as they would have directed on our part,
we should have had a brief and bloodless con-
flict, the confederacy would have triumphed,
and our Union dissevered forever.
As in war, so now in peace, we shall take
care to guard the citadel of freedom ; and while
we proffer the right hand of fellowship to those
who have so long and so persistently struggled
to destroy us, let them know that solemn duty
requires that we exercise the same watchful
vigilance in legislation that our soldiers did in
war to preventthe success of the enemies of the
Union, that it may not be said of ns hereafter, to
our shame, that the achievement of our armies
came up to the summit of public expectation
and did its work well in breaking down the
rebellion, but that Congress was wanting in
wisdom or fidelity to make secure the fruits of
victory.
Who does not know that an unconditional
restoration of those States would result in fresh
revolls, and that all our bloody battles will
have to be fought over again before our grand-
children shall have attained to manhood ?
Why did we fight at all, if the cause of the
conflict is to remain as seed of future carnage?
Nay, sir, peace is too sweet, and blood too pre-
cious, to be exposed to the perils of such re-
construction. The hour has come, and the men
are here, to do the work that loyal people are
praying for. Let us do it as men instructed by
four years of terrible conflict, and inspired by
the prayers of millions of loyal hearts, who feel
deeply the magnitude of the work upon our
hands, and who daily and hourly ask God to
help us to wise and safe conclusions.
We ask no concessions of these people that
would be degrading or unmanly in them to
concede; we ask nothing that should offend
the pride of brave men ; we must demand of
them that they renounce the right to take the
life of the nation. May we not do this? Nay,
will we be held guiltless if we accept anything
less?
Slavery is gone ; it expired before they laid
down their arms ; that much we have without
asking ; it fell by the sword, the arbiter to
which its friends appealed. One of the great
elements of discord it certainly was, and pos-
sibly without it our late troubles would never
have overtaken us. But there is now a time
to remove the remaining roots of bitterness
that if left untouched may give us future grief.
Let us pul! them out, and as we start afresh
with a reconstructed Union, let it be under the
most favorable circumstances, that the hearts
and hopes of our people may be fully inspired
with the promises of a glorious future.
The greatpurpose, the only purposepfthe war
on our part, was the suppression of armed re-
bellion. By war we broke down the military
power of the insurgent States; in no other way
was it possible to make head against treason,
and save the nation. We did break it down, and
a quasi peace, thepeacewenowhave, succeeded
the noble achievements of our armies. But
who will dare to assert, in the face of facts
known to exist, that treason has been exter-
minated, or that the peace we have is such a
peace as gives that ample confiding security to
persons and property we have a right to de-
mand upon any foot of land over which the
rebel flag ever floated as the emblem of con-
federate rule ?
Why, sir, the most hopeful portion of all the
South, whence the word of promise is brought
to our ears with a persuasive soothing that flat-
ters us with the hope of settled peace and loy-
alty, and that treason and rebellion are only
spoken of as things of the past—even there,
we have almost daily reports of utterances and
acts of treason of the most startling character.
Such is the unsettled condition of things "even
there that bushwhackers, highwaymen, and
bandits carry on their trade of crime and out-
rage within the very limits of the State capital,
and all the civil, military, and moral power of
the State is utterly inadequate to the preser-
vation of order or the protection of the loyal
people; and nothing but the national forces
in the vicinity prevents the outlaws from driv-
ing the loyal citizens out of the State, and trea-
son—bold, unblushing treason—again sprea^l
out its bloody banner over that devoted land.
The war did not squelch out rebellion ; it
simply disarmed it. It did not burn out trea-
son ; it lowered its front and taught it to be
silent, and that silence is the peace we have—
nothing more.
It is not merely an empty, nominal peace
that we are seeking, that we are struggling to
establish for the people of the South, but a
healthful, vigorous peace, that carries upon its
front the tegis of security to the people every-
where ; a repose founded upon universal loy-
alty, the honest resolves of penitent men to
ccase to do evil and to learn to do well ; men
who, whatever may have been their former
guilt in the great crime against their country,
are willing to abandon all their wicked pur-
poses and in good faith to return to their alle-
giance, and by word and deed help to restore
to our common country all that it has lost in
the rebellion, as far as it may be attainable by
human effort.
The experience of every day, in this Hall,
satisfies me that the great work before us, if
done right, must be done by the friends of the
Union ; done in the face of a watchful and per-
sistent Opposition that permits no occasion to
pass unimproved to embarrass every effort we
make in the direction of reconstruction.
The same spirit that was manifested during
the entire war—that hung like a perpetual night-
mare upon the nation, sugar-coated croaking,
wearing upon the surface a gloss of patriotism,
but at the core full of sympathy for the cause of
the enemy—is visible at every step we take in
this work, and, while it necessarily embarrasses
our movements, inspires the rebels with hopes
of terms they know they do not deserve and
would not ask but for the encouragement of
such ill-timed service ; it emboldens them to
demand terms of return in the defiant tone of
victors and not in the submissive spirit of a
vanquished people.
When first these men were subdued, and their
armies surrendered, they were ready to accept
peace upon any terms; death to the leaders,
confiscation to the rich, and disfranchisement
to the rank and file would have been accepted
as reasonable by men who knew and felt they
had forfeited everything, even life itself, by the
crimes they had committed.
But a sympathizing party—the same that
gave them aid and comfort in war—still faith-
ful to its instincts, followed them in their mis-
fortunes, and inspired their hopes by assuring
them they had done no wrong; they had merely
asserted a political principle; that was their
undisputed right; they failed to maintain it,
not because they were wrong, but because they
were overborne by brute force.
The whisperings of such friends gave them
encouragement; tjiey revived in spirit, and in-
stead of being suppliants at our feet, a crushed
people, fallen in a bad cause, they became
emboldened, and assume to dictate to us the
terms upon which they will accept the peace
we tender them. The same fell spirit follows
their cause into this Capitol, and every suc-
ceeding day introduces us to. new apologists,
who seem best pleased with themselves when
they have done the most to justify the insur-
gents and criminate their country.
Instead of helping us to carve out some safe
system that shall restore the quiet of the coun-
try and the harmony of the Union, and soften
down the asperities that naturally exist on both
sides, we are met at every step with a stub-
born, I may say a malignant, antagonism, and
denounced as tyrants, oppressors, and vio-
lators of the Constitution, while the guilty,
blood-stained rebels, are held up as the lambs
of innocence, and the only persons deserving
especial regard in all that may be done in the
work of reconstruction.
If we propose to sponge out the rebel debt,
we are told it would violate the Constitution.
If we propose to disfranchise leading rebels
who have been conspicuous in treason, we are
told it would be unconstitutional. If we pro-
pose equalizing the representation in Congress
so that a South Carolina rebel shall, at most,
not possess more political power than a loyal
Ohioan, we are told it would be unconstitu-
tional. If we propose to amend the Constitu-
tion, without first inviting the whole rebel del-
egation to seats in this body, it is denounced as
unconstitutional.
The o«th we take, as members of this House,
though good enough for those whose loyalty
has not been questioned, is too strtfng for the
reconstructed rebel, and his friends here de-
nounce it as unconstitutional, and demand its
modification or repeal. If we propose the es-
tablishment of a Freedmen's Bureau by which
peace shall be secured in localities where pub-
lie virtue has gone down so low that it cannot
maintain social order, we are told "it is uncon-
stitutional. If we give a morsel of food to the
starving poor of the rebel States, to spare to
the Lazaruses of the South, black or white, the
crumbs from the rich man's table, we are re-
buked forour ill-timed charity, and admonished
in a Christian spirit that it were better those
crumbs be cast to rebels' dogs than thus to vio-
late the Constitution.
In short, we can make no move in the direc-
tion of reconstruction without arousing the fury
of the constitutional lions of this House, whose
peculiar province seems to be to take care that-
that sacred instrument receives ne damage at
the hands of loyal men. Rebels may tear it
down and trample it under foot, make war
upon the Union, destroy the property and lives
of our people, set up a hostile government,
and move heaven and earth for our destruction,
and yet it is all entirely satisfactory to these
vigilant, Argus-eyed guardians of the Constitu-
tion, and clearly within the letter and spirit of
that instrument as construed by them and their
rebel friends. In their opinion, the Constitu-
tion gives weapons to its adversaries, and in-
vites its own destruction, but has no rights of
self-protection or motives to use them.
Shame upon such statesmanship ! It smacks
of the patriotism of Arnold. In the hands of
such men, the nation could not stand a twelve-
month. A majority in Congress thus disposed,
our Union would be quietly dissolved and
multitude of separate nations would arise from
its ashes, full of the elements of eternal warfare.
But why such haste to get back into the
Union? Is it our good, or the good of those
lately in rebellion, that is to be consulted by a
precipitate restoration?
And when did they discover that the Union
tliey so causelessly abandoned without our con-
sent five years ago, is now so very precious in
their esteem ? l)o they return to revive in Con-
gress the quarrel they lost by war. as asserted
by a conspicuous leader of the South claiming
a seat in this Hall?
Do they expect to have the vice president of
