1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
the confederacy, Alexander H. Stephens, and
his colleague, Herschel Y. Johnson, a man of
equal rank and fame in the annals of the rebel-
lion, to enter the Senate and mouth out treason
after the model of Toombs and Iverson, whose
seats they would fill for loyal Georgia?
Do they expect the country to be especially
blessed in the delegates from districts where
ioyal men dare not offer themselves as candi-
dates, and where only those rendered famous
by their services or their wounds in the work of
rebellion are chosen to Congress? Is this the
feast to which we are invited in the name of the
Union? Are these the associates with whom
we are to mingle, and with whose help just and
patriotic laws are to be made for the loyal peo-
ple of the land? God forbid that everthatday
shall come to this fair land of ours, when its
precious interest shall be committed to such
legislation! Liberty is too valuable to be haz-
arded by such an unnatural commingling of
treason and loyalty. If the South can send here
none other than her rebel leaders as represent-
atives in the national councils, then we shall
act wisely to do without their presence, as we
have done for five years past.
Has she no loyal men worthy of her confi-
dence? Then let her wait until time and a new
generation shall furnish her with afresh growth
of available men. The children of Israel were
forty years passing through their probation pre-
paratory to entering upon the promised land.
Let us not hasten to destruction; a little pa-
tience in this matter can dothe country no harm.
The South have ample national protection, and
no good thing will be withheld from them; but
they must not minister in sacred things until
they are freed from the savor of treason, and
the blood of the rebellion has been washed from
their hands.
And now, sir, having undisguisedly expressed
my detestation of treason, and denounced it
and its authors as I feel they deserve, 1 am,
notwithstanding all I have said and believe
011 the subject, and notwithstanding tlie recent
demonstrations at the other end of the avenue,
as unexpected as they are unfortunate, and
deeply to be regretted by every friend of the
Government—demonstrations but too well cal-
culated, if not so intended, to open an impassa-
ble gulf between the legislative and executive
departments that cannot fail, under the exer-
cise of the utmost forbearance and wisdom of
Congress, in embarrassments of a most injuri-
ous, if not of a lasting character to the country
—I say, I am ready at'any hour the committee
shall report upon the claims of the delegates
from Tennessee and Arkansas, to vote for the
admission of such of them as are prepared to
take the oath required, unless some unexpected
developments be made in such report as to ren-
der it impossible for me to do so, consistent
with my duty and mv oath.
I should not do so because I am at all satisfied
there is that abounding loyalty of the masses of
those Stales that I would desire to see—for cer-
tainly they come far short of it—but because I
believe there is a germ of honest patriotism
there, which, by kindly cultivation, will grow
into reliable loyalty; aud because I feel so
well assured of the healthy tone of public sen-
timent that abounds elsewhere among the stead-
fast friends of the Union, that it would involve
no serious risk by a reunion with a small por-
tion of our estranged brethren, who, if not so
fully endowed with all the visible graces of re-
turning loyalty, are aspiring to a state of recon-
ciliation that ought not to be despised.
They reach out to us the right hand of fra-
ternal friendship, if I may not say love ; they
hold up the olive branch and say peace ; they
send as messengers their gifted and honored
sons, all of whom have been faithful in their
allegiance to the Government throughout our
struggle—some of them are scarred with honor-
able wounds received while lighting our battles
against treason. Shall we spurn them from us
under such circumstances ? Shall we discredit
their sincerity, and turn them back to their
States to tell their people how coldly, how mer-
cilessly a Union Congress had repulsed them ?
39th Ooxg. 1st Sess.—No. 64.
I trust I do not yield too much to sympathy
in considering this case, and in the ardor of
my desire to reclaim those who, in an evil
hour wandered from the flock, advance too
far to gather them back into the fold.
We are not in the mood to give in too easily
to such impulses. The past is too full of bit-
ter recollections to render it probable that we
should be overcome with such weakness, but
while I hope to preserve that safe medium be-
tween softness and severity, if I must err, in
God's name, let my weakness turn on mercy's
side.
We must begin somewhere and sometime
with these people ; they cannot always remain
out, in the cold ; and it cannot be just to such
as deserve our consideration to turn them
away until the more obdurate are qualified for
admittance. Bach State, each district, must
stand, upon its own merits ; we must act upon
individual cases ; it is best so to do ; we shall
thereby have the benefit of a partial trial of
the operations of the process of reconstruction,
and can avail ourselves of its teachings with-
out involving any great national interests in
peril.
And I would be glad if the partial regard thus
manifested toward those States would exert a
favorable influence upon the other States to
follow the example thus set them, and in future
elections have some regard to qualification of
members of Congress that will make them ac-
ceptable in this Capitol. But if they heed not
this counsel, and still press upon us such men
as spurn to take the oath of office administered
to all others here, then we say, "Get thee be-
hind me, Satan." This citadel of constitutional
freedom must not be desecrated by a return of
treason. Around the altar where liberty offers
its incense let none but patriots kneel.
We are told with great emphasis by gentle-
men who assume to be especially gifted with
the spirit of prophecy that if all those States
are not immediately recognized and their dele-
gates admitted to seats on this floor that the
Union may as well be declared dissolved. Yain
declaration this to veteran Union men, whohave
grown familiar with these thundering threats
for five years past, for they have been uttered
from every stump in the country where a cop-
perheadorator could command a dozen hearers.
We were solemnly warned that, if we made
war upon the rebellion it would destroy the
Union, and that we must compromise a peace
if we would save the nation. We listened to
the siren song of compromise, and thought
there might be-something in the caution it sug-
gested ; we tried compromise, but the impe-
rious'spirit of the South scorned to listen to
our offers, and closed the door in our faces with
the arrogant assumption by J elferson Davis that
" the time for compromises was gone."
The rebels appealed to arms; we accepted
the challenge as the only remaining alternative
except submission, which we dare not for a
moment entertain ; the nation triumjihed, the
rebels weni, down, treason struck its flag, and
the Union still survives.
1 have said, Mr. Speaker, that the hostile
spirit of the Opposition in this House indi-
cates very clearly that if anything is done in
the way of reconstruction, with a view to the
safety of the country, it must be done by the
Union party here, unaided by the Opposition :
nay, sir, not content with a mere silent nega-
tive upon every move we make, but an open,
fierce assault at eveiy point, with all the power
they can command.
It is not strange or new that they thus array
themselves against their country ; they have
done so from the beginning of our troubles,
increasing in the intensity of their opposition
on each fresh occasion. In the midst of the
war, when we were passing a crisis, when the
Government needed the help of every citizen
—his money, his vote, his good will at least,
if he had nothing better to yield—where were
these vain boasters of Democracy? Denoun-
cing the war. denouncing Lincoln, denouncing
Congress, denouncing our generals, denoun-
cing our soldiers, casting epithets aud odium
upon everything connected with the war against
treason.
They opposed all the measures devised for
raising means to carry on the war, to feed and
clothe and pay the soldiei's, to procure them
the arms and munitions of war. They opposed
taxes, opposed tariffs, opposed loans, opposed
greenbacks, opposed volunteering, opposed
conscriptions, opposed filling the ranks with,
white men or black men, opposed everything
in every shape and form presented that tended
to advance the great work of breaking down the
rebellion. They did this in Congress, they did-
it in their primary meetings, in State conven-
tions, in their national convention at Chicago,
held but a few months before the downfall of
the rebellion, and when they knew it was re-
duced to the last extremity, and only lived upon
the food that the hopes of that convention af-
forded it; then and there, they solemnly but
wickedly, falsely, and treasonably resolved the
war of the Union to suppress the rebellion had
proved a failure!
The war a failure! Was it so? Where was it
afailure? AtFortDonelson,atShiloh, atVieks-
burg, at Gettysburg, at a hundred other battles
that I need not name? All were before that
convention assembled : and the whole country,
South as well as North, felt and knew that the
rebels were in utter despair, and that it only
required a ripening of the plans of our great
generals to wind up the conflict beyond all pos-
sible contingency favorable to the Union.
And yet they resolved the war a failure!
Yes, sir, and that resolve gave the traitors a
spasmodic pulsation of vigor, and in the hope
that success would attend its nominations at
the pending presidential election, whereby they
expected to secure a new and formidable sup-
port at the right time and in the right place
and the right men ; they did revive and seemed
to manifest a conscious inspiration of success.
But the hope thus kindled in rebel hearts was
short-lived ; the lire soon went out, and with it
the spirit of the deluded traitors, who had a
brief luxury in feeding upon anticipations of
the promised reality. The election came, and
those who resolved the war a failure lived to
see that they themselves were the failure ; the
friends of the country and the war gloriously
triumphed; Lincoln and Grant and Sherman
and the Army and the Navy triumphed at the
ballot-box as well as in the collision of arms.
The Democracy were sad and desponding, and
so were theirrebelfriends; theDemocracy were
whipped, horse, foot, and dragoons, and soon
were their rebel allies to share a like fate. Time
moved apace, and so did our armies; the rebels
saw the shadow of coming events with a sharp-
ness of vision that proved their tenacity of life,
and such as could do so fled from the wrath to
come; those, that were besieged resigned them-
selves to the fate of choosing the alternatives of
death by the bayonet or starvation, but finally
resolving that after so long a conflict they were
not so ready to die as when they first began the
war upon the Union, and so they wisely de-
cided to save their lives by a timely surrender.
They did surrender; the war was not a failure,
but a success, a glorious success, a triumph, not
only over treason in the land of traitors, but an
equal triumph over the sympathizers of treason
everywhere; and those sympathizers, with as
much bitterness of feeling and perhaps more
deadly and malignant hate of us than the rebels
themselves, seem never to forget or forgive the
Union party for saving the nation and spoiling
their meditated plans and prospects of future
advancement to place and power.
1 have said the rebel cause was revived by
the encouragement derived from the Chicago
convention. It was so; and the vigor thus in-
fused into the souls of the desponding rebels
led them to renewed contests upon the field
that cost them and us thousands of valuable
lives—lives of noble and brave men mercilessly
sacrificed by the treasonable resolves and assur-
ances of an unfaithful party, led by men ',\ no,
to attain power, were willing to ruin their
country. • .
Almost daily, during the most criticalperiods
