1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1969
with the French Government in regard to the with-
drawal ot its forces from Mexico, which may ha\e
been exchanged since the correspondence commu-
mc.itcd to the House with the President's message
ot Janu-uy 5,1SG(>; whether that coriespondeuce has
been published by the French Government among
the olilciai documents communicated to the French
Ciianibois or not, and specially any correspondence
m regard to any bpeeUie promise from the French
hmperor to put a stop to his proceeding.-* in our sis-
ter republic of Mexico and discontinue imperialism
there.
amendment of the kules.
Mr. PAINE offered the following resolution,
and demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Rules be in-
structed to inquire into and report upon theexpedi-
eney of providing by amendment ot Hie rules that
when the House shall have under consideration a
bill or resolution which shall have been returned by
the President with his objections to the House in
which it originated, neither the motion to lay on the
table nor the motion to postpone indefinitely shall
be m order.
Mr- DAVIS., Iobjcct, ifobjectionisinorder.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is intro-
duced under the regular call of the States.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, no quorum voted.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Paine and Davis.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 00, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
The question was put j and there were—ayes
41, noes 49.
Mr. FINCK. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the negative—yeas 45, nays 57, not voting 81 j
as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Beaman, Bingham, Boyer,
Brandegee, Buckland, Bundy, Davis, l)efrees, Eld-
ridge, Farnsv.rorth, Finck, Glossb^enner, Goodyear,
Ilale, Aaioii Harding, Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James M. Hum-
phrey, Kas&on, Ketcha-m, lvuykendall, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, McCullough. Niblack, Nichol-
son, Patterson, Phelps, Plants, Raymond, Rogers,
Rollins, Shanklin. Sitgreave3, Taber, Taylor, John
L. Thomas, Elihu B. "Washburne, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William 13. Washburn, and Whaley—45.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Dclos R. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin, Benjamin, Bidwell, Boutwell, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke,ConkJing, Cook, Iteming, Eek-
ley, lhgleston, Eliol, Gartield, Abner C. Harding,
Hayes, Higby, Holmes, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian,
Kolley, Latlin, Lynch, McClurg. MeRuer, Mcrcur,
Miller. Moorhoad, Morris, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill,
0. iii. Paine,Price, Alexander!!. Rice.tSehenck,Sco-
field, Shcllabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Fran-
cis Thomas,Trowbridge, Upson, Ward, Warner,Wel-
kei.Wentworth, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson, Wmdom,and Woodbridge—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Aneona, Anderson,
James M.Ashley, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bergen,
Blaine, Blow, Bromwell, Broomall, Chanler, Cobb,
Coffroth, Ouilom, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Dawson,
Delano, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs,
Dumont, Farquhar, Ferry, Grider, Unnnell, Gris-
woM, Harris, Hart, Hooper, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubhard, James
R. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Kelso, Kerr, William Lawrence, Le Blond,
Loan.Longyear, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, Moln-
doc, McKee, Morrill, Newell, Noell, Perham,, Pike,
Pomeroy, Radiord, (Samuel J. Randall, William II.
Randall, John H. Rice, Bitter, Boss, Ilousseau, Saw-
yer, Sloan. Smith, Starr, Stilwell.Stropsc, Thornton,
Trimble, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Winiicld, and Wright—81.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The main question was then ordered, and
the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
eight-hour system.
"Mr. INGERSOLL offered the following pre-
amble and resolution:
Whereas it is one of the paramount duties of all
legi^-lative bodies to lighten as much as possible the
burdens upon the laboring classes and promote the
general welfare: Therefore,
Be.it re/solved by the Hon $e of R opracntativen^ That the
Committee for the District of Columbia be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing by law
the ci^lU-hour system, as it is called, as constituting
a day's work in the Distrtct of Columbia, and that
said committee be authorized to report by bill or
otherwise at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 124.
to the committee being allowed to report "at
any time."
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will strike that out.
Ml'' FA R N S W 0 R TII. T move to amend
by inserting six hours aud a half instead of
eight, if that is in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the gentleman in-
cludes himself among the laboring classes I
will accept the amendment; if he does not I
do not accept it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would inquire
whether the resolution embraces laborers in
'the employ of the Government.
Mr. INGERSOLL. It includes everybody
so far as this city is concerned.
Mr. WILSON of Iowa. So far as the em-
ployes of the Government are concerned, the
Committee 011 the Judiciary have agreed upon
a report.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am aware of that.
This resolution goes further than the one that
is before that committee. It proposes to estab-
lish the system by law for the laboring classes
in this District. ■*"
The SPEAKER. If it gives rise to debate
it goes over.
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire whether
if they work nine hours there is any penalty.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Notyet. Idemandthe
previous question.
The question being put on seconding the
demand for the previous question, 110 quorum
voted.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. McCullough and Ikgersoll.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 35, noes 47; no quorum voting.
Several Members. Withdraw it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not propose to
withdraw it. I move a call of the House. 1
want a quorum here.
The SPEAKER. There is evidently a quo-
rum present,.
Mr. INGERSOLL. You cannot prove it by
me. [Laughter.] I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The call of the House was refused.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask that the
Chair count the House so as to ascertain if
there is a quorum present.
The SPEAKER counted the House and
announced that there wore one hundred and
eleven members present.
Mr. BOYER. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. That cannot interrupt the
mornihg hour on Monday.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I hope the tellers will
be required to resume their places.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. is it in order to
move to lay the resolution of my colleague
upon the table? - .
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I make that
motion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion, and call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ingersoll
and Demixg were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-four, noes not counted.
So the jeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 15, nays 92, not voting
76; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Davis, Farnsworth, Goodyear,
Grirmcil. Aaron Harding, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jonckes,
Laflin, George V. Lawrence, McKee, Mercur, Moor-
head, Price, Shanklin, and Stevens—15.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Dclos R. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin. Bidwell.
Bingham, Boyer, Brandegee, Bromwell, Buckland,
Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Defrees, Demmg, Donnelly,
Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, FinckGlossbrenner, Hale,
Abner C. Harding, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill,
Hogan, Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester
D Hubbard, James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Kelley,
Kelso. Ketcham, Kuykendall. Latham, Loan, Long-
vear, McClurg. McCullough. MeRuer, Miller, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, 0 Ncill, Orth,
Paine. Patterson, Perham. Plants, William H. Ran-
dall, Ravmond, Alexander H. llice, John H. Rice.
Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Schcnck, Seofield Sitsreaves,
Spalding, Tabor, Taylor, Thayer, John E. Thomas,
Thornton, Ward, Warner, ElihuB.W ashburne, Henry
D. Wash burn, "William B. Wash burn, Welker, Whaley,
Williams. .Tame-* T. Wil-on, Stephen J:". WiUon, "YYm-
dom, and Woodbridge—\''l.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Alley, Aneona, Anderson,
James ?■■!. A-Jilev, Banks, Bar!,er, Bergen, Blaine,
Blow. Boutwell, Broomall, Coffroth. Cullom, Culver,
Darling, Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Denison, Dixon.
Dodge, Driggs, Burnout, Eckley, Farijuhnr, 1'erry,
Garfield, Grider, Grihwoid, Hams, Hart, Ilotchkiss,
Demas Hubbard, John 11. llnbbard, James iiub-
bell, Hulbuid, James Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Julian, Kasson, Kerr, William Lawrence, Le Blond,
Lynch,Marshnll.Marston, Marvin, Mclndoe, Morrill,
Newell, Noell. Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Hitter, Rousseau, Sawyer, Shel-
labarger, Sloan, .Smith, Shirr, Stilwell, Strouse,
I'rancis Thomas, Trimble, Trowbiidgc, Upson, Van
Aernam Burt Van Horn, Robert X. Van Horn, Wont-
worfch, Wmfield, and "Wright—76.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
upon the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. LONGYEAR said: Mr. Dmggs is ab-
sent 111 consequence of illness.
Mr. HOGAN said : My colleague, Mr.
Nobll, is absent in consequence of sickness.
I presume he would vole u no " if here.
Mr. ELDRIDGE said: I desire to say that
Mr. Le Bloxii is paired for two weeks with
Mr. Cullom.
Mr. SIIANKLTV said: I desire to stale that
my colleague, Mr. Tkimjile, is paired for two
weeks from Friday last with Mr. Alley, of
Massachusetts.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour
having expired, the resolution would go over
until next Monday.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I move to proceed
to the business on tlie Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
sale of liquors in tins capitol.
The House accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration, as the first business on the Speak-
er's table, of the amendments of the House,
disagreed to by the Senate, to the concurrent
resolution prohibiting the sale of spirituous
and other liquors in the Capitol building and
grounds.
The action of the Senate on said amendments
was read, as follows :
Ix Senate, Arril 13,180(1.
Itenolvcd, That the Senate chsagreo to the amend-
ments of the House ot Representatives to the fore-
going resolution.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move that the House
insist on its amendments and ask a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and on that motion I move the previous
question, as there arc a large number of gentle-
men here who have business to bring forward.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question until I can make a single sug-
gestion.
Mr. "WENTWORTH. I must decline to do
so as there are many gentlemen here who have
business to present.
The previous question "was seconded.
Upon ordering the main question there were
upon a division—ayes 51, noes 18; noquoruii;
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. West-
worth and Eldridge were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty-three, noes not counted.
So the main question was ordered.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Wentworth that the House insist upon its
amendments to the concurrent resolution, and
ask for a committee of conference ; and being
taken, it was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed
Messrs. Wentworth, Price, and Randall of
Pennsylvania.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills ot the
