10X0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24
i
of the war, the rebels were stimulated by
speeches and votes of the Democracy of this
House. They saw in the proceedings here that
Congress was as much divided in its counsels
concerning the suppression of the rebellion as
the great contending parties were in the field;
and the rebels had good reason to believe, as
did many Union men fear, that so many mem-
bers so ardently struggling in their behalf in
Congress would not be without a corresponding
influence in the Army, with like sympathies,
holding positions potent for mischief, and that
an unlucky day would come when at a given
signal the Union Army might be delivered into
the hands of the enemy.
Day after day leading members thus inclined
declared, with insolent bravado, that they had
not voted a man or a dollar to carry on the
war; and the treasonable sentiments were re-
ceived by their party with marked approbation.
A member solemnly declared, in a deliberate
speech in his place, that there were but two ways
to obtain peace: one was by a war of exter-
mination, the other by conceding to the confed-
erates their demand of separation and inde-
pendence; and that he preferred to concede.
His party stood up_ to him almost to a man,
adopting his offensive, traitorous declaration,
and thereby became as guilty as himself.
Another member rises in his place and
shocks the moral sense of all loyalpersons pres-
ent by "praying God Almighty that we may
novci- subjugate the South.'' He is called to
account tor his treasonable utterance; the Union
members vote his condemnation, but his party
rally to his support, justify his horrid impreca-
tion, adopt it as proper, and sav«? him from
expulsion, voting to retain him as a worthy and
loyal member of this House.
With such scenes transpiring in Congress,
with such repeated and continued manifestations
of divided counsels, and in which divisions so
large a number of members constantly, earn-
estly, and persistently adhered by speech and
vote and sympathy to the cause of the rebel-
lion, is it not a marvel that we did escape mis-
carriage cither in the council or the field?
Sir, any other people, except such as formed
and controlled the sentiments and actions of
the great Union party of the country, would
have been excited to acts of violence. That it
was not so is attributable to the clemency and
forbearance of the loyal people. But it might
not be safe for such men to presume too much
upon the precedent; the men who standby their
country in such conflicts may not always be
thus indulgent toward such flagrant offenders.
With these scenes transpiring daily in Con-
gress, and telegraphed to the rebel leaders by
the unbounded facilities this city afforded, and
by these disseminated through the rebel camps,
it is easy to conceive how powerfully it would
stimulate them to action. How long it enabled
them to hold out, the vigor it infused, into their
souls, the thousands of brave men it brought
to the sacrilice, no human mind can tell; but
all men must see. and the calm, deliberate judg-
ment of the world must say, that the just re-
sponsiblities of this terrible conflict with the
rebellion must bo divided, and that while the
active fighting rebels are very guilty, their sym-
pathizers of the North have charged to them a
debt of blood and suffering and death of the
best and bravest of our loyal sons, that is not
cane ;led or forgotten, and faithful, impartial
history will so record it in enduring letters, to
stand in the annals of time as a perpetual me-
morial of unmitigated treason.
And now that the war is ended, and the duty
of restoring order to the country is transferred
from the camp to the council, from the soldier
to the civilian, no people assume to know so
much and so well how to reconstruct our Gov-
ernment as these same sympathizers who have
hung around the necks of the loyal men like
iictuei' millstones from the beginning of the
rebellion to the firing of the last rebel gun.
Jlr. Speaker, we expect to do this work, and
we expect to do it well; but wo do not expect
to be wrought up into indecent haste, either
by the importunities of the insurgents, or the
clamor and abuse of the Opposition in this Hall.
We will strive to pursue the even tenor of our
way, with hatred toward none and an honest
purpose to observe and regard the interests of
all, but at the same time fully resolved, above
all other considerations, to stand by the country
and preserve the Union.
I know our Democratic friends manifest great
affection for the Union and are exceedingly
anxious to take it into their especial keeping,
but we have seen too much of their animus to
trust them. Judas murmured that he did not
have the care of the precious ointment that
Mary bestowed upon our Saviour, not that he
expected to use it to better purpose, but that
he might sell it in the market and steal the
money.
Our Constitution,the great work of our fathers,
we revere; it came from the hands of wise and
good men; and with none but good men to con-
trol, it would need no improvement; but, un-
fortunately, there were those among us who
sought out many inventions and have assumed to
use that sacred instrument as authority for its
own destruction, and thereby break down the
Government for which it was made. As a guard
against this in the future, now that we are ad-
vised of the needed improvements, we propose
to amend that Constitution, not to destroy it,
not to mar its symmetry or beauty, but to make
strong its weak places, so that others who may
cherish so tender a regard for its sacredness or
the memory of its revered authors shall not
have the semblance of authority when they shall
hereafter meditate its destruction.
There arc many things that might be sug-
gested as improvements, but he is a sanguine
man who expects to accomplish all the good
he desires; and we should subject ourselves to
censure if we unnecessarily delayed the prog-
ress of the work before us by contending for
too much oven of a good thing. Legislation,
to be safe or profitable, should follow, not lead
public sentiment.
We want—
1. An outspoken denial of the right of nulli-
fication and secession, putting an end to the
dogma of supreme State sovereignty which, as
claimed by its advocates, overrides the national
Constitution, and the practical developments of
which gave us the rebellion with all its appall-
ing consequences. It is contended by some
that the war has settled that question, and that
further guarantees are unnecessary; but I do
not so understand it. Many of the leaders of
the rebellion adhere to this favorite assumption
with as much tenacity as ever, and proclaim
without reserve that they only await the favor-
able occasion to try their cherished principles
in another forum where success will more likely
attend the effort.
2. An equalization of congressional repre-
sentation, whereby every voter in the land shall
have an equal voiec in Congress.
8. A pledge of fidelity and unsullied national
faith in the payment of the public debt, thus
to give quiet and confidence to the creditors of
the Government and preserve the credit of the
nation. Nothing so important as this, for the
currency of the country depends entirely upon
the confidence of the people in the ability and
will of the Government to pay its just obliga-
tions. All our money now in circulation, and
which must continue for years, depends for its
stability and uniform value upon the public
bonds : these preserved at par and our country
can never be discredited. Discredit the bonds
and down goes our currency, greenbacks and
national banks alike, for all stand upon the sole
credit of the Government debt.
4. A repudiation of the rebel debt, so that a
mere majority at an unfortunate hour for the
country shall not have power to saddle the
nation with the rebel debts, and thus break
down the country under a load no nation can
carry.
5. The power to be given to Congress to levy
export duties, whereby the great staple of the
South, cotton, may be subjected to the burden
of paying a liberal share of our great public
debt, incurred in a struggle in which cotton \yas
indirectly and remotely, but surely, the inciting
cause.  
These things secured, by constitutional guar-
antees whereby their permanency could not be
easily disturbed by the mischievous legislation
of accidental majorities that are not always
faithful to public interests or national honor,
we should have but little difficulty in molding
all other needful laws, by ordinary legislation,
so as to secure the rights of all and advance,
without material embarrassment, the general
interests of the Government, maintain unbroken
the integrity of the Union, cultivate amicable
relations among the people of all the States,
and thus establish bonds of friendship and fra-
ternity that will grow with our growth and
strengthen with our strength, gi\ ing quiet and
security to the people and prosperity and great-
ness to the nation.
Mr. PLANTS. Mr. Speaker, this day hav-
ing been set apart for general discussion upon
the state of the Union, I shall not confine my
remarks to any single proposition before Con-
gress, no one of which alone, but the whole se-
ries together, is expected to work out the desired
"reconstruction," or, as I think it better ex-
pressed, "the readjustment of the rebel States
to their normal relations to the other States in
the Union." I have not the presumption to
suppose I can greatly enlighten the House after
the many able speeches already delivered. I
shall, nevertheless, beg its indulgence, while I
briefly express some general views upon the
subject. But, in doing this, I shall at least avoid
a repetition of what has already been said so
much better than I could hope to express it.
And if my remarks shall not depend for their
force, if they shall have any, upon the techni-
calities of the lawyer or the dicta of the judge,
it will be because in my opinion these are not
wholly sufficient to account for our present con-
dition or to give us the assurances of a happy
deliverance.
Nor will I repeat again the story that we have
passed through the most gigantic rebellion that
ever raised a traitorous arm against a just and
beneficent Government. All that has been said ;
and the rebellion, with all its horrors, depicted
fh every shade of coloring which rhetoric knows
so well how to employ. But, while listening
with equal pleasure and profit to the very able
arguments of those who have preceded me, L
have been struck with the almost uniformly re-
peated declaration that "this was a perfectly
causeless rebellion, that there was absolutely
no cause at all for the "war through which we
have just passed.'' I do not know whether gen-
tlemen mean anything more by this form of ex-
pression than that the North gave no provoca-
tion to the South to justify her in the desperate
attempt she made to destroy the Government.
In this sense the expression may be true, but
it throws no light upon the subject nor does it
give us any principle as a guide to the future.
If anything, much more an event of the mag-
nitude of the rebellion, could happen without
a cause, then, indeed, would we be afloat upon
a sea of chaos, where chart and compass would
be but useless toys, and statesmanship a term
without meaning.
But, Mr. Speaker, this is not so. Every-
where cause and effect are married together.
No event ever did or ever can happen without
a cause. And this is as true in the rise and
fall of nations as in the simplest occurrence
with which wo are familiar. It is true of the
scene through which we have passed. The re-
bellion had a cause—a sufficient, natural, neces-
sary cause—from which it was evolved as nat-
urally as the rose unfolds from the bud. And
if this be so, then are those mistaken indeed
who suppose that it originated in the disap-
pointed ambition of a few aspiring demagogues
on the election of Mr. Lincoln in 1860, as well
as that other class of complacent philosophers
who gravely tell us that if half a dozen on each
side, including the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania of course, bad been hung, all would have
been pcace and harmony.
No, sir, Jeff. Davis and his compeers were
no more the cause of the war than the scum
