3890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 17,
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
right of the gentleman from Ohio to keep the
floor and to yield it till the end of his hour.
The gentleman has fourteen minutes remain-
ing which he yields to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, it does not be-
long to mo to vindicate the privileges of the
House, although I have held service here for
several years, some time since ; but my posi-
tion as a member here would not justify me
in speaking on questions of this character. I
therefore did not intend to speak upon it. The
Speaker put me upon the committee in this
case, and I discharged the duties devolved
upon me as I could ; and but for the suggestion
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] as to the manner in which the
committee discharged its duty I should have
nothing to say.
The decision of the Speaker of this House on
the question raised by the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilsox] was as clearly stated, and in my
judgment as perfectly just as any decision ever
made in any parliamentary body. Any other
conclusion than that which he stated would have
assoiled the records of the House and degraded
the parliamentary law of the country. The
rule of the Manual which has been sustained
as a rule governing members of the House in
the ordinary course of business is, that when
a question is in debate, and a member offers
remaiks upon it, if any exceptions be taken to
his remarks they must be taken at the time the
remarks are Made. If the House pass to other
business no member lias a right, to call in ques-
tion the statements that have been made. This
is not peculiar to our laws of legislative debate.
It is the parliamentary law regulating every
proceeding of deliberative assemblies. 'When
the Speaker of the House has made a decision,
members who take exception to it must do so
when the decision is made, and if dissatisfied
may take an appeal. And yet we have heard
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
ven's) declare that, he set aside the decision of
the Speaker on this question and treated it as
if it had not been made, and he discussed de-
liberately the question of order from beginning
to end precisely as if an appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair had been pending.
Why did he do this wrong to the Speaker of
the House, and trespass and trample upon the
rules of this legislative assembly by violating
this principle? I will tell you why it was. It
was because the question involving the decision
of the Speaker came before the House upon a
different case, upon the merits of the resolu-
tion reported by the committee; and therefore
he had a right to reconsider any question con-
nected with it. So it is with the rights of the
select committee. The House, by its deliber-
ate order, sent to a committee of privilege a
question of privilege. They ordered that com-
mittee to report upon all the circumstances
connected with that question. Now, if any
member of this House supposes that any com-
mittee of five honorable men would have pro-
nounced a judgment against the gentleman from
Kentucky on account of lus part in this trans-
action without referring to, rehearsing, and ex-
pressing their opinions on the circumstances
which led to that transaction, they certainly
mistook the character of the gentlemen who
were selected to compose that committee; and
I do not hesitate to say that if the members
6f this House be asked to pass judgment upon
the action of the gentleman from Kentucky in
this assault, and exclude all consideration of
the part of the gentleman from Iowa in, pro-
ducing that assault, it will be as flagrant an act
of injustice as was ever committed in the his-
tory of the world. No man can properly con-
sid< r the part which the gentleman from Ken-
tucky had in this matter, and exclude the part
which the gentleman from Iowa took in its
initiation.
Therefore tho committee passed upon that
question. They were called upon to review
the whole case and express their opinion. And
let me say to the members of this House that the
precedent sought to be established here this
day is the most vital precedent ever established
in a legislative assembly, and will hereafter
justify a resort to the law of violence whenever
any man or any party shall choose to enforce
it. I have listened to this debate for three
days, and I have heard but little other than
careful considerations relating to the personal
positions of these two gentlemen ; one consid-
eration offset against another consideration,
and the whole intellect and ingenuity of the
members of this legislative assembly exclu-
sively directed to that view of the subject.
I have not heard discussed that which is the
real and only question before this House. I
have not heard an allusion to the dignity of
this assembly, an assembly which is, or which
ought to be, the first parliamentary assembly
on the face of the earth, as it is the only delib-
erative assembly where the people of the na-
tion are represented. I have heard hardly
any reference made to that dignity and those
privileges with which this assembly is clothed
by the terms of the Constitution, the most sa-
cred of all the privileges with which the peo-
ple of our country are invested ; they have been
hardly recurred to in all these three days' debate.
Let me, then, speak a word upon that sub-
ject. The highest of all privileges is the im-
munity and inviolability of person. If I am
to be insulted, bullied, brow-beaten, attacked,
disabled, as a member of this House from the
State of Massachusetts, then the people I rep-
resent have 110 rights. Therefore, atthefounda-
tion of this Government lies the inviolability
of the Representative. And what have we
seen here? The Ajax of this House, he who
should be the leader, comes in here with a
proposition to justify—for I can only interpret
it in that way—to justify the assault which has
been made upon the member from Iowa. And
what was the character of that assault? A
member of this House has been beaten; he has
been beaten with stripes; he has been beaten
with stripes in the presence of this House, as
it were; he has been beaten with stripes in the
presence of this House, for words spoken in
debate. What should be the conclusion of this
assembly? That any member so abusing his
privileges and the dignity of this House ought
not to sit longer in it as a member. It is no
injustice to the member from Kentucky that
we should adopt this conclusion. If he under-
took to vindicate his own rights, as a soldier
and as a man he should be willing to pay the
penalty of his act. In this case there is no
philosophy but the maxim of the McGregors,
for a man like him or for any man who occu-
pies his position.
Let him play his game boldly, but let him
also pay the forfeit manfully. What is that
forfeit? That he should cease, for a time at
least, to sit as a member of this House. So
the committee have reported. When he re-
turns to his constituents they will review the
circumstances, and they may reelect him. If
so he will be received here or not, as the case
may justify. In any event he is purged ; and
the House is purged of the indignity and the
wrong which have been inflicted upon its mem-
bers and upon itself.
If there be any other conclusion than this,
then, sir, tho dignity of this assembly must be
defended by other persons than those who now
represent its power. What do gentlemen pro-
pose instead of this? I have heard much phi-
lological discussion upon this subject. Gen-
tlemen say that a disapproval is a censure ; and
if a disapproval is a censure, then a censure or
a reprimand is a mere disapproval; and tho
judgment of this House is to be expressed upon
a case of tho most ineffable wrong that can be
committed upon its members by a disapproval
of the act! A member is beaten with stripes
in the Capitol for words spoken in debate ; and
the highest act of justice and of dignity that
this assembly can perform is to say that it dis-
approves the act! Sir, as one of the commit-
tee and as member of this House, I can give
no vote of that character. I will not set the
seal of my name to a record and a judgment
which must degrade the dignity of the House
and destroy its parliamentary privileges forever
hereafter.
Let me say a word, sir, in regard to the three
wronged and innocent men who a little while
since were by a happy accident on tho eastern
portico of the Capitol, a part by invitation a
part by chance, with arms in their hands, taking
their places, one here, anoth'er there, another
there, with a view to the movements of some-
body else, keeping clear space and field of
action while a member of this House was being
assaulted. We are told now that it will be an
infringement upon the rights of those men if
the House of Representatives, the first parlia-
mentary assembly of the world, should even
question them for their conduct so much as to
invite them here to answer for their action.
They are not arraigned'; they arc not charged
with anything. It is not alleged that they are
responsible as parties to this assault. But the
facts are stated in plain Saxon language ; and
it is recommended that these men should be
called to the bar of the House to answer to any
charge which this House may have to make
against them.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts will read the resolution, lie will
find that it amounts to an absolute conviction
of these men.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; I say that the com-
mittee were instructed to investigate this whole
transaction, and whoever was concerned in it,
whether by premeditation or by presence as a
party, we are bound to report the facts to the
House with our recommendations, leaving the
question for the action of the House. I do not
care what may have been the language of the
resolution instructing the committee. That
resolution was certainly not intended by the
House to mark out for the committee every
step that they should take, every word that
they should speak, and every judgment that
they should give. The House put its dignity,
its rights, its privileges, into the hands of this
committee—a committee of privilege—and
instructed it, in its integrity and fidelity, to
report to the House its views of this case; and
it did so.
The SPEAKER. The hour of tho gentleman
from Ohio has expired, and as the previous
question has been seconded and the main ques-
tion ordered no further debate is in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I simply desire to say to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that he mis-
understood my remark. What I meant to sug-
gest to him was that in the resolution of the
committee they convict these three men and
order them to be brought to the bar of the
House without their ever having had a hearing.
Mr. THAYER. They are to be brought
here that their conduct may be investigated.
Mr. BANKS. If the House will allow me
a remark out of order in reply to a remark out
of order, I will say that the committee in its
resolution states the facts and pronounces no
judgment, but asks the judgment of the House
upon the facts.
Here the debate was closed.
The resolutions reported by the majority of
tho committee are as follows:
Resolved. That Hon. Lovell II. Rousseau, a Rep-
resentative from Kentucky, by committing an assault
upon tho person of Hon. J. B. Geinnri.l, a Reoro-
sentative fromtheStateof Iowa, for words spokenin
debate, has justly forfeited his privileges as a mem-
ber of this Ilouso, and is hereby expelled.
Jiesohcd. That the personal reflections made by
Mr. Grinnell, a Representative from the State of
Iowa, in presence of the House, upon the character
of Mr. ltorssKAU, a Representative from the State
of Kentucky, were in violation of rules regulating
debate and the privileges of its member'! founded
thereon, anil merit the disapproval of the House.
Jiesolned, That Charles T>. Permybakei~of Ken-
tucky, L. B. Grigsby of Kentucky, and John S. Me-
Grew of Ohio, by their presence and participation in
a premeditated personal assault between Hon. Mr.
Rousseau of Kentucky, and Hon. Mr. Geixxicll of
Iowa, on account of words spoken in debate, in which
the persons if not the lives of members of this House
were imperiled, were guilty of a violation of its privi-
leges, and they are hereby ordered to be brought to
