8892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
Mr, RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Up to
this time neither of the actors in this affair have
been reprimanded or punished in anyway, and
I think those who were the mere witnesses of
the affair ought to he let off.
Mr. WENTWOKTH. I would like to have
the yeas and nays upon this motion to lay the
resolution upon the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken upon the motion to
lay the resolution on the table; and upon a
division there were—ayes 54, noes 70.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. HALE. Is it in order to call for a divis-
ion of the question upon this resolution, as it
affects three different persons by a process
which in its nature is quasi criminal ?
The SPEAK EH. The resolution is so framed
that it cannot be divided, so as to have each
part a substantive proposition by itself.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays upon agreeing to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PHELPS, (at fifteen minutes to six
o'clock p. m.) I more that the House now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes twenty-three, noes not
counted.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon agreeing
to the resolution; and upon a division there
were—ayes 73, noes 43.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWO RTII moved to reeonsiderthe
vote by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I now call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the first resolu-
tion reported by the committee failed to be
agreed to.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a point of order,
that the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] not having voted with the majority,
has no right to make the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
once decided that question of Order.
Mr. FljSTOK. I desire to say in support of
my point of order, that the rule requires that
in order to entitle a member to move a recon-
sideration of any vote, he must have voted
with the majority. It is stated that a fair con-
struction of the rule would require that in the
ease of a tie vote, a member voting on the pre-
vailing side should have the right to move a
reconsideration. But this is not such a case;
this was not a tie vote, and the member from
Massachusetts voted with the minority.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. Some member must have the
right to move a reconsideration. In this case
he certainly could not move a reconsideration,
if ho voted on the side which did not prevail,
for he evidently is not in the constitutional
majority on that question. And if the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Finck] is right in his
point of order, no one can move a reconsider-
ation, for the side which prevailed was in the
minority. The usage upon this subject has
been uniform, and the Chair is surprised that
there are no cases cited in the Digest. But it
is plain that any member voting on the prevail-
ing side has the right to move a reconsider-
ation. Such has always been the practice in
Congress, as well as in all State legislative
bodies, so far as the Chair is informed.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to give notice that
if the House shall reconsider the vote by which
the first resolution failed to be adopted, I shall
move as a substitute therefor substantially the
resolution reported by the minority of the com-
mittee. I now call the previous question on
the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion to rcconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution, which was as follows:
Resolved, That Hon. Lovell H. Rotjskeau, a Kep-
resentativefrom Kentucky, by committing an assault
upon the person of Hon. j. B. Grtnnell, a Repre-
sentative from the State of Iowa, lor words spoken
in debate has justly forfeited his privileges as a mem-
ber of this House, and is hereby expelled.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out all after the word "re-
solved" and inserting the following, on which
I ask the previous question:
That Hon. Lovell II. Rousseau, a member of this
House from the State of Kcntncky, be summoned to
the bar of the House, and be there publicly repri-
manded by the Speaker lor the violation of its rights
and privileges, of which he was guilty in the per-
sonal assault committed by him upon the person of
Hon J. B. Gbinnell, a member of this House from
the State of Iowa, foi words spoken in debate,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I submit that the House has already
acted on that precise proposition, and that it
cannot now be acted on again.
The SPEAKER. The House has acted on a
similar i-esolution as a substitute for the entire
series of three resolutions. It is now offered
as a substitute for one resolution. It is there-
fore a different proposition, and is in order.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BOYER. I move that the resolution
and pending amendment be laid on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Boyeu was not agreed to.
The amendment of Mr. Banks was agreed to.
The question recurring 011 the resolution as
amended,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—ayes 81), nays,30, not voting
03; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin,
Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwell, Buckland, Reader W.
Clarke, Conkling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Delano,
Doming, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot,
Famsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Griswold,
Abncr C. Harding, Hart, Henderson, Iligby, Holmes,
Hooper, llotchkiss, Asahcl W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbaid, James It. llubbcll, ilulbuid, Ingerdoll,
Jenukes, Julian, ICasson, Koiley, Ketchain, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, McCIurg, MeRuer, Mercur, Mil-
ler, Moorhcad, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Pcrliam, Price, Raymond,
Alexander II. Rice, John 1-1. liice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Scolield, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt,
Van Horn, Warner, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Wentworth, Whaley, James F. Wilson, Stephen F.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—89.
NAYS — Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, DclosR. Ash-
ley, Boyer, Eidridge, Finck, Grider, Hale. Aaron
Harding, llogan, Humphrey, Johnson, Kerr, Le
Blond, Niblack, Nicholson, Nocll, Phelps, Samuel
J. Randall, llitter, Rogers, Shanklin, Sitgrcavcs,
Taber, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Robert T. Van
Horn, and Wright—CO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Beainan, Ber-
gen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegeo, Cromwell, Broom-
all, Bundy, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, CotFroth,
Cook, Culloin, Culver, Darling, Dawson, Denison,
Dixon, Dodge, Dumont, Glossbrenncr, Goodyear,
Grinnell, Harris, Hayes, Hill, DemasHubbard, John
H.Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Kelso, Kuy-
kendall. Latham, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, Mc-
Cullough, Mclndoe, McKee, Paine, Patterson, Pike,
Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, William IL Randall,
Rosrf, Rousseau. Schenek, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stil-
well. Strouse, John L. Thomas, Upson, Ward, Elihu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Williams, and
Winfield—63.
So the resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ROSS said: On this question I am
paired with my colleague, Mr. Marshall.
If he were here he would vote no, while I
should vote ay.
The result was announced as above stated.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following:
Resolved, That this House declares the personal
reflections made by Mr. Grinnell, a Representative
from the State of Iowa, in presence of this House,
on the — day of June last, on the character of Mr.
Rousseau, a Representative from the State of Ken-
tucky, to have been in violation of the rules of the
House and the privileges of its members, and that
this House does hereby censure the said JosiahB.
Grinnell therefor.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
protective tariff.
Mr. MOORIiEAD, from the Committee on
Manufactures, presented a report on the sub-
ject of a protective tariff, and moved that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRIMBLE asked and obtained leave
to present a minority report on the same
subject.
Mr. HALE moved that five thousand copies
extra of the minority report be printed.
The motion was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the Committee
on Enrolled Bills had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (S. No. 843) to quiet land
titles in California; when the Speaker signed
the same.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed the following reso-
lution :
Rcsohcd, That the Senate insists upon its amend-
ments to the bill (II. R. No. 387) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year ending
30th June, l<Sl>7, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives, disagrees to the amendments of the
House to other amendments of the Senate to the said
bill, and agree to the committee of conference asked
for by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
leave of absence.
Mr. ANCONA asked and obtained leave of
absence.
Mr. ROGERS asked and obtained leave of
absence for one day.
Mr. INGERSOLL asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr, Cook for ten days.
And then, on motion of Mr. RANDALL,
of Pennsylvania, the House (at six o'clock
and five minutes p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of T. P.Devereux,
of Halifax, North Carolina, for relief.
By Mr. EGGLESTON: The petition of the Cincin-
nati and Memphis Steam Packet Boat Company,
praying authority to change the name of the steam-
boat Alice Bean to Glendale.
By Mr. MEIICUR: The petition of 22 citizens of
Slieshequin, Bradford county, Pennsylvania, asking
that the tariff laws may be so amended as to protect
their labor.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A petition of citizens of Phila-
delphia interested in mineral lands and mining in
California, Nevada.Oolorado, Utah, Montana, Idaho,
and Arizona, urging upon the House of Representa-
tives to pass Senate bill entitled "An act to legalize
the occupation of mineral lands, and to extend the
right of preemption thereto."
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 18, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of S.
G. Burbridge, late major general of volunteers,
praying for compensation for Daniel Mills, a
freedman. who contributed to the defeat of
John Morgan by furnishing valuable informa-
tion to the Union Army; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
substitute for cotton.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to send to the
Chair a communication from the Acting Com-
missioner of Agriculture. It will be recol-
