THE COyGRES^IQy^L. GLOBE.
May 31,
" Sir, an officer who is obliged to pay but a sm&ll
price for Ms board in a town where the price of liv-
ing is cheap, is, as any man must see, on an entirely
different footing from an officer who is placed in
another position where the expense of living is ex-
tremely high. The Government remedies this ine-
quality by purchasing the subsistence and furnishing
it in kind to both the officers.
"The Government can go into all the markets of
the United States and purchase its provisions for the
Army. It can purchase them at rates vastly below
the prices which an individual officer would be
obliged to pay for his individual subsistence. The
Government, therefore, has hitherto thought it wise
to purchase by contract the subsistence for the offi-
cer, and to deal out to him, whether he be situated
in Arizona or in Boston, those provisions which it
has purchased for the common benefit of the Army."
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, the pay and
allowances of an officer of the Army who is
not a mounted officer will embrace seven items
only. There is, first, the pay proper, so called;
second, commutation ol rations; third, com-
mutation of servants' wages; fourth, commu-
tation of servants' rations; and fifth, commu-
tation of clothing for servants. All of these
five items are paid through the pay department
of the Army. The sixth item is quarters or
commutation of quarters; and the seventh is
fuel or commutation of fuel. The mounted
officer receives also forage as the eighth item
of his pay and allowances, which can be com-
muted only when it cannot be furnished in
kind.
Now, will the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Thayer] claim that the item of pay
proper is different in one portion of the United
States from what it is in another? Will he
claim that an officer when in Washington re-
ceives a different amount of pay proper from
what he receives at Fort Bridger, as the law
now stands? Certainly it will be sufficient to
meet a declaration of that kind with a simple,
absolute denial.
Consider next the commutation of rations.
This is one of the main items of an officer's
Say, and upon this point the gentleman from
taine [Mr. Blaise] and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] have made a most
serious mistake. Both of those gentlemen
evidently suppose that there exists legal au-
thority for issuing to an officer rations in kind;
that under the law as it now stands rations in
kind are or may be issued to officers. They
also entertain the opinion, disclosed in the ex-
tracts just read at the Clerk's desk, that in case
rations are commuted, the rates of commuta-
tion are different in different localities of the
country.
They manifestly suppose that when an offi-
cer chooses to receive commutation of rations
and applies to the paymaster for that commuta-
tion on his pay account, he receives one rate
at Port Bridger. another at Washington, another
in Pennsylvania, another in Maine, and still
another in California or Oregon. They also
imagine that if the officer does not choose to
accept from the paymaster commutation of
rations, he can at his pleasure present himself
to the commissary of subsistence and demand
rations in kind. And here we have the found-
ation on which rests the superstructure of their
argument.
Sir, the gentlemen are utterly mistaken on
both of these points. There is not now, there
has not been since this war commenced, any
provision or authority of law under which a
commissary could issue rations in kind to an
officer. There has been, there is now, no au-
thority by which a paymaster could allow differ-
ent rates of commutation of rations to officers
at different points. I say again, sir, that upon
these points the gentlemen have been most
sadly misinformed, and yet upon these errors
of fact rests almost the entire superstructure
of the arguments which the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaise] and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] have made in oppo-
sition to this bill.
Tho provision of the law is this, and I ask
the attention of those gentlemen to it: no
officer of the commissary or subsistence depart-
ment, or of any other department of this Gov-
ernment, can issue rations in kind to commis-
sioned officers either for themselves or for their
servants, not beiDg soldiers. _ Nor is there any
difference in the price of rations as commuted
by the pay department. The price of the
ration is fixed at thirty cents, whether at Port
Bridger, in Washington, in Maine, or Oregon.
The commutation price of the ration is thirty
cents for officers everywhere, where subsist-
ence is cheap and where it is dear, in all lati-
tudes and longitudes, at ajl posts, and for every
kind of duty. I will react from page 262 of the
Army Regulations, reprinted in 1803:
"Subsistence stores will not be issued to officers or
to their servants unless they are enlisted men, and
arc so reported on the officer's pay account or pay-
roll."
On page 363 of the same book I also read as
follows:
" Officers' subsistence is commuted at thirty cents
per ration."
This, sir, is the law; and the practice of the
Army has been in strict compliance therewith.
If any officer 'of the subsistence department
has issued rations in kind to officers, he has
done so in violation of law. If any officer of
the pay department has commuted officers'
subsistence at any other rate than thirty cents
per ration, he has done so in violation of law.
Mr. Speaker, the law does allow commis-
saries of subsistence to sell to officers of the
Army rations at the cost price, exclusive of
transportation, for cash on delivery, upon their
certificates that these rations are for their own
use or the use of their families. And the pro-
vision requiring payment in cash on delivery
was necessarily modified during this war in
certain cases. Only by such purchase can offi-
cers obtain subsistence stores from the Gov-
ernment. I will read from page 252 of the
Army Regulations:
"An officer may purchase subsistence from the com-
missariat, paying cash for it on delivery, at cost prices,
without including cost of transportation, on his cer-
tificate that it is for the use of himself and family."
Now, sir, the gentleman from Maine and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania are very wide
of the mark if they suppose that _ an officer
stationed at Fort Bridger, where rations are
high, could apply to the commissary depart-
ment and insist upon rations being issued to
him in kind. They are equally mistaken if
they suppose that he could apply to the pay
department and insist that his subsistence
should be commuted at a price corresponding
with the price of subsistence stores at that post.
Mr. BLAINE. Is the gentleman willing to
be interrupted for a moment?
Mr. PAINE. Certainly.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not at all dissent from
the gentleman's statement of facts, nor do I
understand that his statement differs essen-
tially from that which I have made. I under-
stand that the officer may under the present
law buy rations from the Government at cost
exclusive of transportation, or if the rations
•are not there to be bought or furnished, he is
entitled to commutation at the price which it
would cost to have the rations there. Am I
not right in that?
Mr. PAINE. No, sir, I do not understand
the gentleman to be right in that. I should be
glad if the gentleman would point out to me a
provision conferring such authority. There is
no such provision in the law or in the Army
Regulations.
Mr. BLAINE. How is it with regard to fuel
and forage?
Mr. PAINE. I am considering these items
seriatim as they are arranged on the pay-table,
and will soon come to fuel and forage.
That there may be no doubt on this subject,
I will again read to the gentleman the law as
it stands in the Army Regulations of 1861,
revised and republished in 1863:
" A no (lieer may purchase subsistence from the com-
missariat, paying cash for it on delivery, at cost prices,
without including cost of transportation, on his cer-
tificate that it is for the use of himself and family."
And on page 262 of the Army Regulations
it is stated that—■
"Subsistence stores will not be issued to officers or
to their servants unless they are enlisted men and are
so reported on the officers' pay-account or pay-roll.
An officer may purchase subsistence from the com-
missariat, paying cash for it on delivery, at cost
prices, on his certificate that it is for the use of him-
self and family."
Now, sir, it appears from the extract which
has been read from the speech of the gentle-
man from Maine made yesterday on this sub-
ject, that the Government has been obliged at
Fort Bridger to contract for wood at nearly
one hundred dollars per cord, corn at twelve dol-
lars per bushel, and flour at seventy-five dollars
perbarrel. I ask the attention of thosegentle-
men who are so much in favor of the law as it now
stands to the practical operation of that law as
applied to the case at Fort Bridger. Suppose
that an officer of the Army desires to purchase
from the subsistence department a barrel of this
flour; suppose that his necessities compcl him
to make the purchase. He is obliged under
the law as it now stands to pay seventy-five
dollars for the barrel of flour because it costs
the Government seventy-five dollars. If the
Government sees fit to purchase the flour else-
where, in the St. Louis market or in any other
market, the cost of transportation is deducted;
but if the Government buys the flour there
and does not afterward transport it, the officer,
unless the law be violated, must pay seventy-
five dollars for his barrel of flour.
Sir, I shall propose, before I sit down, an
amendment which I think will obviate all such
objections to the measure introduced by the
committee as pertain to subsistence of officers.
It will not permit an issue of rations in kind to
officers, nor will it permit them to commute
subsistence. It will banish them from their
pay-accounts altogether. But it will authorize
them to purchase subsistence henceforth as
hitherto, at cost prices, if indeed there can be
any possible doubt as to their authority to do
so under the bill now before the House.
So far as subsistence is concerned, then, there
is no more elasticity, no more adaptability to
the varied circumstances of officers in the law
now in force, than in the plan of the committee
modified by the amendments to which I have
referred.
The next item on the officers' pay-table is
the pay of servants, or the commutation of ser-
vants' pay. Of course there is no pretense on
the part of the gentleman from Maine or the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that the system
now in force can vary at different points in the
country so far as the pay of servants is con-
cerned. This is fixed at a uniform rate by the
law for all parts of the country.
We pass next to the commutation of ser-
vants' rations. Precisely the same thing is true
there which I have shown to be true of the
rations of the officer himself. There is no
adaptability to latitude or longitude or to local-
ities more or less expensive so far as commu-
tation of servants'rations is concerned." No
man not insane can pretend there is any advan-
tage in this respect in the law which these gen-
tlemen now defend over the measure which
they so strenuously oppose.
Next comes the item of commutation of ser-
vants'clothing. Is it pretended that this varies
at different posts ? Gentlemen must be pro-
foundly ignorant of the law and of the Army
■regulations if they advance any claim like that.
No, sir; this commutation is not a variable
quantity in the officer's pay. Nor is the law
now in force at all superior in this respect to
the measure before the House.
We have now passed through the five items
of pay received through the pay department,
and we find that they are invariably fixed; that
they furnish not the slightest foundation for the
claim of superiority which gentlemen attempt
to set up in favor of the existing law and against
the bill under consideration.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I ask the gentlem'an
from Wisconsin whether an officer who does
not choose to commute his rations is not per-
mitted to draw them in kind.
_ Mr. PAINE. I will repeat, for the fifth
time, that an officer cannot draw his rations
in kind, either for himself or even for his ser-
vant, unless that servant is an enlisted man
of the Army.
