1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1973
volunteer officer. If he served in the regular
Army he does not want a place as second lieu-
tenant, because he has a place already. _ If he
did not serve, at all he has no business in any
Army of the United Stales. If any man hav-
ing the advantage of a military education such
as that given at West Point could go through
this war indifferent, not seeking employment
on the part of the country, he ought not to be
permitted to come into the Army after the war
is over. That is my doctrine-, sir, and I would
enforce it.
Mr. CHANLER. Let me say 
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not want to be inter-
rupted, and I am never able to hear what the
gentleman says even if T were to yield to him.
If the section is permitted to stand with the
proposed amendment, which I assented to, but
which on reflection I believe to be all wrong,
if graduates come in as volunteers, it throws
open the door for those graduates who have
been in the rebel army. No one, I presume,
interfiled that, yet it has that effect. Or its
effect will be to throw open the door to those
who have been in 110 army, but resigned per-
haps from our Army when the war broke out
because they did not want to be in during the
war, and are willing to return in the position
of second lieutenant when all danger has gone
by. We do not want them to be admitted.
I ask, therefore, that the amendment by
which these words were introduced shall be
reconsidered. If anything be done with that
class I prefer to fall back upon what was agreed
between my colleague and myself, that here-
after a graduate of West Point shall be eligible
to a second lieutenancy, the object of the com-
mittee being to save these educated young gen-
tlemen and not exclude them from appointments
bj- giving all these subaltern positions to volun-
teers. It will carry out, too, the intention of
the committee to provide two thirds above first
lieutenants shall be volunteers, and that all the
first and second lieutenants shall be volunteers
except, these graduates from West Point who
shall be eligible to come in as second lieuten-
ants.
I ask the House, therefore, to reconsider
the vote by which the first amendment was
adopted ; and I give notice that if that motion
shall prevail then I shall propose, or my col-
league on the committee [Mr. Blaine] will
propose, to amend the provision.
Mr. BLAINE. .1 will send to the Clerk's
desk the amendment I propose. I understood
011 Friday last, when I yielded to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Hale,] that that amendment of the gentleman
from New York was to constitute a part, and
not to take the place of my amendment. Un-
der that misapprehension I yielded, which I
should not otherwise have done.
Mr. Blaine's amendment was read, as fol-
lows :
Provided, however, That cadets hereafter graduat-
ing from the United States Military Academy shall
be eligible to appointments as second lieutenants.
Mr. CONKLING. I came into the Hall in
time to hear the amendment read, and I take
the liberty at this moment, to suggest to the
Committee on Military Affairs that the amend-
ment which has been adojjted will be as neces-
sary and applicable in case the motion to re-
consider should prevail as otherwise, because
when you say those who graduate hereafter
shall be eligible, you do not provide, unless
you express it in terms, that they shall be eli-
gible wirhout previous service.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from New
York being absent, he failed to hear the sug-
gestion of the chairman of the Committee 011
Military Affairs. I wish to say further, that
when I yielded 011 Friday to the gentleman
from New York, it was on the understanding
that his amendment should be incorporated
with mine, not thinking that it would be put
simply in place of mine. That gave rise to an
evil which the chairman of the committee has
just explained.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the House will
not vote in here anything as harmless sur-
plusage. This amendment is not mine in any
sense. It was a mere suggestion which would
reach the object which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania sought to accomplish. But I
am quite sure that it is not harmless surplus-
age. If the committee intend that graduates
from West Point shall not be eligible unless
they have served as volunteers, I am not pre-
pared to say that it is not right.
Mr. SCHENCK. The objection I make, on
reflection, is that it is all wrong to appoint a
graduate from West Point who, during the
war, has not been in service.
Mr. CONKLING. I appreciate that point.
Mr. SCHENCK. If he has served in the
rebel army he ought not to be appointed. If
he has served in the Union Army he is pro-
vided for. If, with his military education, he
has not served at all, more shame for him.
Mr. CONKLING. I agree that there is
great force in that, and 1 have 110 opinion to
express against it. 1 only say that if, in oppo-
sition to that view, the intention was to render
eligible cadets without scrvice, then the amend-
ment suggested was necessary. In that view
the amendment was not surplusage; otherwise
it amounts to nothing.
Mr. BLAINE. I think the gentleman from
New Yoik misapprehends the point of the
amendment. The bill confined the appoint-
ments to the subaltern grades, first and second
lieutenancies, to volunteers, and without a pro-
viso letting in West Point graduates they could
not get in. Being confined by the letter of the
bill to volunteers, a proviso was put in saving
the chances of the West Pbint graduates. The
proviso now pending is:
Provided, That cadets hereafter graduating shall
bo eligible, i<■.
That makes it as clear as anything can be.
Mr. BOYEIl. Would it not obviate all diffi-
culty to insert after the word "eligible'' the
words ''immediately upon graduation?"
Mr. BLATNE. Well, put those words-in.
Mr. BOYER. Let the amendment read :
Provided, however. That graduates of the United
States Military Academy shall be eligible, immedi-
ately upon graduation, to appointments, A:c.
The SPEAKER. The question had better
first be taken on the motion to reconsider.
The question was taken; and the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Boyer's amend
ment.
Mr. BOYER. I will modify my amendment
so as to read :
Provided, however, That gi-nduatos of the United
States Military Academy shall be eligible, immedi-
ately upon graduation, to appointments as second
lieutenants without such service.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. We all have some knowl-
edge about these military matters, of course.
I must show mine by moving an amendment.
I like portions each of the Senate bill and of
the House bill better than some portions of the
other.
Now, I sec that by the Senate bill two regi-
ments of colored troops, out of the six regiments
that are to be added, are provided for. I think
that that ought to be so in the House bill. That
has been omitted unless it has been inserted in
some other section. I suppose it has not been,
and I move, therefore, to amend this third sec-
tion by inserting, after the word '■ regiments."
in the ninth line, the words 1' two of which shall
be composed of colored men so that it shall
read:
That to the six regiments of cavalry now in the
scrvice there shall be added six regiments, two of
which shall be composed of colored men, &e.
I offer this amendment because I believe
that colored troops do better as cavalry than
perhaps in any other brunch of the service.
They have been skillful horsemen all their lives.
If there was anything they were taught by their
southern masters it was how to rule 011 horse-
back. 1 understand from officers who have
served with them that they make excellent
cavalry, so far as they have had any expe-
rience" -1 think, therefore, they should have an
opportunity of serving in that branch of the
service, and hence I approve of the Senate
proposition rather than that of the House.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will only remark upon
this subject that, after looking over the whole
ground, it was concluded by the Committee on
Military Affairs to report in favor of eight regi-
ments of colored infantry troops, without mak-
ing any cavalry regiments consist of the same
character of troops. We have nothing espe-
cially to say about it except to submit the ques-
tion to the House whether they will not agree
to that_ suggestion of the committee. I have
no feeling about it one way or the other.' If
it be thought by the House that two of the six
new regiments of cavalry should be colored
troops, it will not in any -w% affect the bill in
its other features.
Mr. CHANLER. I think this, proposition
coming from the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevexs] is certainly consistent. I
do not see why colored troops should not be
employed in this branch of the service as well
as in any other. I do not doubt but that the
colored troops are valuable soldiers and fought
well in the late war. I am willing to go fur-
ther and invite the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia to take the lead and authorize this Govern-
ment to enroll colored troops as officers in the
United States Army. A petition has been
presented to the House on this very subject,
and the Committee on Military Affairs refused
to grant its prayer. You have soldiers enough
here to witness it, and the whole country has
witnessed the sincerity of your arguments in
behalf of the colored troops. If Hannibal
crossed the Alps and is worthy of being quoted
here for introducing colored troops into his
artny, go on and let your Hannibals supplant
your Grants.
There is a list published in the morning
papers of to-day of military members of this
House who propose holding a public meeting
in this city. Their names are beaded by the
distinguished chairman of the Military Com-
mittee, and it contains with one or two excep-
tions the names of all the officers who are mem-
bers of this House upon the other side, who
served as volunteers in the Army of the Uni-
ted States. I do not see the name of any
man who served from this side of the House,
although there are those who so served..
I wish to know from the chairman of the
Military Committee if he shrinks from placing
the officers of the Army of the United States
in competition witli negroes. Is he afraid to
enter into that fair and open field of competi-
tion to which he has invited the common sol-
dier to enter in this proposed reorganization
of the Army? Is it fear or is it prejudice that
leads him to refuse to do that? Is he ignorant
of the capacity of the negro, or is he influ-
enced to snch an extent by the narrow-minded
habits of life in which the honorable gentle-"
man has been educated that he cannot sec the
injustice of his own bill?
N ow, if his system of organizing the Amer-"
ican Army is worth anything, it should bo con-
sistent ; it should be a unit with itself. There
should be 110 difference or distinction on ac-
count of race or color either in the ranks or
among the officers. The gentleman seems to
shirk the responsibility of elevating the negro
race. The gentlemen of the Military Commit-
tee seem to tremble for their own personal dis-
tinction in that respect.
I look with eagerness and interest to the
course pursued by the honorable gentleman,
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs.] His inti-
mate relations with the colored race, his knowl-
edge of .their virtues and their fascinations ena-
ble him ro advocate the necessity of giving the
colored race an opportunity of entering the
military service of this country. He under-
stands fully the reasons why the doors should
be thrown open to the descendants ot the black
race, who bear the proud stains ot the highest
men in the Government ot this country to-uay
or in the past, whose mothers were the victims
of the seductive charms of the witty white man.
I congratulate the venerable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that he is not ignorant of their
