1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2938
Mr. WOODBBIDGE. I understand from
this paper, which emanates frora some of the
military departments in this city, that it is
optional, and the officer may commute his
rations at thirty cents each or draw them in
kind.
Mr. PAINE. I of course do not know what
paper the gentleman has in his hand.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to refer to the date of that commu-
nication and he will find that it was made forty
years ago. The other part is Brice's introduc-'
tion to it.
Mr. PAINE. I know not what the gentle-
man has in his hands, but I know what author-
ity I have read to the House. I have read
from the Army Regulations issued by authority
of the Secretary of War. I have read the pro-
visions standing on pages 252, 262, and 363,
and I declare these to be the regulations now
in force. I know by experience that they have
been rigidly enforced during this war, with the
modification as to cash payments to which I
have referred. I never heard of the case of
an officer drawing rations in kind.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think this is an
important feature of this discussion, and I
think it should be understood. I have no
information on the subject except what I have
received here. I ask whether an officer who
purchases a ration from a commissary of sub-
sistence is not entitled to receive it at thirty
cents.
Mr. PAINE. I will again read the law on
page 252:
"An officer may purchase subsistence of the com-
missariat, paying cash for it on delivery, at cost
prices, without including the cost of transportation,
on his certificate that it is for the use of himself and
family."
1 declare that to be, and to have been, the
law, with the sole modification often referred
to which gave officers a short credit on these
purchases when long delay in the payment of
the troops had rendered it impossible for them
to pay cash on delivery.
Mr. BLAINE. An officer at Fort Bridger
is furnished with provisions at their cost in
New York city. It is the cost of transporta-
tion which goes to swell up the price at the
frontier posts. The gentleman's point, there-
fore, amounts to nothing.
Mr. PAINE. Now, Mr. Speaker, I have no
dispute with the gentleman on that point. I
have read the law over and over again. It pro-
vides that the officers shall purchase rations at
cost, not including transportation. If the Gov-
ernment sees fit to purchase these rations at
St. Louis or any other place, they will be sold
to the officers without adding the transporta-
tion. So far as that is concerned, the gentle-
man is right at last; but I want to call his at-
tention and the attention of the House to some-
thing else which he seems entirely to overlook.
Does the gentleman believe that the bill before
the House, with the proposed amendments,
changes this feature of the law; that in conse-
quence of any provision in this bill officers will
not be allowed to purchase rations of the Gov-
ernment on precisely the same terms as here-
tofore? If he does, he is, I think, as much in
error as he has been respecting the existing
law on this subject.
The bill before the House provides that
" instead of pay, allowances, and emoluments,
of every kind except as hereinafter provided,
the following shall be the yearly compen-
sation of all officers of the Army,'' &c. It
makes no provision affecting directly or indi-
rectly the right of an officer to purchase from
the Government. On the contrary, pass this
bill—and on this point let me assure the House
that I cannot be mistaken—pass this bill, and
the officer has the right, stationed at Port
Bridger, to purchase subsistence of the com-
missary department at the cost price, not in-
cluding transportation. I want to have the
gentleman indicate, when his time comes to
speak again, how the law now in force in this
respect has any advantage over the bill which
the committee ask us to pass.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I have in my hand
a communication from the Paymaster General
of the Army, and appended to it is an article
which seems to have come from Paymaster
General Towson in 1826. I do not know any-
thing against this article except it be its age.
I find the following:
"When the difficulty of procuring provisions does
not exist the rations are commuted at twenty cents
each, [they are now thirty,]which amounts to the same
as allowing a specific sum. The option to commute
is with the officer."
That was the law in 1826. What I rose for
was to ask the gentleman—for I desire infor-
mation on this point—when the law was altered
so as to take, away from the officer the option
of drawing rations or commuting them at the
sum which the Government established.
Mr. PAINE. I never knew anything about
the law regulating the subsistence department
of the United States before the commencement
of this war. I knew very little about it, of
course, in 1826, and cannot therefore answer
the gentleman's question. I can give the gen-
tleman, however, a little second-hand informa-
tion this moment received from the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Dcmoxt,] who tells me
that he served as an officer in the Mexican war
and knows that the law was then, seventeen
years ago, what it now is.
Now, I come to the subject of forage, which
I will consider before fuel and quarters. Forage
is required for mounted officers only. There
is an amendment pending before this House
which certainly should be incorporated into
this bill giving mounted officers forage for their
horses. I would be opposed to the passage of
this bill without such an amendment as that.
I cannot by any possibility differ with the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Blaise] or the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thatek] on
that subject. But when those gentlemen say
that in adopting an amendment of that kind
as a portion of this bill you yield the whole
principle which underlies it, I am compelled
to deny the assertion. Why, Mr. Speaker, we
could not conveniently embrace this subject
of forage in a general provision for the whole
Army because it concerns only mounted officers.
But, sir, there is one other item of the
officer's pay which should go into the same
category with subsistence, and be disposed of
by a provision similar to that which now reg-
ulates the sale of commissary stores to officers.
I now come to that. It is the item of fuel.
The gentleman from Maine seems to me to
have misunderstood the law now in force relat-
ing tg this subject of fuel. He seems to me to be
of the opinion that an officer stationed at Fort
Bridger could, if he saw fit, draw commuta-
tion for fuel, at $100 per cord, and that this is a
substantial reason for regarding the law now in
force as preferable to the bill before the House.
Why, Mr. Speaker, an officer stationed at
Fort Bridger can by no possibility draw com-
mutation of fuel; the law permits no such
thing. There is but one case in which an
officer can, under these Army regulations, draw
commutation of fuel. When an officer is sep-
arated from troops, when lie is stationed at
a post where he does not serve with troops, he
can receive commutation for quarters, provided
public quarters cannot be furnished him bythe
Government ; but if he serves with troops, or
if serving away from troops he can be fur-
nished by the Government with public quar-
ters, then he draws no commutation of quar-
ters, and in precisely the same case he can
draw commutation of fuel, and in no other
case. If there be any doubt about it I can
read the letter of the law. But I trust that my
statement in this regard will be taken for true.
If, however, any gentleman desires to hear the
law read I will read it.
Now, no officers at Fort Bridger could, by
any human possibility, draw commutation of
fuel or quarters, and for this obvious reason,
that no officers could be stationed at Fort
Bridger without serving with troops. It is
one of those posts where troops are necessarily
used, and would be worthless without them.
Mr. Speaker, I think there should be a pro-
vision in this bill on the subject of fuel, and I
have prepared an amendment on that subject
which I shall submit to the House. I think it
will remove every possible objection to the bill
now before us growing out of this question of
fuel. I ask the Clerk to read it now for the
information of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Insert after the amendment already adopted by tie
House in relation to forage, the following: " Officers
may purchase from the quartermaster's department
the amount of- fuel prescribed in section ten hundred
and sixty-eight, article forty-seven, of the Army
Regulations of 1861, on their certificate that it is for
their own use, paying cash therefor on delivery, at
cost price, not including the cost of transportation
incurred after purchase by the quartermaster's de-
partment; and nothing in this act contained shall
affect the right of officers to use without charge pub-
lic barracks, or quarters, or buildings hired for their
use in accordance with the laws and regulations now
in force."
Mr. PAINE. I will also send to the Clerk's
desk to be read for the information of the
House an amendment prepared by the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Washburx] who is
absent from the House, and has requested me
to present it. It relates to the same subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
And be it farther enacted. That the officers of the
Army may purchase of quartermasters and commis-
saiies of subsistence the same amount of rations and
fuel to which they are now entitled by law at a uni-
form price fixed by the Secretary of War, not to ex-
ceed the average actual cost of the same to the Gov-
ernment, exclusive oftransportation: Provided, That
said officers shall at the time of the purchase certify
that the same is for their own use.
Mr. PAINE. I have thus shown that so
far as all the items of an officer's pay are con-
cerned, under the law now in force, except
only the items of fuel, quarters, and forage,
' that law is no better _for the officer than is
this bill, as originally introduced by the com-
mittee ; that it is no more adaptable to the
varying circumstances in which the officer may
find himself placed than was this bill. On
those points amendments are offered which, if
adopted, will, I believe, make the proposed
bill perfectly just and fair and equal in its
operations throughout all the United States.
I now propose to call the attention of the
House to the injustice of the measure which
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaise] and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mi'.Thayer]
advocate so earnestly. They complain hereto
us that, we are about to take away from our
Army officers some rights which have become
vested by long usage, by a long-existing law;
they complain that we are about to do injustice
to a portion of the Army. Now, it is a matter
of amazement to me that those gentlemen have
forgotten who it is that this bill aims to benefit.
It is amazing to me that they should have for-
gotten so utterly, should have so utterly ignored
those officers serving with troops in the field,
who are entitled to the consideration of this
House, I will not say more than, but I will say
as much as, the officers who are on duty in the
bureaus in this city or at posts in other cities.
The law as it now stands gives to a brigadier
general serving with troops in the field, endur-
ing all the hardships of a campaign, and brav-
ing all the dangers of the service, a compensa-
tion of S3.978 50, including everything, forage
and all. Put if he should be stationed in the
city of Washington he would reccive $5,355 50.
Now, we propose to raise the pay of those
officers who are serving their country in the
field, and gentlemen oppose it. Why do they
oppose it? It is a matter of justice; I know it
to be a simple matter of justice. I know that
the officer who serves with troops in the field
is and has been inadequately paid. I know
that during this war, taking into consideration
the depreciation in value of our currency, the
pay of au officer in the field has been but a
beggarly compensation. And yet gentlemen
resist, with all their might, the passage of a
bill which proposes to raise the pay of these
poorly paid officers who serve in the field.
It is with colonels, lieutenant colonels, and
majors, and all officers of the line, as with brig-
adier generals. For example, a colonel of in-
fantry in the field receives for his compensa-
tion, including forage, only $2,520. And yet
when on service in Washington a colonel of
