29B4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
infantry receives $3,897. A lieutenant colo- j
nei of infantry in the field receives, including ;
forage, $2,i3G; in Washington he receives
$3,05-5 50. A major of infantry in the field
receives $2,148; in Washington he receives :
$3,277 50. ... i
Now, I want to kno'w why it is that gentle- |
men have so violently opposed this bill which ]
does an act of such manifest justice to these
men who are sen ing their country in that hard-
est sphere of military duty, in the field itself.
The only reason seems to be an apprehension
that it will in some way reduce the pay of a
certain other class of officers.
Now, I admit that it will have that effect. I
admit that it will take off a small amount from
the pay, for instance, of a brigadier general
stationed in Washington. Instead of receiv-
ing $5,355, as now, he will, if this bill becomes
a law, receive, exclusive of forage, $5,000;
including forage, $5,384. A colonel's pay will
be reduced from $3,807 to $3,192; a lieuten-
ant coloncl's pay from $3,565 50 to $2,792,
and a major's pay from $3,2/7 50 to $2,092.
And while I am sorry to see those officers,
many of whom are among the very best in the
Army, deprived of any emoluments to which
they have been accustomed, I cannot resist
the force of that argument by which it is main-
tained that the officers who serve in the field
are entitled to at least equal pay with those
who serve in bureaus and in cities. Nor can
I for a moment doubt the policy of giving such
encouragement to field service. The country
and the Army must gain by the change. It is
complained that if this bill goes into effect the
pay of officers in Washington and at other
expensive localities will bo so reduced as to
become inadequate. Mr. Speaker, the pay of
a Senator in Washington is S3.000. A briga-
diergeneral now receives $5.355 50. A colonel
of infantry receives $3,897 ; a lieutenant colo-
nel of infantry, S3.5G5 50; a major of infantry,
$3,277 50.
Sir, there will be but three grades of officers
m the whole service, even after this bill is
passed, who will receive compensation ma-
terially less than that of the members of this
House. The general, the lieutenant general,
the major generals, the brigadier generals,
the colonels, the lieutenant colonels, and the
majors will all receive either a greater com-
pensation or a compensation in the cases of
lieutenant colonel and major only two or three
hundred dollars less than that of the members
of this House or of the Senate. Sir, I see no
good reason for complaining very bitterly of a
bill which makes provisions like these.
Cut, sir, an order from the Secretary of the
Navy has been introduced here by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and is expected to have a
bearing upon the question now before the House.
It appears from this order that the law which
prohibited any allowance to officers in the Navy
"for rent of quarters, or to pay rent for furni-
ture, or for lights or fuel," &c., has been re-
pealed. Now, what does the Secretary of the
Navy, whose example is commended to us by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, do when
this law is repealed? Does he issue an order
corresponding substantially to the present reg-
ulations of the Army respecting fuel, forage,
and quarters? Not at all. He condemns in
express language the provisions which are ob-
served in the Army, and refuses to adopt them.
He says:
"The Deportment, in order to prevent a recurrence
of the irregularities, abuses, and arbitrary allow-
ances which occasioncd the prohibition, deems it
proper to establish a fixed rate of compensation in
Hen of the extra allowances which were prohibited
by the law now repealed."
Why, sir, the first thing that the Secretary
of the Navy does, after the repeal of the law
gives_ him power to do anything on the sub-
ject, is to sweep away this expanding and con-
tracting system which these gentlemen seem
so much to admire, and to fix a uniform rate
of compensation in lieu of allowances, to wit,
thirty-three and a third per cent, on the pay
of the officers, a rate of compensation for alt
latitudes and all longitudea. I have nothing
to say as to the propriety of this arrangement;
I have nothing here to say as to the propriety
of the repeal of that law, except that I heartily
rejoice that justice has at last been done to
these noble sailors; but I do say that the exam-
ple of the Secretary of the Navy, which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania commends to us as
worthy of our imitation, condemns, in language
which cannot be mistaken, the very provision
which he so strenuously advocates. The Sec-
retary in this order adopts the principle of the
bill before us. He allows a fixed compensation
in lieu of commutation of quarters, fuel, &e.
His order is a singular argument to urge against
the measure proposed by the committee.
Now, sir, there are reasons very palpable to
my mind why this pay system so unequal and
so unjust has so long continued the law of the
country; and the reason is by no means that
which has been suggested by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. Sir, the fact that a sys-
tem, a law lias continued in existence for a
long period of time is no proof to me that it is
wise or just. Sir, flagrant abuses sometimes
exist for long periods of time. In the history
of the world it has been no less common for
burdensome, unjust, and oppressive laws to
exist uniepealed through generations and cen-
turies, than for wholesome, righteous, equal
laws to continue long in force.
I believe that any fair and candid man will
be able to see, in the circumstances of the
case, the reason why this law has stood unre-
pealed so long. Those reasons have been indi-
cated by the gentleman from Ohio. The very
men who have been interested in the perma-
nence of this system have been the men who
have every day had the ear of Senators and
Representatives in this Capitol. Whenever
the interests of officers stationed at Washing-
ton are to be touched by any proposed meas-
ure, we see honorable gentlemen prompt to
rise to vindicate those officers and defend them
from all assaults.
Sir, in former times instead of a half dozen
of the members rising as now, a hundred were
always ready to spring to their feet in this
House when any measure was proposed which
might possibly affect the interests of officers
stationed in Washington. In saying this I
make no complaint against these officers, for
as I have already said I entertain for them the
highest respect. They have not acted dis-
honorably in this. They were on the ground.
They were connected with the executive gov-
ernment, and much of its patronage was dis-
pensed through their hands. They kne^every
move in this House and in the Senate. They
knew what appliances to bring to bear. They
knew what to say and do on this floor and in
the lobby.
But, sir, officers in the field and at distant
posts have not been heard here. They could
not be heard. If they came into our lobbies
they would have no dispensing power in the
executive government to give weight to their
words and wishes. I sec very clearly a reason
for the long continuance of this system of pay
for the Army. If this war had not broken out;
if there had not been a large increase of the
Army; if after the war gentlemen had not
come into this House who by practical expe-
rience were cognizant of the inequalities in
this system the committee might never have
brought forward the measure before us. But
for this, there might have been a hundred like
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the gentle-
man from Maine, and the gentleman from Ver-
mont springing up in every part of this House
to protest against the infliction of a wrong
upon these worthy officers. Sir, they have no
warmer friend than I am. There is no man
less disposed to do them harm; but I think it
high time that the men who met the bayonets
and bullets of the enemy had advocates and
defenders on this floor.
I am sorry to hear the gentleman from
Pennsylvania and the gentleman from Maine
speak in condemnation of this law which pro-
poses to givo to them the justice so long with-
held, I trust, tardy thcrngh it bo, it will come
at last. I declare my opinion that the bill
now before the House is in its provisions more
nearly just than the one it proposes to replace.
It proposes to do equal and exjict justice to all.
It is just to those who serve with troops. It is
not unjust to those who serve without them. I
hope it may be amended as I have proposed,
and become a part of the law of the land.
Mr. WOODBIIIDGE obtained the floor.
ex rolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a bill and joint resolution
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act- (S. No. 208) to protect American
citizens engaged in lumbering on the St. Croix
river, in the State of Maine: and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 92^Tauthorizing
the appointment of examiners to examine a
site for a fresh-water basin for iron-clad vessels
of the United States Navy.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And then (at ten minutes to four o'clock
p. m.) the House adjourned until Monday next.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. DAWES: The remonstrance of Samuel Fay,
and others, of Massachusetts, against the extension
of the burring-maehino patent.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of James Smith, and
91 others, citizens of Willsboro, Essex county, Now
York, lor protection to American wool-growers.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of Major Gcorgo H.
Bonebrake, praying relief for money stolen from him
while m tho military service of the United States.
By Mr. MOORHEAD: The petition of citizens of
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, asking for protec-
tion to home against foreign labor.
By Mr. MOULXON: The petition of 50 citizens of
Pana, Illinois, praying that Congress will enact just
and equal laws for the regulation of inter-State insur-
ances of all kinds.
By Mr. MYE11S: The petition of Lewis Ladomus
and William P.Ellison, of Philadelphia, representing
the estate of John Moore, deceased, owners of square
No.760 East Capitol street, between Sceond and Third,
stieets, Washington, District of Columbia, occupied
by the Government sineo 1861, asking Congress for
the passage of an act to pay them rent for tho same.
By Mr. UPSON: The petition of ])rusilla Churchill,
and others, of St. Joseph county, Michigan, pi aying
for an increase of the pensions to tho widows, mothers,
and orphans of soldiers who have fallen in defense of
their country.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 4, 1806.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
executive communication'.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication of tho Postmaster
General, transmitting, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 23d of February last,
information relative to the establishment of a
telegraph in connection with the postal sys-
tem ; which, on motion of Mr. Sherman", was
referred to the select committee on that subject
and ordered to be printed.
petition's and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of mer-
chants, underv,-liters, and others, of New York
city, praying for the passage of ati act making
ai\ appropriation to defray the expense of
building suitable warehouses in the port of
New York for the reception of infected goods
and merchandise ; which was. referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Rufus H.
King, and others, bankers of the city of Al-
bany, New York, praying for the repeal or
extension of the act of Congress, imposing
a tax of ten per cent, on State bank circula-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of the boot
and shoe makers of the city of New York,
praying for the abolition of the taxi on their
trade; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
