1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
February 24,
and desire time for reflection and investigation
before taking a step that may be followed by
consequences of the most painful and disas-
trous character. We would also obtain, by
constitutional amendment or otherwise, some
guarantee for future good conduct before con-
senting to place such men in power. I believe
these views are, certainly they have been, in
accordance with the sentiments of t,l*e country.
Those were noble words uttered by Andrew
Johnson, in the Senate of the United States,
January 31, 1862:
"The leaders of rebellion have decreed eternal sep-
aration between you and them. Those leaders must
be conquered, and a new set oi men brought forward
who are to vitalize and develop the Union feeling of
the South."
And the heart of the nation was electrified
and strengthened when, on the 3d day of April,
1865, that same Andrew Johnson declared—
"That treason must be made odious and traitor's
must bo impoverished, their social power broken,
though they must be made to feel the penalty of their
crime."
The same speaker continues :
" We have put down these traitors in arms; let us
put them down in law, in public judgment, and in the
morals of the world."
And when the nation itself was prostrate and
paralyzed by the death of its assassinated Chief
Magistrate, who had acquired the love and con-
fidence of all patriots, itwas suddenlyrevivified,
reassured, and lifted up by the utterances of your
President, made April 18, 1805, in an "indi-
cation of" his "future policy,'-' wherein he
declared—
"That the American people must be taught, if they
do not already tccl, that treason is a crime and must
he punished." * 1)1 * * "Tliatwhatmay
be mercy to the individual is cruelty to the State."
These utterances met the cordial approbation
of the loyal North. But now, for entertaining
such prudential sentiments and convictions, we
are called to an account and denounced as.
fanatics, disunionists, and opponents of the
Administration. Indeed, it is charged that we
are opposed to a restoration of the Government,
the resumption of the arts of peace and the cul-
tivation of friendly relations among the various
sections and people of the country. Sir, who
are the men that have suddenly sprung up to
be our accusers ? Who are they now foremost
in demanding representation for traitors and
proclaiming that the Union is completely re-
stored ? Where did they stand when bills were
pending for raising an aimy for the defense of
our firesides'! Wheie were they when appro-
priations were made for feeding and clothing the
soldiers in the field? What did they say and do
when a Vallandigham was arrested and banished
the country for advising soldiers to desert their
national colors? What was their language when
the writ of habeas corpus was suspended in order
to restrain the treasonable acts of secret ene-
mies? What did they clo but denounce as vile
slanders the charges against rebels of starving
our noble soldiers in southern prison-pens?
Sir, these are the same men who, in 1862
and 1863, cried for peace at the expense of
nationality ; who declared the war a failure ;
•who said the Union was already destroyed;
who denounced the Adminstration and palli-
ated the monstrous crimes of traitors and mur-
derers; while we, undismayed by traitors on
either side and undaunted by the mischances
of war, devoted our energies to the prosecution
of the war and the restoration of the Govern-
ment in all its parts, protesting at all times that
not a foot of American soil should ever be taken
from us. Sir, it does not become the Democratic
party and their allies in the rebel States to
charge us with the design of preventing an early
restoration of law and order and a complete
union of the States. There is nothing else on
this side of the grave that I so ardently desire
to see as a complete Union of all the parts and
people of our land, thoroughly cemented and
working harmoniously on the basis of justice
and universal liberty. But in view of the uni-
versal grief that has settled upon the people,
eqt^i to_the sorrow that fell upon Egypt when
death seized upon the first-born of every house-
hold ; in view of the devastation visible in many
portions of the country, and mindful of the in-
describable sufferings that the people have en-
dured during the last five years, I am not will-
ing that the people of the seceded districts
shall participate in shaping the affairs of the
Government until they shall have given us some
evidence and guarantee of good faith and earn-
est fidelity.
These Democrats, who alittle time since would
let their aggrieved southern brethren depart in
peace, and who declared the Union dissolved,
have suddenly discovered that the country is in-
tact, and that the States are all now moving
harmoniously in their respective orbits. They
have, as in the twinkling of an eye, become
the assumed champions of that Administration
which they were so lately vilifying, and they
even condescend to give us lessons of in-
struction in regard to our duty toward that
Administration that we in spite of their oppo-
sition placed in power. And they threaten us
with the indignation of the people, who they
say are clamorous to have these scats lately
vacated by traitors once more filled by occu-
pants of the same stock. Do gentlemen who
make these statements flatter themselves that
the people are impatient to hear once more the
voice of Jefferson Davis or of John C. Breck-
inridge in the other end of the Capitol? Think
you, sir, that the widowed wife or the bereaved
father, who nightly dreams of seeing the fam-
ished husband or son lying in the tilth of An-
dersonville prison, r.nd who is ever and anon
startled into wakefulness by the fancied cry for
food or pure water, is sighing for the speedy
return to this Hall of the demon who connived
at his death by the slow but sure and torturing
process of starvation? Though such crimes
may have been forgiven they have not been
forgotten. Have the people any evidence of
repentance for such flagitious crimes ? If so,
what is it? Does it appear in the daily con-
versation, in the public speeches, in the halls
of legislation, or in the press of the South, the
burden of Jill which is " a just but lost cause?"
Does it appear in the elections, where wounds
and scars received in an attempt to overthrow
the Government are alone sufficient passports
to office? Does it consist in the daily mur-
ders of Union men in the districts lately in re-
bellion ? Is it shown in the undisguised bit-
terness and hate toward the Government in
those regions everywhere prevalent ? Is it man-
ifest in the disposition to extinguish the very
existence of every man who during the war was
found faithful among the faithless, and who
was content to wander in the mountains and to
find shelter in caves rather than be compelled
to raise his arm against his Government? Is
this repentance conspicuous in their fiendish
treatment of that unfortunate race who kissed
the rod that smote them, and despite the op-
pression and fiendish cruelties of two hundred
years became the sheet anchor of the Govern-
ment amid the terrible storm in which it was
enveloped, though by that Government, during
all that dark night ol' sighs and groans and
tears, their supplications had remained unheard
and unanswered?
■ Sir, the people of the North are a wise and
Christian people. They mourn the victims of
assassination, and they feel the pressure of tax-
ation. But they are merciful and forgiving, and
delight not in the flowing of blood. With you
and with me they pray for peace and a restored
Government, but they do not desire to see their
political interests again in the hands of disloyal
men. They know that now is the accepted time,
that now is the day of salvation. They know
that there is now an opportunity to establish
our political system on a permanent basis of
liberty and justice, and that if we fail to em-
brace it the golden moment will have escaped
for years, if not forever. They see that we have
reached a crisis in our affairs. To-day the way-
ward States are subject to our control, and we
may enforce order and require justice. Recog-
nize their status as States, and admit them to
representation in Congress with their present
disloyal temper and disposition, and the out-
lays in life and treasure of the last five years
will have been incurred in vain.
Mr. Speaker, it is «aid that Tennessee is an
exceptional case, and that she should stand on
her own merits unprejudiced by the condition
of other States. Let us, then, look to the condi-
tion of Tennessee and endeavor to ascertain
whether she is entitled to recognition as a State
of this Union and .to representation on this
floor.
Prima facie, Tennessee is disloyal. She
adopted an ordinance of secession and went
into the rebel confederacy. Since the 4th of
March, 1803, she has been without represen-
tation in either House of Congress. At the
time of the surrender of the last of the rebel
armies the greater portion.of her population
"were actively hostile to the Federal Govern-
ment. It is true that her people have been dis-
armed ; but is there any evidence of their change
of heart? It is said that the new government of® '
Tennessee is composed of loyal men. This I do
not deny. But I do not concede that because
the noble-hearted Governor Brownlow and his
associates are loyal that it follows as a natural
corollary that Tennessee is fit to be recognized
and represented as a State. ■ That, I think,
would be assuming for truth what ought to Be
proved. It is what is sometimes called "a
begging of the question." But as Governor
Brownlow andhis associates constitute the gov-
ernment for which gentlemen urge an early
admission, we may for the present waive an
examination of flying tourists and the manu-
facturers of common fame and listen to what
these gentlemen have to say; premising, how-
ever, that as they, above all others, have a
direct personal interest in the earliest prac-
ticable and safe restoration of the State to its
complete standing in the Union, we cannot
reasonably suppose that they will attempt to
make the condition of affairs in Tennessee ap-
pear worse than it really is.
On the 9th of January last ccrtain gentlemen
claiming to constitute "a large majority of the
State central committee of the Union party of
Tennessee," addressed a memorial "to the
honorable congressional committee on recon-
struction," in which thfey say:
"That in the spring of 1861 about forty thousand
of the voters of Tennessee made up their minds to
adhere to the flag of their country in spite of the tor-
nado of treason that swept the State and carried it
into the vortex of rebellion. They constituted loss
than one third of the voting population of the State,
and far less of its wealth and political influence."
* * * * "More than twenty-five thousand
of our numbers, leaving their homes and families to
be pillaged and abused, traveling through mount-
ains or swamps by night, and hiding in thickets by
day to evade a pursuing and murderous enemy,
escaped to the Federal lines, and without bounty or
other inducements enrolled themselves asUnion sol-
diers. They have returned to their homes from a gal-
lant and bloody service to find, in many instances,
their homes in ruins, their property gone, and their
families abused, insulted, or outraged. And it must
be added that in many instances these victorious
heroes of the national cause arc not permitted to re-
main at their homes in peace, or if permitted they
are crippled in business and politically and socially
outlawed. Tliodesignsof thcgreatseccssion majonty
of Tennessee may have been changed bythe eventsof
the war, and so may have been their opm ons of their
own strength and of the strength ot thcUovernment,
but unless your memorialists greatly misunderstand
them their sentiments, sympathies, and passions re-
main unchanged. They welcome peace because they
are disabled from making war; they submit because
they can no longer resist; they accept results they
cannot reject; and profess loyalty because they have
a halter around theirnccks."
These memorialists further say:
"Whether we regard it as our former State govern-
ment restored, or as a new government given to us
by the power of the nation, is immaterial, as it has
been compelled at every step to lean upon thestrong
arm ofthcnationalauthorityforsupport. Theaction
of the convention was submitted to the votes of the
loyal people, and by means of the strong will of tho
military governor and a rigid test oath, and because
the election was not recognized by tho disloyal, it was
nearly unanimously adopted, securing over twenty
thousand votes, many of the Union men being in the
rebel lines at the time."
It further appears from this memorial that
"the convention of February," in order to
kocp the power of the State in loyal hands,
attempted to provide—
"For a formal disfranchisement of [by] conferring
upon tho first Legislature the power to limit the elect-
ive franchise. So far the legislation on this subject
