3896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
The Senate employes, as a general thing, were
not receiving as much compensation before this
increase as the House employes were, and con-
sequently the addition of twenty-five per cent,
to the existing salaries would not make them
equal in every case, and where that was the
case we made them equal, at all events. They
ought to have been equal, I suppose, for like
services all the time, and we have cndeavoi'ed
to make them so. There are some oflices of
the different departments here that seem to be
anomalous; there is nothing in the House to
compare them to; but as the universal princi-
ple seemed to be to increase by twenty-five per-
cent. the salaries of the officers, I have pre-
pared an amendment here that covers that kind
of employes whore there is no common stand-
ard of comparison, and I have done it byadd-
ing the same amount that seemed the general
amount aimed at in the other cases. 1 move,
therefore, that this bill be amended by adding
as an additional section the following:
A.ml he it further enactcd, That the chief engineer
of thehcatingandventilatingappa.vatusshall be paid
$1,740; two assistant engineers, $1,500 each; the cap-
tain of tho Capitol police, $2,175: the lieutenant of
the Capitol police, $1,875; twenty-nine Capitol police-
men, $1,650 each; page to the Vice President, the same
compensation as is paid to the other permanent pa^ert
of the Senate; one special policeman in the oflice of
the Secretary of the Senate, $1,000; three laborers in
the officii of the Secretary of the Senate. $2 50 per day
cach : clerk of printing records of tho Senate, ^>2,500;
tho Public Gardener, with tho force employed under
him, an additional increaso of twenty-five per cent,
to the compensation now received by tiicm.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to move an amend-
ment in the eleventh and twelfth lines of the
first section. Tho clause as it now stands reads,
" principal executive clerk, $2,100." I move to
amend that by striking out the words "twenty-
one hundred and sixty" and inserting " three
thousand," so as to make the salary $3,000.
1 believe that the salaries of the principal exec-
utive clerk and the principal legislative clerk
arc the same amount now; but the committee
have raised tho salary of the principal legislative
clerk to So,000, and have left the salary of the
principal executive clerk standing as before
upon the ground that there was no corresponding
officer in the House. The attempt of the com-
mittee was to equalize the salaries of the officers
in this branch with the salaries of correspond-
ing officers in the other branch of Congress, but
there was no officer in the other branch of Con-
gress corresponding to the executive clerk of the
(Senate, and therefore they made no alteration.
The duties of this officer have very largely in-
creased of late years, probably more than that of
any other officer or employe about tho Senate.
I have been furnished with some data showing
this increased labor. In the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress, the whole number of nominations sent
into the Senate was 1,551; in the Thirty-Sixth
Congress it was 1,233 ; in the Thirty-Seventh
Congress it was 8,938.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator read that
over again?
Mr. POLAND. In the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress the whole number of nominations was
1,554; in the Thirty-Sixth Congress it was
1,233: in the Thirty-Seventh Congress, 8,938 ;
in the Thirty-Eighth Congress, 7,748; andsinee
the commencement of this session the num-
ber of nominations that have been sent in is
7,910, for a part onlv of one session.
Mr. WADE. This was, so far as we could
learn, an anomalous office. There was nothing
in the House to compare it to, and of course
as we could not equalize it, we left it as it was.
The rest of the employes, however, have been
raised, by this bill, twenty-five per cent, to
make them correspond with the empioy6s of the
House generally; and if it is right that the
others should be equalized in that way, 1 have
no objection to applying the same principle to
this officer.
Mr. FE.SSENDEN. This amendment would
make an increase of more than twenty-five per
cent.
Mr. WADE. The amendment may carry it
too far. It is not in my mind now what that
salary was.
Mr. BROWN. Twenty-one hundred and
sixty dollars.
Mr. WADE. Then it ought to be raised by
the addition of twenty-five per cent, to make
it like the others. That would be the same
principle that the rest have gone on. I should
say it ought to be about twenty-five hundred
dollars. That would be applying to it the same
principle as has been applied in the case of the
other clerks. Three thousand dollars would
be above the gauge which we have gone on
with reference to the others.
Mr. POLAND. I inquire of the honorable
Senator from Ohio if the salary of the princi-
pal legislative clerk is not now $2,160, the
same as tho principal executive clerk. r
Mr. WADE. The principal legislative clerk
gets Sj$2,lG0 now.
Mr. POLAND. And that is raised to $3,000
by this bill ?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. POLAND. Why should not the salary
of the principal executive clerk be raised to
the same extent?
Mr. WADE. We supposed that the chief
clerk ought to have a rather higher salary than
the others.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He is here at the desk
always.
Mr. WAD43. He is always at the desk,
never leaves it a moment; and frequently has
the duties of other officers to perform. We
thought we fixed his salary at a sum small
enough; but we leave it to the judgment of
the Senate. Tho amount we have named is
our judgment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was a little surprised
at the statement of my colleague, and 1 have
been looking at the law which fixes the com-
pensation of clerks and other officers of the
House of lleprcsentatives. I do not find in
the law any such compensation as is now pro-
posed to bo given to the officers of the Senate.
1 have tho annual estimates here before me,
and 1 see that tho appropriation for Clerk of
the House of Representatives is $3,000, the
same we allow to our Secretary; and for
" chief clerk and one assistant clerk $2,160
cach." Their legal compensation is $2,100
each.
Mr. WADE. My colleague has probably got
the statement prior to the act of the House
lately.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I will make a state-
ment in regard to that. Some years ago, in
order to cut off the practice of the two Houses,
at the close of the session voting by resolu-
tion an extra allowance of twenty per cent, to
their clerks and other emplov6s, a law was
passed declaring that neither House should in
this way increase the compensation of its offi-
cers. That is the law. The House of Repre-
sentatives, three years ago, undertook in vio-
lation of the law to increase the pay of the offi-
cers of the House. The Senate by an almost
unauimous vote contested it, and finally, as a
kind of compromise, as the House had commit-
ted itself to the payment, after a long discussion,
we allowed that appropriation to pass, to be
paid out of the contingent fund of the House,
on the express condition inserted in the law,
that after that time the thing should not be
repeated. Now, they have undertaken at this
session, as I understand, to increase the com-
pensation of their employes twenty-five per
cent, in violation of two laws, one of which
was the result of a compromise; but that res-
olution of the House will not be regarded by
the accounting officers of the Treasury. They
have always declared that neither House could
raise the compensation of its own employes.
It must be done bylaw. The provision for that
twenty-five per cent, increase of compensation
of the employes of the House is not a law, nor
will any accounting officer allow the money to
be paid upon it. It must be sanctioned by a
subsequent act of Congress making an appro-
priation to carry it into effect. That has not
been done nor has it been proposed so far as I
know. I ask the Senator from Maine if there
is any such provision in any of the bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. So I thought. The com-
pensation of these officers is fixed by the law
as in the statement before mo in the estimates.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And that is all the
appropriation that is made for tlieni.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir. In the esti-
mates it will be seen that the clerks are put at
$1,800. Under the circumstances, when the
proposition was made by my colleague to or-
ganize a committee to make the salaries of the
officers of the Senate equal to those of the
House, I was in favor of it, because in regard
to some officers of the Senate there is a defi-
ciency of compensation. For instance, the
Sergeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper of the Sen-
ate gets but $2,000, while the same officer of
the House gets something more—$2,160, I
think. But there is a reason for that. In the
House the Sergeant-at-Arms is the disbursing
officer of the House. He pays the members
their compensation and mileage, while here
the Secretary of the Senate does it, or rather
we pay a clerk to do it and allow him $480
extra compensation for that service. It seems
to me that if we now raise the salaries of the
officers of the Senate by a permanent law the
House, as a matter of course, will raise the
salaries of the officers of the House to equal-
ize them with the Senate, and then we shall
have the salaries fixed by this bill permanent
perhaps.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator if the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate does not dis-
charge the duties of Doorkeeper.
Mr. SHERMAN. But he has a very effi-
cient assistant doorkeeper who is called as-
sistant doorkeeper, but who is really Door-
keeper.
Mr. WILLIAMS. There is a distinct salary
paid to the Doorkeeper, in the House, and an-
other distinct salary to the Sergeant-at-Arms,
while here one salary pays the Sergeant-at-
Arms for discharging both duties.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not indisposed to
give tho chief clerk and the principal legisla-
tive clerk and the Sergeant-at-Arms fair and lib-
eral compensation—I would say about $3,000.
I do not think it is wise now for us to give
$2,500 a year to the clerks employed in per-
forming duties about the Senate, when most
of their duties are discharged simply during
the session of the Senate. If this bill is passed
we can no longer refuse the application that
is made to raise our own salaries. We cannot
refuse to raise any salaries if we raise these to
the amonnt proposed by my colleague.
Nothing in the world, is so unpleasant as to
attempt, to resist or restrain an increase of sal-
aries to those who are around us and associ-
ated with us, who are always kind and polite
to us, and to whom we are naturally attached;
but it seems to me wo ought to be prepared
for the consequences which must result from
this legislation, and we ought to look it fairly in
the face. I do not want to say anything more
about it. I am willing to give a fair com-
pensation to officers of a permanent character,
like the Sergeant-at-Arms, the Secretary of
the Senate, and others; but I think this bill is
drawn on an erroneous principle.. It is drawn
on tho supposition that the resolution of the
House, passed for this session only, is a part
of the law of the land, when it is not.
Mr. WADE. I know that heretofore there
was a controversy between the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Senate whether the other
branch of Congress could increase the com-
pensation of its own employes. I do not know
how that was finally settled. I had a strong
opinion about it that perhaps an appropriation
for that purpose, like every other appropria-
tion of money, should be fixed by Congress,
and not by one branch alone. Notwithstand-
ing, that was done at that time ; and the House
of Representatives supposed they had powei
to do what they have done recently, or they
would not have done it. I have taken the cer-
tificate of the Clerk of the House as to the
compensation of their employes. The com-
mittee applied to him to furnish us with a state-
