1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment of the salaries now paid by the House,
and we have it here. Senators will find a in-
parative table at the end of the report in this
ease. The first row of figures in the table is
the pay that the Clerk of the House certifies to
us is received by the officers of the House now.
I take that as a gauge. I know, however, that
that was founded upon the increased compen-
sation'that the House, by resolution, had_ voted,
vbether valid or not. If it is not valid, and
the Senate is determined to treat it as invalid,
this whole bill falls to the ground, because it
was attempted to equalize the compensation
upon that principle. Without that increase it
can still be equalized, but the inequality be-
tween the two is not very great without that
increase. The second row of figures is a state-
ment of the amounts paid by the Senate to its
employes. The third column is the difference ;
and in the fourth column is a statement of the
increase proposed to be made by'this bill. It
equalizes the salaries upon the enhanced pay-
ments that the House has agreed to make.
As to our Sergeant-at-Arms. he has a verj'
onerous duty to perform that the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the House does not have to perform.
I think there are three, if not four, officers of
the House of Representatives receiving alto-
gether something like seven thousand dollars
for the performance of the duty which the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the Senate in his own person
performs very much. He makes all the pur-
chases, which keeps him here during the vaca-
tion. He will not have any respite at all. In
the other House, I believe, that matter is at-
tended to by some one officer, who is charged
with that special duty. The Sergeant-at-Arms
does it himself, here, and it is a very onerous
duty to perform, and he ought to receive com-
pensation for it, in my judgment. At i ll events
we have fixed his compensation at the same
sum that is allowed to the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the House of Representatives; and so of
the rest.
It was not the purpose of the committee to
fix what the compensation ought to be, but
rather to equalize it with the compensation of
corresponding officers in the other House. I
am inclined to think that under all the circum-
stances at present the compensation proposed
is too high. I have voted almost always against
the enhancement of salaries, but I cannot con^
ceal from myself the fact that the value of
money is so much inferior to what it was be-
fore the war that gentlemen who live here on
these salaries find it. pretty hard to get along
in the way they are now. I think, perhaps, the
increase ought to be made temporary, so that
if monetary affairs get to be more satisfactory
■we may go back to the old compensation. That
would be nearer to what it ought to be; but as
things are now this increased compensation, in
my judgment, will not pay these employes as
well as they were paid before the war. I have
no idea that the compensation will be as valu-
able^ them, or to anybody else who receives
it, under the prices at present prevailing, by
reason, perhaps, of the derangement ot our
currency. In that view I do not think that
what this bill proposes to pay i*j any too much.
I think the other House is right. I do not
know that the House proceeded legally—my
colleague thinks they did not—to enhance the
salaries of their employes in this way. But it
is the judgment of the House in regard to what
they ought to receive, and I agree with the
House that it is right. I think the compensa-
tion they have fixed for their officers is about
right. If what they have done was not author-
ized by law they will undoubtedly amend this
bill, if we pass it, by fixing the like compensa-
tion for their employes, and that will remove
all the difficulty alleged as to their want of
power, and will make it all right.
I do not wish to discuss the question at
length whether the compensation now paid is
sufficient, or whether the action of the House
was legal or not, because, if it was not so it is
very easy to make it so, and it is much easier to
make it so than to have a controversy on that
subject, which'would be very disagreeable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I confess that I do not
understand this. There is too much confusion
as to the facts, in my judgment, to enable the
Senate to act upon it understanding^ The
special committee have gone on a basis that
they thought was a proper one, and undoubt-
edly was in the way the matter was referred to
them, but they evidently proceeded under a
misapprehension of the facts as stated by the
honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
We have made an appropriation this year to
pay, according to the estimates, the clerks and
employes of the House of Representatives. The
estimates were not at all according to the ratio
now stated; and it is true, as the honorable
Senator from Ohio has said, that if the House
of Representatives has passed a resolution to
add twenty-five per ccnt. to the compensation
of their cinploy6s, it cannot be paid and allowed
on settlement by the accounting officers.^ The
compensation is regulated by a law of Con-
gress, and one House cannot change it without
the other.
Now, sir, with regard to this matter gener-
ally, if there are any officers whose compensa-
tion ought to be increased decidedly because
it is permanently insufficient, I am perfectly
willing to provide for such cases. For instance,
I am willing to allow our chief clerk $3,000,
but not $3,200 simply because the twenty-five
per cent, added to the compensat'.on of the
corresponding officer in the House of Repre-
s ntatives is supposed to bring it up to that
amount. I think, also, that the principal legis-
lative clerk, who now has S2,1G0, ought to have
$2,500; audi think that the Sergeant-at-Arms,
who now gets $2,160, ought to have S2,500; and
the committee propose to allow him a clerk
in addition. That is a new office. A clerk is
allowed in the House of Representatives simply
because the Sergeant-at-Arms of the House is
the disbursing officer and keeps accounts, and
must necessarily do it. Our Sergeant-at-Arms
makes some purchases and performs extra j
duties, but he does not perform the duties of a !
disbursing officer because those arc performed '
by another, whom we pay.
T'~ere is one thing in this bill that in my
judgment is decidedly wrong. It allows to the
"keeper of the stationery" $2,500, and then
a new office is created by it of messenger in
the stationery-room at $1,500. Just look and
see how that is managed. Here is a clerk, or
a messenger, or whatever you please to call
him, who has charge of the stationery, whom
you never see in the stationery-room. I never
saw him there in my life, and I guess no other j
Senator ever saw him there. Ho, under this
bill, having charge of that room nominally, is
to have 82,500. He makes the purchases of
stationery; he provides it; he is called''the
keeper of the stationery;" andinstead of keep-
ing it, we appoint a messenger in the station-
ery-room at $1,500 to do all the work of deal-
ing out the stationery to Senators and beeping
the accounts. Then in fact we are to allow a
keeper of the stationery $2,500 a year for
nothing in the world except making the pur-
chases of the stationery necessary, and I sup-
pose he may be considered as supervising it,
but wc employ a messenger in addition at $1,500
in order to take care of the stationery. There
is $4,000 for that.
Mr. WADE. It is the same in the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the amount of sta-
tionery in the House must be vastly greater,
and there are so many more persons to be
waited upon that undoubted!}7 it maybe neces-
sary to have a messenger there, but it is not
necessary here. One man can do the whole,
and one man did the whole for a long period
of years until this proposed increase. Mr.
Clubb, who was in that room for many years,
never had a clerk or messenger, and never
called for one. Ho did the whole^work and
did it well for a series of years. Now we are
to add SI,500 for a messecger to stay there
and do the work and wait upon us while_the
'"keeper" himself is to be allowed $2,500.
There is no reason for it in the world. II the
keeper of the stationery chooses to employ
himself about other business and puts some-
body else in there to be paid, one of the mes-
sengers to the Senate in reality, I think he
should pay that person out of his own pocket.
We allow enough to the keeper of the station-
ery to perform all the duties for the small num-
ber of Senators there are here. While I am
on that subject, I will say that I really wish that
the Committee on the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate would turn their attention1 to the
stationery-room and put it under some regula-
tion. Nothing in my judgment is more neces-
sary ; nothing calls for reform here in the Sen-
ate more than that stationery-room. Ithas got
to be au abuse in my judgment, and a.very seri-
ous one, and this is adding to it.
I notice in the table appended to the report
the last item is "messengers," and the table
shows that our messengers are now paid $1,200,
and it proposes to pay them $1,500, and that is
put down as an addition of $300. I suppose
there are twenty or twenty-five of them, and
each one is raised $300. The number of mes-
sengers is not put down, and instead of this
item being an additional expense of $300 only,
as the report would seem to show, we are at
$300 additional expense for every messenger
we have got connected with the Senate. We
have increased the number very much since
we came to the new Hall, with a larger gallery;
and the Sergeant-at-Arms has been obliged to
add to them now and again.
I think this bill needs careful revision. It
is leaping in the dark in the first place, on the
supposition, taking it for granted, which, I take
it, is not the fact as the law stands, and cannot
be, that the officers of the House rcceive all
that is fixed by a vote of the House, and that
therefore we must come up to that by law. If
we do, the result will be that the House will
add the increased salary for their employes as
an amendment to the bill, and then this very
large increase of compensation all around will
take place.
Whatever officers there may be here in the
Senate connected with us ought to be well and
properly paid. I think there are some whose
salaries ought to be raised ; but I think those
whose salaries ought to be raised are those
who do the great work of the Senate, and have
great responsibilities, and whose salaries have
been kept too low. With regard to the others
generally, I have not heard any complaint until
this effort on the part of the House, which re-
sulted one year in compelling the Senate to
yield to it in order to pass a bill, if I recollect
aright, and is now attempted again. I think
it would be better to refer this bill to the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses on the part of
the Senate. I do not know whether the Sen-
ator who has charge of the bill will object to
that or not.
Air. WADE. I have no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it should bo
prooerly revised and looked into, that we may
see'what the facts and the law are on tho sub- _
ject. I therefore move that this bill be referred
to the Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have taken no part in
this matter, and am not particularly advised as
to the amount the salaries are proposed to be
raised; but I submit to the Senator from Maine
that when the Senate has appointed a special
committee for the particular object of looking
into this matter and they have made a report
upon it—the only object for which the com-
mittee were raised—now to take it from that
committee and submit it to one of the stand-
ing committees of the Senate is not treating
tho special committee respectfully.
Mr. FESSENDEN. i did not mean that. I
turned around to the Senator from Ohio before
I made the motion and asked him if he had any
objection to it, and he said he had no objec-
tl0Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose his delicacy
would not allow him to object. If the biL is
to be recommitted, I think it had better be to
the same committee that reported it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Penu-
