1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
{.3987
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well. I supposed
those amendments were through with.
The next amendment reported by the com-
mittee was in section four, lines four, five, and
six, to strike out " shall be the same as that
now allowed by law to the Commissioner of
Patents," and to insert "namely, the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, the Commissioner
of Pensions, and the Commissioner of the
General Land Office shall be $4,000 each per
annumso that the clause will read:
That from and afterthe commencement of the next
fiscal year, the compensation of the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Interior and that of the heads of the bu-
reaus of the Department of the Interior, namely, the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, the Commissioner
of Pensions, and the Commissioner of the General
Land Officc shall bo 81,000 oach per annum.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is the amendment
which raises the salaries of the heads of these
bureaus. The committee were unanimously
of opinion that it ought to be done. The head
of the General Land Officc is one of the most
important officers in the Government. lie is
constantly passing upon legal questions, decid-
ing titles to land, and is as important an offi-
cer as one of the judges, I may say, of the
Supreme Court. Then the Commissioner of
Pensions is one of the most important officers
also, and very great and grave questions are
constantly coming before him; and I think to
a man who is capable of properly discharging
that duty we ought to give at least $4,000 a
year; and the same may be said also of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs: the amount
of business which is thrown upon the head of
that bureau is very great, especially in the
development of the western Territories which
have brought us into contact with all the Indian
tribes. The business of the bureau proper has
increased at least threefold within the last six
years.
Mr. President, I do not desire to take up
the time of the Senate in arguing the question,
but it was the unanimous judgment of. the com-
mittee that we ought to put the salaries at this
amount. #
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not object to rais-
ing these salaries to that amount, if that is the
judgment of the Senate, and I do not rise for
that purpose; but I want to notify my friend
that the inevitable result will be to raise the
salaries of all the heads of bureaus and all the
Assistant Secretaries.
Mr. WILSON. What axe they now?
Mr. FESSENDEX. Three thousand five
hundred dollars, I think.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Three thousand dollars
in the Interior Department.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Wisconsin, if it is so neces-
sary to raise the salaries of these gentlemen
who are now getting §3,000 to $4,000, why is
it that you propose in this bill for poor men
who are provided for salaries of 8720, men
who have families to support as well as these
high-salaried officers, whose services are im-
portant to the Government, I take it, or else we
should not employ them ? It seems to me there
is rather too great a disparity between the
lower class of officers and the higher class.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The truth is that to men
who are capable of discharging these high
duties, if the G overnment would retain them in
its employ, it must pay them sufficient for them
to live respectably with their families. We
know that in the case of watchmen and labor-
ers there is a sufficiently large compensation
paid to them compared with what is paid to
the same class of persons in other employments
throughout the country. In answer to my friend
from Maine, I say most distinctly that in refer-
ence to all the heads of bureaus in all the
Departments, I have no objection, indeed I
would favor putting their salaries at S4,000 a
year. I think it ought to be done. On the
subject of the salaries of the clerks which are
provided for in this bill, I will say that the sala-
ries of some of the heads of divisions are raised.
The head of the Department told the commit-
tee that he supposes that in the Land Office,
since the present Commissioner has been there,
there has been an almost entire change of the
clerical force three times, because when a man
got into the Department and got sufficiently
accustomed to its duties in the Land Office, he
was a man who could command a much higher
salary outside of the Department; he had only
to resign in the Department and go into other
employment; and the best clerks, the most
efficient clerks, were being taken constantly
out of the Department, and therefore the ne-
cessity of giving some higher compensation to
the chiefs of divisions. While the bill does
this, the whole compensation paid to the cler-
ical force of the Department of the Interior,
as will appear by the printed statement before
the Senate, is not increased, but it is lessened
by some twelve thousand dollars. In the De-
partmentproper, the number actually employed
or authorized by law now is seventeen, with an
aggregate compensation of $23,900. The num-
ber proposed is sixteen, at an aggregate com-
pensation of $27,900. There is an increase.
In the General Land Office there are one hun-
dred and fifty-five actually employed or author-
ized by law, at an aggregate compensation of
§208,600. The number proposed to be em-
ployed is one hundred and forty, with an aggre-
gate compensation of $208,000—a decrease of
§600. In the Indian Office the number actu-
ally employed or authorized by law is thirty-
three, with an aggregate compensation of
§45,500. The number proposed is thirty-three,
with an aggregate compensation of $51,600.
There is an increase. In the Pension Office
the number actually employed or authorized
by law is one hundred and seventy-seven, with
an aggregate compensation of $242,000. The
number proposed is one hundred and forty-
seven, with an aggregate compensation of
$221,200—a decrease of nearly twenty-one
thousand dollars. The number is decreased
and the Commissioner of Pensions is enabled
to employ men of greater capacity at higher
salaries and competent to perform more ser-
vice.
Mr. GRIMES. Will he not employ the
same men he does now?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He will employ some
of the same men undoubtedly; but he employs
now one hundred and seventy-seven, and the
bill proposes to allow him to employ but
one hundred and forty-seven. Some men are
capable of performing more services than three
other men. There is this difficulty: if a man
not accustomed to the business in the Land
Office or the Pension Office makes a mistake,
a blunder, it costs two or three clerks of
capacity a long time before they can correct it;
therefore the necessity of keeping experienced
clerks in these offices. This was the reason
which was urged upon us by the head of the
Department, and I have no doubt it is well
founded.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there is a very
considerable degree of correctness in what has
been said by the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin. My experience and observation have
shown me that there are faults in the system
which if they could be corrected we should get
along very much better and cheaper. I think
it is a great mistake that we expect to get
valuable services from able men in places where
we ought to have able men for a compensation
that will not support them comfortably well in
this city. I know that in the Treasury De-
partment it has been exceedingly difficult to
keep men who were competent to render the
services required. In the position of fourth-
class clerks services are demanded that require
the. ability of men who can command out of the
Department a salary of £3,000 readily, and
while I was there men of that description were
resigning at the rate of six or seven a w'cek.
As soon as they got well taught, well under-
stood their duties, and showed their capacity
and their integrity, some national bank or
some other institution would take them out of
our hands by an offer of a much larger salary.
That onfht to be remedied, in my judgment,
in all the Departments. I cannot undertake
to say how much ought to be given, but there
Js no reason, why the Goyeramentsjeftiiring.tbe
services of such men in considerable numbers
—for they are absolutely requisite—should not
pay what others pay elsewhere for the same
kind of services. Otherwise, we shall not have
the men; they will leave.
There is no sort of difficulty in getting any
number of first-class clerks? and, perhaps, of
second-class clerks in the Departments at the
rates that we pay. There are thousands of
young men always standing ready to take posi-
tions of that description, and the services that
are required of them being mostly copying,
being services which require but a small de-
gree of ability, comparatively, are such as
filmost anybody tolerably well educated can
render. But it.is not so with thehigher classes
of clerks, the heads of divisions, the chief
clerks, the book-keepers. In the Internal Rev-
enue Bureau, for example, a very high order of
ability is required of these officers for many
purposes ; and so in the office of the Comp-
troller of the Currency And in .several other
offices it is exceedingly difficult to get along
for the want of sufficient salaries for that class
of men.
Now, sir, I have no doubt .that if you would
give any Secretary at the head of a Department
in this city, who -was an honest and capable
man, two thirds of the amount that you appro-
Sriate annually for the. payment of clerks m his
'epartment, and tell him to expend it at his
own discretion and carry on the business, he
would be able to do the business better for
that amount of money than he does it now,
because you would then leave the selection of
the men to him, and he would pay them ac-
cording to their merits, what they earned and
what the necessities of the case required. But
there is one thing that stands directly in the
way of all this; and that, is that Congress
undertakes to regulate this matter. In the
first place, we said, and the President said,
"You must appoint soldiers." Soldiers are
very well if they are capable, and if they have
been disabled they are men who ought to have
the preference, perhaps, over others, in being
appointed clerks; but in the anxiety to get
disabled soldiers in the Departments, and in
the anxiety of members to have them ap-
pointed, following out what seems to be the
public sentiment, the result has been that the
business of the Departments has been embar-
rassed by having a good many incompetent
clerks; and still it. is insisted, and loudly in-
sisted, in the newspapers and elsewhere, that
trained clerks, who understand the business of
the Departments, should be turned out for the
purpose of giving their places to those who
have been fighting our battles. The principle
is well enough; but the practice, to the extent
to which it is claimed that it ought, to be car-
ried, would be utterly destructive to the busi-
ness of the Departments.
Another thing: every member of Congress
solicits the Departments for appointments, or
pretty much everyone; there maybe excep:
tions. I know that I have been obliged to do
it, and other members have felt obliged to do
it; and having been in a Department, I know
that the public interests suffer from it. A clerk
is removed for incompetency or some other
causc; somebody comes and says, ''It will not
do to remove that man; he is a very important,
man in my district; be makes capital speeches t
we cannot dispense with him; he has a great
many connections, and important connections;
and "lie must be put back again;'' and he is
put back. When I was in the Department I
made it a rule in reference to soldiers, that if
a man came in with one leg or one arm, that
should be a sufficient recommendation, pro-
vided he could get_along at all; I appointed
him and gave him time to learn ; but it created
verv considerable embarrassment. That, how-
ever, is a trifle compared to the solicitations
that come from Senators and Representatives
and their interference with the business of the
Departments. The result is that, we get more
than are necessary, or more than would be
necessary if attention wag paid to tho ability
