1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1977
which I could offer it appropriately would be
to move to strike out the whole section and
insert this iu lieu of it.
Mr. SCHENCK. This section applies to an
organization of six new cavalry regiments to
be added to the six now in the service, and
this general military legislation, intended to
apply to all officers of all arms of the service,
is incongruous with this part of the bill. I
hope the gentleman will so far aid the commit-
tee in perfecting the bill as to reserve his motion
and offer it as a distinct section at a later period.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. If that will conduce
to the convenience of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs I will withdraw my amendment
for the present, and offer it at another time.
The amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend the
fourth section by striking out in line five the
word "comprising," and inserting in lieu
thereof the word " constituting."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOYER. I offer the following amend-
ment.
In line six after the word "regiments," strike
out all the remainder of the section, as follows:
Of ten regiments, to be raised and officered as
hereinafter provided for. to be called the Veteran
Reserve corps; and of eight regiments of colored men,
to be raised and officered as hereinafter provided, to
be known as United States colored troops.
This bill, as interpreted by the chairman of
the Military Committee, provides for an army
of fifty thousand men, but with an organization
capable of expansion to eighty-two thousand
six hundred men. That is, there are to be
regiments organized and officers appointed
sufficient for an army of eighty-two thousand
six hundred strong, aud the President is to have
the authority to recruit it to its maximum
# Strength whenever in his discretion ho may
decide that the exigencies of the service require
it. To this large increase of the regular Army
as a peace establishment I desire to record my
opposition. I have great respect for the opinion
of the able and patriotic chairman of the Mili-
tary Committee, who has told us that he had been
in favor of a still greater increase. I have also,
in common with the whole country, profound
respect for the military judgment of the Lieu-
tenant General, who, we are told, has expressed
himself in favor of the enlargement of the
standing Army to the extent contemplated by
this bill. Still I cannot bring myself to see its
necessity.
No one, I suppose, will contend that alarger
standing army should be maintained in time of
peace than the exigencies of the country re-
quire. Now, what exigencies do exist which
require such an army as is provided by this bill
as a permanent peace establishment? The
rebellion is over. At least there is not a man
now in arms against the Government in any
part of the country. The President has pro-
claimed peace. The late rebellions States are
submissively and patiently waiting at t,he_ doors
of Congress for peaceful recognition^ in the
reestablished Union, the authority of which
none of them any longer disputes. The Indian
frontier is quiet, and likely to need less force
to keep it so than was heretofore required.
There is no immediate danger of a foreign
war, and if such an occasion were to arise halt
a million of volunteers couW be raised in thirty
days, either for defense or invasion. During
the present generation, at least, our volunteer
forces would not be found wanting either in
disciplined men or experienced officers. Why,
then, shall we now provide for a standing army
of over eighty thousand men ?
Upon the general principle, then, that a
larger standing army than "the exigency de-
mands is not in accordance with the nature or
safety of our institutions, and also upon the
ground of public ecQnomy, I move the amend-
ment which I have offered. If it should pre-
vail it will save over eight millions a year to
tlie country, and still leave an army which,
when raised to its maximum standard, will
number over sixty thousand men. I think the
reduction can best bo made by striking off that
portion of the proposed army which must prove
the least efficient, namely, the Veteran Reserve
corps and the colored regiments.
As respects the Veteran Reserve corps, I
agree with the remarks made on last Friday
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis.]
I think the country owes to the disabled Union
officers and soldiers of the late war a reason-
able support, but not in the Army. I shall
always he found ready to vote to the maimed
heroes of the war liberal provision in the shape
of pensions, but I am not in favor of providing
for ten regiments of disabled soldiers as a part
of the Army of the United States.
As for the colored regiments, 1 believe they
can perform no military duties which could not
better be performed by white men. They are
not wanted as soldiers at the North, and at the
South they would prove a continual source of
irritation, complaint, and disquiet. On the
Indian frontiers they would be less efficient
than white soldiers, for their fear ol Indians is
proverbial. I maintain that to the white men
of the United States rightfully belongs the gov-
ernment of the country in peace and its defense <
in war. Aud if the time should ever come
when they are no longer equal to the perform-
ance of these duties the hour of our national
dissolution will have arrived.
I entertain no expectation that this amend-
ment will prevail because from our p#ast expe-
rience we know that when the majority of this
House have once got hold of the negro upon
any question they never surrender him from
their embraces, but I have moved this amend-
ment and I shall endeavor to get a record vote
upon it. I demand the yeas and nays upon
my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 1G, nays 79, not voting
88 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Boyer, Brandegee, Chanler, Eld-
ridge, I1'inck, Glossbreiiner, Goodyear, Gi >dcr, Aaron
Hal-dins, lidwm N. Mubbel'l, Niblnek. Nicholson,
Hitter, Rogers, Shank]in, and Sitgreaves—IS.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, ISalier, Baldwin, Baxter,
Benjamin, Bidwoll, Blaine, Boutwell, Buekland,
Bundy, Ooffvoth, Conkling. Davis. Dcfrecs, Deimns,
Donnelly, Eckley, Eiiot, Gnnnell, Hale, Abaci' I.
Harding, Henderson, llill, Holmes, llulburd, James
M. Humphrey, Inprersoll. Jenekcs, Julian, hfcliey,
Kelso, Kotcham, Kuykendall, Latham, George V.
Lawrence, Loan, Lonsy ear,Lynch,Marston, Marvin,
MoCIuig, McKee, McRuer. M©rcur.MiUer,Moorhead,
Morris, Moulton.Myers.O'Neill.Orth, Paine, Perhain,
Phelps, Price, William H. Randall, John H. Ivice,
Ward, Eiihu B. Washbuinc, Jlenry U. Washburn,
William Ii. Washburn, Welkcr, Wentworth, Wil-
liams. V ."Wilson, and Woodbridse— ill
NUT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona,
Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Jauies M. Ashley, Banks,
Barker, Beaman, Bergen, Bingham, Blow, Broinwcll,
Broomall, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Dawson, Del-
ano, Deiubon, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Duraont, Lg-
gleston, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Feriy, Garacld. Uris-
wold, Hams, Hart, Hayes, Higby, Hogan, Hooper,
ILotchkiss. Asakel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard, James 11. Hub-
bell, James Humphrey, Johnson. Jones, kasson.
Ken-, baflin, William Lawrence, Le BlondvMarshail,
McCuUontch, Mclndoe. Monill, Newell, N oell, I at-
terson, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Riee, Rousseau,
Sawyer, Scofield, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell,btrouse,
Taber, Taylor, Trimble, Van Aernam, Burt Van Iten,
Warner, Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson, \V indom, VV in-
field, and Wright—88.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
EVENING SESSION DISPENSED WITII.
Mr. WARD. I move that the evening ses-
sion for to-day be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
REORGANIZATION OF TIIE ARMY AGAIN.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend this fourth
section by striking out the words "of ten regi-
ments to be raised aud officered as hereinafter
provided for, to be called the Veteran Reserve
corps."
I make this motion from no desire whatever
to do wrong or injustice to any man who has
served gallanily in the armies of the Republic.
But r do it because as a legislator, responsible
in some degree for the enactments that maybe
passed here, I believe it my duty to make this
motion to amends
Now, among the reasons which I beg leave
to assign for this amendment is, in the first
place, the vastly increased expense to be en-
tailed upon the Government by the organiza-
tion of ten additional regiments which under
no circumstances can perform more than one
half the duty of the same number of efficient
and able-bodied men. I had occasion to state
on Friday last the expense to which these lea
additional regiments will subject the Govern-
ment in the way of their organization, equip-
ment, and maintenance. I stated that if only
the minimum of these regiments was organ-
ized the expense for the pay proper alone of
the officers and men would be nearly nine hun-
dred thousand dollars a year.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, and the gentleman
missed the correct figures in liis estimation by
just half a million dollars.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not get it high enough.
Mr. SCHENCK. A half million too high.
Mr. DAVIS. I am satisfied I got it too low, .
I desire to increase the sum named, and to say
that the pay proper of these regiments will
cost the Government $1,300,009 per annum
if the organization shall reach only the min-
imum provided for. That is for their pay
alone.
Now, when you come to add to that their
equipment, maintenance, &c., you will see that
we are rolling up an immense indebtedness.
And for what? For the purpose of furnishing
employment to men who have been disabled
in the service; and that kind of employment
which, for the interest of the Government,
should be performed only by able and efficient
men.
Now, I submit that any man, who under any
circumstance will enlist in this Veteran Resei i -i
corps, can, with a moderate and reasonable
pension from the Government, obtain a com-
petent support by adding thereto some employ-
ment which he will be able to perform in some
walk of private life. Thcreioro.it will be doing
no wrong to these men if wc pay them the pen-
sions to which they are entitled, if we give tnem
the encouragement which we ought by our lib-
erality, and then say to them, "Although we
deal liberally with you in consequence of your
past services, we do not feel bound to^ pay yon
full pay as officers in this organization."' I
believe there is no principle of justice or pro-
priety which demands it.
I believe that the interests of this country
requiie that we should strike out this clause
entirelv. It is well known that if you take ten
regiments of disalded troops and put them into
any service where efficiency and activity are
required, they cannot do more than one-half
the service which efficient and able-bodied men
can perform.
Now, sir, I think that the striking out of the
provision for these ten regiments w ill be proper.
I do not believe that to reduce by ten recipients
the Army proposed by this fiill will be any injury
: to this Government. Throughout our previous
history, we ha\ a at all'times been able to pre-
serve the peace of the country with an army
far fewer iu numbers than that now proposed :
and although I admit that there is a necessity
for ft larger force nl present, in oonsccj.ueiice
of the increased extent of our country and
the peculiar condition of affairs now existing
in some portions of it, yet I am not ready to
say that such an army as we would have if
these ten regiments should be stricken out. an
army capable of being raised to seventy-two
thousand seven hundred men, would not be
sufficient to meet all the demands of the Gov-
ernment. I trust, therefore, that my amend-
ment wiilHx: adopted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I remember, Mr.
Speaker, when the Veteran Reserve corps was
organized; and I remember, too. that at that
time it was understood that that organization
was to be a permanent one. V.'lien the men
who now compose that organization, or so
much of it as is left, had so far recovered from
wounds and disabilities incurred m active ser-
i vice that they believed themselves fit tor the
' military duty assigned to this corps, they ap-
