1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
ostracized, when shall we see that "new set of
men brought forward who are to vitalize and
develop the Union feelingin the South?" And
when and in what manner shall we put down
the rebels "in law, in public judgment, and in
the morals of the world?"
But it is alleged that the loyal men of Ten-
nessee solicit recognition us a State and repre-
sentation in Congress. If that be true, their
views are entitled to consideration, but not
necessarily to adoption. It is the duty of Con-
gress to protect tlie loyal men of Tennessee,
but it has a higher and more comprehensive
duty to discharge. It must regard the welfare
' of the nation. " We must not forget that what
may be mercy to the individual is cruelty to the
State."
But I do not think it is fairly to be inferred
from the letters and memorial to which I have
referred, or from any other evidence that has
been produced, that Governor Brownlow and
liis associates arc anxious for the admission of
their Representatives into this House, having
dtie regard to all the surrounding circumstauces.
While they all say that they desire to be repre-
sented in Congress, they also all declare, in sub-
stance, with equal emphasis, that, in ease the
admission of their delegation " will compel the
withdrawal of the supervising control of the
national Government over their internal affairs,
thereby insuring the ascendency of the rebel
majority,'' they ''prefer, and they are sure the
loyal people of the State prefer, to live in a
territorial condition, and even under a military
government." Now, I hey must understand, as
everybody knows, that the national Govern-
ment cannot properly exercise a supervising
control over (ho inlernal affairs of a State. Jt
is not to be supposed that the Government at
Washington is to run the State government of
Tennessee when restored to the Union; to
stand a  the polls to receive or reject votes ; to
amend or repeal or control the franchise laws
of the State Legislature; to preside on the
beuehes in the courts, and administer justice
when loyal men. black or white, are prosecuted
for acts committed during the rebellion ; nor to
prevent the election of General Forrest as the
next Governor of Tennessee. I need hardly
add that when we let these rebel districts es-
cape from our hands, and allow them to assume
(lie dignity and power of States, our supervis-
ing control over their internal affairs will have
passed away, never to return until the torch
of rebellion shall again throw its lurid light
over the country. The safety of the people of
the l.'nited Slates, including the Union men of
Tennessee, lies in making sure and substantial
work ; in imposing conditions, and requiring
guarantees, and establishing order and justice
while wchavo the legal power.
l!ut. as further evidence of the true sentiments
of the loyal men of Tennessee, I beg leave to
read tho following editorial, which 1 clip from
the Knoxville Whig, a paper already referred
to, of the date of February It;
" Tni; rnrcsinicxt and the R imou.s,—Under this
sort ofheading the rebel shectsof the South keep up
a constant clamor, predict mat and hoping tor nil issue
between the President and Congress, and predicting
tho certain triumph oi tho people, 011 the ground that
tliu pcoplo lire with Inm. Thoy are extolling the
President ioi ins courago and firmness, and doing nil
they can to bring on a. conflict. Meetings aro being
held alt over the country, saving, ' Lot tho struggle
come, tor, however tierce, tilts President will triumph,
as the people are with lum.' AH this is to be regret-
ted tor ihe soke of tho country first, and next tor the
sake of the President, and his future usefulness, i'(
the people are with the President in his policy, it is
the southei 11 people who (ought four years to destioy
the (ioverument, and who clamored for the eapturo
of the President, that they might have the pleasure
of hanging him. And wo are deceived in tho Presi-
dent if he allows this party of traitois to crcatc a
quarrel between him and the great Union party that
nominated him in the JJal ti more eon volition, and sub-
sequently elected him to hi* present high postion.
"The party denounced in Congress as radicals, ab-
ohtionists, and as a 'faction,' composes 1tt>o third1
of both Houses, and they are the representatives
oi largo majorities in all the loyat States, who will
stand by them, oven in a conflict with the Presi-
dent and the new-born friends, galvanized loyalists,
and amnestied patriots who now eiowd out fiom the
White Hous-e all the tried loyalists of the country,
Ihose who labor to bring on a conflict between tne
President and Congress aro not the friends of cither,
a ie future will show. For if the' poople' ever did
plant themselves firmly on any platform, it is on tho
platform now occupied by the so-called radicals, or
'faction,' constituting the majority in tho present
Congress. We go with that'faction'of radicals; we
approve their principles and policy ; and live or die,
sink or swim, survive or perish, we risk our life, our
fortune, and our sacred honor on board of that ship.
It is a bark sailing under tlie banner of beauty and
glory, the stars and stripes of our country—a banner
that the conflicts of the last eighty years have never
seen conquered. Always victorious, because always
in the right.it is not, to be disgraced bytheeombined
assaults of home traitors or malignant foreign foes."
The admission of the Tennessee delegation
has also been urged on the ground of the per-
sonal character of the gentlemen claiming scats
in this Hoasc ; and it has even been said that
so much is due to them as a recognition of
their faithful and valuable services. I know
some of these gentlemen, and they challenge
my admiration, as well as my regard and es-
teem. But I submit that such considerations
do not rise to the dignity of statesmanship. The
question is not whether Hon. Horace May-
nard and his associates shall be admitted to
seats in this Hall, nor whether they have de-
served well of their country. The principle of
admission respects the right of representation,
and not the person selected for that purpose.
What is a Representative in Congress? The
title is not an arbitrary one. It was adopted
with reference to its fitness to the object to
which it is applied. It is descriptive of the
nature of the office. It implies a constituency
with views in consonance with those of the
delegate. Now, if these gentlemen aro dis-
loyal, they ought not to be here. If they are
loyal, as we know some of tliern, and, as 1 sup-
pose, all of them, are, then they can hardly
have any just chum as Representatives in this
Congress. They have a very small, if any,
loyal constituency. A hundred thousand of
their one hundred and forty thousand voters are
rebels. The documents to which 1 have referred
show the circumstances and meaus under and
by which they were elected. Neither the mil-
itary arm of tho Federal Government, re-
peated proclamations of the Governor, nor tel-
egraphic orders from the President, were ade-
quate to produce the object in view. The result
was not obtained without declaring the election
void in twenty-nine counties in the State. This
result certainly is not satisfactory as a mani-
festation of the free will of the people. Yet
all these irregularities and unusual, not to say
violent, proceedings might bo overlooked if
we had nothing to consider but the character
and Illness of the gentlemen themselves.
Indeed, wo might well conclude that strong
and rare measures aro justifiable when the ob-
ject, is to defeat traitors and preserve liberty.
But the legitimate effect of their admission is to
give representation or misrepresentation, as the
case may be, to one hundred thousand rebels;
and a later and inevitable result will be to put
into the next Congress at least six disloyal men,
representing one hundred thousand disloyal
constituents; and, by the recognition of the
State, to lose all control and supervision over
its domestic affairs. But this is not the only,
nor the greater evil that is likely to flow from
tho project proposed. Tho admission of Ten-
nessee would be followed, in rapid succession,
by tho complete restoration to power of all the
! other seceded Stales ; and without much delay
we should have 011 this floor fifty-eight Repre-
sentatives, representing rebel constituencies.
Those who remember the struggles between the
friends and the enemies of the Union thatliave
been seen in this Chamber during the last five
years need not be told what, effect such an addi-
tion to secession power would have upon the
legislation of the country. I know that some
gentlemen have conccivcd the illogical idea that
Tennessee may be admitted to the exclusion of
her coadjutors in crime. But let us not deceive
ourselves. On every principle of reason and
justice South Carolina should come in with or
closely in the wake of Tennessee. Each has
made Avar upon the Government, each has a
disloyal population, and cach followed the for-
tunes of tho confederacy until reduced by force.
And if, as it is conceded on all hands, the loyal
people of Tennessee are not able to — -
their own concerns and protect themselves, by
reason of the treasonable character of her pop-
ulation, in what respect are her claims to the
right of self-government superior to those of any
other rebel State?
Governor Brownlow suggests that, the Ten,
nessee Representatives should be admitted as
a means of preventing a rupture between Con-
gress and the President, and remarks that " the
President ought to be satisfied with the admis-
sion of the Tennessee delegates to their seats."
Mr. Speaker, it is the duty of the President
of the United States to see that the laws are
faithfully executed; but "all legislative pow-
ers '' granted by the Constitution are vested in
Congress. Congress is authorized to admit
new States into this Union, and each House is
to judge "of tho election, returns, and qualifi-
cations of its own members." It is difficult,
therefore, to perceive why the admission or
rejection of the Tennessee delegation, should
make or prevent "a rupture between the Pres-
ident and Congress." We are to perform our
dutiesjjere under the sanction of an oath, which
each of us has taken; and under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, over guarding the
rights and interests as well of our respective
constituencies, as of the people of the whole
country. Could I believe it safe so to do, I
would embrace the first opportunity to vote for
the admission of the claimants to seats from
Tennessee. Though I am satisfied that their
claim is based on no strict right. I would do
everything for harmony and conciliation con-
sistent with national security. But believing,
as I do, that the recognition of Tennessee as an
organized State at tho present time, and the
reception into this House of her liepresenta-
tives, followed as it will be by the immediate
recognition of all the seceded States, and a
representation on this floor of seven million
rebels, would have the inevitable effect of pla-
cing this Government in the power of its deadly
enemies, I wdll not consent to the adoption of
a measure so fraught with danger to liberty, not
only in this country, but throughout the world.
This question rises above all personal and party
considerations, above all considerations of mere
temporary policy. It touchcs the preservation
of our national existence; and it requires a
prompt and fearless decision. I am no alarmist;
but we aro threatened with immediate danger;
with irretrievable ruin.
If the eleven seceded States are immedi-
ately invested with their proportionate power
in the administration of tho Government, that
glorious fabric of nationality created by the
hands of our fathers, and so gallantly defended
by the best blood of this generation, will be
speedily demolished and utterly destroyed.
And this, too, is to transpire after the most
gigantic struggle of ancient or modern times;
after the loss of half a million men; after an
expense of four billions of money ; after the
enemy has been put down by the sword; and
when we have it in our power, without further
war, without bloodshed, to obtain security, to
establish peace and justice, and in one gener-
ation to advance our country and people in
the race of civilization to a stage which, under
other circumstances, would not be reached by
the labors of statesmen and philanthropists in
a thousand years! Can it be that we shall prove
so reckless, so improvident, so blind to our
duties and interests, as to neglect an oppor-
tunity so propitious? Will we take no lessons
from the past ? Vv ill we receive no inspiration
for the future ?
Sir. I desire to indulge in 110 idle declama-
tion, in no language of defiance ; but the pres-
ent is a time for the utterance of truth and tho
use of plain, sober speech. It is no time for
sophistry. It is idle to talk of the constitu-
tional rights of the rebel States. It is prepos-
terous to pretend, in this way, to give the loyal
people the exercise of the right of self-govern-
ment. By this mode you but turn them over
to the domination of their most inveterate ene-
mies. It is not the loyal people, but the rebels
who are clamorous for self-government. The
Union men see their inability for their own
