2938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
and capacity of those employed in the differ-
ent grades.
If we have these difficulties they are owing
to ourselves in a very great degree, more than
to the heads of Departments or to gjiybody con-
nected with the Departments. I ao not know
of anybody in Congress who is free from the
objection I have Stated, to a certain extent. I
know members are not always willing to do it,
but they are compelled to do it, or think they
are.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not done it.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. There may be gentle-
men whose backs are stiff enough to enable
them to refuse to interfere in this matter, but
the number is not great. Of course I shall
not insist against the disclaimer by any gen-
tleman of what may be his own particular prac-
tice ; but I think the practice is very general,
and perhaps it is unavoidable. It has grown
up in the course of time, as a matter, perhaps,
of necessity, from the disposition of the De-
partments to divide their appointments among
the States so far as they could possibly do so,
and to accommodate members by having all the
districts represented in the Departments. It
seems to be no more than fair and right that it
should be so ; but the difficulty is that it is car-
ried too far. One day I removed a man in the
Treasury Department because he was utterly
unfit; he could not write without blotting his
paper all over, and he could not make up ac-
counts at all. Ho was a very clever old gen-
tleman, but utterly useless for any purpose in
the Department. In the course of three or four
days after his removal I had a petition signed
by twenty members of Congress to put him
back again.
Mr. SUMNER. What did you do about it?
Mr. FE3SENDEN. I refused. I would not
putjiim back again although I could not help
feeling for him. He was a clever old gentle-
man who did not seem to be fit to do anything;
he could not get a living anyhow unless ho
got ii there ; but I could notsee why he should
have it out of the Government when he could
not render any service. This is but an illus-
tration.
I take as much blame to myself as anybody
can for this interference by members of Con-
gress. I do not impute anything to anybody
else that I am not willing to "take my share of.
If we kept our hands off these matters, and
paid competent salaries to competent men,
leaving the Departments free to act as they
thought proper, we should get along much bet-
ter than we do; I believe we should save money
and have the affairs of the Government better
conducted. In fact it would not require so
many hands as it does now.
We need not talk so much about this high
salary business. These salaries are, as the
times go, very low. Men are hardly able to
scratch along with the salaries they get, under
the expenses they are subjected to in this city:
and although some of them are paid very lovv^
yet. of course, in all times and in all places
and in all business, men are paid according to
the nature of the services required of them and
what they can earn elsewhere. That must be
the rule, and although many of the messengers
in the Departments receive but $720 a year,
and it is hard to get along on that, yet you can
get plenty of others who will perform the ser-
•vices just as well for that sum, and who would
be glad to do it: but with regard to the higher
classes of clerks, you cannot get them on the
salaries now paid, or if you do, when they
stav long enough to show their capacity you
will lose them. Something has to be done in
reference to this matter or we shall not be able
to get along.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of Ilmrsday, which is House joint resolution
No. 127.
Mr. DOOLTTTLE. I hope the honorable
Senator from Michigan will let us come to a 1
vote on the bill before the Senate. I
Mr. HOWARD. I judge from the character
of the bill that it will lead to considerable de-
hate, and I therefore must insist upon calling
up the unfinished business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of Thursday is regularly before
the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE IIOUSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives had signed the following enrolled bills
and joint resolution; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore of the
Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 210) for the relief of
Cordelia Murray;
A bill (H. R. No. 315) for the relief of
Christina Elder;
A bill (H. R. No. 383) supplementary to
the several acts relating to pensions;
A bill (H. R. No. 462) granting a pension
to Mrs. Sally Andrews;
A bill (H. R. No. 493) granting a pension
to Mrs. Joanna Winans ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 142) author-
izing the Postmaster General to pay additional
salary lo letter carriers in San Francisco.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 127) proposing an amendment
lo the Constitution of the United States, the
pending question being on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Howard, to insert the following
after section three of the proposed article of
constitutional amendment:
Sec. 4. The obligations of the United States, in-
curred in suppres&ing insurection, or ill defense of
the Onion, or for pavment of bounties or pensions
incident thereto, shall remain inviolate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, nothing
but a sense of imperative duty induces me to
address the Senate upon this occasion. The
Constitution is to be changed; the foundations
of the Government are to be disturbed; some
of the old oak timbers are to be removed, and
timber of recent growth is to be substituted.
Upon the foundations fixed by the fathers our
institutions have rested firmly and securely for
three quarters of a century. They have stood
unmoved by the contests of ambitious leaders,
the angry strife of parties, and the rolling waves
of war. In peace and in war : in the" turbu-
lence of times of financial embarrassment, and
the corruptions attendant upon the accumula-
tion of great wealth ; in every possible state and
condition of our society, the Constitution has
borne the test; and the fact now stands con-
ceded that it established a system of govern-
ment entirely adapted to our wants and condi-
tion as a people. This is proven beyond cavil
and question by the prosperity and individual
happiness that attended our growth, and the
greatness and power to which we attained.
The prosperity of the citizen, his security and
happiness, and the might and grandeur of the
nation attest the excellence of our form of
government. The blessings of the past are
our guarantee for the future if we but maintain
our institutions as they are.
And now, sir, in this the most unsafe period
of our history; when the passions excited by
the war are vet fierce ; when- sectional contro-
versies run high, and party strife is raging;
when eleven States are absent from this Cham-
ber, and other sections, seizing the opportunity,
seek to aggrandize their power, and to fasten
upon the country a partial and unequal policy;
when the lust for power and gain carries men
be3"ond the restraints of justice and right; at
such a time I cannot remain wholly silent when
I see the hand of the partisan and the self-con-
stituted reformer laid upon the sacred work of
the fathers. In such a case to speak is a man's
duty, though none may heed. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, it is hard work to speak when c#e knows
in advance that no argument, however just and
forcible, and no appeal, however patriotic, can i
influence a single vote : that the authoritv and i
' law of a political party is over every Senator
i of the majority; and that it remains now only
I to register the decree of the secret caucus.
! At the meeting of Congress, but before the
| President had delivered his message, and before
| his views had been officially communicated, the
I Republican members, in caucus, determined to
! raise a committee of fifteen to_ "'inquire into
| the condition of the States which formed the
] so-called confederate States of America, and
I report whether they or any of them are entitled
I to be represented in either House of Congress."
In most indecent haste the resolution passed
both branches, and the committee became
fastened upon Congress and the country. Be-
cause of its party origin, the work it had to do,
and the secret character of its proceedings, that
committee came to be known in the country
as the "revolutionary tribunal," the "direct-
ory," and the " star chamber.'' Its first re-
port was made some months since, in which
it was proposed to reduce the representation
of the southern States, but by the aid of the
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumxer,] who submits to party restraints upon
his judgment with impatience, that measure
was defeated. Its second report is now upon
our desks. It passed the House, but when it
came under discussion in the Senate, and had
to bear the test of the independent judgment
of Senators, it was found wanting, and its defeat
became almost certain. A second defeat of a
party programme could not be borne ; its effect
upon the fall elections would be disastrous,
A caucus was called, and we witnessed the
astounding spectacle of the withdrawal, for the
time, of a great legislative measure, touching
the Constitution itself, from the Senate, that it
might be decided in the secret councils of a
party. For three days the Senate Chamber
was silent, but the discussions were transferred
to another room of the Capitol, with closed
doors and darkened windows, where party
leaders might safely contend for a political
and party policy.
When Senators returned to their seats I was
curious to observe who had won and who lost
in the party lottery. The dark brow of the
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark]
was lighted with a gleam of pleasure. His pro-
posed substitute for the third section was the
marked feature of the measure. But upon the
lofty brow of the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewaet] there rested a cloud of disappoint-
ment and grief. His bantling, which lie had
named universal amnesty and universal suf-
frage, which he had so often dressed and un-
dressed in the presence of the Senate, the dar-
ling offspring of his brain, was dead ; it had
died in the caucus; and it was left to the sad
Senator only to hope that it might not be his
last. Upon the serene countenance of the Sen-
ator from Maine, the chairman of the fifteen,
there rested the composure of the highest sat-
isfaction ; a plausible political platform had
been devised, and there was vet hope for his
party.
Mr. President. I recognize the propriety and
necessity of conventions and caucuses to reg-
ulate all questions of organization and political
policy; but I have never felt myself authorized
to subordinate my judgment as a representa-
tive of the people to the decision of any body
of men other than those I represent. To me it
seems clear that each Senator owes it to the
country to vote upon every important meas-
ure and every proposed modification thereof
according to the dictates of his own judgment
and conscience. The Constitution requiies
that two thirdsof the Senators, each answering
for himself, shall agree to a proposed amend-
ment before it can be submitted to the States.
In this weighty business now before us what
are the facts? The House sent us four prop-
ositions to change the Constitution in one bill.
Upon discussion it was found that probably no
i one of the propositions, nor any proposed mod-
; ification thereof, could receive the required
j vote. Two thirds of the Senators, belonging
; to one political party, retired from the Senate
i to consider and agree upon a bill. Each Sen-
