1866.
THE (JOJS: (xRESSiON AL GLOBE.
shall build it, but it says a bridge may be built
so as to connect those roads, and of course no
third parties will come; in there to build the
bridge.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I send to the Chair a further
amendment to the House amendments.
The Secretary read the proposed amend-
ment, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That any bridge com-
pany, being organized under the laws of the States
of Missouri and Illinois, be, and the same is hereby,
empowered to construct, maintain, and operate a
submerged iron tubular bridge across the Mississippi
river, between the city of St. Louis, in the State of
Missouri, and the city of East St. Louis, in the State
of Illinois, subject to all the conditions contained in
said act of incorporation, and not inconsistent with
the provisions of this act. And in case of any litiga-
tion arising from any obstruction or alleged obstruc-
tion to the free navigation of said waters, the cause
may be tried before the district court of the United
States of any State in which any portion of said
obstruction or bridge touches.
And be it further enacted. That any bridge built
nnder the provisions of the preceding section shall
bo tubular in construction, and sunk below the bed
of said river, so that the top of said structure shall
bo below the lowest water line of the_ Mississippi
river, and so that the same shall in nowise interfere
■with or obstruct navigation when completed, or pre-
vent a safe and expeditious transit for all classes of
vessels upon said river during construction.
And be it further enacted, That any bridge erected
under the provisions of this act shall be a lawful
structure, and shall be recognized and known as a
post route, upon which also no higher charge shall
be made for the transmission over the same of the
mails, the troops, and the munitions of war of the
United States, than the rate per mile which the rail-
road companies terminating at either end receivo
for such service.
Mr. BROWN. Gentlemen around me seem
to desire more time to investigate that subject
than will probably be permissible at the pres-
ent time; and as there is a bill covering the
same subject-matter before the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, I will, at their
instance, withdraw the amendment in question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn. The question is on con-
curring in the amendments of the House of
Representatives, as amended.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that we proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 408.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to reconsider
the vote just taken. I intended to offer an
amendment to the House amendments before
they were disposed of, rather an important
amendment, I think. The Chair decided that
the House amendments were concurred in
before T could rise. I desire that that vote
shall be reconsidered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the reconsideration.
Sir. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not
reconsider until we see what the amendment
is. The Senator can enter his motion to re-
consider, and then let us hear what his propo-
sition is.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose I could call
for a division any way, but the Senator from
Kansas sprang to his feet the very moment the
Chair decided, giving me no opportunity to
call for a division before he rose to his feet
and addressed the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly the Senator
from Missouri had a right to call for a division
at any time when the matter was pending;
but I presume he was not observing that the
bill passed. The concurring in the House
amendments was the end of it. Some little
time intervened before another subject was
called up. If the Senator will submit his
amendment and let us see what it is, perhaps
there will be no objection to the reconsideration.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that I rose as soon as I could,
but the Senator from Kansas was already on
his feet.
Mr. BROWN. I think a reconsideration is
a courtesy which ought to be extended to my
colleague under the circumstances.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the vote will
be reconsidered, and then I can offer my
amendment.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the House amend-
ments as amended.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer this
amendment to come in at the end of the seventh
section of the House amendments, as a proviso:
Provided, That if the board of engineers author-
ized under the laws of the United States, approved
at the present session of Congress, to examine the
Mississippi river and make report on the subject of
bridge construction thereon, shall find, and so re-
port, that elevated bridges of continuous spans can
be constructed and operated without greater expense
to thecompany building them than draw-bridges, and
with less'obstruction to navigation, then no draw-
bridge shall be commenced or constructed under
this act.
Mr. GRIMES. I raise a question of order
as to the admissibility of that amendment at
this stage of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICE®. The Chair
has no question on the point of order. The
amendment is admissible.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is a proviso to a
House amendment. It is not to touch the
original bill. This bill for bridging the Missis-
sippi l'iver was introduced here about the mid-
dle of the session, and was called up one morn-
ing and forced through this body without giving
me much of an opportunity, as I thought, of
discussing the .question. The same question
afterward came up upon a bill of the Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Norton,] and I then
took occasion to discuss it much" more fully.
It has ever been my impression that if the
Senate had considered it as they ought to have
considered it, no bridge bill would have been
passed at this session of Congress.
At a subsequent period the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads reported an amend-
ment to the river and harbor appropriation bill,
requiring the Secretary of War to appoint a
commission of engineers to go out and examine
the Mississippi river, and to report to Con-
gress at the next session the character of the
structures that ought to be built upon that
river. If there was any meaning in that, it
was this, and nothing else, that no bridge
ought to be constructed upon that river that
shall be planned by Congress without some
scientific investigation of the subject.
Now, what do we know about bridges? I
suppose I know as much about bridges as most
of the Senators around me, and yet what do I
know about them? We assume, we have
assumed by the passage of this bill, to permit
individuals after nearly a hundred years of
this Government had elapsed without such a
proposition having been made before, to go and
construct upon the Mississippi river not less
than seven'bridges, low structures, not over
twelve feet above the surface of the water. It
has never been done before, and we have had,
1 say. nearly a century of the Government; but
never until this session of Congress was a prop-
osition made here to bridge the Mississippi
river with a bridge of this character. I know
that a bridge is constructed across the Missis-
sippi river at Rock Island, but not by authority
of Congress; and what has been the conse-
quence ? Ever since its construction it has
been a source of annoyance; a source of de-
struction to property, a source of contention;
and it is a bridge which in my honest judgment
will in the course of a few years be declared a
nuisance and taken down.
We now assume by this bill to put seven
structures, not over twelve feet high above the
water, across the Mississippi river. I desire
to say. once for all, because I do not wish to
take up the time of this body, that I have,
offered an amendment which if the Senate dp
not intend to obstruct unnecessarily the navi-
gation of that great river they will adopt.
Before I consider the amendment, let me ask
how would the Senators from New York take
a proposition to bridge the Hudson river with
pontoon bridges. How would they receive a
proposition in this body to put these low struct-
ures across the Hudson river? How would
the city of New York receive a proposition
to bridge the East river between that city
and Brooklyn ? Such a bridge could be con-
structed with a draw in it'that would enable
the constructer of the bridge to make millions,
and millions of dollars in the course of a few
years. Let me ask the Senator from Illinois,
who is urging on us the construction of these
bridges across the Mississippi river, how he
would take a proposition to bridge the great
stream passing by Chicago with a low pontoon
bridge.
The Senator from Illinois the other day urged
upon this body the passage of a bill for the
construction of a ship-canal around the falls of
Niagara. Why? In order to have an unob-
structed passage to the Atlantic ocean; and
yet he, living at Chicago, while he wants the
great St. Lawrence river to be entirely open to
the ocean, proposes to put seven structures
upon the Mississippi river in the way of the
navigation of that great stream. How would
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] re-
ceive a proposition to throw a bridge across
from Detroit to Windsor, a low bridge through
which the commerce of the St. Lawrence and
the great lakes should pass? How would a
proposition to bridge the St. Clair river be re-
ceived? How would a proposition to bridge
any of the streams connecting the great lakes
of the West be received? You could not pass
such a proposition through this body; but it
would be just as reasonable and just as sensible
as to pass this proposition.
Mr. President, the great farming interests of
this country are not represented here; I mean
to say they are not represented by lobby in-
fluence outside; of course they are represented
here by Senators. We know that gentlemen,
representatives of railroad influence, represent-
atives of private interests, have been here ur-
ging the passage of these bills during this whole
session of Congress. I have said to them,
"Gentlemen, put up elevated bridges with a
span of three hundred feet, and I am perfectly
willing that you may bridge this great stream-f
I will not object if you will give us three hun-
dred feet spans and elevated bridges, under
which the steamboats can pass with ease, and
do not require these bridges to be built imme-
diately upon the surface of the water.'' I have
been answered that it must be put through for
the accommodation of the railroads, and noth-
ing else, because everybody knows that such
bridges as I have described can be built on the
Mississippi very well. A proposition is now-
made by a scientific gentleman, indorsed by
seven or eight of the best engineers in this
country, to put iron tubular bridges across the
Mississippi, which it is said can be put there
undoubtedly, without obstruction to the navi-
gation of the stream; and yet Congress seems
disposed to press forward this thing and to give
us nothing but these low bridges.
Mr. President, I think that inasmuch as we
have provided for the appointment of a com-
mission of competent and able engineers to go
there and examine this subject, we ought at
least to be willing to receive their report before
we undertake to decide this great question for
ourselves. Why is it that these elevated bridges
cannot do ? Why can they not lie built? They
have been built elsewhere. Why can they not
be constructed here? Simply because it will
cost the railroads a little money in order to
throw up ground upon one side. That is all.
Then let them build bridges where there are
elevated banks on each side of the stream, and
not let us undertake to decide this great ques-
tion for ourselves, we not being scientific men,
but let us take the report of these engineers.
Now, Mr. President, if the Senate will listen
to me while I explain this amendment, I think
they will certainly adopt it. If you^ do not
adopt this amendment it is a declaration that
you intend unnecessarily to obstruct the navi-
gation of the river. I only provide in this
amendment that if the board of engineers au-
thorized under the laws which you yourselves
have passed at this session to examine the
Mississippi river and make report on the sub-
ject- of bridge construction thereon, shall hud,
and so report, that elevated bridges with con-
timious sjjuos can be constructed ttnd operated
