1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2939
atov, by going into the secret caucus, agreed
and became bound to vote for whatever the
majority of the caucus should adopt. A sec-
tion oi an entire bill may be adopted by a bare
majority of the caucus, much less than one
haif the Senate, but the entire two thirds must
vote for it in the Senate, not because it is right,
but because the majority of the caucus has
said so; and thus an amendment of the Con-
stitution may be adopted by the Senate when
a majority of the body would vote against it
if no party obligation rested upon them. What
Senator would dare propose to shut these doors
against the people, that we in secret might take
steps to change their great "charter of liberty ?
The people would not endure it, but in congre-
gating thousands would burst them open and
demand to know all that was said and done
upon a matter of such interest to them. The
present proposed amendment has been decided
upon in a conclave more secret than has ever
been known in this country.
So carefully has the obligation of secrecy
been observed that no outsideoenators, noteven
the sharp-eyed men of the press, have been able
to learn one word that was spoken, or one vote
given. An Egyptian darkness covers the pro-
ceeding. The secret could not be more pro-
found had the conclave assembled down in the
deep and dark caverns of the earth. If you
change the Constitution have the people not
the right to know how and why it is done,
what was proposed and said, and how each
Senator voted!1 Is it not their business? Or
indeed have they masters, party chieftains, who
may say to them " Wegovern,youobey?" Isit
not a fact that shall arrest attention that sincc,
this measure was reported from the caucus
scarce an explanation has been conceded, and
not one amendment offered or voted for by a
single Senator who was in the caucus, so ex-
acting and imperative is the obligation, and
so literally is party authority obeyed. Sir. if
the people can only come to know how this
thing has been done, I believe they will refuse
their indorsement.
I now propose a brief examination of the
measure as it came from the caucus. It pro-
poses an additional article of five sections,
making that number of amendments or addi-
tions to the Constitution.
For the first section the virtue is claimed
that it defines citizenship of the United States
and of the States. T will read that part of the
section:
All persons born in tlio United States, and subject
to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United
States and of the State wherein they reside.
What citizenship is, what are its rights and
duties, its obligations and liabilities, are not
defined or attempted to be defined ; but these
vexed questions are left as unsettled as during
* all the course of oui history, when they have
occupied the attention and taxed the learning
of the departments of Government. But this
is certain, that the section will add many mil-
lions to the class of persons who are citizens.
We have been justly proud of the rank and
title of our citizenship, for we understood it to
belong to the inhabitants of the United States
who were descended from the great races of
people who inhabit the countries of Europe,
and such' emigrants from those countries as
have been admitted under our laws. The rank
and title conferred honor at home and se-
cured kindness, respect, and safety everywhere
abroad ; but if this amendment be adopted we
will then carry the title and enjoy its advan-
tages in common with the negroes, the coolics,
and the Indians. When the Senator from Wis-
consin proposed an amendment excluding the
savage Indians of the forest I believe every
Senator who had been in the caucus voted
against it. No one was authorized to chauge
a word that the caucus had used, but I am not
quite sure that the people of Minnesota will
regard the obligation to a caucus as a sufficient
reason why the Senator from that State [Mr.
Ramkey] should seek to confer the rank, priv-
ileges, and immunities of citizenship upon the
cruel savages who destroyed their peaceful set-
tlements and massacred the people with cir-
cumstances of atrocity too horrible to relate.
How oar citizenship will be esteemed at home
and abroad should this amendment be adopted
we may judge by consulting the sentiments
with which we regard Mexican citizenship. We
feel that it defines a mixed population, made
up of races that ought not to mingle—whites,
negroes, and Indians—of whom twenty thou-
sand could not cope with four thousand sol-
diers of the United States of pure white blood
on the field of Buena Vista. It was the work
of many generations to place the name and
fame of our citizenship so high that it ranked
with the proudest titles on earth; but the mad
fanaticism and partisan fury of a single year
may so degrade it as there shall be
" None so poor to do it roverence."
The second section now demands our at-
tention. The intent and effect of that section
is to take away representation in Congress in
all the States in which the right of voting is
not given to the negroes. The purpose is to
constrain every State to confer the right of vot-
ing upon the negroes ; and in case ot' refusal,
the penalty is loss of representation. The sec-
tion docs not rest upon the proposition that those
whom the States treat as unfit to vote shall
not bo represented, for it is so framed as to
continue to the northern and eastern States
their twenty Representatives that are based
upon a. non-voting population. It is so framed,
also, as to continue to the States of Maryland,
Tennessee, West Virginia, and Missouri their
full representation, although during the war the
military power was so used in those States as
to place the political power in the hands of a
few, who so exercised it as t.o exclude the res-
idue of the people from the ballot-box. You
say that it' the States treat the negroes as unfit
to vote, then they shall not be voted for ; that
no representation shall be allowed for them:
then, I ask, if in some ofthe northern States the
foreignerisdcnied avote for fiveyears, why shall
he be voted for? If in Maryland, West Vir-
ginia, Tennessee, and Missouri the majority are
treated as unfit to vole, why shall the minority
vote for them and be represented for them?
Come, now, letcandor and truth have full sway,
and answer mo, is it not becauso you believe
that the few in these States now allowed to vote
will send radicals to Congress, and therefore
you allow them to send full delegations that it
may add to your political party power? And
1 now submit to your patriotism, to your love
of our countiy, if we have not come upon most
dangerous times, when our Constitution is to
be torn up and remodeled that a political party
may make, its power more secure, that it may
hold on to the offices, and shape and control
sectional policies.
Mr. President, 1 now venture the prediction
that this thing cannot succeed; that in this
land of intelligence and love of liberty and
right permanent power cannot be built upon
inequality, injustice, and wrong. If the prin-
ciple be right that none but voters ought to be
represented, why do you not say so? If you
think the negro ought to have the right of vot-
ing: if you are in favor of it, and intend it
shall be given, why do you not in plain words
confer it upon them? It is much fairer than
to seek it by indirection, and the people will
distinctly understand you when you propose
such a change of the Constitution. I am not
for it directly, nor will I coerce the States to
its allowance. If conferred by the free action
of the States, I am content. Within the limits
of constitutional right and power I will sup-
port. all measures necessary and proper for the
protection and elevation of the colored race ;
measures safe and just to both races ; but I do
not believe that it is for the good of either race
that they should be brought into close social
and political relations. God has marked the
peculiarities of each, lie has put. them asun-
der, and it is not the right, much less the duty,
of man to join them together. Our institu-
tions rest for their support upon the intelli-
gence and virtue of the people, and who may
say that the untaught negroes, so lately manu-
mitted, are qualified to exercise the privileges
and discharge -the duties of an American citi-
zen? Why then coercc the States to their
enfranchisement?
Mr. President, it is my duty to call attention
to the peculiar and involved form of expres-
sion adopted in this scction. Instead of ex-
cluding from the enumeration the class to
whom the elective franchise is denied, which
would be easily understood, it is provided that
'' the basis of representation in such State shall
be rodueed in the proportion which the num-
ber of such male citizens shall bear to the whole
number of male citizens not less than twenty-
one years of age in such State." Why the
abandonment of that which is of plain mean-
ing for that which is involved and difficult?
This measure is to go to the people for their
judgment, and should have been clothed in
plain, honest language. As a party platform,
it may serve a purpose that the meaning is
covered; but as a part of the people's Consti-
tution its obscurity is a vice. One needs to be
a mathematician to be sure that lie compre-
hends the full force of the proposition. But I
will again venture the opinion that it means as
if it read thus: no State shall bo allowed a
representation on a colored population unless
the right of votingis given to the negroes—pre-
senting to the States the alternative of loss of
representation or the enfranchisement of the
negroes, and their political equality. In Indiana
there are many thousands of the colored race,
the number having greatly increased during
the past five years because the constitution
and laws of the State have not been executed.
The policy of the State has been to discourage
their immigration, and that policy has been
dictated by the desire to protect the white
labor. The presence of negroes in large num-
bers tends to degrade and cheapen labor, and
the people have been unwilling that the white
laborer shall bo compelled to compete for
employment with the negro. To confer the
right of voting is to encourage their immigra-
tion into the State and to defeat what experi-
ence has shown to be a wise policy. Now, is
that State to be denied a representation upon
that population because she will not make the
negro a voter, while New York continues to
hold the four members in Congress to which
she is entitled because of a white population
to which she denies the right of voting? We
could not with patience agree to that. The
colored population of New England is so small
that she is not perceptibly affected, whether
she allows or disallows to them the elective
franchise, but in the agricultural regions of
the West and South they arc numbered by
thousands and millions, and in many localities
they are so numerous that to give them the
elective franchise is to throw public affairs into
their hands. That is impossible, and the adop-
tion of this amendment is to strip agriculture
ofits proper voicc and influence in Congress
and in the election of the President and rela-
tively to add to the already swollen power of
New England. Were a blow aimed at the
representation of Illinois, would I not raise
my arm to avert it? And why, sir? Because
it is her right under the compact 6f the fathers,
and also because the interests of Indiana and
! Illinois are identical; they are both agricultu-
ral States, and the members of Congress who
guard and protect the rights and interests of
either State cannot neglect those of the other.
The same is true of all the agricultural States
ofthe West and the South. "Discussing this
question at an earlier day of the session, I had
occasion to say:
"The States and coantry that rest, upon the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers and their tributaries have a
common interest. They cannot cease to be agricul-
tural States. The plow mu>L turn wealth up to the
men of the West." ' * *
" Shall we so permanently arranpe the representa-
tion of the country that agriculture cannot hold up
jtshead? Shall wo so permanently adjust represen-
tation as thirt the spindle and ihe loom shall always
be more productive and honorable than the plow
and the harrow? Sir. I do not consent to it ; and
without any reference to sectional feelings ana sen-
timents, I ask for the West simply equality m the
legislation of Congress.
