1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1981
est economy should be used, and it is the
determination of the committee to reduce this
branch of public expenditure to the lowest
point that is consistent with the public fflterest.
If this resolution and the amendment shall
be adopted, I am instructed by the same com-
mittee to offer another resolution reducing the
number of these documents for 1863 and 1864
in like proportion. Those have not been
printed owing to the great pressure on the
public Printing Office. If the resolution shall
pass as amended, and the other resolution
which I shall offer shall pass, it will effect a
reduction of sixty per cent., or of eighteen
thousand in the whole number of copies.
Mr. President, in this connection I wish to
say 3. few words for the correction of some
mistakes into which the country and the Sen-
ate have fallen with regard to the expenditures
for the public printing. The documents which
are distributed are mainly the reports of the
executive Departments that contain the his-
tory of the Government for the year. They
are the reports which the trustees of the people
render of their stewardship. They contain a
large amount of statistical and historical infor-
mation of very great value, such as all Gov-
ernments have been accustomed to put into a
permanent form. They must be printed. These
great reports as they come to us in manuscript
are of no use; they are not accessible; mem-
bers of the two Houses of Congress must have
therein type or they might as well not be pre-
sented to them. When they are once put in
type it is comnaratively little additional cost
to strike off copies for the State archives and
for public libraries; and the importance of that
is very evident, that these documents may be
accessible for reference, and that they may be
in various places for preservation and security
against fire. Then there is another temptation,
when this is done, which is liable to consider-
able %buse, to print large numbers of copies
for popular distribution: and the impression
seems to prevail throughout the country that
this practice is now carried to a greater extent
than it has been heretofore; and it is to cor-
rect this error that I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the cost of public printing for
the last year.
I saw it stated the other day, in a paper
of very large circulation, and of very high
character, that "Pub. Doc." cost, last year,
$2,000,000. The idea intended to be conveyed,
and doubtless entertained by the editor, was
that we distribute annually $2,000,000 worth
of books among the people; and my iriend from
Indiana [Mr, Hexduioks] the other day stated
that the public printing had in some way risen
from $200,000 to $2,000,000, and ho seemed
to call upon us for some explanation. This,
coming from a Senator generally so accurate
as my friend from Indiana is 011 all matters
unless when he is talking ou politics, is cal-
culated to produce some impression 011 the
Senate.
The cost of the public printing is undoubtedly
a great deal larger than it was, and the reasons
for it are too palpable to require more than
enumeration. In the first place the country has
increased. The same increase that the growth
and progress of the country require in all other
departments is naturally to be expected to be
required in the department of printing, and
rather more perhaps with a progressing and
enterprising people like ours, because printing
may be regarded almost as a type of civilization,
and ihe more progressive a people are the more
printing they will require.
Then the war has enormously increased the
amount of public printing. The printing that
would answer for an army of ten or twenty
thousand men that were lying around m bar-
racks would he manifestly but a very small
percentage of that required for a million men
engaged m active operations all over the coun-
try, and very often in a large degree officered
by inexperienced men who would naturally
waste more blanks than an instructed officer
would require for his use.
A still greater cause of the increase in the
cost of printing is the increase of the cost of
paper, of labor, and of all the materials enter-
ing into printing. Paper has been two and a
half prices; I suppose paper is now about
double what it was before the war, and it has
been three times more than it was before the
war. The same is also true with all the mate-
rials for binding, although the Government has
not suffered so much as might have been ap-
prehended from this cause because the con-
tracts have been made at very low rates bythe
Superintendent, and, as all his contracts have
been, made with men reliable and men of high
reputation, and they have fulfilled their con-
tracts in the most honorable manner at consid-
erable loss to themselves.
The Senator from Indiana spoke of a time
when the printing was $200,000 a year. I do
not know when that was. The average cost
of the printing of the Thirty-Third, Thirty-
Fourth, and Thirty-Fifth Congresses, the three
last Congresses under the contract system, was
$374j000 a year. That was for the Senate and
House of Representatives alone—the printing,
paper, and binding. The whole printing now
for the Senate and House of Representatives
and for all the Executive Departments is not
$2,000,000; in round numbers it is $1,750,000
—a little less than that. Now, sir, let us see
how much of that is the printing of Congress.
The first item is for the War Department,
$484,000. That is something more than a
quarter of the whole.
Mr. CONNESS. Of course that belongs to
this period of the country.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly, it will not be
continued ; but for the present year it will cost
a great deal on account of the mustering out
of so many men. It is not an annual expend-
iture but it goes in to make up the $1,750,000
which is called two millions.
The next great item is the Treasury Depart-
ment; that is $264,000. The printing of the
Treasury Department, of course, must be im-
mensely greater for a revenue of four or five
hundred millions, drawn from every depart-
ment of industry and almost every department
of life, going in and counting a man's silver
spoons and requiring returns of them, than it
was for an income of $80,000,000 drawn from
customs. This item of $201,000, instead of
diminishing will doubtless increase, because
the internal revenue increases, and as the
southern States are becoming objects of taxa-
tion a large amount of printing will be required
for the revenue officers there, for, I believe,
whatever differences of opinion may exist
about admitting the southern States to a share
in the representation, the blackest Republican
does not mean to deny them the blessings of
taxation. The printing for this Department,-
therefore, instead of diminishing will increase.
Another item is the Post Office Department,
which is more than $100,000. The Depart-
ment of Agriculture is $45,000; the Judiciary
is $28,00O ; the Interior Department is the
modest sum of $25,000. All of these sums I
have no reason to doubt are necessary and the
amount, is economically expended. This re-
duces the cost for Congress alone, for the two
Houses, for the printing, paper, and binding,
to $690,000. The cost for the same items for
the Thirty-Third, Thirty-Fourth, and Thirty-
Fifth Congresses was $374,000 a year. Six
hundred and ninety thousand dollars to-day
will not do as much printing as $374,000 would
then, nothing like it, and the reason why we
can do for $690,000 now what required only
$374,000 then is because it is done now much
more economically. There was a large profit
to the contractors in the smaller item, and
there is none in the larger item.
Take the printing alone, leaving out the
paper and the binding, of which the prices
have risen enormously—the amount now paid
for the Senate is $50,000, against $07,000 six
years ago, and the amount for the House of
Representatives is $75,000, agamst Sl25,000
six years ago, the average of the six years pre-
ceding the establishment of the Government
Printing Office. The whole printing now of both
Houses of Congress, leaving out the paper and
the binding, the printing alone is $125,311 46,
against $192,782 40 under the old system,
when everything was a great deal cheaper than
it is now, showing a saving of over twenty-five
per cent.
No such documents are printed now as the
Pacific Railroad Reports, the Japan Expe-
dition, and the Mexican Boundary Survey.
The Mexican Boundary Survey Report, cost
$80,000, and the Pacific railroad publication
cost three quarters of a million. I do not
know what the Japan expedition volumes cost,
but the money that was expended on these
three publications would have placed a good
library in every congressional district in the
United States.
The Treasury blanks, which are printed at
the public Printing Office, I think might be
printed more economically elsewhere, for print-
ing is very high here, but there is a particular
reason for having them all printed here. It is *
very desirable that the blanks should be iden-
tical ; it is very desirable for the detection of
errors and frauds that the returns which are
made to the Treasury Department should be
precisely the same, such as the clerks are
familiar with looking over, all over the country,
and many of them are printed in duplicate,
one set being bound in the Department and
the other set sent out, and when the returns
come in it requires less clerical labor for the
examination, and the examination can he con-
ducted vyitli a great deal more accuracy, and
gives miich better opportunities for authenti-
cating the returns.
I have made these remarks, Mr. President,
because I did not wish to see Congress labor-
ingunder the imputation of great extravagance
where it has really induced important econ-
omy. I need not say after these remarks that.
I consider the establishment of a Government
Printing Office as a very economical ariange-
mentfor the Government. I tremble to think
what would be the bills brought in upon us if all
this printing was done now by contract, if wo
were at the mercy of contractors for the print-
ing of the various blanks and forms that have
been made necessary during the war, the prices
of which could not be stipulated for in advance ;
and I should not do justice to my own feelings
and to a very faithful officer if I did not say
that I think the Superintendent of Public ■
Printing is one of the most economical, care-
ful, and faithful officers that I ever came in
contact with. His whole object is to reduce
the expenditures of his department as much
•as possihle.aud to reduce the amount of print-
ing ordered by Congress, constantly persuading
us to do it, and also to print the executive work
at the lowest price that is compatible with its
accuracy and with the efficiency of the public
service. The printing is done now a great deal
belter than it ever was before and a great deal
cheaper.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to offer the following
resolution, and to ask for its present consid-
eration :
Resolved, That the number of copies herctoforo
ordered of the Reports of tire Intent Office lor the
years 1863 and 1S(Jt be reduced fioui ten thousand of
each to four thousand of eacli.
Mr. CLAIIK. I think that had better lie
over.
*- The PRESIDENT prmempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over.
Mr. ANTI-IONY. I wouM make one sug-
gestion to the Senator from Now Hampshire.
The wholenumberwillhaveto beprinted pretty
soon, if at all. The resolution, the Senator is
aware, is to reduce the number from ten thou-
sand to four thousand, and the work is now upon
the press, and unless the reduction is made now
the Superintendent will be obliged to go on ;
therefore I shall call it up to-morrow.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not know that I am
opposed to it. but I think I would like to talk
with the Senator a little about it.
