1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
they will have to come down. Mark what 1 tell j
you. I predict to-day .that these bridges will
not be permitted to stand if Congress here-
after can vote them down, because they will
prove an obstruction to the Mississippi river.
I am satisfied of it. I am just as thoroughly
satisfied that they will obstruct the navigation
of that river, and do it with great detriment to
commerce, as I am that I am standing here
now. I proposed that if the railroad companies
can build any other sort than these with no
more cost to themselves, then they shall not
construct these bridges. The Senate said "no."
Now I ask that we postpone the matter until
we can hear from the commission. The ele-
vated bridge will answer for railroad purposes
just as well as any other; but I will tell you
what cannot be built. A. bridge across the
Mississippi river cannot be built for private
interests so well. The companies authorized
in this bill are to go on and build bridges for
private travel across the river, to make them
toll bridges and receive toll for wagons, carts,
horses, and mules that cross it ,• and that is the
reason why it is proposed to put them imme-
diately down upon the surface of the water,
regardless ofthe great interests of navigation.
If you consult the railroad interest only, I be-
lieve with the Senator from,Kentucky, who said
that an elevated bridge can be built best for the
railroad and best for the river ; but I know that
you do not consult private interests so much by
causing them to do it because then they have to
build embankments upon one side of the river
perhaps, unless they happen to get a place on
the river where the banks are high 011 each side.
Now, Mr. President, I leave this matter and
appeal to gentlemen once more to let us have
the report of the board before inflicting upon
us these low bridges.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the Senator
from Missouri has told us that the agricultural
interests of the country are not represented
here on this question. I think he is correct in
that. So far as I know, there has been no
representation from that body of our popula-
tion except as their sentiments are reflected
by the members of the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I said in the lobby.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand what the Sen-
ator said : that there has been no representa-
tion of the agricultural interest in the "lobby,"
if he prefers that I should use that word. I
think he is correct. I think there has been
no representation on the part of the body of
that population here except by the members
of the Senate. They have not been so fortu-
nate as the commercial interest. The com-
mercial interest have been represented. If I
nave not been misinformed, the Chamber of
Commerce of the city of St. Louis, represent-
ing that very largo emporium of commerce in
the State which the Senator has the honor in
part to represent on this floor, has been repre-
sented by a very distinguished and numerous
committee, opposing to the utmost of their
power the passage of any bills which would
allow the Mississippi river to be bridged ex-
cept upon some plan which, in the estimation
of every practical engineer who is familiar with
the topography of the country, is totally im-
practicable.
Mr. President, I think I represent the agri-
cultural interests of my State when 1 vote—
not for the benefit of a particular railroad cor-
poration, but for the benefit of the universal
commerce of the Northwest—that there shall
be bridges across the Mississippi river, not
constructed in such a way that they can by any
possibility obstruct the navigation, but so as to
promote the interests of commerce crossing
the river, as well as that passing up and down
that stream. I live 011 the bank of the Missis-
sippi river. There is a.railroad approaching
the river at that point from Chicago, and an-
other one going out from that point one hun-
dred miles into the interior. I live in a wheat
country. That is one of the staple productions
of that region. However valuable and rich, in a
commercial point of view, St. Louis may be, yet
Chicago, which is to-day and I think ever will
be the great wheat market of the continent, is
the point to which we desire to send our wheat.
Let me say to the Senator that it is the estimate
of everybody in the town where I live—and
they have had considerable experience on the
subject—that there is a loss of seven bushels
upon every car-load that is transferred across
the Mississippi river according to the present
plan, which, at the present price of wheat, in
the neighborhood of two dollars a bushel, is
fourteen dollars of a loss on a car-load that is
sustained by the agricultural interest. It is
that interest that demands the construction of
a bridge across the Mississippi liver in order
that such a loss may be obviated. It is the
interest not ouly of the producer of the wheat
that such a loss should not be sustained, but
it is also the interest of the consumer in the
East.
But, Mr. President, I rose principally to
correct the statement of fact made by the Sen-
ator, in which he said that none of the com-
panies authorized by this bill to construct these
bridges were prepared to go on. I undertake
to say that two of them are ready to go on.
Mr. HENDERSON. Why cannot they go
on just as well under my amendment?
Mr. GRIMES. Because bridges fifty feet
high are utterly impracticable. Every man
who is familiar with the low alluvial bottoms
of the Mississippi river, where, in some cases,
as in the case where I live, it is eight miles
from the bank of the Mississippi river to the
bluff, and on the adjacent side, in the town
where I live, the surrounding level is not more
than ten or twelve feet above the water—every
man knows it is utterly impossible to get the
elevation required without utterly destroying
the town at the foot of the bank. The Sena-
ator's Amendment that he pi-oposed a little
while ago provided that they should investi-
gate the question as to what might be the
extra expenditures in the construction of such
a bridge; but there was 110 provision in it
requiring them to determine liow much might
be the loss sustained by the people owning
property adjacent to it by having an embank-
ment thrown up fifty or sixty feet to covcr the
level of the ground where their buildings stand.
Mr. COWAN. Why put the bridge at the
town ?
Mr. GRIMES. That inquiry shows that
the Senator from Pennsylvania knows nothing
about the topography of the country. The
towns are where the roads are required to con-
nect. You have in some instances either got
to put the bridge at the town, or else you have
got to attain with the rise of the road an ele-
vation of two hundred feet to get on the top of
the bluff'. Let me state to the Senator some-
thing of the topography of that country. At the
towns 011 the one side, in all instances in the
State of Iowa save one, there is on one side or
the other ofthe river a low alluvial bottom from
one to eight miles wide. Occasionally a bluff
is pushed out to the stream, sometimes almost
perpendicular. Through this bluff a small
creek has forced its way. Adjoining, and on
the sides of that small stream and spreading out
where it empties into the Mississippi will be a
piece of what is known as bottom land, what
in some other portions of the country would
be denominated interval lands. On this low
bottom land is situated the town, with precip-
itous bluffs above and below on the river,
and quite steep bluffs on the crest. That is
the case with several of the towns. The rail-
roads are built following up the stream from the
river. To get the required elevation of fifty,
feet you have to bury up, in some instances,
the whole village or city where you propose to
cross. In the city of Quincy, where they pro-
pose to build one of these bridges, there is a
bluff that approaches the river, and lam not
prepared to say that they could not, on one
side there, secure a proper elevation.
Mr. COWAN. Where are the towns situ-
ated ?
Mr. GRIMES. Generally on the bank of
the streams that empty into the Mississippi,
and on the low alluvial land on the bank of
the Mississippi. Therefore I say^that in nearly
each one of these instances, certainly in the
one with which I am more familiar than any
other, in the town where I live, the whole town
would be nearly if not quite ruined by an at-
tempt to build a railroad through it with an
embankment fifty feet high. And such an
embankment would be necessary if the bridge
was required to be fifty feet above high-water
mark.
_ Take the case at Keokuk. There is a pro-
vision authorizing the construction of a bridge
at Keokuk. You have got to build it accord-
ing to this provision or else you have got to
elevate it I should suppose two hundred and
fifty feet in order to strike near the top of the
bluff.
Mr. HENDERSON. At both sides?
Mr. GRIMES. They have a bluff two miles
of so on the opposite side, at Hamilton. The
Senator would not suppose that they were
going to build a bridge the whole distance
from Hamilton on the opposite side to Keokuk-
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me ask the Sen-
ator if he is not aware that the Great Pedee
and the Santee rivers and various others in the
southern States have trestle-work and embank-
ments thrown up for ten or fifteen miles across
bottom lands.
Mr. GRIMES. I never was on the Santee
or 1he Pedee.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have crossed them,
and I know such to be the fact. The Senator
knows very well that these streams have on
each side very wide bottoms, and when the
streams rise, the water flows over them to the
depth of some ten or fifteen feet, and trestles
and embankments arc thrown up "over them,
and causeways left for the water to pass through.
This idea of submerging a town is a new idea
to me.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, the illus-
tration drawn from the Santee and the Pederf
strikes me as rather far-fetched. I never trav-
eled in that country, but a friend of mine who
did travel there told me that he passed over
one of those trestle-works, and he said that he
noticed that it was rickety and jarring very
much as they passed. He looked down and
found on each side negroes standing below with
handspikes against the trestles tryingto hold the
roadway up and keep it steady. [Laughter.]
I do hope we shall not have our railroads,
under the direction and influence of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, built upon any such sys-
tem as that.
Mr. President, the proposition is simply one
to postpone and prevent the construction of
these bridges. ®
The Senator appeals to us to refuse to make
these bridges, because the South is not repre-
sented. I apprehend that if the southern States
were represented we should find some of their
representatives a little more liberal on this sub-
ject than some of the members here now—
men who would be willing that commerce
should seek its legitimate channel, no matter
in what direction it might go. If there is any-
body here who is interested in the navigation
of the Mississippi river, then I am. I believe
I ought to be as much interested as any man.
I have lived 011 its banks for thirty years. The
prosperity of the town 1 live in and my own has
been intimately connected with it. I would
do nothing to impair it. But we must have
bridges ; commerce must be permitted to seek
its most profitable direction. We want to
maintain both lines of commerce, by the river
and by rail without breaking bulk. We are
entirely satisfied, as the Committee 011 Post
Offices and Post Roads was, that the construc-
tion of a bridge with a draw one.hundred and
sixty feet wide, forty feet wider than the_ two
bridges now built across the Mississippi river,
will be ample. If found to be otherwise we will
cause them to be removed, as can be done
under the provisions of this bill.
Mr. COWAN. I have uo very great dispo-
sition to interfere in this matter, but I must
confess that the honorable Senator from Iowa,
with all his exact knowledge of the country,
