1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
Ha,-i it not, 1111 organic body ? Has it not hands
and arms, executive, judicial, and legislative?
Is it not constituted, not by its own consent
only. but by the consent of the universal
Republic of States in whose ranks it stands?
11 r SMITH. My impression is. from my
reading of law and understanding of terms,
tlior, a corporation has neither a soul nor a
body; and as a State is a corporation, I would
like to know how my friend proposes to pun-
ish that which has neither soul nor body.
Mr. BKOMW ELL. Well, sir, the idea that a
corporation lias no soul nor body may be true
or may be false. But the question here is, can
any body of men walk into court and ask in
the name of a corporation, whether with or
without a soul, for the rights accruing to that
corporation, which they, m the nauie of the
corporation, have trodden on and spit upon
and repudiated in every possible manner? That
is the question before us, and not whether a
corporation has a soul or body or parts.
Mr. SMITH. I dislike to interrupt the gen-
tleman so much, but I am driving him right to
the point I want him in, and in a little while I
will get liim just where I want to place him.
I say, and I have always said, on the floor of
Congress and elsewhere, that the individual
persons who have done this wrong are the ones
to be dealt with, and I will go heart and hand
with my friend to deal with them. But States
which are corporations have done no wrong,
and yon cannot, punish them. Hang the men,
and I will go with you, but do not hang the
States.
Mr. BROMWELL. I cannot see why the
gentleman from Kentucky insists on making
that declaration while I am speaking, since he
has had ample opportunity of doing it, and did
make that declaration in a lengthy speech upon
this floor. We all know that is his opinion.
What I rose to speak of was the question,
■where is the naked right of this Government?
Not that I mean to say that we, as Representa-
tives of the people, ought to cling to the naked
right, and demand the pound of flesli nominated
in the bond from South Carolina or North Car-
olina or any other Slate. "We are to act as men,
as statesmen, if we may claim to be such, look-
ing to the grand destinies involved, and to the
great future developing, wherein all these States
are expected to act a part in this Republic.
But for the purpose of determining the powers
of this Congress, it is necessary to know whether
these States are to-day living, active members
of this Federal Union, or'whether they are
communities disorganized, and having lost the
benefit of the original compact, and now lying
within our territorial area, and subject to the
disposing will of the people of the United States.
Mr. SMITH, If the gentleman would allow
me to ask liim one question, then I think J will
stop. In a living, moving, active body, it you
put a lancet to the arm blood flows, but in a
dead bodv there is no blood to come: it is
concealed; it i- gone with all else that belongs
to tiie system. Now. to each one ot these eleven
States we have applied the lancet oi the inter-
nal revenue bill, and we are drawing from their
people from day to day that which supports
life and helps us. I would like to know how
we can tax those people if they are dead?
ilr. BROMWELL. 1 have known a man
go into court. when he had repudiated and vio-
lated a partnership contract; and although it
was proven in court that such was the case and
he took no rights under the contract, he had to
go out of court with the sheriff drawing this
very kind of vitality out of him to pay the costs.
It is a common occurrence for the court to
issue a writ against just such a defendant as the
violator of a compact, to bring_ out of his prop-
erty the necessary expenses of putting him out
of court.
Why is it that men insist from day to day
that this compact of the Union cannot be vio-
lated ? "Was it not made by the consent of our
people? Was it notratiiiedby the people ? Was
it nut rutihed as all compacts? are ratified? Ami
does not ovevy State v,lueh conies mto^the
Union assume upon the moment all liabilities
and all obligations which follow every right, to j
each other and to the whole ? i
Let us consider this question for a moment. I
As I understand from the discourse and ques-
tions of the gentleman, he would insist that this •
State of Alabama, which I happened to name,
is to-day a State of this Union, endowed with
the right and the power of affecting by her
legislative action in this Hall and in the Sen-
ate, the welfare of all the States of this Union.
It cannot be questioned for a moment that this
could not be said in relation to the parties to
any other contract. No partner in any other
contract could come into court and say that
he had repudiated the contract and had acted
upon that repudiation : had utterly despised
every obligation under it; had defied the other
members of the partnership until he had been
brought into court by the sheriff; and then say
that lie should be the first mart to walk in and
sit down to determine matters for the benefit
of the firm. What principles of law these gen-
tlemen have discovered, with what legal spec-
tacles they have looked into this matter so as
to discover a difference between the consent
of these consenting States and the consent of
any other contracting parties, I am not able
to tell.
Mr. LATHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment ?
Mr. BROMWELL. Certainly.
Mr. LATHAM. I do not know that I under-
stand exactly the position of the gentleman. I
would like liim to explain, just at this point,
whether he occupies the position that the Gov-
ernment of the United States is a compact be-
tween the States, or is it, a Government of the
people and of the whole nation?
Mr. BROMWELL. That has nothing to do
with the question whether if the compact bo
violated the, violator still retains his rights.
That is the question I am discussing; not the
question as to how the compact was made, hut
whether, being made, the violation of it does not
bring with it certain consequences.
Mr. LATHAM. The difference, as I under-
stand it. lies just here. If the Government of
the United States is a compact between the
States, and the States have violated that com-
pact, those States can no longer claim rights
under it. There we agree. But, if the Gov-
ernment of the United States is a Go\eminent
of and by the people of the Uuited States, and
! a portion of those people as citizens have vio-
i lated ibeir obligations of allegiance to the Gov-
| eminent they have forfeited their rights under
: it. But if a portion of the people residing in the
! same part of the territory have maintained their
! loyalty and allegiance to the United States
; Government, why should they not retain their
! rights under that Government?
Mr. BROMWELL. I will come to that, as
soon as 1 can, in what little more 1 have to say. I
was approaching that point. T wish to show to
i gentlemen that the compact of Government
' has been so violated by these States that they,
as States, have lost their rights. That is what
I have been speaking ot.
Under our institutions every State is sup-
posed to have the right to call a convention by
its Legislature, it is^ a right which every State
holds to be unquestionable. Now, take the
State of Alabama, for instance. Its Legisla-
ture is a lawful body, and lias the consenting
and disposing power ot the State of Alabama,
subject onlv to the limitations in this compact
of 'Union, which binds the State of Alabama
to the other States severally and to the whole.
The Legislature, then, had the power, which
has been exercised in at least three fourths of
our States: to call a convention to correct, to
alter, amend, or otherwise deal with its own
constitution.
Now. sir, from what. I first said concerning
, the manner in which States have their origin,
|! it is evident thai the Constitution oi the United
ij States is a part of the constitution ot Alabama,
I and such a part that without it the constitution
!| of Alabama cannot exist even for a moment.
|| The constitution of Alabama derives its hie
i! out of that which is generated by the Consti-
tution of the Union, for Alabama is not a State
otherwise than as she is a State of this Union
and under this Constitution. Therefore the
Constitution of the United Slates was a part
and parcel and a fundamental part of the con-
stitution of the State of Alabama.
But then her delegates were lawfully elected;
that is to say, they were oleeted in the lawful
fo rm. The animus which prompted them might
have been devilish, illegal, and treasonable;
but the forms of the law were filled while elect-
ing those delegates.
It is a principle of our Government upon
which the representative system is based, that
the people are chargeable for the acts of their
representatives ; and on this principle you hold
every State responsible for the acts of the rep-
resentatives of the people. Nay, more; you
hold the people themselves responsible. For the
Legislature is the people, reduced for conven-
ience to a limited selected number, the selec-
tion made by all, and all being in contempla-
tion of law present and consenting to that
which is done.
This convention met; and what did it do?
It passed an ordinance of secession. This act
was but one of a series 
Mr. LATHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. BROMWELL. I trust the gentleman
will not interrupt meat every point. However,
I will yield.
Mr. LATHAM. There is one idea to which
I would like to call the gentleman's attention.
He says that the Constitution of the United
States is a part of the fundamental law of the
State of Alabama.
Mr. BROMWELL. Yes. sir.
Mr. LATHAM. Upon that point I will not
take issue with him. He says further that the
people of each State, separately, have the right
to call a convention for the purpose of amend-
ing or modifying their fundamental law. He
says that the convention of Alabama met under
the forms of law and adopted an ordinance re-
pealing the Constitution of the United States
within the limits of the State of Alabama.
Now, am I to understand from him that he oc-
cupies the position that the power of the people
of Alabama lawfully extends to the repeal of
the Constitution of the United States so far as
it constitutes part of the fundamental law of
the Stale within the limits of that State? That
is the only conclusion that 1 can draw from his
remarks, as I understand them.
Mr. BROMWELL. If the gentleman had
waited one minute he would have heard what
I have to say on that point.
The Constitution of the United States was
part of the constitution of Alabama.^ and such
a part that from it the constitution of Alabama
derived its life and soul. Now, sir, when the
members of this convention proceeded to vote,_
they were clothed with the disposing power oi
the people of Alabama to do all things that
may lawfully be done under the Constitution of
the' United'States, but without the power to
affect in the slightest degree the supreme and
paramount force and effect of the bederal Con-
stitution. But they could act upon their own
constitution, during its life derived from the
Federal Constitution. It was a convention so
constituted as to bind the people us to its law-
ful acts, and to make them chargeable for its
unlawful acts. They passed an ordinance of
secession severing the connection between the
two". What was the result? Their own con-
stitution was in their own hands ; the h ederal
Constitution was supreme. They cut the con-
nection ; and they did this by the voice of tlieir
people; thev did it bv the voice of their Legisla-
ture : they did it by the voice of their conven-
tion : and'from that moment they annihilated
thTheir "constitution lived by a vitality from
which all legal powers derive their existence—
the vitality of law. Now, the vitality of law or
legal vitality is such that to impair it is to an-
nihilate it; for the subiect admits of no degrees.
Mr. LATHAM. Was secession binding in
law?
