2942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juue 4,
at least, to afford a means by which the con-
stitutional amendments now pending may be
made a finality. You exclude by a section
already adopted certain persons from being
members of this body and from holding other
offices. In the next place it is left open to you
by-the amendment, i have proposed until the
expiration of whatever number of years may
be fixed, to institute proceedings against any
others whom yon think ought to be proceeded
against. Having made the election, then, to
exclude one class entirely and to prosecute
another class, the residue are those whom I
propose to declare freed from the pains and
penalties and disabilities and disqualifications
they have incurred. It is to meet that case, to
make, if I can, a finality of this matter, that I
have proposed the amendment, and my own
judgment is that the requisite number of States
are more likely to adopt the amendment in gross
with some provision of this character, at least,
accompanying it; that is to say, that the mass of
the people South, including a great many who
were misled by those upon whom they usually
depended for information as to the proper con-
duct they should pursue, and who were forced
into the service under other circumstances,
wherein they cannot be said to have been mor-
ally blamable, should be relieved and released
at once. At present they do not know what is
to be their fa.te, and that uncertainty is pre-
venting things settling down in quiet: in the
southern States. I ask Senators again to give
this proposition a fair consideration before they
reject it.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. I do not see any pro-
priety in incorporating into the Constitution
any provision relating to amnesty or pardon—
a subject which is already provided for by the
act of 1862 and by the Constitution itself.
There is full power already in the hands of the
President of the United States, under that act
of Congress, to pardon every rebel who has
participated in the civil war, conditionally or
unconditionally, as he may see fit. He has,
besides that special clause in the act of 1862,
the general pardoning power given by the Con-
stitution of the United States, which he can
exercise even before conviction if he sees fit
to do so. I therefore look upon this amend-
ment as entirely unnecessary and not produc-
tive of any beneficial result. Besides, it looks
to me like a deformity incorporated in the Con-
stitution of the United States. Wo are now
settling the fundamental principles upon which
our Government is to be conducted hereafter,
and I think we should omit any reference to
that subject.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. In addition to what the
Senator from Michigan has said, it seems to
me that this is a subject for legislation, not for
constitutional amendment. We have already
provided that the President of the United
States may do precisely what would be done
by this proposed amendment; and if more
liberal legislation is required hereafter, and
the Presidentfailstoextendainnesty so broadly
as it should be, Congress has always power to
relieve, by a general act or special act, from
the penalties of crime, and may provide for a
general amnesty by law. I therefore submit
to the Senator from West Virginia whether,
although his proposition seems to be a reason-
able and proper one, it is worth while to put
it in a constitutional amendment, when it is
of so temporary a character, and the matter
may be regulated by law.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. The amendment, it
will be seen, removes disqualifications and
disabilities, and from what 1 have heard and
read, nobody believes that the amnesty granted
by the President will have that effect. At any
rate, there is a difference of opinion ; it is a
moot point as to what effect that amnesty will
have; and, again, it is a moot point and has
been debated here upon the floor of the Sen-
ate, I think, within a few weeks, as to the right
of the President to pardon before conviction.
These points have both been denied, and de-
nied by those to whose opinions some weight
is attached. My reason, therefore, for pro-
posing tlnit this proposition should accompany
these amendments to the Constitution is that
everybody may know, as it were, in advance,
what is likely to be his fate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 2G ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Guthrie,
Hendricks, Riddle. Van Winkle, and Willey—§.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conness, Cragm,
Edmunds, i'essenden, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Hen-
derson, Howard, llowo, Kirkwood, Lane of Indi-
ana, Morgan, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—26,
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalcw,
Creswell, Dixon, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, McDou-
prall, Morrill, jS'esmith, Norton, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Trumbull, and Wright—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I now offer the amend-
ment which I before suggested to the second
section. It is to strike out all after the word
"taxed," in that section, in these words:
T But whenever in any State the elective franchise
shall be denied to any portion of its male inhabitants
being citizens of tho United States not less than
twenty-one years of age, or in any way abridged,
except tor participation in rebellion or other crime,
the basis of representation in such State shall be
reduced in the proportion which the number of such
male citizens shall bear to the whole number of male
citizens not less than twenty-onoyoars of ago in such
State.
And in lieu thereof to insert these words:
And excluding also two fifths of such persons as
have been discharged from involuntary servitude
by any proclamation of the President of the United
Statcsorbytho amendmenttothcConstitution oftho
United States since the year 18bl, and to whom the
elective franchise may bo denied.
I will make a very brief explanation of this
amendment. The effect of it will be to leave
the representation of the southern States just
where it was before the war. It is objected and
urged as a reason for a constitutional amend-
ment that the slaves, having been made free,
are now all eountcd in the basis of representa-
tion, and that the effect of that is to increase
the southern representation. To avoid this
objection this amendment is proposed, so that
the representation from the southern States
shall bo upon precisely the same basis that it
was before the war.
I desire to explain one portion of the amend-
ment. It speaks of persons made free by any
proclamation of the President or by tho amend-
ment of the Constitution. T do not myself
believe that the proclamation of the President
had the effect in law of emancipating the
staves : I believe that that work was done by
the constitutional amendment; but as other
Senators hold that the proclamation had the
effect to make the slaves free, out of deference
to their views I have used that expression.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If I correctly under-
stand the effect of the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Indiana, it is that until the elective
franchise is extended to the colored men of the
South they are to be counted in the basis of
representation just as they have heretofore been
counted ; that is, three fifths of them are to be
counted, and no more. I am inclined to vote
for this amendment, because I believe it would
be more likely to be adopted both by the States
South and lythe States North. The effect of it
ijj to count tho colored population of the South
as they have heretofore been counted until they
shall be enfranchised; and of course when
enfranchised they will all be counted. The
southern States, in my judgment, would vote
for that proposition sooner than for tho pend-
ing proposition as leported by the committee,
because it does not decrease their representa-
tion. The northern States would vote for it
becausc it secures them in their proportion of
political power against any increase on the part
of the southern States by viitue of the emanci-
pation of the slaves at the South, while it tends
in the same direction with the amendment re-
ported by tho committee as it now stands. That
amendment as it now stands excludes five fifths
until they are enfranchised. This amendment
excludes two fifths until they are enfranchised.
For my part, one of the greatest anxieties I
have about constitutional amendments, if they
are to be submitted, is, that they be submitted
in such a shape that the States will ratify them,
so as to close up this matter and have an end
of it. For this reason I am inclined to vote
for the amendment.
The amendment was rejected. -
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire now to move
some amendments to this second section. I
propose to offer as a substitute for it the fol-
lowing:
After the census to be taken in the year 1870, and
each succeeding census. Representatives shall be ap-
portioned among the several States which may be
included within this Union according to the number
in cach State of male electors over twenty-one years
of age qualified by the laws thereof to choose mem-
bers of the most numerous branch of its Legislature;
and dircct taxes shall be apportioned among the sev-
eral States according to the value of the real and per-
sonal taxable property situated in each State, not
' belonging to the State or to the United States.
I shall not go into any lengthy argument on
the subject of this amendment, but simply state
in the briefest words possible the grounds upon
which I offer it. In the first place, I am in favor
of it upon the ground of principle. I believe
that in the House of Representatives the voting
population of the country should be represented;
that a voter in Wisconsin should have precisely
the same voice in theHouseof Representatives
as a voter in Massachusetts or a voter in Ken-
tucky or a voter in South Carolina ; that if
twenty thousand voters in Wisconsin are per-
mitted to speak one voice or cast one vote in
the House of Representatives, twenty thousand
voters in South Carolina should not bo permit-
ted to cast any more than one voice or one
vote. I believe that a constitutional amend-
ment based upon this principle, the principle
of the representation of voters, is more likely to
be acceptable to the States than the proposition
which is reported by the committee and pend-
ing before the Senate. You may say that the
effect of it may be very much the same, that if
the States at the South do not choose to make
voters of their colored population that popu-
lation will not be represented in the House of
Representatives, and you may say that is the
effect under the pending amendment; but the
principle upon which it is based is very differ-
ent, and when you are asked to vote for a
measure upon one principle it is a very differ-
ent thing from what it is when you are a-jked
to vote for what may perhaps be the same in
effect upon another principle.
I am for this, because it is no new conric-
tion with me. It has been the conviction upon
which I have acted during the whole of this
struggle. It is the ground upon which my
political associates in Wisconsin, and I believe
the men of all parties in the State of Wiscon-
sin, stand fully committed, in favor of the
proposition to let representation be based upon
the voters of the several States. If you say
to the States of the South, "You must be
deprived of one half of your representation
or let your negroes vote," that is one thing;
but if you say to the States of the South, "As
a principle, it is but just that the men who vote
shall be represented in the House cf Repre-
sentatives," they may yield to your principle
when they may not be prepared to yield to it
in the form in which you present it.
Mr. President, I have looked a little into this
subject to see what the effect will be. A fiiend
of mine has prepared a table showing how this
proposition will operate in the several States.
This table shows the number of Representa-
tives to which the States arc now entitled, the
number to which each would be entitled on the
voting basis, and the number to which they
will be entitled by the reconstruction amend-
ment as proposed by the committee. The esti-
mate is made upon the figures of 1860. l'he
State of Maine has five Representatives under
the present apportionment. She had 100,718
voters in 1800, and upon the voting basis which
requires 20,400 voters to be entitled to one
Representative in the other House, she would
have five Representatives. A Senator asks me
