1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well. I have no
objection to let it go over.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 66) for the relief of Joseph R.
Morris; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
208) to prevent and punish the manufacture and
use of false, forged, or counterfeited brands,
stamps, and stencils; which was read twice lay
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 67) to provide for the erection of
fire-proof buildings at the Schuylkill arsenal,
near_Philadelphia; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SPRAGUE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 68) providing for a change
of name of certain forts and Government works;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia. "
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
. sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
269) to define the number and regulate the
appointment of officers in the Navy; which
was read twice by its title.
_ Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say, in connec-
tion with the fact that I introduce that bill, that
it has been drawn at the Navy Department,
and is accompanied by a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, which I desire to have
printed and laid on the tables of Senators in
connection with the bill. I desire further to
say that I do not feel myself committed to the
provisions of the bill which I have submitted,
but I have presented it to the Senate for its
consideration in compliance with the request
of the Secretary of the Navy. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and that the letter of the Secretary of
the Navy be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 2i0) securing to non-resident litigants the
benefit of the jurisdiction of the United States
courts, in the States lately in rebellion, in cer-
tain cases; which was read twice by its title,,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.'
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 69) making an appro-
priation to enable the President to negotiate
treaties with certain Indian tribes ; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say to the Senate
that I desire to take up this resolution to-mor-
row morning. It is a very important matter,
and is based on facts that have just come to
my knowledge from the Interior Department.
LAKE POUTAGE SIIIP-CAXAL.
_ Mr. POMEROY. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 193, which was ori-
ginally reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, considered at length in the Senate, and
then referred to t^p Committee on Public
Lauds, who have reported it back in a new-
draft. The amendment only need be read,
because it is a substitute for the original bill.
The motion was agieed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 193) to amend
an act entitled "An act granting laud to the
State of Michigan to aid in building a harbor
and ship canal at Portage Lake, Keweenaw
Point, Lake Superior," approved March 3,
18G5.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is
moved that the substitute reported by the
Committee on Public Lauds be read instead
of the original bill, and that order will be
taken unless some Senator asks for the read-
ing of the original bill.
'The Secretary read the amendment of the
Committee on Public Lands, which was to
strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause, and to insert' the following in lieu
thereof:
That there be, and hereby is, granted to the State of
Michigan, to aidinthe buildingof aharbor and ship-
canal at Portage Lake, Keweenaw Point, Lake Supe-
rior. in addition to a former grant for that purpose,
approved Mareli 3,18©, two hundred thousand acres
of land in the upper peninsula of the State of Michi-
gan, and from land to which the right of homestead
or preemption has not attached: Provided, That one
hundred and fifty thousand acres of said lands shall
be selected from alternate odd-numbered sections,
and fifty thousand acres from even-numbered sec-
tions of the lands of the United States. Said grant
of lands shall inure to the use and benefit of the
Portage Lake and Lake Superior Ship-Canal Com-
pany, in accordance with an act of the Legislature
of the State of Michigan, conferring the land granted
to the said State, by the act hereby amended, on said
company: And provided further. That the time al-
lowed for the completion of said work and the right
of reversion to the United States under the said act
of Congress, approved March 3, 1865, be extended
three additional years.
Mr. POMEROY. I notice that in the amend-
ment as printed there is an omission of a pro-
viso in regard to the mineral lands. It should
have been in the amendment, but through some
mistake it has been left out. I therefore move
to amend the amendment by adding as an
additional proviso the following:
_ Provided further, That no mineral lands shall be
included within this grant.-
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator
that he should define "the mineral lands'' in
inserting that clause; otherwise itwould include
all minerals.
Mr. POMEROY. In States lflte Michigan,
where there never have been any precious me-
tals, we have always confined ourselves to the
use of the words " mineral l%ndsbut in those
States where the precious metals are found,
we designate the mineral lands as containing
precious metals.
ThePRESIDENT^ro/emporc. The amend-
ment of the committee will be modified as sug-
gested by the Senator from Kansas, and the
question is on the amendment as modified.
1 he amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; the amendment was concurred' in.
Mr. POMEROY. There is a clerical error
in the eighteenth line of the amendment. The
word "to" should be substituted for the word
"on;" so as to read, "to said company."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, being merely a clerical
mistake.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. Ihe title of the bill was amended so
as to read:
A bill granting lands to the State of Michigan, to
aid in the construction of a harbor and ship-canal at
Portage Lake, Keweenaw Point, Lake Superior, in
said State.
Mr. POMEROY subsequently said: I ask
leave_to enter a motion to reconsider the bill
(S. No. 193) to amend an act entitled "An
act granting lands to the State of Michigan, to
aid in building a harbor aud ship-canal at
Portage Lake, Keweenaw Point, Lake Supe-
rior," approved March 3, 1865, which passed
this morning during the morning hour. There
is a mistake in the bill. I merely want, to
enter a motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion will be entered.
iiocsjs bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions :
A bill (II. R. No. 493) granting a, pension
to Mrs. Joanna Winans ;
A bill (H. R. No. 49-1) for the relief of
Martha J. Willey; and
A bill (H. R. No. 495) for the relief of
Mary A. Patrick.
ADMISSION OF COLORADO.
_ Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the mo-
tion entered by me some time since to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill to admit Col-
orado into the Union* was defeated.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is, Will the Senate reconsider its vote
tejecting the bill (S. No. 74) for the admission
of the State of Colorado into the Union?
Mr. GRIMES and Mr. JOHNSON called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll,
and Mr. Anthony answered to his name.
Mr. BROWN. If it is proposed that a re-
consideration of this vote shall take place, as
a matter of course or of courtesy I do not wish
to contest such a course although doubting its
propriety, but I do not wish any acquiescence
on my part to be construed into an approval
of the joint resolution in favor of the admission
of Colorado with its present constitution. I
was sick and absent in Philadelphia when the
vote toas taken on this proposition before, or
I should have voted against it. As it is, if
enabled to be present whenever the vote may
again be taken, if it is to be reconsidered, I
will unquestionably oppose it. The chief ob-
jection which I wish to state—not that there
are no others—is that the constitution under
which it claims admission contains a clause
denying the right of suffrage to persons on ac-
count of color and race. I will never indorse
by any vote of mine in this Senate any such
odious discrimination, and as I propose to ex-
ercise my constitutional right in that behalf in
regard to other States of the Union which have
lately been in rebellion, so I am willing that
the political reform, the assertion of this fun-
damental principle, should begin in the house
of my friends, and apply first to the admission
of Colorado.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will not
reconsider that vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There has been an
answer to the roll-call.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
I think no answer was given.
Mr. BROWN. I voted.
Mr. ANTHONY. I voted twice; the Sen-
ator from Missouri oncc.
Mr. SUMNER. I was called out of the
Senate for one minute, and during my absence
this motion has been made; I do not know by
whom.
Mr. WILSON. I made the motion. I did
not know that my colleague was absent.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts wishes to address the Senate on the
subject, I hope he will be allowed to do so by
unanimous consent.
Mr. RAMSEY. He can do it just as well on
the bill when it comes before us.
Mr. GRIMES. He has a right to do it on
the motion to reconsider. The Secretary called
the name of the Senator from Rhode Island and
he answered before the Senator from Missouri*
rose to his feet to explain the vote he was
about to give. The Senator from Missouri was
permitted to give that explanation, and now I
suppose the same courtesy might with equal
propriety be extended to the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
souri says his name was called and he answered.
Mr. GRIMES. So had the Sei ;ator from
Rhode Island been called, and lie answered
before the Senator from Missouri's name was
called.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand it, the
Senator from Missouri was called, and when
his name was called he rose and explained his
vote.
Mr. GRIMES. He had no right to do that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps not if anybody
had objected.
Mr. GRIMES. He was permitted to do it,
and now the Senator from Massachusetts ought
to have the same privilege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
