3902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
did not make the engineering difficulties very
clear to me after all, about elevating this bridge
sufficiently above the water to save the river,
iliat is the question. The only question is,
whether you had not better now at this time
put in more money and make your bridge
higher so as to save the river. Can that bo
done? If there are eight miles of the bottom,
and the town should be built upon that bottom,
there is certainly room enough for a railroad
company to get around the town with its em-
bankment in order to cross the river. If, on
the other hand, the town is built on the bluff,
as I understand it is at times on either side,
then there is no necessity for the embankment
there, because the bluff itself is high enough
to give them the start from there. What I
mean to say is that I have a very clear and dis-
tinct opinion that the river there is more val-
uable as a highway than any other improve-
ment, not even excepting railroads, that could
be devised, and 1 think it would be the inter-
est of all the people living along it that it should
be saved from any obstructions of bridges or
anything else.
Mr. BROWN". Mr. President, I do not think-
that any one can accuse me ofbeing hostile to
railroad interests, for I believe that I intro-
duced the first bill that was introduced into
this body tor the construction of a bridge
across the Mississippi river; and I did it with
the lull understanding that the time had come
when it was necessary to have continuous lines
of transit across that river. In that bill there
was a provision taken from the law of Con-
gress which was on our statute-books provid-
ing, in the alternate, for the construction of
bridges with continuous spans or else draw-
bridges. When that bill was sent out to the
West and was published in the newspapers
there, it elicited a great deal of discussion;
and 1 think 1 am safe in saying that in all the
navigating interestof the Mississippi river there
was one universal protest raised against the
construction of draw-bridges. They had had
some experience of those things. They knew
what the dangers and the interruptions were,
and they said, "If you will bridge this river,
at least throw around it the precaution that
shall give us a bridge which will not interfere
with the navigation; make it a bridge similar
to the bridge that has been built across the St.
Lawrence, a bridge similar to other bridges
that are now in existence, and that simply re-
quire a little more money to make them per-
manent structures, and then we will forego our
objections; we will take down our chimneys ;
we will change the construction of our steam-
ers; we will dispense to a great extent with
the height of our pilot-houses, and will adapt
our system of navigation as far as practicable
to facilitating the transit across the river." It
was in pursuance of such suggestions that I
felt called upon, in maturing the bill, to strike
Out the provision for draw-bridges. I will say
further that so much had it impressed mem-
bers of the Senate, and especially those resi-
dent upon the other branches of that stream,
that they felt called upon to confer together
and procure the passage of a bill for the
appointment of a commission which should go
to work and examine the topography of that
stream, which should report upon the prac-
ticability of putting bridges across at these
points, and which should lay before us at the
next session of Congress that exact informa-
tion upon which Ave could act with the assur-
ance that we were not destroying or in any
degree obstructing one of the great highways
of this continent.
.Now, sir, in view of the fact that that com-
mission has been provided by law; in view of
the fact that the Senator from Iowa, in his re-
marks in laboring through the attempt to give
us some topographical knowledge of that coun-
try, failed to satisfy any one in regard to the
exact features of the ground oa either side
where these bridges are proposed; in view of
the dearth of all knowledge on our part in
regard to what effect these draw-bridges are
going to have—I say that the ivqneM of my
colleague that the construction of these bridges
be deferred until we can receive this report is
not unreasonable. T do not think that my col-
league has^ any desire to prevent the construc-
tion of bridges across that stream; I do not
think that he has any hostility to the railroad
interests of the country, but I do think that
he has a very deep interest, matured by long
study, of the navigation interests of the Mis-
sissippi river. I therefore ask that the Sen-
ate, in passing upon this measure, will put that
guard around it so that we may have the ben-
efit of this knowledge before these bridges are
constructed. It will only be a delay of two or
three months. It will be a delay that need not
stop them at all, for they can go ahead, under
the provisions of the amendment, and build
the other kind of bridges. I do not see, really,
what there is to be lost by it. I do not see
why those gentlemen themselves who advocate
these bridges should object to it.
_ Mr. JOHNSON. Having had some profes-
sional connection with this subject, I beg leave
to say a word or two upon the proposition im-
mediately before us. I voted for the amend-
ment suggested by the member from Missouri
sitting next to me, [Mr. Henderson,] and for
the same reason that I gave that vote, I shall
votefortheamendmentwhich lie nowsuggests.
In the Wheeling bridge case, the bridge was
erected by the authority of Virginia alone. It
was a suspension bridge, and it was above the
level of the water some fifty or sixty feet; but
the court found, in fact, that some six or seven
boats were impeded by the bridge as it then
stood. I was counsel for the bridge, and in-
sisted upon the right to trade across the river
as well as the right to trade down the river.
The two, therefore, if it was possible, should
be made so to agree with each other that
neither should injure the other. The court in
the opinion, which Senators perhaps are not
as familiar with as 1 am, and for that reason I
refer to it, recognized the right of the bridge,
provided a draw, which would not materially
affect the navigation of the river, was furnished,
and they, therefore, in their decree in that case
said that the bridgewas to be abated, unless
they should elevate it some ninety feet for a
space of some three hundred feet, or unless
they were able by removing the bridge entirely
from the western side of the river to furnish
a channel on that side which would enable the
vessels going up and down the river, when tliey
could not go under the bridge, to avail them-
selves of that channel. Congress, however,
afterward passed an act by which they declared
that the bridge itself as it stood was a legal
structure ; and a majority of the Supreme Court
held that that was within the power of Congress,
and the bridge has, of course, ever sincc stood.
They put it in so many words upon the ground
that Congress, under the power to regulate com-
merce, has a right to prescribe the manner in
which bridges across the navigable streams of
the United States are to be built; what draws
they are to have, or whether they are to be
erected without draws ; and they have a right
to prescribe what height of chimney steamers
should use.
The effect of that decision and of a subse-
quent decision in the Albany bridge case, which
was a bridge proposed to be run across, and is
now actually constructed across, the Hudson,
at Albany, is this : that under the authority to
regulate commerce Congress has no power to
construct a bridge itself unless it owns the laud
on either side ; that the authority to construct
■is vested in the States alone where the States
have jurisdiction on both sides of the river over
which the bridge is to he thrown ; but that Con-
gress have the authority, under the commercial
power, to prescribe what draws are necessary
in order to avoid any impediment to naviga-
tion, or whether bridges are to be built with-
out draws and with an elevation which will
remove all danger of impediment to the river.
Now, my friend from Missouri will not get
clear of one difficulty in which he and those
who aie interested in the navigation of the
river may be in consequence of the building of
  July 18,
these "bridges. The territory on each side of
the river now belongs to some one of the States;
the States not only have the authority but they
have the exclusive authority to bridge; but that
authority is to be exercised in subordination
to what Congress may do under its exclusive
authority to regulate commerce. Iff hese bridges
are built, and they may be built at onee, one of
two things will happen: either a multitude of
lawsuits will be instituted in orderto ascertain
the fact whether the bridges create an improper
impediment to the river, or Congress will bo
called upon to legislate hereafter. It seems to
me, therefore, to be much better that we should
in advance, by law, under our power to regu-
late commerce, provide what is to be the charac-
ter of the bridge to be thrown over these streams,
and that can only be safely done, I think, upon
the judgment of a board of engineers.
Air. BROWN. When I was up before, I
was cut off in the remarks I was making by a
fit of coughing. There is one other thing I
desire to call the attention of the Senate to,
and that is, that the objection which obtains to
bridges there in the West is one that affects as
much the width between the piers as it does
the height of the structure. Now, the draw-
bridges, as we all know, can only be made one
half of the passage way for vessels that a bridge
of a continuous span has; and that is becoming
of daily greater importance to us from the fact
that the whole course of trade is changing on
the Mississippi river, and taking the shape of
a tug with six or eight barges following after,
instead of the ordinary single steamer which
formerly plied. That requires greater pas-
sage way than even before, and therefore the
reason is still greater and still more urgent that
we should know exactly what we are doing in
regard to'these questions of topography before
we pass this general bill. I trust that the Sen-
ate will concur in the amendment of my col-
league, and I should like to have the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to iave
the question stated.
Mr. BROWN. It is simply to suspend the
construction until we can have a report from
our own commissioners on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be again read.
The Secretary read it. It was to insert at
the end of the seventh section of the amend-
ment of the House of "Representatives the
following:
And it is hereby further provided that no draw-
bridge shall be constructed or commenced under the
provisions of this act before the 1st day of March,
lbo7.
Mr. CONNESS. If this amendment had
been offered while the bill was originally under
consideration, or if it was under consideration
here at another stage, I think I would vote
with the Senator from Missouri for it; but this
bill was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Road3 to consider the amend-
ments that had been made by the House ; and
I do not think that this is the time to add
such an amendment as the honorable Sena-
tor proposes.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 25 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Bnckalcw, Davis, Foster,
(xuthrie, Harris, Henderson, J olmson, Spraguo, Van ,
Wiukle, and Willoy—11.
nays—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, C011-
ness, Cragm, Fessendcn, Grimes. Ilendvir-ks, Howard,
Xirkwood, McDougall, Morgan, Morrill, Norton,
Aya, Poland, Pomeroy, Kiddle, Stewart, Sumner,
Irumbul Warlo, Williams, Wilson, and Yates-25.
Cowan, Creswoll, Dixon, Doo-
httle, Edmunds, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Is esmith, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Shermau, «n3
Wright—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENT)ERSOiSr. I ask the pardon of
the Senate for proposing one other amendment.
I said that I would not do so. The Senator
from Jowa objected that the bottom lands of
the river could not be crossed without trestle-
work, and that whero that will be very high it
will endanger the railroad interest. T now
propose to enable them to build iron submerged
