1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HIGBY. If the State of Illinois has
changed the government it had before 1848,
which State is the existing one, the one before
that time or since, or are both existing?
Mr. BROMWELL. I never said the State
of Illinois had changed its government. I said j
that it made a new constitution precisely to fill
the place held by the old one.
Mr. MARSHALL. If my colleague will
allow me 1 will merely say that that was not
the point he was arguing when I interrupted
hitn. He was arguing that because new con-
stitutions were adopted in the southern States,
and they had changed their form of government
or altered their constitutions, the States which
existed at or before the alteration, were neces-
sarily dead.
Mr. BROMWELL. Well, I will answer my
colleague.
Mr.^MARSHALL. I deny that there is any
soundness in any such position or logic.
Mr. BROMWELL. I never argued that be-
cause they changed their constitutions they
were dead. 1 said they passed ordinances of
secession which cut the connection between
their own constitutions and the Federal Con-
stitution their source of life, and because they
could not affect, the Federal Constitution, it
affected their own.
Mr. MARSHALL. That was in the former
part of his argument. That is not the point on
which I interrupted him. I insist that he was
taking the precise position I imputed to him.
Mr. BROMWELL. At the time I was in-
terrupted I was speaking of this: I was inquir-
ing what government it was that still existed in
these States. It is for them when they come
here and make a proffer to come into the Union
to say what government it is that they bring
here. Is it the government of 1860 or is it a
government made by a stroke of the executive
pen. without the disposing power and consent
of the American people ? I want them to show
and when they have the time and opportunity
I shall listen with pleasure—that it was ever
heard of in American law that the President of
the United States could grasp the disposing
power, the consenting will of the nation; that
he could step in between the people and appoint
a constitution which would be satisfactory to
the thirty-six States of this Union or to the
twenty-five States which had not rebelled.
Mr. LATHAM. If the gentleman will allow
me, with the indulgence of the House, I would
like to refer to a little matter of history in con-
nection with this point.
Mr. BROMWELL. I will yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. LATHAM. A convention of the State
of Virginia, called as was the convention of the
State of Alabama, of which the gentleman
speaks, adopted on the 17th day of April, 1861,
an ordinance of secession, so-called. The form
of the ordinance was a repeal of the ordinance
of the Virginia convention by which the Con-
stitution of the United States was ratified^ in
the beginning of the Government. On the 2oth
dav of April, of the same year, this convention,
by an ordinance, annexed the State of V irginia
to the so-called confederate States of America,
and about the same time they repealed the law
of the State of Virginia requiring an election to
be held for members of Congress on the fourth
Thursdav in May of the same year.
Immediately upon the occurrence of these
startling events, the loyal people of the north-
western, northern, and northeastern portions
of the State called a convention, which met in
the citv of Wheeling on the 11th dav of June,
18m. the State having been, according to my
under^tandiiia of the gentleman's doctrine, out
of the Union" from the 17th day of April until
the nth dav of .lime, at least.
Mr BROMWELL. I would like to inquire
whether this has anything to do with the ques-
don 1 am discussing. .
Mr LATHAM. I will show that it has.
Mr. BROMWELL. Very well, then.
Mr. LATHAM. That convention^ styling
itself a convention of the people of \ irginia,
adopted on the 14th day of June, a declara-
tion, theclosingparagraphof which Twill read:
"We, therefore, the delegates here assembled rn
convention to devise surh measures and take such
action as the safety and welfare of the loyal citizens
of Virginia may demand,4 having maturely consid-
ered the premises, and viewing with great concern
the deplorable condition to which this once happy
Commonwealth must be reduced unless some regular
adequate remedy is speedily adopted, and appealing
to the supreme Ruler of the universe for the recti-
tude of our intentions, do hereby, in the name and
on the behalf of the good people of Virginia, sol-
emnly declare that the preservation of their dearest
rights and liberties and their security in person and
property imperatively demand the reorganization
of the government of the Commonwealth; and that
all acts of the said [Riehmondjconvention and Exec-
utive tending to separate this Commonwealth from
the United States, or to levy and carry on war against
them, are without authority, and void-; and that the
offices of all who adhere to the said convention and
executive, whether legislative, executive, or judicial,
are vacated."
Mr. BROMWELL. I must ask the gentle-
man again what this has to do with the subject
of which I have been speaking.
Mr. LATHAM. If the gentleman will in-
dulge me a few moments longer, I think I can
show him its pertinency.
Mr. BROMWELL. If the gentleman will
only come to the point, very well.
Jvlr. LATHAM. This ordinance declaring
the offices of those who had gone into the re-
bellion vacated was adopted, I believe, on the
14th day of June; and in furtherance of the
object of that declaration, that convention on
the 20th day of June appointed a provisional
governor in the place of Governor Letcher,
who had vacated his office by going into the
rebellion, and a provisional lieutenant governor
and attorney general, who were to hold their
places until an election could be held, which
was further provided for. On the fourth Thurs-
day in May, the day of the election to which I
just, referred, an election was held for members
of Congress, in violation of the repeal of the
act by the Virginia convention. Members of
Congress were returned here, and were re-
ceived. I find by the records that there were
five members elected 
Mr. BROMWELL. I cannot see what the
elections in Virginia have to do with the ques-
tion I am discussing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can resume
the floor whenever he chooses.
Mr. BROMWELL. I think I have allowed
the gentleman time enough to state the point
which he seeks to make.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman yield
further, or resume the floor?
Mr. BROMWELL. I think I prefer to
resume the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman, of course,
has the right to do so.
Mr. BROMWELL. I think it is irrelevant
to the present qnestion to investigate the his-
tory of transactions in Virginia since the com-
mencement of this war. The question which
I was attempting to discuss was, whether the
States that rebelled are entitled to demand,
under the Constitution, the right to sit hero
and assist in making laws. That is a simple
question, and cannot be affected by any act of
Virginia. The gentleman may perhaps find a
case in which such a right has been granted.
But I am speaking now of States that have
manifestly violated the fundamental principles
on which they held existence, that have repu-
diated the common bond and obligation of this
Government, that have acted on the repudia-
tion as long as their abilities and means would
enable them to do so, and that now stand de-
manding equal rights in the Federal Govern-
ment bv virtue of the Constitution. I was
asking whether they could make this demand
on the ground that the acts of the con\ entions
thai passed the ordinances of secession were
illegal. 1' have answered thai by saying that
you may as well permit a man to come into
court and repudiate 01 accept the acts of his
agent, as may best suit his purposes.
But, sir, the people ratified the acts of this
c Invention. They did more: they hastened to
turn over every State power and function to
another and -a foreign power, sought to be ere-
they arrayed themselves under aforeign flag, as
foreign to this soil as the flag of Great Britain.
They did more: the Legislature, which was the
legislative arm of the State, no longer sat as a
State of this Union. The Governor, who wag
the executive arm of the State, no longer held
his office as Governor of a State of this Union.
The judiciary, which were the judicial arm of
the State, no longer sat to determine causes
arising in a State of the Union. But one and
allt civil and military, Legislature, convention,'
executive, judiciary, and people went, hand in
hand, by every existing power in the State .
capable of acting, and united themselves to a
foreign confederacy for the express purpose
of denying allegiance to this Constitution and
waging war against this Go veri intent and people.
Now, sir, can the gentleman point out an
act of repudiation which they did not do ? Can
he point out an existing power or function in
that State which was not called into exercise
to commit treason against the Constitution of
the United States? Not one. So they stand
to-day covered with violence, from the Execu-
tive at the capital of the State down to the
voters at the country precinct who by their bal-
lots voted that their State should be no longer
part or parcel of the Federal Union, and should
have no share in its benefits and blessings.
What answer shall that State present to-day
when we demand by what right it seeks to
come in and help govern us. It appealed to
the sword and the sword has decided. It cast
all upon the wager of battle; and though that
mode of settling difficulties has long been dis-
used in the courts of law, yet in the forum of
nations that terrible arbitrament survives. It
carries with it every consequence it has borne
since it has been recognized as the last argu-
i ment of kings. They appealed to the sword—
the sword has decided ; from its determination
there is and can be no appeal. It is invoked
only when all other means fail. The thunder
of its decision silences all disputation in other
and powerless tribunals. Therefore the peo-
ple of those States, like Alabama and others,
when they ranged themselves in front of the
arms of this nation and went down beneath its
power, come back to-day clad with no more
rights as States than the laws of war and the
disposing will of the people accord to them.
They have tried the wager of battle. It has
failed. The victor comes in and is clothed eo
instanti with all the disposing power, limited
alone by that principle of public law which
requires the victor to provide necessary and
proper regulations for the vanquished country:
subject further to that principle in the law of
nations, growing out of public justice and public
policy, that such existing laws as are not mim-
ical to the conqueror and do not stand in his
way shall be left for the common benefit. AH
their organizations, statutes, constitutions,char-
ters, contracts which stand in the way of this
go down. They are held to be shattered ana
crushed by the stroke of the conquest, and lie
mingled with the dust of their defending ram-
parts. This was the stern law which they in-
voked, and not the will of the peaceable, law-
abiding people of this Union. They_ come
with their broken constitution and their violated
vows, with the flag of their country beneath
their feet and the flag of secession flaunting its
folds before heaven. Here they come, Legisla-
ture, judiciary, army, navy, pirates, guerrillas,
every species of force which they can collect
from the four quarters of this land, and present
; themselves in battle array; theystand until the
force and power which they have invoked, whose
'i vcnceance and whose-strength they have chal-
!i lCn<?cd. ha? hurled them to the dust And now,
11 while writhing beneath the stroke of the victor,
i: a voice comes forth saying that they have the
"same rights at law that they would have had
had thev been marshaled under the glorious
stars and stripes, and fought for the Union and
for liberty—fought in the same cause for which
