1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1983
Iowa desires to hear the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, I shall not object. Tlie rule of the
Senate, I believe, has been, when there has
been a response not to allow debate afterward.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Such is
the rule of the Senate. "After the call of the
yeas and nays and a Senator answers, the rule
of the Senate is that debate ceases. The Sen-
ator from Iowa, however, is right, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, in point of fact, that the
name of the Senator from Rhode Island had
been called, and his answer was heard by the
Chair. When the Senator from Missouri's
name was called,'lie made a few words of expla-
nation, no Senator objecting. The Chair then
directed the call to proceed. The call again
commenced, and the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and had answered, and simultaneously with his
.answer, or perhaps immediately after, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts addressed the Chair
and was recognized. If the point of order,
however, is made, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, under the rule, is not entitled to be
heard.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Chair decide
that 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not understand that any Senator makes
the point of order objecting to the Senator
from Massachusetts proceeding. The Chair
simply stated that if the point of order should
be made, the Senator from Massachusetts would
not be entitled, under the rule, to be heard.
According to the practice, however, which has
been adopted in the case of the Senator from
Missouri, the Senator would bo entitled; but
still no point of order was made then. The
Chair did not feel called upon to enforce the
rule as against the Senator saying a few wtmls
of explanation, and he would not now as against
the Senator from Massachusetts, and does not
understand that any one now makes the point
of order. The Chair therefore recognizes the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I hear Sen-
ators about me say, "Make your speech after
the motion to reconsider has been adopted."
I have no speech to make, but I wish to meet
this question on the threshold, frankly and sin-
cerely, with my most earnest protest. I feel
that the Senate will make a great mistake if
they proceed to reconsider this vote. The ques-
tion was amply discussed ona former occasion ;
it was considered in every possible aspect. The
condition of the Territory of Colorado was ex-
posed ; its want of population was exhibited,
and its constitution having in it the word
"white" was also exhibited to the Senate.
On those grounds I felt it my duty then to op-
pose the admission of that Territory as a State
into this Union. I opposed it then as earnestly
as I could, believing it my duty as a Senator;
fully satisfied that it would have been a fatal
mistake for us to admit it. Having acted as I
did then, I feel that I should be untrue to my-
self if I let slip any opportunity to resist the
effort to introduce this Territory into the Union
.at this time, and under the present circum-
stances of the case. I hope, therefore, that the
Senate will not proceed to reconsider the vote
that, to their honor, they have already recorded.
They did well when, on a former occasion, after
a two days' debate, by a large vote they delib-
erately refused to receive this Territory into the
Union. Has anything occurred since to cause
a change of opinion? Is there any new evi-
dence? Arc there any new facts? Is there any-
thing which can change your responsibilities or
which can make you see your duty in a new
light? Has that constitution been amended?
lias the word " white" been struck out of it?
Why, sir, at this moment the most important
practical question before the country is, whether
wo shall allow the word "white" to be in the
constitutions of the late rebel States. Sir, with
what just weight can you insist that the word
"white" shall be excluded from those consti-
tutions when you yourself deliberately receive
into the Union a new State which has that prin-
ciple of exclusion? I say, therefore, for the
sake of my country, for the sake of public tran-
quillity, for the sake of those fundamental prin-
ciples on which so much depends, and which,
whether as Senator or citizen, I ean never for-
get—I appeal to you, sir, and to my associates
on this floor, not to allow this question to be
revived. Let Colorado wait at least until she
recognizes the Declaration of Independence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No. 238.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have avote
on this question, and I move to pass over that
bill for a short time.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection if we can
come to a vote immediately on this matter, but
I do not want the special order to lose its place.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business will be laid aside informally if
there be no objection.
Mr. COWAN. I hope not. This is an im-
portant question, and it has not been discussed
by everybody. <
Mr. WILSON. Well, At it pass over.
Mr. CHANDLER. I"move that the special
order be passed by informally for the purpose
of allowing us to finish this motion to recon-
sider.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to an informal postponement, it
will require a motion to postpone the special
order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I make that motion.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It is moved
to postpone the present and all prior orders in
order to continue the consideration of the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote on the bill for the
admission of Colorado.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the Senators who are
so anxious that Colorado should be admitted
will allow this measure to go over until there
can be a fuller Senate than there is to-day.
Mr. WILSON. I propose that it shall go
over until to-morrow morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan makes a motion to postpone
the present and all prior orders.
Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the motion.
Let it go over.
PROTECTION OF UNITED STATES OFFICERS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 238) to amend an act entitled "An
act relating to habeas corpus and regulating
judicial proceedings in certain cases," approved
March 3, 1863, is before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the pending question
being on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. NYE. I think when we adjourned yes-
terday we were upon the naval bill, and I had
the floor npon that question.
Mr. CONNESS. This was a subsequent
arrangement.
Mr. NYE. I did not hear it.
Mr. CLARK. I called up the bill to make
it a special order. Thatwas the very objectof
moving to take it up, and then to adjourn.
Mr. NYE. That was a very sharp thing.
Mr. CLARK. Not at all sharp. It is the
usual practice of the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I move to lay that order of
business aside, and take up the bill relating to
the iron-elads.
Mr. CLARK. I hope tliat will not be done ;
let us not lay aside this public business for what
may be considered the private business of indi-
viduals.
Mr. NYE. That is important public busi-
ness, relative to the construction of the iron-
clads.
Mr. CLARK. This is a matter of a great
deal of importance. I understand that in one
State there arc some three thousand suits which
are to be reached by this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Nevada to postpone the present and all prior
orders and take up the bill referred to by him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. The bill
which the Senator from New Hampshire calls
up is one of public importance and one of
urgency. I think my friend from Nevada him-
self, when he knows what the bill is—hi 3 atten-
tion has not been turned to it—will consent
that it shall come up. It is a bill to protect
loyal men from prosecutions and suits for acts
done in obedience to orders in putting down
the rebellion. There are at this time, I under-
stand, several thousand suits pending against
loyal men who have committed no offense and
done no act except in obedience to orders of
superior officers. They are now being sued and
prosncuted in the courts of Kentucky and other
States, and this is a bill which has passed the
House of Representatives and is of a public
character; and it is due to the men who haz-
arded their all to save the country that we should
protect them from prosecutions aud suits for
simply doing their duty. I hope that we shall
go on with it.
Mr. NYE. At this point I should like to
have the question of priority established a little.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] when I
had the floor on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] to the bill
in relation to the contractors for iron-clads,
moved that that question be laid aside until
to-morrow (to-day) at one o'clock, to which I
consented. Afterward, as the Senate was about
to adjourn, the Senator from New Hampshire
slipped in this bill. I merely want to learn
what the practice is, that hereafter I may avail
myself of it if I desire to get priority. I sup-
posed that when the Senate made an order that
the naval bill should go over until to-day at one
o'clock, it meant what it had said.
Mr. CLARK. I do not quite like the expres-
sion of the Senator from Nevada that I had
slipped the bill in, implying that I had done it
for the purpose of defeating his bill. The Sen-
ate will remember that the Senator from Ohio
made the motion to postpone the navy bill, the
bill which was under consideration, and to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill chartering
a company for the sewerage of this city. He
moved to postpone the navy bill until one o' clock
to-day, but it was not made a special order, and
if it had been made a special order the unfin-
ished business would override that special order.
Mr. NYE. That is what I want to learn.
Mr. CLARK. The Senate will hear me out
in the assertion that when I moved to take up
this bill the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilsox] said, "You are not going further, Mr.
Clark and I said that I wanted to take up
the bill so that it might be in order for to-mor-
row, (to-day,) and the Senate thereupon took
it up and put it in order for this time. There
is no "slipping" about it. It is the deliberate
order of the Senate taking up the bill at that
■ time.
Mr. NYE. You slipped me.
Mr. CLARK. But it is before the Senate in
its order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ne-
vada to postpone the presentand all prior orders
and proceed to the consideration of the bill
named by him.
Mr. CLARK called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 17, nays 14; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalcw, Cowan. Doo-
littlo, Howard, Howe, Lane of Kansas. Morgan, Nes-
mith, Nye, Poland, llamscy, ltiddle, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Wade, and Yates—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Claik, Oonness, Edmunds, Foster,
Johnson, Kirkwood.Laneof Indiana, Pomeroy, Sher-
man, Sprague, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willcy, and
Williams—14.
ABSENT—Messrs.Brown, Chandler, Cragin.Cres-
weli, Davis, Dixon, Fessenden, Grimes, Guthrie,
Harris, Henderson, Hendricks. McDougall, Morrill,
Norton, Saulsbury, Wilson, and Wright—IB.
So the motion was agreed to.
CONTRACTORS FOR VESSELS AND MACHINERY.
The Senate accordingly resumed, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 220) for the relief of-certain eon-
tractors for the construction of vessels-of-war
and steam machinery^- the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Nvt to the
amendment of Mr. Grimes.
