3004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
every occasion to turn events to a good ac-
count. While, technically, he was neither a
scholar nor an orator, yet he was learned and
eloquent; for he had closely studied men and
knew every avenue to the human heart, find
could arouse its deepest emotions. With his
impassioned eloquence before the people he
swayed multitudes who would hang upon his
lips with breathless emotion, while they re-
garded his voice as little less than the breath
of omnipotence.
I could not be true to history or to ray own
convictions if I did not here, and now, say that
from the beginning to the end of our struggle
in Kansas General Lane was true to the cause
of freedom, and true to the pioneers who strug-
gled with him to save our Territory from the
crime and treason of human slavery. I forgive
many faults in one who has such virtues.
Lawrence became the bulwark of freedom
in Kansas, and Lane was the chosen leader.
He was elected to the first Free-State conven-
tion to form a constitution at Topeka, and was
chosen the presiding officer of that body. Under
that constitution he was first elected, with Gov-
ernor Reeder, to the Senate of the United
States. While General Lane was at Wash-
ington urging our admission into the Union
under that constitution, as a settlement of our
difficulties, a conflict at home between oppos-
ing forces seemed inevitable. By the greatest
prudence and foresight alone was a collision
between the United States military forces
avoided, while as a result, Lawrence was
sacked and burned.
General Lane then left Washington, and
with wonderful activity and energy went through
the northern and western States raising men
and arms for the settlers in Kansas. By the
1st of August, 1856, he had collected his little
army and marched the first parly of armed set-
tlers through the State of Iowa into Nebraska
and Kansas. The invaders fled from our soil
before the presence of organized and armed
emigration. At this opportune period Gov-
ernor Geary became the executive officer of
Kansas; a man who faces the music and never
turned his back upon the foes of his country;
who then, as now, was a noble leader in a noble
cause, soon, I hope, to be honored by Penn-
sylvania as he has always honored her. Under
his administration Kansas had a brief respite
from the angry strife, and men of both polit-
ical parties united in joint efforts to promote the
prosperity of the Territory. But the interval
was comparatively brief, and the resignation
of Governor Geary was soon followed by the
Lecompton convention, the history and char-
acter of which are familiar to all.
Senator Laxk entered warmly into the can-
vass of 1800. and found in Mr. Lincoln a per-
sonal friend. In April, 1801, he was elected
a member of the Senate of the United States,
and took his seat hero at the called session of
the Thirty-Seventh Congress, meeting for the
first time July 4, 1801. That was at the be-
ginning of the late rebellion, a foreshadowing
of which he had seen in Kansas. During that
short session he urged and voted for the most
vigorous prosecution of the war, and in some
measure comprehended its results. He closed
one of his speeches on the 18th of July by this
most distinctive announcement, "that slavery
should perish rather than that one inch of this
Union should be parted with."
I believe he was among the first, if not the
very first, to enlist colored soldiers in the Union
Army, for on the 4th day of August, 1862, he
commenced the organization of the first colored
regiment of Kansas; and although they were
not received and mustered into the military
service until 13th January, 1863, still in the
mean time, when some were discouraged, he
would not consent to the disbandment of the
regiment, but authorized Colonel Williams,
then in command of this regiment, to draw
upon him for their support until the Govern-
ment accepted them—thus pledging Ms pri-
vate property for the support of this regiment.
Finally they were accepted and mustered, which
precedent was followed by the enlisting and
mustering of the Massachusetts fifty-fourth, and
then to swelling the ranks of the Union Army
to the number of over two hundred and fifty
thousand colored troops, thus, and for the first
time, allowed to strike the redeeming blow of
their own freedom!
Senator Lane rejoiced in every triumph of
our brave Army, whether on the sea or on the
land, and seemed to feel a profound personal
mortification and defeat at every national re-
verse. My late colleague was a member of the
Baltimore convention in 1804, and, with the
late Senator King, of New York, took a prom-
inent part in the deliberations of that body,
•and did much toward securing the result ar-
rived at. Now, alas! both by similar rash acts
have closed their eyes to the light of day, and
are dead to the issues they helped to inaugu-
rate.
Just previous to the late presidential elec-
tion I witnessed the devotion of Senator Lane
to the cause of our country, and his complete
identification with the soldiers of Kansas,
who were suddenly called to march to the
border of the State to repel the invasion of the
rebel General Sterling Price, who was then
marching through Missouri with conquests and
victory. In that contest, to save our State from
fire and pillage, General Lane counted nothing
too dear to offer for her defense. But with
musket in hand be shared the labors, exposure,
and conflict with the private soldier; -thus en-
dearing him to our people, he was a second
time elected to the Senate. And the present
Congress was the commencement of his second
term.
But I shall not dwell upon the recent events
of this session. They are too familiar to all.
It seems but yesterday since he was going in
and out among us. Nor shall I allude to the
course that he took during this session, so
painful to his friends. I prefer to turn my
face to the brighter side of this extraordinary
picture of human life, and let the shady side
pass from view. I would step backward and
throw the mantle of charity over all that I can-
not approve. For the grave is silent. Death
stereotypes all human actions and efforts, and
allows no second edition to issue. The work
of life is sealed and the record goes up on high,
as well, also, as down to posterity through
coming years. What is mysterious now may
be revealed hereafter. At present we hardly
know what to commend or what to condemn
until the day of final disclosure.
My late colleague loaves an interesting fam-
ily in the deepest sorrow, to say nothing of
friends, to mourn his loss. But, I trust that
He who is the God of the fatherless and pro-
tects the widow will shield and protect them,
and in coming years, when the shadows of life
are lengthened, they may find paths of useful-
ness and honor, remembering that—
"That life is long
Which answers life's great ends."
Mr. President, I offer the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That tlie members of the Senate have
learned with regret and sorrow of flic sudden death
of lion. James II. Lane, late ;i Senator from the
State of Kansas.
Resolved, That as an evidence of respect to the
memory of the deceased, and of sincere sorrow and
sympathy for his bereaved and afflicted family, the
Senate do now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Secretniy communicate these
proceedings to the House of Representatives.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, Amos
Lane, the father of James H. Lane, was a dis-
tinguished citizen of the State of Indiana. His
professional learning and force as a public
speaker placed him among the able lawyers
of the State. He was prominently connected
with the early legislation of the State, and con-
tributed to the establishment of our system of
laws. For four years he was a Representative
in Congress, and took rank as an able debater
in that body.
James H. Lane was born in the county of
Dearborn, in the State of Indiana, on the 22d
day of June, 1814, and that continued to be
his home until 3855, when he identified his for-
tunes with the people of Kansas. He was ed-
ucated for the bar, but did not long devote him-
self to the labors or pursue the honors of the
profession. When the country became involved
in the war with Mexico, he was among the first
to respond to the call for troops. His rare
energy of character was displayed in the rest-
less zeal with which he prosecuted the work
of raising and organizing the third regiment of
Indiana volunteers. By the choice of the com-
panies he was made the colonel and placed in
command of the regiment.
That regiment was made up of the young
men of southeastern Indiana, and was com-
posed largely of the sons of the farmers; aud
in it were many of my youthful associates and
friends, many whose friendship and esteem I
yet cherish; and I think I am justified in say-
ing that in every soldierly quality it was enti-
tled to rank with the first and the proudest.
Its fortunes became to me a subject of great
interest, and from the day of the enrollment
to the day of-discharge T listened for every re-
port of its gallant achievements, and was very
proud of the great name with which it came
out of the service. The art and science of war
had been neglected.in the State of Indiana, and
the officers and men looked to the colonel for
the care necessary to their comfort and safety
and the discipline which made them formi-
dable to the enemy. Under his command the
regiment soon attained a high rank for its skill
and discipline.
I need not speak of the battle of Buena Vista;
of the great disparity in the numbers engaged;
of the importance of its results, not only in
holding the line of the Rio Grande, but per-
haps in saving the army ; of its decisive influ-
ence upon the fortunes of the war, and of the
glory it shed upon our arms, for these are all
known ; but I cannot omit saying that, upon
that rough field, the third Indiana occupied
positions of greatest difficulty and responsi-
bility, that it was borne upon by heavy forces
of infantry, and dashed against by long lines
of cavalry, and that in all the changing for-
tunes of the day it was neither broken or bent.
Colonel Lane and the regiment were honora-
bly mentioned in the report of the command-
ing general.
After the discharge of the third, Colonel
Lane organized and commanded the fifth Indi-
ana regiment, which was composed largely of
his discharged veterans. That regiment ren-
dered valuable service, and was discharged with
a character highly honorable and gratifying to
its commander. Colonel Lane was kind toward
his men, careful of their wants, generous to-
ward his subordinate officers, yet strict in his
discipline, and enjoyed both the affection and
confidence ®f his command. In the enemy's
country he was vigilant and active, and upon
the field of battle cool, sagacious, and brave.
Upon his return home, Colonel Lane was
chosen, by a large vote, Lieutenant Governor
of the State, and in 1852 was elected to Con-
gress from the same district which his father
had represented nearly twenty years before.
Ho did not participate largely in the debates,
and his service in the House was not specially
marked. Ho supported the Administration of
President. Pierce, and upon its passage voted
for the Kansas-Nebraska bill. I will not add
to what the Senator, lately his colleague, has
said of his eventful life after he left the State
of Indiana. The estimate that may be put
upon much of his conduct while he was con-
nected with the border strife must depend upon
the stand-point from which it is viewed. His
character was not obscure, nor his conduct
concealed. His virtues and his faults were
alike conspicuous, and will now remain as
models for imitation or beacons of dangers to
be avoided.
His ambition and passions were imperious,
and his will dominant, so that, defiant of op-
position and popular opinion, he pursued his
objects with an energy and force that wrung
success from adverse circumstances and reluc-
tant fortune. He was not endowed with high
powers of argument, nor with a cultivated im-
