1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 20,
our heroes bled and fell. They come here to
demand the right to legislate for the people of
this country who have not yet all returned
from the mournful task of burying the mangled
dead of the nation, over whose tombs these men
must walk to take their places here. They seek
to mingle with the loyal defenders of the coun-
try, and scarcely deign to take their shoulder-
Straps from off their clothes when they ask to
sit down here to legislate for the men of Fort
Donelson, Chiekamauga, and Gettysburg. They
come here to legislate. Who? Think of itl
Governors who are just from turning over to
their successors galleries appropriated to old
secession flags which they have gathered to place
before the people, to remind them that the men
whom they led beneath these flags have fought
and gained their glory in a war against their
country; thus to keep alive secession and all
the diabolical principles which nourish and
sustain it.
Thinkof it! Governors coming here, andmen
in high positions, fresh from laying the corner-
stones of monuments in the public squares of
the southern cities, to commemorate the deeds
of the men they commanded during the rebel-
lion, and who died smiting at the throat of the
Government; and claiming here to give law to
the brothers and lathers and mothers of the
men through whose breasts they struck. Yes,
sir, in ihcscnew-coustructed governments which
the President's wand has brought into being,
we have Governors issuing their circular letters
to (heir people that the saered depositaries of
their banners shall be handed over to their suc-
cessors, to stand through all time in memoriam,
to remind (lie people of Alabama and of Missis-
sippi that their fathers and brothers won their
glory in the war of treason! This is the way
in which they present themselves hero.
You say the loyal people ought to be allowed
•to come here. "VVhy did they not come? Was
ittheloyal people who elected this kindof men?
True, some of the Stales have sent some loyal
men here, bul, as has been slated upon this
floor to-day, they owe their existence as Rep-
resentatives of these people, simply to Ihe fact
that Federal bayonets kept back the men who
■would otherwise have sent the commanders of
their confederate armies hero, and who will
send as their successors that class of men be-
yond peradventure. They are to come here
with their fellow-laborers in the cause of the
rebellion to give law to the people they could
not conquer in arms, reversing the character of
all couquestsand making the victorious Repub-
lic of America I he subjugated victim of the suc-
cessful traitor's power, carried over her head
under the forms of law; and all in obedience
to the merest notion of law—for it can hardly
bo called an opinion—that these Stales never
violated and therefore never lost, their rights.
When they shall succeed, it will be when
some unsearchable judgment of lleaven shall
have stricken blind the defenders of the free-
dom and welfare of this nation. [Applause in
the galleries.] It. may be that our judgments
arc not all upon us. It may bo that the pun-
ishment for the sins of the North and of the
South are not yet visited on the devoted people
of this country. There are three shafts in the
quiver ofdi\ine retribution with which nations
have been smitten. One has already pierced
us and one is trembling on the string. War,
pestilence, and famine are the lessons with
which the Almighty has taught, the nations from
the beginning until now. Let us beware lest
in going forward in the course which these men
advise, and committing the interests of four
million human beings, whose welfare is in our
bands, back to the merciless hands from which
we wrested them—let us beware lest in giving
over the temple of freedom and humanity to
these hands red with blood, these souls black
with treason, these hearts foul with cruelty, we
provoke another visitation of the divine wrath;
and the cry shall be raised, "One woe is past
and behold a second cometh quickly!"
I say, Mr. Speaker, that the trust committed
to our hands is too important to betray; it is
more than Representatives dare to do at tliis
day, ia this age, and in this country. It is no
time now to look for popularity; it is no time
to stand here and chaffer and bargain with hu-
man interests and vulgar passions and base
prejudices. That which is lequired of us is
the stern, unbending front which looks to God
as the vindicator of the truth; and which looks
to humanity as that to which our duty must be
discharged.
We have not had the greatest share in
bringing this work upon our hands. But it
is here; we cannot avoid it; we cannot fall
back from it. How can we stand here and an-
nounce to the world that this Union is restored,
that those States are in full competency and
force, and that we consign to the tender mer-
cies of these States the miserable creatures
whom they dragged across the seas, with our
help, too; that we consign to them tjie fugi-
tives, white and black, who come to us for help;
that we hand over to the taskmaster the victim
who is looking to us for the freedom which God
will yet accord to him, and that, too, unless we
do justice, through the blood and punishment of
the oppressor? No, sir, we caunot take that
responsibility. Should we do so, every nation
that sits under the shadow of the power of the
Mufti and the Sultan would crv out against us.
Fez, Morocco, and Algiers would rise in judg-
ment against us. It cannot be done in free
America, in the country of constitutions, the
country of orderly government, the laud in
which so many noble men have lived and died.
It. cannot be done in the land of Washington
and Lincoln. It cannot be done beneath the
stars and stripes. It cannot be done here where
the empire of freedom is to be founded by our
people, who are commissioned, empowered, and
intrusted with its high destiny.
Sir, as I said in the beginning of my remarks,
the question of the loyal status of those States
stands first in the questions before us for con-
sideration. If they are States in this Union in
full force and competency, then are we doomed.
The fateof humanity 011 this continent is sealed:
because to their treacherous and cruel hands
arc to be committed its care and keeping.
But it', on the othei hand, they have violated
their obligations and thereby lost their rights
by forfeiture, then we are at liberty to come in,
not as the conqueror would come, to punish
and onli'ago his victim ; but. to come in in the
name of humanity and truth and the Constitu-
tion, and say to the vanquished, " Yon shall
accord to humanity its rights; yon shall now
assist in laying the foundations of this Govern-
ment firmly upon the granite base of justice."
And when that is done, when we shall .have
founded our liberty upon justice, we shall have
taken full and proper care of it.
It is because liberty lives in its securities and
not in its promulgation, that we must do this.
It is bocause there is but one security for liberty,
and that is justice, that we must do this. When
justice is done, liberty will take care of herself.
Sir, I wish it to be distinctly understood that I
do not argue this for the purpose of asking that
we shall demand every penalty which this vio-
lation so fully deserves. On the contrary, I
only ask that wo shall do our duty as states-
men in deciding these great questions. For one
] cannot vote for a State to come in or go out
because it has done this or that, because this
or that man was born in it. 1 cannot veto for
Tennessee to come in because President John-
son came from there, or for South Carolina to
stay out because John C. Calhoun came from
there. But 1 stand here to hold up the hands of
humanity, and to say that these great cads must
now be secured. I want nothing more, I shall
be content with nothing less. God knows I
speak here to-day, as 1 believe, for the benefit
of the entire people, "for the greatest good to
thegreatest number." from the forests of Maine
to the waters of the Hio Grande. I do not desire
to keep alive the bitterness and bate of war, to
quicken the sharp pangs which gnaw the hearts
of the loyal people; but we cannot, to please
rneu iu power or to please the multitude, violate
the solemn trust committed to this Congress and
to the people at this hour, to stand to the truth
as it is and maintain our Union, not in any
spirit of pride-, or .arrogance, or cuielty, but in
the spirit of patriotism, of philanthropy, of
truth, and justice. Justice, without which a
nation is naught but an incumbrance upon the
earth, must be vindicated and secured through-
out this land. When this shall have been done
I shall expect to see our people mingle again,
forgetful of the past with all its faults and follies
and cruelties, and join together as a band of
brothers to carry on the glorious work of hu-
manity and freedom throughout this continent
entire.
Mr. MclvEB obtained the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
from Kentucky yield for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. MclvEE. Yes, sir.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move, then, that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House, (at
threeo'clockandfifty-five minutes,) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, <fce., were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of E.N, Bart-
Iett and 35 others, citizens of Huron and Erie coun-
ties, Ohio:
I. Not to restore any State that has rebolled and
warred against the United States until adequate se-
curity has been obtained against future attempts to
secede.
II. Not to allow any distinction on account of color
or descent in the laws or municipal regulations of the
District of Columbia.
III. Proposing several amendments to the Consti-
tution of tho United States: 1. The Union of the
United States of America shall be perpetual. 2. Ex-
cluding all of any class or coioi from repiesentatioa
in any State where such class or color aro excluded
from suffrage. 3. The national faith shall be forever
sacred. 4. Itobel States to bcprohibited from making
distinction in their constitution or laws on account
of color or descent, and no payment to be made by
State or United States for emancipated slaves. 5.
Congress bhull have power to enforce theso aitioles
by appropriate legislation.
By Mr. CULLOM: A petition of more than a hun-
dred citizens ot Logan county, in the Stateot Illinois,
calling upon Congress to provide for the completion
of the ship-canal connecting Lake Erie with Lake
Ontario and the Hudson river: for the enlargement
of tho Illinois and Michigan canal, and the lmpiove-
ment, of tho Illinois river, and for other improve-
ments of national benefit.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The pction of It. A. Gillette,
and 13S othors, citizens of Ravenna, Portage county,
Ohio, praying Congress to pass general laws equaliz-
ing bounties to all who served during the late war,
and who wero honorably discharged; and, in case of
death while in service, to the heirs.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion of sundry soldiers of Beaver county, Pennsyl-
vania, atkinir an increase of pension.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania: Resolutions of
tlioeitizonsol' t tie city of Williamsporl, Pennsylvania,
reraon>tiating against the renew.ii ot the leciprocity
treaty between tho United States and Canada.
Also, a petition of the eiti/.cns of Center county,
Pennsylvania, against ihe renewal of the reciprocity
treaty between Canada and ttie United States.
Also, a petition of non-commissioned officers as hos-
pital stewards in the regular Army of the United States
and detailed as cleiks in the Surgeon General's Bu-
reau of the War Department, praying for the resto-
ration of their just rights and dues, by the payment of
their lawful bounties.
Also, tho petition of Rose A. Cameron, hcir-af-law
of James Bell,deceased, a revolutionary soldier, pray-
ing for relief.
IN SENATE.
Moxday, February 20, 1800.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Kev. E. H. Grat.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Governor
of the State of Virginia, accompanied by a copy
of resolutions of the General Assembly of that
State, in relation to the direct taxes levied in
IStil by the Congress of the United States, and
now being collected in that State ; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
the petition of II. Trowbridge's Sons, mer-
chants of New Hiven, Connecticut, praying
that an American register may be granted to
the bark Golden Fleece; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
