1866.
THE OOTORISSJOSTAL GLOBE.
29'4-S
acfs in addition to and amendatory thereof;''
•which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
fresh-water basin for iron-clads.
Mr. WRIGHT introduced a joint resolution
relative to a fresh-water basin for iron-clads at
Tappan bay, on the Hudson river; which was
read a first and second time and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
steam-tog t. w. hotter.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a bill to change
the name of the steam-tug T. W. Notter, of
Cleveland, Ohio; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
frank lynch.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a bill for the
relief of Lieutenant Colonel Prank Lynch, late
of the twenty-seventh Ohio volunteers ; which
was read a first and second time and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
teiililtory of lincoln.
_Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, introduced a
bill to provide a temporary government over
the Territory of Lincoln; which was read a
first and second time and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
united states cqcjrts.
Mr. FARNSWOBTII introduced a bill to
amend the practice in the United States courts;
which was read a first and second time and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
' tenure of office.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill regulating the
tenure of certain offices ; which was read a first
and second time and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
geological survey of nebraska.
Mr. HITCHCOCK introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the geological survey of the Territory
of Nebraska; wl;ieh was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
public building in nebraska.
_ Mr. HITCHCOCK introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the erection at Nebraska City, in the
Territory of Nebraska, of a building for a post
office, internal revenue offices, and for the hold-
ing of United States courts; which was read a
first and second time and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
_ The call of the States and Territories for
bills and joint resolutions having been com-
pleted, the Speaker stated, as the next business
in order, the culling of the States and Territo-
ries for resolutions, commencing with the State
of Nevada, where the call rested on Monday
last.
paymtn l to indian" tribes.
Mr. BUitLEIGIl submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
liesolond, That the Secretary of tlie Interior he
requested to furnish this House with a full statement
of uH moneys on hand on the 10th day of July, 18G5,
applicable to the support of the various Indian tribes
and for all the purposes connected with the Indian
service; also, the entire amount which has been
expended since that time and up to the 20th day of
Apnl, 18(56, and the objects for which such expendi-
tures hove been made, together with the amount now
on hand applicable to said service under the follow-
in;? heads, also, the amount which has been expended
over and above the appropiiations already made,
namely, pay of superintendents and agents, pay of
sub-agents._pay of temporary clerks by superintend-
ents, pay of interpreters, pay for presents todndians,
pay lor agency buildings and repairs, for contingent
expenses of Indian department, for making treaties
with Indian tribes, for transportation of Indian an-
nuity goods, support of refugee Indians in the south-
ern and middle superintendencies, and amount ex-
pended for support of refugee and other Indians over
and above the amount heretofore appropriated.
public honors to traitors.
The call of the States and Territories for
resolutions having been concluded, theSpeaker
stated, as the next business in order, the con-
sideration of resolutions lying over for one day,
the first in order being the preamble and res-
olution offered last Monday by Mr. Williams.
39IH COJTO. 1ST —So. 185.
The Clerk read the preamble and resolution,
as follows:
Whereas it has been publicly declared by the su-
preme executive authority of this nation, in accord-
ance with the dictates oi sound wisdom, the just in-
stincts of humanity, and the undoubted bi-ntiment
of the people of the loyal States, that treason should
be mado odious and traitors not only disgraced but
impoverished; and whereas it is represented that
while no traitor who has survived the chances of the
battle-field and escaped the retribution due to his
crimes atthe han^s of the loyal soldiers of the North
has been otherwise punished than by the award of
public honors or the remission of disabilities to qual-
ify him for the enjoyment thereof, the memoiies of
the traitor dead have been hallowed and consecrated
by local public entertainments and treasonable utter-
ances m honor of their crime, which have not only
been tolerated by the national authorities, but in
some instances approved by closing the public offices
on the occasion of floral processions to their graves,
while the privilege of paying like honors to the mar-
tyred dead of the armies of the Union who perished
m the holy work of punishing the treason of those
who are thus honored and restoring t.ho Union of
our fathers has been denied to the loyal people of
those communities by the local authorities, with the
connivance or consent of the military or civil agents
of this Government; and whereas the encourage-
ment or toleration of such enormities is of pernicious
and dangerous example, insulting to the living sol-
diers of the Republic as well as to the memories of
the dead, and calculated to make loyalty odious and
treason honorable, and to obstruct, if not entirely
prevent, the growth of sueli a feeling1 as is essential
to any cordial or permanent reunion of these States:
Therefore,
Kesolved, That the President be requested to i n form
this House whether any of the military or civil em-
ployes of this Government, within the State of Geor-
gia or any of the other rebel States, have in anv way
countenanced or assisted in the rendition of public
honors to any of the traitors, either living or (lead,
who have been waging a parricidal war against this
Government, in commemoration of then meat crime,
either by closing their offices on sueli occasions or
making other favorable public demon.-drafionsin con-
nection therewith: and lurther, whetherthe privilege
ot doing like honors to loyalty at the graves of the
Union soldiers who-bavc perished iar from their homes
and kindred has been in any instance obstructed or
denied by the rebel authoiitieswilh the concuueucc
or acquiescence of the officers of this Government.
Mr. WILLIAMS. On that resolution I
demand the previous question.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. Is it in order to call for
a division 011 this preamble and resolution, and
have a separate vote on each?
The SPEAKER. It must bo taken sepa-
rately on the preamble by the rule to be found
on page 137 of the Digest.
Mr. ELDlilDOE. I wish the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams] would spe-
cify precisely what he would like to have done
in order to make treason odious in bis estima-
tion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I would do precisely what
the gentleman from Wisconsin would not.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. What is that, pray?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I suggest that the pre-
amble is merely a recital of facts represented
to have taken place.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
applies first to the resolution, and exhausts
itself thereon. It must be separately moved
on the preamble.
Mr. ItAiTMONR. I rise to suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that inasmuch
as the preamble and resolution embrace what
he has just stated to be the recital of alleged
facts, perhaps it will be wise to allow some
debate upon them in order to know upon what
evidence those facts rest. As far as I am con-
cerned I am entirely ignorant of any facts upon
which to base my action upon the resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will merely say to the
gentleman that it is a question of represen-
tation and not of proof. The resolution has
been spread upon your records, and has been
read by the members of the House during the
past week. Debate cannot throw any addi-
tional light upon it.
Mr. RAYMOND. _ I should like to know
who the persons making these representations
are. I have never heard of any warrant for
these statements cxcept in newspaper para-
graphs.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I will merely answer the
suggestion of the gentleman from New York
by remarking that the facts stated in the pre-
amble were derived from a newspaperpublished
in the city of Augusta, Georgia. ]
Mr. RAYMOND. I desire simply to ask, I
inasmuch as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has stated on what authority these facts stated
are alleged to rest, if it would not be fair to
allow some remarks to the credibility of that
authority or to cite authorities upon the other
side.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The gentleman may state
that these facts are represented by myself as
the author of the resolution if he chooses.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether he personally is prepared to rep-
resent the facts as stated in the preamble.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am prepared to say
that the facts are so represented upon authority
which I believe to be good. In the absence
of other evidence, I am prepared to indorse
the statements in the way of a recital in this
preamble. I renew the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
59, noes 20.
The main question was ordered to be put;
and under the operation thereof the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS demanded the previous
question on agreeing to the preamble.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDIUDGE demanded the yeas and
nays 011 agreeing to the preamble.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 30, not voting
79; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Baldwin,Banks, Baxter, Beaman,
Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Brandejree, Bromwell,
!L\uL-r W. Clarke, Cobb, Conklmg, Culiom, Defrees,
D.xon, Donnelly, Drafts, Eekley, Essleston, Eliot,
iarnswortli.l'Yrry.Gnmiell.AbnerC. Harding,Hayes,
Henderson, Iiisby, Holmes, Hooper, AsahelW. Hub-
brad, James R. Hubbell, Junekes, Julian, Kelley,
Kei-o, Kcicham,L.iflxn,Gcoro:c V.Lawrencc, William
Lawrence, Loan, Lonjrycar. McCiurg, McRuer, Mer-
eur, Miller, Moorhoad, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill,
Ortli, Patterson, Perharn, Pike, Price, John II. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek, Seofiold, IShellabarger,
Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Upson,Van Aernam,Ward.Whaley,Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, Window, aud
Woodbndgo—74.
KAYS --Mepnr?. Aneona, Baker, Boyer, Ooffroth,
Dawson, Lldrukc, Ftnek, Gnder, Hale, Aaron Hard-
ins, Harris, James M. Humphrey, Johnson,Kuyken-
dall. Latham, LeBlond, M<u>hall. MeCullouprh, New-
ell, Niniaok, NiehoLon, Pholps, S-;inucl J. Randall,
Raymond, R.I tor, Rogers, llousse&u,Thornton,Trim-
ble. and V  risent—uU.
NOT VOTiNft — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Am^s, An-
derson, !)elo« R. Ashley, James SI. Ashley, Barker,
Benjamin. Bergen,Blow, Bout\veli,Bioomall, .Buck-
land, Bandy, Chnnler, Sidney Cl<iike, Cook, Culver,
Burling, Davis, Dawes, Delano, Drmins, Denton,
Dodc<e, iMmont, Farquhar, Garfield, Glo^sbrenner,
Goodyear, GiibWoM, Hart, Kill, Hos^m, Hotolikiss,
Chebtei D. Hubbard, Dennis Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Edwin "N". Hubbell, Jlulburd, Jamus Humphrey,
Ingersoll, Jones, KnsbOn. Kerr,L,\ nch, Slaist^n, Mar-
vin, Melndoo, MeKee, Morrill, Moms Noell, Paino,
Plants. Pom^roy, Radlbrd.William H. Randall, Alex-
ander II. Rice, Ro«, Shankliti, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Starr, Stihvell, Strouso, Tabor, Taylor, Thayer, Fran-
cis Thomas, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. "Van Horn,
Warner, EiihuB. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
Willi am B.Washburn, Welker.Wentwouh, and Win-
lield—IK
So the preamble was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ALLISON said: Upon these questions
I am paired with Mr. SrnotvE. 2 should vote
in the affirmative and he would vote in the
negative.
Mr. BAKER said: Not being sufficiently ad-
vised of the truth of all the averments in the
preamble, 4 vote ,;no."
Mr. ANCONA said: My colleague, Mr.
Strouse, is absent on leave and is paired with
Mr. Allison.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to reconsider the
vole by which the preamble and resolution
were agreed to; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
government railroad pitopeiltt.
The next resolution was the following, sub-
mitted by Mr. Kelley on the 28th of May, and
laid over one day under the rule:
lienolvd, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish to tho House of Representatives a sched-
