mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
*tle of all railroad property which was in the pos-
session of the Government 011 May 1,1865, whether
held by right of capture or by purchase, and if by
purchase, stating the cost. Also, what disposition
has been made of such property; if sold, whether for
cash or credit: and if tor credit, under what law or
authority, and whether the purchase money has been
paid, or what steps have been taken to recover it.
Mr. KELLEY called the previous question
upon agreeing to the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
bv which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
purchase and sale of gold and bojfds.
The next resolution lying over under the
rule was the following, submitted by Mr. Wil-
son, of Iowa, on the 28th of May:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to this House how much gold be-
longing to the Government of the United iStates has
been sold since the 1st day of January, 1866, the date
and amount, by whom sold, the compensation allowed
for such sales, and the premium received; also,
whether any gold has been bought for the Treasury
since that date, and if so, the amounts Tind dates of
such purchases, the amount of premium paid, and
who acted as agents in making such purchases: also,
■whether any bonds of the United States have been
bought for the Treasury since that date, the dates
and amounts of such purchases, the amounts paid
for the same, and the character and denomination of
said bonds.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to modify
the resolution. I therefore move to amend
the resolution by striking out after the word
"also" the following:
Whether any bonds of the United States have been
bought for the Treasury since that date, the dates
and amounts of such purchases, the amounts paid
for the same, and the character and denomination
of said bonds.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Whether any bonds of the United States have been
bought or sold for the Treasury since that date, the
dates and amounts of such purchases or sales, the
amounts paid or received for the same, and the char-
acter aud denomination of "aid bonds.
And upon the resolution and amendment I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed
to; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
guarantying 3iexicax bonds.
The next business was the consideration of
the following series of resolutions, submitted
by Mr. Dawson on the 19th of March, and lying
over under the rule:
JCetohed, That the United States cannot guaranty
the bonds of the Mexican or any other Gov eminent
without impairing her own credit and imposing new
burdens upon her people.
Resolved, That the sacred faith of the American
people is pledged to the payment of our public debt,
and that it is unwise to complicate our financial
affairs by the assumption of the obligations of other
countries.
Resolved, That the true policy of the United States
is, m the language of Jlr. Jefferson, "peace, com-
merce, and honest friendship with all nations; en-
tangling alliances with none."
Mr. DAWSON. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ORTH. I would suggest to my colleague
on the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Daw-
son] that these resolutions better be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. DAWSON. I think it is a very plain
proposition, and therefore must insist upon my
call for the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope my colleague will
let those resolutions lie over for one week.
There does not seem to be any necessity for
their passage at this time.
Mr. DAWSON. I would be very willing to
have these resolutions lay over were it not that
I am anxious to test the sense of the House
upon them. If they go over they will very
likely be postponed till the close of the session,
and we would have no vote upon them at all.
I must therefore insist upon the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I hope the previous
question will not be seconded.
Thu question was taken upon seconding the
call for the previous question; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 30, noes 57; no quorum
voting.
Mr. DAWSON. It being manifest that a
majority of the House are opposed to voting
upon these resolutions without some discus-
sion, I will yield to that feeling, and withdraw
the call for the previous question upon the
adoption of the resolutions, and move now to
refer the resolutions to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs; and upon that motion I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was on agree-
ing to the motion to refer.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Upon
that motion I ask for the yeas and Bays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to refer the resolutions to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs was agreed to.
agricultural reports op 1864.
The next resolution lying over under the
rule was the following, submitted by Mr. Mil-
ler on the 19th of March:
Whereas it is alleged that twenty-five thousand
less copies of the Agricultural Reports of 1861 have
been printed than those of previous years; and
whereas the type has not yet been distributed:
Therefore,
Resolved. That the Committee on Printing be, and
are hereby, authorized and required to inquire into
the^ expediency of ordering twenty-five thousand
copies of the Agricultural Reports of 18(54, and report
accordingly.
Mr. LAFLIN. If I understand this resolu-
tion it is simply a resolution of inquiry. I see
no objection to its adoption.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted: and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
transit from tiie west to the atlantic.
The next resolution was the following, sub-
mitted on the 2d of April by Mr. Raymond,
which, debate arising thereon, had been laid
over under the lules:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,; That a commission of tive persons
be appointed by the President of the United States
to consider and report to Congress at its next session
upon the nece^ity of some more speedy, cheap, and
reliable means of transportation between the west-
ern States and the Atlantic sea-board; and to submit
some plan, whether by law or treaty, whereby the
national Government can aid in providing for said
necessity if it shall be found to exist: Provided, That
said commissioners shall receive no compensation for
their services ~.nd no payment of any kind except
for such traveling expenses as they may actuaily
incur in discharging the duties imposed upon them
by this resolution.
Mr. RAYMOND. I suggest that this reso-
lution be laid over informally under the rules.
The SPEAKER.* That will be done if there,
be no objection. The resolution will again be
reached when the call of States and Territories
has been concluded.
There being no objection, the resolution was
laid over informally.
frauds upon* the revenue.
The next resolution was the following, sub-
mitted on the 23d of April by Mr. Hioby;
which, debate arising thereon, had been laid
over under the rules;
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expendi-
, tures be instructed to investigate the compromises
• of frauds upon the revenue which are alleged to have
j taken place in connection with the custom-house at
! Boston and to ascertain what disposition lias been
! made of the moneys paid under such compiomise«;
also, to investigate such other alleged frauds upon
the customs or internal revenue as they may deem
advisable, and whether any vexatioussuits have been
commenced against importers and others brought or
instigated by any person or persons connected with
the customs or internal revenue service in the cities
of Boston or New York; and that the committee be
authorized to send for persons and papers: and if, in
their judgment, it shall be necessary and most eco-
nomical to take testimony in Boston or Hew Y ork by
sueh members of the committee as they may desig-
nate, not exceeding five in number, such designated
members of the committee may have leave to sit
during the recess of Congress for the purpose of such
investigation, and with the aforesaid powers and
authority.
The SPEAKER. Another resolution cov-
ering the same object as this was subsequently
introduced by the gentleman from California
[Mr. Hiqby] under a suspension of the rules,
and was adopted. If there is no objection, this
resolution will be considered as laid upon the
table.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order the call of States and Territories
in inverse order for the introduction of resolu-
tions and bills on leave.
new executive mansion.
Mr. NIBLACK submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be instructed to inquire into the propriety and expe-
diency of making provision for the erection of a new
Executive Mansion for the use of the President of the
United States, and case it shall be so found proper
and expedient, then that said committee be further
instructed to inquire into the expediency of setting
apart the present Executive Mansion for the use of
the State Department, and to report by bill or other-
wise. g
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered : and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. NIBLACK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william ii. rick1iart.
Mr. DEFREES introduced a bill authorizing
the payment of bounty due to Sergeant William
H. liickhart, a discharged soldier of the twen-
tieth Indiana Veteran volunteers; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Atfairs.
recognition of fenian belligerency.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, on which he demanded the
previous question:
Resolved, That whereas the recent successes which
have attended the demonstrations of the Fenian
organization, with the avowed purpose.of libeiating
Ireland from the oppressive rule of Great Britain,
according to the laws of nations as interpreted by
the British authorities, entitle said Fenian organiza-
tion to be regarded with respect and as entitled to
the rights of belligerents [laughter,] that the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs be requested to inquire
into the propriety of recommending such action as
may be proper to secure that object.
Mr. ROGERS. Is this l'esolution debatable?
TheSPEA*KER. Itisnot. The gentleman
from Ohio has demanded the previous question.
Mr. ROGERS. Well, I hope the resolution
will be adopted.
The previous question was not seconded;
there being—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
Mr. BllANDEGEE. I rise to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Debate arising, the reso-
| lution goes over under the rule.
clerk to a committee.
Mr. PHELPS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, add
agreed to:
Resolved, That the resolution of this House pro-
viding for the employment of a clerk by the Com-
mittee on the Militia be, and the same is hereby
rescinded.
mempiits riot.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, moved
that the usual number of copies of the report
of Major General Stoneinan in reference to
the Memphis riot be printed for the use of the
House; which, under the law, was referied to
the Committee on Printing.
MTLEAGE.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following
preamble arid resolutions, on which he de-
manded the previous question:
Whereas the compensation to members of Con-
gress for mileage was fixed at a time when Uio 'lis-
