1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
done them. They could not have foreseen the
extent of this additional work. They may
have supposed the designers of these vessels
understood their business and had made the
designs carefully, and that the alterations
would be but small and immaterial. An alter-
ation that would cost an additional $500,000
certainly was not within the contemplation of
any contractor, because it never should have
been allowed by a Department that understood
its business in relation to the building of ves-
b~Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. GUTHRIE. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think there is force
in his suggestion so far as regards ordinary
contracts: but I think it is due to the Depart-
ment to say, as is stated in this report, that the
building of these ships was to some extent and
almost altogether in this country an experi-
ment, and the Department had to avail itself
of all possible experience, and as improve-
ments were found necessary they had to be
made. Therefore I suggest to the Senator that
it is not like the construction of a ship upon
old plans, and I have not been able to see that
even in the case to which he refers the Depart-
ment was in fault.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, every spe-
cial case that appeals to the Treasury, has its
placebo, its excuse for failure. The building
of iron vessels was no new thing—no new thing
in America, no new thing in Europe. We are
not to suppose that our officers made the plans
without information as to how far the science
had progressed in other countries. I do not
impeach them with any such want of judgment
and skill as to suppose that they went on blun-
dering ignorantly without knowi.-.g what had
been done in other countries.
I have no question in my own mind that
most of these men have lost money ; I think
they have lost money, principally because of
the alterations that were made ; and I should
be glad to have some criterion devised upon
which I could vote for settling their bills, so
that we might be done with them.
The difficulty I have is in coming up to the
point that this Government is to establish now
and forever the principle that no man who con-
tracts with it is to lose, and that it is to act
upon the principle hereafter that the contract
price is not to be the rule of compensation.
If the contractors then swell the cost of work
that they have undertaken to perform, it is
nothing to them. They will not care how
high wages go, for Unelc Sam is to pay.
I will not agree to establish that principle;
but still these men have suffered by the change
of plans and the additional time required to do
the original work, throwing them into more
expensive times. I would be willing to furnish
a criterion of compensation if I know what it
was. The chairman of the Naval Committee
seems to fix: upon twelve per cent.; the Senator
from Nevada fixes it' at fifteen per cent. I
should like to have these bills settled at the one
or the other, and that we should be done with
them; but I beg you, gentlemen, not to establish
the principle that a contractor with the Govern-
ment is never to lose, let his work cost him
what it will. Such a rule would not do in pri-
•vatelire among individual citizens. In extraor-
dinary cases of hardship or of difficulty, indi-
viduals, who are able to do so, compensate the
contractor beyond the contract price. That'is
an appeal to his own sense of equity and justice
on account of the misfortune of the man who
has made the contract. But when we come to
make general rules and declare the general
principle that we are to compensate all these
men, we take from them their interest in the
result of their work and we are to pay the bills.
Allusion has been made to the depreciation
ot' the currency, and that is urged as an argu-
ment in fih'or of this bill. Why, sir, there is
no intelligent man but what takes thatinto con-
sideration in uiakingaconliact. He estimates
the cost and the hazards that he will incur. All
those things are within his contemplation at
the time. If you are going to make compen-
sation for the difference between the contract
price and the value of the money when it was
paid, to all the soldiers who received your pay,
to all the officials to whom you paid salaries,
and to all the contractors who contracted to
deliver to you on time all the supplies for the
Army and Navy that have enabled this coun-
try to carry on the most stupendous war that
has happened in our time, or that I hope ever
will happen on the continent of America, it
will be an endless and ruinous job, and you will
never be done settling the cost of this war.
. I do not wish to set up my judgment against
the judgment of anybody. If ^ is the sense
of the Senate that it should extend its hand to
relieve the calamities of the contractors who
have failed, be it so; but I have seen enough
of this case to see that some of these parties
have failed in the construction of precisely the
same class of vessels in regard to which other
parties have made no complaint, thus showing
that the failure in the one case was owing to
the want of skill and knowledge of the con-
tractor and not to any fault of the Government.
There is no period in the history of the nation,
when you are carrying on a great war or great
constructions and improvements, that this same
thing will not happen—some will fail while
others make money.
I felt bound to say this much on these few
points. I am not willing to establish the rule
that we will compensate every contractor for
the cost of the work that he contracts to do,
or that we will take into consideration the dif-
ference in the value of money and the value of
labor during the whole period of the contract;
but still, wherever the loss has been occasioned
by the action of the Government in delaying
the specifications or requiring additional work
that could not have been fairly calculated upon
when the contract was made, I think there is
ground for equitable compensation, and 1 feel
willing and ready to vote for it.
Mr. GRIMES. I only rise to set the Sena-
tor from Kentucky right in regard to one thing.
I think, in the first place, that he is mistaken
in supposing that so many of these cases are
predicated upon the loss that has been sus-
tained by the contractors in consequence of
alterations made by the Navy Department.
But the inference would be drawn from what ;
he lias said that the conduct of the Navy i
Depaitment in the construction of these \es- j
sels was rather of a blundering character, and
that they ought not to have directed changes
to be made; and he says that these are not the
first iron vessels that have been built; that
they have been built before. That is true.
Iron vessels have been built before; but no
such vessels as we have built have been built
before : and almost all of the attachments to
these vessels have been compelled, necessarily,
to be altogether of a different character from
what was before known. In the first place, it
required a great deal of time and ingenuity
and a great, many experiments in order to
determine which was the best character of a
rudder to apply to these monitors. Then there
were constant changes made in order to ob-
viate the defects which were found to exist in
the original Monitor, so as to prevent the great
overhanging which was doubtless the cause of
the sinking of the original Monitor. Then it
was exceedingly difficult to arrange the com-
pass, and many experiments were made and
considerable delay occasioned in consequence
of the variation caused by the action of the
iron on the deck of the vessel upon the com-
pass. They finally devised a way of raising
the compass on a high staff and having a card
on which it could be read down in front.
If the Senator will go with me down here
to the navy-yard I will show him two mon-
itors, one of which was built in 1862, and
another one built recently, the Tonawanda,
and he would hardly suppose that the original
Monitor that was built in 1862 was the pro-
totype and original of the perfect vessel that
is now lying at the wharf. These changes
have been going on gradually. Every battle
that has been fought, every storm that they
have encountered, every experienced and capa-
ble man who has commanded one of them
has made some suggestive changes, and where
those changes have met the approval of the
proper advising officers of the Navy Depart-
ment, although a vessel might be upon the
stocks, availing themselves of the clause in
the contracts which authorized them to change
the specifications of the contract, they have
done so. Manifestly it was the interest and
the duty of the Government to make such
changes. I am happy to be able to say, and I
think the Senator will concur with me if he
has consulted with any naval gentlemen and
entertains the same opinion with them, I am
happy in being able to say, what is my own
honest conviction, that we have to-day the
most perfect iron vessels in the world; and
they have all sprung out of a defective original
vessel, and all been perfected through these
changes which have been gradually going on
in these various ship-yards, either private ship-
yards or our own.
I rose, Mr. President, not for the purpose of
controverting or entering into a discussion of
the merits of this proposition, but simply not
to let it be inferred that I acquiesced in what
might possibly be drawn as a conclusion from
the Senator's remarks, that I believed there
had been any improper blundering in regard to
these iron-clads. I know that the Navy De-
partment have made mistakes, I know they
made most egregious mistakes in regard to one
class of vessels not included in this bill. Iam
not here to defend those mistakes; but I am
here to defend every improvement and change
that has been made toward making a perfect
ship-of-war, which I think we have done.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am happy
to agree with the Senator from Kentucky in the
fundamental principle which he has laid down
and developed so clearly. I agree with him
that by no legislation of ours must we recog-
nize the principle that contractors with the
Government may never lose. The Senator
cannot state that proposition too strongly. But
I part company with him when he undertakes
to apply the proposition to the present case.
We agree on the proposition; we disagree on
the application.
Had these contracts been in a period of peace,
then there would have been occasion for the
application of the proposition of the Senator;
but'they were not in a period of peace; they
were in a period of war. The Senator himself
has characterized the war as perhaps the great-
est in all history. If they were not precisely
in a period of war, they were in those early
days which were theheralds of war. The prac-
tical question for us as legislators is, whether
we can shutour eyes to that condition of things.
The times were exceptional; and surely tho
remedy must be exceptional also.
I have said, had it been a moment of peace,
then the Senator from Kentucky would be right,
and we should not be justified in exercising the
influence which we have over the public Treas-
ury in opening it for the relief of these con-
tractors. But, sir, war is a great disturbing
force. What force in human society, what force
in business, is more disturbing? Wherever it
goes it not only carries with it death and de-
struction, but the derangement of business, the
change of pursuits, the interference with the
currency, and generally the dislocation of the
common relations of life. You cannot be blind
to such a condition of things. You must not
shut your eyes to its consequences. If you do
so you cannot do justice to the ease that is
now before you.
I repeat, therefore, did these contracts grow
out of a period of peace I should not be here
now to advocate them ; but it is because they
grow out of a period of war that I insist that
those who have suffered by them shall enjoy
that same justice which we are making haste
to accord to all who have contributed^ to our
success in that terrible war. Why, sir, how
often «o wo plead in this Chamber for justice
to all who have contributed to our success I It
