1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
sion with the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Co was] to say the other day that these confeder-
ate States did not proceed under the old organi-
zation, thcorgauizatiou that was in force previ-
ous to the war. TheStateofArkansasdid. They
took up the old constitution and proceeded just
as if all the old officers had died with disease.
I have before me the action of that convention.
They proceeded to amend the old constitution.
The first amendment declares the ordinance of
secession and all laws and proceedings under
it to be null and void. The second amendment
repudiates the confederate debt and prohibits
the assumption or payment of any part of it.
The third amendment prohibits slavery. The
fourth amendment secures to all men civil
rights, making no distinction of color. Under
the old constitution these rights were secured
to "freemen." They struck out the word
"free," making all men in the Slate of Arkan-
sas equal before the law. They prohibited
slavery. They prohibited apprenticeship be-
yond the ago of twenty-one as to males, and
beyond the age of eighteen as to females.
The convention elected a Governor to serve
until the next annual election, and elected as
Governor the man who at the first secession con-
vention opposed, and with others defeated, the
ordinance of secession, and who in the second
convention, when threatened with death by an
Arkansas pro-slavery convention, had the cour-
age to vote aloneagainst the ordinance of seces-
sion. The constitution so amended was sub-
mitted to the loyal people of that State and
carried by a majority of twelve thousand loyal
votes. A Legislature was called, and that Legis-
lature elected Judge Baxter as one of the
Senators whose credentials I now propose to
refer—a man who lied the State at the earliest
moment of secession, returned with the Army
of the United States, was taken prisoner and
confined in the penitentiary of the Stale of
Arkansas for four long months for "his loyalty
to his Government, and was released by the
intervention of a loyal lady, and thus saved
from a cruel death. .Judge Baxter, after his
escape from the penitentiary, raised a loyal
regiment, and commanded it until he was
elected by the loyal men of Arkansas a judge
of t he supreme court of the State.
Another Legislature was selected, and still
another, by whom Mr. Snow, the other Senator
whose credentials [propose to refer, was chosen,
lie published fourteen years ago at the city of
Rochester, perhaps the Senator from New York
will remember, the .Rochester Tribune, a Re-
publican paper, lie published it. for two years,
lie has been an anti-slavery man of fourteen
years' standing, lie is the colleague of Mr.
Baxter. I now send to the Clerk's desk the
test that the Arkansas Legislature submitted
to Mr. Snow previous to his election, and his
answers, and the oath which he subscribed, aud
1 ask that (he Clerk read the document.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The paper
will be read, if (here be no objection. •
The Secretary read, as follows:
IicxolvJ, That whor^ns if devolves upon the Gen-
eral Assembly of ihis Shite to fill the vacancies now
oxist'iu? in tlx1 Federal Conere«s by the election of
two UnitedSiate* Senator.*, and thatthis IIouso, t'eci-
ine: i he deep importance o('t he duty j-'o devolving upon
them, dc-ire that the mo^t fit person* be selected to
fill such VHcaneie*. ami behoving that patriotism,
honeM v, and capacity are the only ineaisui ei by which
such fitne^eau be trulv judged • Therefore.
]$? it lyvotvpti. Thai ar>\ pen-on who may or shall offer
himseli a-> a candidate lortho suffrage:* of this House
for the p<>-itnni «>f l*ml"d States Senator, must, prior
to froitii,' into fhe election of United States Senators,
file with the elei k of this House a plain and unequiv-
ocal an-worlo the followiner questions, and also take
and subletibe the le^t oath prescribed for United
States Senators, and that such oath and such ques-
tionsshall be subscribedundsworatobeforethcclcrk
of this Iiou^e:
1. Have you over taken an oath to support the
constitution oi the confederate States; if you have,
tmder what circumstances?
I^To.
2. Have you ever signed anv petition or paper,
requesting any convention, body, legislature, or as-
semblage of citizens, to authoi ize or l equost them, to
authorize tliCTp. to transfer the State of Arlcan^a« from
the Federal Union, or to acknowledge ihe ri<?ht of
secession from said Inderal Union by said Arkansas,
or to request said body, assomblago, convention, or
legislature, to pass any act or resolution of feecession;
or if whon passed, did you indorse such procedure;
if so, under what circumstances?
No.  
3. Have you ever held any elective or military ouice
in this State since the supposed act of secession of the
State of Arkansas; if so, what was such office?
No..
4. Have you ever aided or abetted, directly or in-
directly, the secession of the State of Arkansas from
the Federal Union?
no- test oath.
I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I have never
voluntarily borne arms against the United States since
I have been a citizen thereof; thatlhavevoluntarily
given no aid, countcnance,counsel, or encouragement
to persons engaged in armed hostility thereto; that I
have neither sought nor accepted, nor attempted to
exercise the functions of any office whatever under
any authority, or pretended authority, in hostility to
the United States; that I have not yielded a voluntary
support to any pretended government, authority,
power, or constitution within the United States hos-
tile or inimical thereto.
And 1 do further swear (or affirm) that, to the best
of my knowledge and ability, I will support and de-
fend the Constitution of the United States against all
enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true
faith and allcgiance to the same; that X take this ob-
ligation freely, without any mental reservation or
purposo of ovasion; and that I will faithfully dis-
charge the duties of the oflieo on which I am about
to enter. So help me God.
AVILLIAM D. SNOW.
Sworn and subscribed before me, this 1st day of
May, 1861. JOHN W. MOORK,
Clrrk of the House of Representatives.
Mr. LANK, of Kansas. While the Senator
from Maine was speaking the other day, some
Senator remarked that the credentials of the
Senators seeking admission here from the se-
ceded States wore signed by provisional gov-
ernors appointed by the President. That ob-
jection does not lie to these gentlemen. The
Governor of the State of Arkansas, who signs
these credentials, was elected by the loyal men
of Arkansas, as I hare before remarked. They
have maintained their State government for
over two years. From the information which I
reccive from others, I feel authorized to declare
that the situation of the State of Arkansas to-
day is as peaceable and quiet as any other
State in the Union. They have repudiated
the rebel debt; tlu?y have abolished slavery;
they have restricted apprenticeship; they have
placed all men on a footing of equality before
the law, with a single exception. The black
man stands on precisely the same platform
with the white in all respects, except that he
is not entitled to the right of suffrage.
Mr. President, there arc dark clouds in the
horizon of the great Union party of this coun-
try and of the country itsell. It has been my
pride and pleasure steadily and sternly to vote
with the representatives of that party upon this
floor since 1 have had a seat here. It will still
be my pride and pleasure to do so; but I de-
sire to state here to those Senators that in my
judgment, unless they without delay admit, the
loyal representatives of the seceded States
Ihev make the greatest mistake that has ever
been made by men. Hereafter, every resolu-
tion, every bill, every measure of any nature
that in my judgment looks to a postponement
of the admission of those Senators upon this
floor will meet with my unflinching opposition.
I want the clouds which now hang ov« us to
be dissipated and to disappear. They will he
dissipated and they will disappear if you admit
upon this floor without delay the loyal repre-
sentatives from these States, and I am for ad-
mitting none other.
Mr. CLARK. The motion is to take from
the files and refer, I think.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
motion.
Mr. CLARIv. I call for a division of the
question, so that we can take the motion sepa-
rat ely.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is susceptible of division in the opinion of
the Chair. The first question will be, Shall
these credentials be taken from the files of the
Senate ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand that the
credentials were presented at a former session,
and are now not in the custody of the Senate.
I presume there can be no objection to the
Senator from Kansas withdrawing those cre-
dentials from the files and presenting them to
the Senate. I do not suppose there will he
any objection to that.
Mr. CONNESS. That is not what the Sen-
ator from Kansas wants.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To that portion of his
motion I apprehend there is no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is that the Senator from Kansas be author-
ized to take these credentials from the files of
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I now move, in order to place
these credentials in the same place where others
from the disloyal States are placed, that they
be laid on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If my friend will allow
me, I desire to read what was done with these
credentials at the last session, before that motion
is put.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly I will, if I do not
lose precedence by it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will renew the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to lay on the table is withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will renew the motion
as soon as I have read the action taken at the
last session of the Senate in regard to these
credentials. The Arkansas case was before
Congress at a former session, and a report was
made in reference to the very constitution of
which the Senator now speaks by the Judiciary
Committee, concluding with the following res-
olution :
"Resolved, That William M. Fisbback and Elisha
Baxter are not entitled to seats as Senators from the
State of Arkansas."
That resolution was adopted by the Senate
at the session before the last. Subsequently the
credentials of Mr. Snow were presented at the
special session after the 4th of March last; and
the Committee on the Judiciary made the fol-
lowing report:
" The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom were
referred the credentials of William 1). Snow, claim-
ing to have been elected a Senator from the State of
Arkansas for six years from the 4th of March instant,
report: , .
That in the yearl8Gl tho constituted authorities
of the State of Arkansas undertook to withdraw that
State from the Union, and so far succeeded in the
attempt as by forco of arms to expel from the State
for a time the authority of the United States, and set
up a government in hostility thereto, and, in pursu-
ance of an act of Congress, the inhabitants of said
State have since been declared to bo in a state of in-
surrection against the United States. The committee
therefore recommend that the question of the admis-
sion of Mr. Snow to a seat be postponed to the next
session of Congress, and until Congress shall tako
action in regard to the recognition of the alleged
existing State government in Arkansas."
Congress having taken no definite action, but
having referred to a joint committee of both
Houses the question of the recognition of the
existing State government in Arkansas, it would
manifestly be improper to take any action, ac-
cording to the opinion of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, which investigated this subject at the
special session, until we shall have a report from
that committee and action in regard to recog-
nizing the State government which has been
set up in Arkansas. Hence it can do no good,
I would inform the Senator from Kansas, to
refer these credentials to the Committee on the
Judiciary, because the Committee on the Judi-
ciary unanimously reported a resolution, and the
Senate adopted that resolution, that reaction
ought to be taken in regard to admitting Mr.
Snow until Congress determined upon the or-
ganization which had been set up in the State
of Arkansas, which Congress is now proceed-
ing to do through a joint committee. I there-
fore renew the motion that these credentials lie
upon the tabic to await the action of that com-
mittee, which we shall speedily have, I have no
doubt.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moves that these credentials
be laid upon the table, and that motion is not
debatable.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I rise to a point of
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator will state his point of order.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I moved to take
