1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
these credentials from the files and refer them
to the Committee on the Judiciary. My hon-
orable friend from New Hampshire asked for j
a division of the question. The first part of
the motion has been put and decided favorably.
Now, the point of order I make is this: has a
motion to lay upon the table preference over a
motion to refer to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ? I desire to remark to the Senator from
Illinois that the Committee on the Judiciary is
not now composed of the same members as at
the last session, and if it was, there is a possi-
bility that there might be such a thing as a
change of opinion; there is such a thing as
opening of eyes. I do not know how great the
change is, but I know there are several new
members upon the Committee on the Judiciary
at this session. The question I submit for the
decision of the Chair is, has the motion to lay
upon the table (which is not a favored motion)
preference over a motion to refer?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the opin-
ion of the Chair, the motion to lay upon the
table does take precedence of a motion to com-
mit, under the 11th rule of the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Then I have no other
recourse but to ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion, and I hope it will be defeated. I
desire these credentials to go to the Committee
on the Judiciary for reexamination and rein-
vestigation. I do not propose, so far as I am
concerned, that the concurrent resolution now
pending shall be a barrier against the reception
of these men on this floor.
Mr. WADE. I call the gentleman to order.
This motion is not debatable, as I understand.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The motion
to lay upon the table is not debatable; but the
Senator rises to a point of order, stating the
question of order to be as to the precedenfic of
a motion to refer over a motion to lay upon the
table.
Mr. WADE. That has been decided.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
decides that the motion to lay on the table takes
precedence, and on that motion the Senator
from Kansas calls for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DA"VTS. I suggest as a question of
order whether that motion be in order, and I
will make a siugle remark upon that point. I
hold that this is a question of privilege.
Mr. CLARK. 1 feel disposed, though with
rcluctanee, to call the Senator from Kentucky
to order. A point of order is not debatable.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to state my point of
order.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to that;
but I object to a debate upon it.
Mr. DAVIS. My point of order is this: that
a question relating to the organization of the
Senate is a question of privilege; that a ques-
tion involving the rights of a member-elect of
the Senate is a question of privilege and is
always in order, and when the question is made,
as I read the rule, it is the duty of the Chair to
put that question, if it be a question of privi-
lege, in preference to all others. I will read
an extract from the last edition of Barclay's
Digest on this subject:
" A matter of privilege arising out of any ques-
tion, or from a quarrel between members, or any other
cause, supersedes the consideration of the Question,
and must he first disposed of."—Manual, p. 101.
"[According to the practice, not finally disposed 01;
but the House shall proceed to such immediate meas-
ures as it may think proper.]
"Whenever the Speaker is of the opinion that a
question of privilege is involved in a proposition, no
must entertain it m preference to any other busi-
ness."
Mr. CLARK. I must insist on my point of
order that a point of order cannot be debated
by citing authorities. It is a question to be
decided without debate by the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the gentleman's point
of order is not made competently. I think it
is always in order to read the authorities.
Mr. CLARK. I again call the Senator to
order. It is not in order for a Senator to
debate itiv point ot order. It must be decided by
the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. I call the gentleman to order.
[Laughter.] He has no right to be making
these captious points of order on me.
The PRESIDENT j?ro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky makes a point of order that
it is not competent for the Senate, as the Chair
understands, to lay these credentials upon the
table,.it being a question of privilege or a priv-
ileged question. '
Sir. DAVIS. This is my point of order:
that where a motion is made to have a mem-
ber of this body qualified, the President of the
body is bound by parliamentary law to enter-
tain that motion in preference to all other mo-
tions, and any motion strictly incidental to that
would of course also have preference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no question but that there is a difference be-
tween a question of privilege and a privileged
question and other questions, but, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, no such question arises here.
This question, whether it be a question of priv-
ilege, or a privileged question, or whatever may
be its character, is properly before the body,
and being before the body, it is competent for
a majority of the body to make such disposition
of it as they choose. They are not bound,
because it is a question of privilege, to proceed
to its immediate consideration. They may lay
it on the table, refer it, or debate it. The mo-
tion now is to lay these credentials on the table,
which it is clearly in the power of the Senate
to do, if they think proper. If they think proper
not to do it, it is clearly competent for them to
do otherwise. The question, however, now is
upon laying these credentials on the table, and
upon that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conness, Cragin. Creswell,Fessenden, Foster,Grimes,
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane
of Indiana, Morrill, N>e, Poland, Poineroy, Itam-
sey, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Buclcalew, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Doolittle, Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson,LaneofKan-
! sas, Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Stewart, Stockton, andVan Winkle—17.
ABSENT—Messrs.Foot, McDougall, Sprague, and
Wright—4.
So the credentials were laid upon the table.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now move that the
Senators-elect from the State of Arkansas be
permitted to take seats within this Chamber;
and, in making the motion, I desire to state
that I am informed there arc bills now pending
before Congress affecting the material interests
of the State of Arkansas to a tremendous ex-
tent, disposing of the railroad grants of that
State, and it is of the highest _ importance that
they should be in communication with members
of Congress. I therefore move that Mr. Bax-
ter and Mr. Snow be admitted to seats on the
floor of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
and seconded that the Senators-elect from the
State of Arkansas be admitted to seats on the
floor of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I move that that motion be
laid on the table.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. On that I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The veas and navs were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We admitted the
Senators-elect from the State of Colorado only
last week. ["Order!" '• Order!'']
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is
not in order. The motion to lay on the table
is not debatable.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desired to make a
statement.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 18: as follows:
YEAS—Me^sis. Anthony. Brown, Chandler. Clark,
Conner. Cr.iscin, Creswell, Fessenden, 1<oster,Grimes,
Harris,, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane
of Indian,!, Morrill, Nve, Poland. Kamsev, Sherman
Funnier. .Trumbull, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and
1 NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cowan, Davis, Pijon,
Doolittle, Guthrie, llendiiefo, Johnson, Laneoi Kan-
sas, Morgan, Nesmith. Norton. Riddle, Saulsbury,
Stewart, Stockton, Van Winkle, and W llley—is.
ABSENT — Messrs. Foot, McDougall, Poineroy,
Spragus, and Wr right—5.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. POLAND, it was
Ordered, That Reuben Clough have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
MESSAGE BUOM THE HOUSE.
A .message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bill and joint resolution, in Whieh
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 283) to exempt the Get-
tysburg national monument from imposts and
charges; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 76) authorizing
the Secretary of War to transfer to the National
Home for Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans, of
Washington city, certain stores not needed for
the Government.
REPRESENTATION OF SOUTHERN STATES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty of
the Chair to call up the unfinished business of
Friday, which is the concurrent resolution of
the House of Representatives relative to the
representation of certain States, upon which
the Senator from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN proceeded to address the
Senate. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix. ]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion before the Senate is on the adoption of
the resolution. Is the Senate ready for the
question?
Mr. DIXON. I desire to speak upon this
resolution, but I supposed the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. Nte] intended to address the
Senate this afternoon. Unless the Senator
from Nevada desires to speak upon it to-day,
I shall ask the Senate to postpone the further
consideration of the resolution until to-morrow.
Several .Sexatoks. Oh, no; let us have a
vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the
Senator from Connecticut make a motion to
postpone?
Mr. DIXON. Yes, sir. I move that the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there are other
Senators who desire to say something on this
resolution, and probably some of them are pre-
pared to go on to-day.
Mr. DIXON. If so, I will withdraw my
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Con-
necticut is not ready to go on. perhaps my
friend from Nevada is ready to proceed.
Mr. DIXON. I understand the Senator from
Nevada has the floor on another subject, and
perhaps he will go on this afternoon on that
subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like very much
to know if there are any other Senators who
desire to speak on the subject before the vote
is taken. If there are, we may as well proceed
■with it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise, in answer to the
question propounded by the honorable member
from Maine, to say that I do desire to address
the Senate on some of the questions which have
been discussed on this resolution. I am not
prepared to do so to-day, but will be prepared
after the Senator from Connecticut shall have
addressed the Senate, as he proposes to do to-
morrow. I need not say to the Senate that in
whatever I shall say it will not be my aim to
delay the decision on the resolution, i am as
anxious that it should be disposed of as any
Senator can be. I only wish to state the rea-
sons why I shall bo unable to vote for it, and
that I shall endeavor to do without unnecessa-
rily trespassing upon the patience oi the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to be
pertinacious, and it would not perhaps become
mo to be so, after making so long a speech upon
tliis question as I did 011 1'riday, out I jwsh to
say that if this question is to drizzle along m
the way that the argument upon the proposed
amendment to the Constitution has dono, wq
