2948
THE 00N(xJtESSKXN"AL GLOBE.
J une 4,
changing its organization or adding to the num-
ber of its members, and in this way securing a
majority to pronouncc the right oi the States
to retire from the Union. Under cover of this
decision the southern States may again pass
their ordinances of secession, organize a pro-
visional government, and elefit the retiring
President of the United States president of the
rebel government. Let the treacherous Con-
gress go one step further, and allow the people
of this District to decide with which govern-
ment they will cast their Tot. Let the traitor-
ous court make one more decision in a manu-
factured case and declare this action of Con-
gress and the people of this District^ valid.
This done, and you find before the arrival of
the day for the inauguration of the President-
elect of the United States the Republic dis-
solved by decree of court, a new Government
in possession of your capital, and ruin and
anarchy apportioned to your people.
This'is disunion made easy ; and yet it is not
more unlikely to happen, if you once acknowl-
edge the right of the courts to pass upon the
great question of national unity, than was the
recent gigantic rebellion. Once admit that the
right of a State to secede from the Union is
a debatable question to be determined by the
courts, and you will have done more toward
the destruction of this Government than was
ever done by armed treason on the field of
battle. Let this power be conceded to the
courts, and to them will traitors hereafter di-
rect tlieir corps of sappers and miners for the
destruction of the Government. No need of
armies will traitors feel if judges can do this
work. In the solemn stillness of the hall of j
the Supreme Court may that dread work then
be done which could not be accomplished amid
the most terrific thunders of the recent awful
struggle between treason and the Republic.
The bia<ek go'-vn may be more potent than the
gray uniform. The manuscript of a judge may
most fearfully demonstrate the saying that the
pen is mightier than the sword.
Mr. Speaker, I do not charge the President
with a purpose to bring upon the nation the
evils which mu^t inevitably follow a practical
application of the doctrine of his message to
the affair^ of the country. He evidently ex-
pect= but one result, a denial of the right of a
State of its own will to renounce its place in
the Union. The danger does not lie in the
intention of the President but in the doctrine
itself. Calhoun did not regard his theory of
State rights as one which would end in war
whenever a State should attempt to put it in
practice. V-'o know how fearfully he was mis-
taken. Four years of desolating war, three
hundred thousand graves of loyal men. hun-
dreds of thousand:: of widows and orphans,
untold numbers of deso'.ate hearth circles, sor-
rows and heart pangs which can only be made
known by the unfoldings of that day which
shall number the crimes and woes of the human
race, all stand as witnesses now, or will, in
the coming rimes, of the wickedness which
lurked in the theory of Calhoun. His theory
provided the rallying point for that band of con-
spiratois and ivci.-.y of traitors which covered
this land with the voes of war. His criminal-
ity is measured by ihe direful results of his
teachings, and not by his intentions. Ilisthe-
ory v.T:- ■! a M:ate po^sesso; the right to
peaceful*}" : fi ran the Union. He asserted
the right and did not seem to realize that if it
should be ;v: r 1 a ■ i-sue joined could only
bo ,ried bv the ti'bnnal of war. His disciples
ai'irmed it. It v.-a da-nuted. The issue was
tri"d bv armies and rc.-clvcd in favor of the
ind''-;rdab!e unity of the Republic. Shall we
now pr.-m.i "a appeal from this decision to the
co11',s (-the nation ? Is not the question set-
iie:' > V/here is thi s thing to end? When shali
we know that we are a nation?
S>r. in the siurge-tion of the President., that
tin-' question can go to the courts, luiks all of
the mischief which resulted from the theory of
Calhoun. It will form the central idea around
wlneh cleh-ated rebels will rally in the future.
However pure the President's, intensions may
have been when he penned the passage to
which I have referred, he has officially an-
nounced an idea which portends a tioublous
future unless we now erect barriers which it
will not be able to surmount.
I have indicated the avenues through which
this mischievous idea may wend its way to
national disaster. It is not in our power to
destroy the idea, but we may strip it of its
power to accomplish evil. How shall we do
this? Simply by extending the protective
rebel power of the ballot to all citizens of the
States who sympathized with and fought f*or
the cause of the Republic. Give to all such
the throbbing power of the ballot and you
blast the hopes of secessionists, whether they
rest on the power of arms or the subtle de-
cisions of courts. Eeenforce the Republic
with the votes of those wdio wish it well, and
it may laugh at the efforts of those who pur-
pose evil. Have we courage to do this? I
fear not. But that I am willing to do it and
accept the consequences, whatever they may
be to myself, I desire to have entered upon
the records of this Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I very well know that strong
men dwarf in the presence of the proposition
which I advocate. I know that many look
forward to the fall elections and shiver in the
presence of impartial suffrage. That iron-
cased prejudice which frowns upon those who
stand by the right in political action and even-
handed justice in national conduct will, I
fear, prove too strong for the plea which I
make. But in the face of this fact, I must <i
assert that the political future of any number
of members of this House is of small con- j
sequence when compared with the triumph of (i
correct principles in the contest in which we
are now engaged and the security of the Re-
public. It is better for us to suffer individual j
defeat than national disaster. j
Sir, I beg the members of this House to j
remember that we are not acting for ourselves i
alone, but that on our action rests also the ,
weal or woe of posterity. To us are commit- j
ted the treasures of those who are to come i
after us; for what we possess we are indebted
to those who have preceded us. T.'e have dis-
covered whertin they were at fault. The ex-
perience which we have, had it been possessed
by them, would have saved us from the bitter
trials through which we have passed. What-
ever adjustment we may make of the great
questions with which we are now dealing should
be weighed in the balance of that impartial
justice which preserves a j::■■1 division between
thought for ourselves and of care for those who
in future time are to pa«s judgment on our
action in the light of the experience it ill pro-
vide for them. V-re will be recreant to our duty
if we leave any of the work which we should
complete to pass from our hands unfinished to
trouble posterity.- Wo now have the power
to break the last hope of the enemies of this
Republic. Divide the political power of the
insurgent States between those who carried
them into rebellion and the race which the
rebellion emancipated, and we will have broken
the last link in that chain of ambition and preju-
dice which bound the possessors of political
power in the South into a common mass of
, hostility to the Government of the United
| States. This once accomplished and the peo-
' pie of those States will divide into parlies so
nearly equally balanced on all issues that, there
will be no longer danger to be feared from the
doctrine of secession in whatsoever form it
may be presented, whether by State action or
by judicial decree. We will be safe and pos-
terity will be safe; and here, in the language
of ,1. Stuart Mill,
" I bo-? very strongly inrlenl to press upon the IIou?e
tho di'ty of taking these tilings into serious collider-
atiun in the name ot that dutiful conccrn for poster-
ity which ha< boon very strong in every nation thai
ever did onythinsr great, and which has never Mt
the minds of any such nation until, as in the ca?c of
the Romans under tho umpire, it was already lulling
into d''crepihidp cen=in?to f,e a nation." ' *
'"What^or has been done for mankind by
the idea of posterity; whatever has been done for
mankind by philanthropic concern for posterity; by
a conscientious sense of duty for po'-tenty—even by
the lets pure but still nuhle ambition of b<dns hon-
ored by thorn—all this wo owe to posterity, and nil
this it is our duty, to the be^t oi our hunted ability,
to icpay. All of the great deed's of tho louuderg ot
nations, and of tho e second lound^rs of nations
the great reformers; all that Las been_ done for
us by the authois of those laws mid lnstitutiom to
which free countries arc indebted for then free-
dom, and well-governed countries lor t heir yrood gov-
ernments; all tho heroic lives that have been led
and the deaths which have been died in defense of
liberty and law, against dc.-potism and tyranny,
from Marathon and Salamis down to Leipsie and
Waterloo; all those traditions of wisdom and of vir-
tue which are enshrined iu the hUtury and Uteiature
of the past; till the schools and universities by which
the culture of a former timo has been brought down
to us, and all that culture itself—all that we owe to
the great masters of human thought, to the great
masters of human emotion—all this is ours because
those who preceded us have taken thought for pos-
terity."
Sir, these golden sentences are worthy of
England's great thinker. They present tons
j a rule of conduct which, if followed, cannot
: lead to disaster. They breathe the spirit of
i the American people of the days_ when our
1 Constitution was formed, when it was de-
clared :
"We, the "people of the United State?, in order"
* * * * " to secure the blessing* of liberty to
ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish
this Constitution for the United States of America."
Mindful of posterity were they who madeour
Constitution ; mistaken in some things it is
true; but in none which we may not now cor-
rect, in none which we do not know needs cor*
!] reciiou. If we will but do our duty as well as
|j we know it, banishing those things from our
deliberations which are but personal to our*
i; selves or our party, we will leave to posterity
little ground to complain of u.-. V 'e know that
impaitial suffrage in the insurgent States would
! leave but little for posterity to cputncl over;
but the fall elections lie between us and pus*
; terity. and some fear the result of the former
: more than they consider the welfare of the hit-
; tor. If we were posterity and posterity us, our
; duty relative to our present action would
: doubtless be modified, and the result would
; be greater wisdom than we arc likely to mani-
] fest. "We will stop short of what most of us
1 know we ought to do. I do not expect my
amendment to be adopted, and even it stops
short of what ought to be done. Loyal men, of
! whatever color, have more right to the ballot
: than have disloyal men, however white they
! maybe. The Government needs friends at the
' polls rather than enemies, but the latter arc
! more likely to get there in the rebel States
; than {Jig former. Tf this he wisdom, the most
! made of it v, ill bo but little.
i Mr. Speaker, I will vote for the best thing
; we can get as evidenced by the las-t thing upon
| which we may be called to vote ; but I hope
this may not be the amendment of the gentle-
j man from Ohio, [Mr. Hixoham. ] I look upon
j that as the embodiment of our greatest danger.
; The President is opposed to the reconstruction
| policy of Congress. lie opposed to the ex-
i action of any otluu* conditions-precedent to the
! full representation of the rebel States m Con-
i gross than those which he has already imposed.
■ Adopt the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] and the door is thrown
wide open to the full representation of the rebel
t States in Congress without the least change
having been made in the Constitution of the
United States other than that abolishing sla-
very. Every rebel State may adopt the pres-
ent proposed amendment of the Constitution,
and thus become entirled to representation,
and meet us with full delegations at ihe next
session of this Congress,without a single change
havinginthc mean time been made in tin1 Con-
stitution. The power which defeated the elec-
tion of a Senator in Xew .Jersey may defeat the
proposed amendment of the Constitution m
enough of the northern States to prevent it
becoming a part of the organic law of the He-
public. In view of this possible result 1 beg
this Hou^e not to adopt the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio. Belicr keep these grave
questions within our own control than to turn
them over to the tender mercies of executive
