1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2940-
influence and patronage; there may bo more
Scovels in the land.
Mr. Speaker, I have passed beyond the lim-
its of the time contemplated by me when I
commenced these remarks. I can but hope
that our present action will be as wise as I feel
assured the'ultimate result will be. We may
determine these issues now or leave them to
the future. We may be wise or foolish as we
will, but the end will be what justice demands.
We may advance or obstruct the solution of
our national difficulties, but we cannot change
the decrees of Him who of one blood made all
of the nations of the earth. "Equal and exact
justice to all men" is the short road out of all
our national troubles. We may take this or
some more circuitous route; both will end at
the same point. We have our election between
a short journey and a long one. We may reach
the end by the former fresh and vigorous and
strong, or we may arrive at it by the latter
wearied and worn and ruined. 1 prefer the
former; let those take the latter who choose;
and if such there be, and I must be dragged
along with them, I will go, but I shall enter my
protest at the starting-point and hurry through
as well as I may. And now, Mr. Speaker, that
my views are upon the records of this Congress,
I leave them to the judgment of the future, con-
tent to abide by the decree whatever it may be.
Mr. ROUSSEAU obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Kentucky, that this
subject be postponed until Wednesday next.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask the learned chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary one
question in reference to the position he has
taken. If I understood him aright, he said
that it would be judicial treason for the Su-
preme Court, of the United States to dceide
whether a Slate had the right to go out of the
Union under the Constitution. 1 ask the gen-
tleman the question: suppose Mr. Davis was
on his trial and his counsel were to contend,
under the Constitution, the State had a right
to go out of the Union, the counsel for the Gov-
ernment denying it, what becomes of the duty
of the Supreme Court under the law?
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I will state to the
gentleman what I think to be the duty of the
Supreme Court. It is simply to say to Mr.
Davis's attorney and to the attorneys of the
Government if they should join any such issue,
"This is an issue which cannot be tried in this
court."'
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask the gentleman if
it is not n judicial question, or a question with
reference to the construction of the Constitu-
tion itself, and if it does not come within the
jurisdiction of the .Supreme Court.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My answer to that
is, it is not a judicial question m any sense of
the term. It is a political question which the
people of this country decided when they made
the Constitution, aiul (hey have never, by con-
stitutional or other means, conferred upon the
Supreme Court of the United States any right
whatever to entertain an issue of that kind,
namely, to determine upon the question as to
whether this is a Government or not.
Mr. LE BLO>< D. I ask the gentleman if it
is not a question of construction of the Consti-
tution purely, which tho Supreme Court, above
all others, is tho proper tribunal to determine.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 answer that it
is not a, question of construction. Aud 1 would
like to ask the.gentleman whether he believes
it is a question which should go to the courts
for adjudication.
Mr. LE BLOND. Why certainly I do. I
believe it is a question that belongs to the Su-
preme Court as well as to the whole American
pconle. I do not believe, for one, that a State
can ever go out of this Union. I have repeat-
edly put myself on the record on that question;
a State oneeinthe Union, always in the Union.
But when that question is once presented, as it
must bo if Jefferson Davis is put upon his trial,
it must be decided. Because it is one ground
of defense that, he would make. If the States
have not that constitutional power ho is guilty
of treason, but if they have it he is not guilty
of it. Hence it is a judicial question, and must
be determined by the Supreme Court.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. As the gentleman
has answered one question, I desire now to ask
him another. Does he believe that Jefferson
Davis has committed the crimo of treason
against this Government?
Mr. LE BLOND. Why, sir, I have repeat-
edly said I believe it. I believe that all those
men who have taken up arms against the Fed-
eral Government are guilty of treason.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state in re-
ply to the gentleman that he has given a direct
answer .to the question which he first pro-
pounded to mo. If Jefferson Davis has com-
mitted treason then of course the State of Mis-
sissippi had no right to go out of this Union.
Now, he proposes to have Jefferson Davis in-
dicted for the crime of treason, to have that
indictment presented to the courts of the Uni-
ted States, and then to ask the judge to deter-'
mine first whether there is such a thing as the
crime of treason by proceeding to trial.
Mr. LE BLOND. Will the gentleman allow
a moment? It is the gentleman's opinion that
a State has not the right to go out of the Union.
That is my opinion. But Salmon P. Chase,
and quite a number of distinguished statesmen
both North and South, have in da3'S gone by
held differently, namely, that a State had a
right, to go out of tho Union. So that it is a
question, and being a question, if presented to
the Supreme Court it must be decided by that
tribunal, the gentleman's opinion to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not know
whether Chief Justice Chase ever expressed
such an opinion or not. I do not believe he
did, although, doubtless, the gentleman be-
lieves his own assertion, and has a reason for
desiring this question to go to the Supreme
Court. If Chief Justice Chase has already
made up an opinion that a State has a right to
secede, and should carry it out in the decision
which the gentleman desires he should make
on this question, of course Jefferson Davis must
be acquitted.
Mr. LE BLOND. I say to the gentleman
that I desire no such thing. I do not desire
the Supreme Court to make any such decision,
nor do I believe they will.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then the gentle-
man certainly does not believe that Chief Jus-
tice Chase, who will probably preside in the
court which will try Jefferson Davis, primarily
entertain! the opinion which the gentleman
attributed to him ; because it is presumed if
he does honestly hold that this question should
be entertained by him in the court, lie will decide
in accordance ^ith that opinion.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope that the Chief
Justice by this time has changed his opinions
! and become a much better man than he used
| to be.
i Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am glad that the
! gentleman is increasing in his respect for the
' Chief Justice. Now, just a word more. I wish
I it to be distinctly understood lhatthe doctrines
; which are contained in the remarks which I
j submitted this morning I belie', e to be not only
j good law but absolutely necessary for the safety
j aud perpeudiy of this Government. If we, as
I then remarked, throw this question into the
courts—a uUv>;'.on which was dec.dcd origi-
nally by the people and subsequently by arms—
we are unsettling the foundations of tho Gov-
ern inent, and we may Cud at some period iu the
future that courts made up by those who may
have possession of tho Government, in sym-
pathy with this theory, will di-solve this Gov-
ernment by a decree of the court, or at least
east it inio anarchy universal. Now, I do not
want any such result, and therefore 1 did say,
and T repeat it, that for any judge of the Uni-
ted States to entertain this question, decided
at the commencement of the Government and
since affirmed by the armies, would be judicial
treason against, "the Government of the United
States.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move to postpone
the special order until Wednesday next, after
the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS BKINED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found tridy enrolled bills
and a joint resolution of tho following titles j
when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (H. R. No. 493) granting a pension
to Mrs. Joanna Winans ;
An act (H. R. No. 210) for the relief of
Cordelia Murray;
An act (H. R. No. 363) supplementary to
the several acts relating to pensions ;
An act (H. R. No. 343) for tho relief of
Christina Elder;
An act (H. R. No. 402) granting a pension
to Mrs. Sally Andrews; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 142) authoriz-
ing tho Postmaster General to pay additional
salary to letter carriers in San Francisco.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. HOLMES. I ask indefinite leave of
absence for my colleague from New York,
Mr. Hubbard.
No objection was made, and the leave of
absence was granted.
Mr. BAKER. I ask leave of absence for
three days for my colleague, Mr. Cook.
No objection was made, and the leave of
absence was granted.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a question of
privilege. I present additional evidence in the
case of Koontz against Coffroth, and move
that it be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
representatives from mississippi.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to present the
credentials of Hon. A. M. West, a member-
elect from tho State of Mississippi.
The credentials were referred, under the rule,
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. MARSHALL. I also present the proc-
lamation of the Governor of Mississippi in
regard to the representatives-elect from that
State.
The proclamation was referred to the joint
committee on reconstruction, and ordered to
bo printed.
soldiers' and sailoks' union.
Mr. COBB, under leave heretofore granted
to report at any time, reported back from the
Committee for tho District of Columbia, bill
of the House No. 587, to incorporate the Sol-
diers' and Sailors' Union of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, without amendment, and
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider tho vote by
which the biil was passed ; aud also moved
that the motion to reconsidor be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANNA E. Vv'AKD.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the committee oi con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon House bit; No. 450, submitted
I the, following report:
Tho emnreitt^G of conferoBCo 'in 111disagreeing
votes of the two ltouscs on the aincnu:tioii t to tlio
bill (II. 11. No. 45'J) grauthig a pension to Anna E.
Ward, having met, uitcrfull a nd free coniercnee have
airrcul to rocommcnd, and do v\.i cramend, to txieir
resnecuvc Houses to follows:
Tnat tho Senate recede lrora taca- amendment to
Sald bllL 11. K. IjAMJ,
JAMES UUTIIEIE,
Mcihogei\t ''ii the 2>art of the Senate.
nr
Manage,^ on the part of the House.
The report, of tho committee of conference
was agreed to.
