1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1989
The Senator from Pennsylvania is too good a
lawyer to insist upon anything of that sort;
and as I understand, this was a mere prepara-
tory proceeding to see whether any legislation
should be had on the part of Congress to open
the doors of the courts. These parties cannot
go now into the Court of Claims and claim
damages or ask to be reimbursed for these
Josses, because they have no legal right to go
there. But if they have sustained losses, let
us go to work and legislate so that they may be
reimbursed; but how? Are we to take as con-
clusive this proceeding? I do not understand,
as the Senator from Pennsylvania will see on
the first page of this report, that there was any
evidence taken except the statements of the
contractors and the bills that they produced.
I do not charge anything corrupt or anything
fraudulent upon these contractors, but I do not
know that all those bills that are produced by
the contractors went into these identical ves-
sels. They were constructing other vessels.
I do not suppose that the bills show what ves-
sels the different items were contracted for.
The bills do not show into what vessels the
items went. As I have shown already in one
case, as I understand, Mr. Eads contracted for
five or six vessels, and it seems he lost but
upon two. I know that Mr. Eads is an honor-
able gentleman ; I am personally acquainted
with him; and I know he would not present
bills containing items that went into other ves-
sels ; but I do not know these other parties;
and I will not act even in favor of Mr. Eads,
although he is an honored citizen of my own
State, until I know that he made nothing upon
the other vessels that he constructed for the
Government. Such surely is not now my un-
derstanding. It may be so. I have had no con-
ference with him on this subject except what I
have mentioned, and that occurred a year or
two ago.
Now, Mr. President, notwithstanding these
contractors may have lost something, I think
we ought not to act here in a matter of so much
importance, a matter involving over two mil-
lion dollars, without knowing whether we are
disbursing it for the proper parties or not,
without knowing that it is justly their due and
whether they are entitled to it as men who
have done so well as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts claims. I recognize their claims. I
recognize the great service they have rendered
to the Government. But I apprehend that
the most of them undertook this work with a
view of making something upon it, that they
made the contracts with a view of making
money; and, as has been very properly paid,
these men are shrewd, capable men. They
know very well how to make their contracts.
If there was any action of the Government
which caused them to lose, if by taking, as in
the case of the Camanche, the machinery that
was provided for that vessel and putting it in
another vessel, they were delayed in the con-
struction of the vessel and loss was occasioned
in consequence, I am perfectly willing to allow
for it; but I will not allow it upon the report
of this board. I cannot do it. I do not under-
stand that it was appointed by a joint resolu-
tion of Congress. 1 do not understand wc are
under any obligation whatever to confirm the
awards made in their report. I do not under-
stand that they have taken evidence such as
they ought to have taken. I do not under-
stand that both sides of this case have been
heard. It is exceedingly difficult to get the
truth even when both sides are heard, but you
never get the truth when only one side has
been heard, and I see nothing to satisfy me
thfit more than one side has been heard in this
whole investigation. It is yet to be shown
that such is the fact. I have not seen it. and
I have yet to learn it. No gentleman has
stated it on the floor; and yet this bill is per-
tinaciously urged upon us. I cannot vote for
it, and I hope other Senators will not vote for
it until we are better prepared to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the im-
portance of this bill arises not only from the
amount of money involved in it, which is
$2,250,000—a very large sum of money—but
also from the principles upon which it is founded,
and especially since the statement made by the
honorable Senator /rom Massachusetts. He
admits the correctness of the general rule of
law that parties may enforce contracts fairly
construed, without any hardship, and if losses
occur to the contractor it is his loss; if, on the
other hand, profits are made, it is his benefit.
That rule is applied to all contracts for the Gov-
ernment by individuals, and no one feels it to
be a hardship.
But the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts now states that during this war, and by
reason of this war, this principle of law cannot
be applied and ought not to be applied. If that
is true, then there is no end and no limit to the
claims upon the Government. If that is true,
the same claim that is made in this case may
be made in behalf of every person who has fur-
nished oats or hay or corn or supplies of any
kind to the Army or Navy. It will apply to
every class of claims that is made against the
Government. It may be applied to every office-
holder of the Government, to every person
whose salary has been fixed on a specie stand-
ard, to every person whose expenses have been
changed by the existence of the war. Itwould
apply to all classes of contracts as well as to
mechanics.
Now, I venture to say that there has been no
time in the history of America when the me-
chanics of this country have been so prosper-
ous and have made such large sums of money
as they have during the recent war. Great
activity has been given to all branches of in-
dustry. Every man who has had a shop or who
lias been engaged in mechanical employments
has had constant occupation. All classes of
industry have been made prosperous by the
demands arising out of the war. The absence
of laborers in the field of battle, the absence of
ordinary competition, the vast supplies needed
by the Government, and the purchase of every-
thing that enters into the consumption of human
life were so great during the war that all classes
of business men have been prosperous. I ven-
ture to say further that the very class of men
for whose relief this bill has been provided have
been more prosperous during this war than ever
before. It is a matter of common remark that
they have made large sums of money. Nearly
all the wealthy manufacturers have become
more wealthy; and this has extended not sim-
ply to those articles consumed by the Govern-
ment, but to all articles of manufacture. There
is no class of the people of this country for
whom 1he Senator from Massachusetts could
with less force appeal for sympathy than for
the mechanical and manufacturing interest of
the country, simply because by the extent and
nature and character of the war tlicy have had
constant occupation and employment without
the ordinary competition.
Now, the question arises whether wc shall
deliberately indorse a principle by which every
contractor of the Government may claim from
us the losses he has sustained on one particu-
lar contract. If the rule was applied gener-
ally, and you attempted to ascertain the loss
of the individual and reimburse that loss, that
would not be so heavy; but that is not, the case
here. Here a particular class of vessels is
selected, and it is shown that the contractors
have lost money upon those vessels. Now it
maybe that these same contractors, as I know
is the case, because I know some of these con-
tractors, have made very large sums of money
on other contracts with the Government. It is
not proposed to deduct those profits; it is not
proposed to make an equitable rule upon the
quantum meruit principle, and giving them
only what is properly and justly and fairly their
loss in all their transactions with the Govern-
ment, but you are to select a particular class
of contracts, a particular class of vessels, on
which there has probably been a loss of some
two millions, and you are to reimburse that
loss, leaving them to enjoy all the profits they
have made on their contracts with the Govern-
ment.
I venture to say that every person who owned
a machine shop in the city of New York or
Philadelphia, or the State of Ohio, who has
been employed directly or indirectly in the
manufacture of the muniments of war, has
made several times the cost of his entire prop-
erty before the war, if he has managed with
ordinary skill, simply because those works have
been constantly employed. And yet, because
these particular contractors have lost money
in the building of a certain class of vessels,
you propose to reimburse that loss. It seems
to me we ought not to enter upon such a field.
I am staggered at the probable results of such
a policy. If this hill passes upon the ground
on which it is now placed by members of the
Senate, we shall have claims without end, and
you cannot resist them. There have been cases
where persons contracted to deliver hay at fif-
teen dollars a ton and have paid twenty-five
dollars a ton for it. Contracts have been made
for oats, for wheat, for transportation, for sup-
plies, for all kinds of muniments of war. Why
do you not apply the same principle to those
class of cases ? You cannot resist them, if
you once adopt this rule. I, therefore, am not
prepared, on a question involving so large an
amount as this particular ease, and a principle
which involves millions more, to vote for sucll
a proposition.
The Senator from Massachusetts places this
claim upon another ground, which 1 think has
been sufficiently answered by the Senator from
Missouri, and that is, that wo instituted a court;
they have made an award, and wc arc bound
to carry into execution that award. If this
were a court organized by law, and if an award
had been made by it upon principles of law, I
should feel bound by that award, although I
might not approve of the principles adopted
by the court; but that is not the ease here.
Every day we pass resolutions of inquiry; we
call upon the Secretary of War, or the Secre-
tary of the Navy, or the Secretary of the
Treasury for information. He furnishes that
information. We do not bind ourselves before
hand to adopt the conclusions of the Secretary
of War, or the Secretary of the Navy, or the
Secretary of the Treasury. We do not even
bind ourselves to take the facts that he gives
us. So in this case, at the end of a long
debate, at the end of a controversy upon this
very class of claims, a resolution was offered,
I think, by the Senator from Iowa——
Mr. (HUMES. Oh, no, I did not offer it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Some one offered the
resolution in the Senate, and my impression
is that I voted for it, because I wanted to know
the facts.
Mr. GRIMES. It was offered at the execu-
tive session, and there was no debate upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The very fact that the
chairman of the Naval Committee cannot tell
when this resolution was offered, under what
circumstances it was offered, and what induce-
ments led to its being adopted, shows that it
had no influence whatever and ought to have
no influence whatever in our deliberations.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will see, if he
looks at the resolution, when it was offered.
It was offered on the 9th of March, 1865.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the executive session?
Mr. CLARK. It must have been, for Con-
gress adjourned on the 4th of March.
Mr. SHERMAN. That shows the folly of
basing any argument upon the resolution,
except the facts that the committee have
brought before us.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. The Senator from. Ohio
will allow me to inquire of the Senator from
New Hampshire whether he understands that
the resolution was adopted after Congress
adjourned. I was present when that resolu-
tion was passed.
Mr. CLARK. Here is the record on the
report: ''In the Senate of the United States,
March 9. 1805."
Mr. JOHNSON. That shows when it was
adopted.
Mr. CLARK, That is the time, I suppose,
when it waB offered.
