1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1031
land another line of telegraph in the State of
New York or in the harbor of New York ; but
when you propose to tie up every other harbor
and every river and every spot where we have
jurisdiction for twenty-five years, I am not pre-
pared to vote for it. It is very true when they
nave located their line at any spot, everybody
must go by that line, and they may make their
own charges, and have complete control of it;
but that, in my judgment, is nothing scarcely
to bo weighed against the extreme power we
propose to give them to go into any harbor
along this whole coast. It seems to me the bill
cannot have been considered as it ought to have
been.' I hope it will not pass, certainly not
without the most mature consideration.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator suggest
an amendment? You may confine the bill to
the Florida Keys, if you see fit, or you may
confine it to the Gulf of Mexico, if you see fit.
The idea that you are going to tie up every
navy-yard along the Atlantic coast is absurd.
It is perfectly well known that it is about a
hundred miles across from the lower part of
Florida to the island of Cuba, and that from
the city of New York to Cuba it is perhaps
eighteen hundred or two thousand miles. It
is absurd to talk about laying a cable from any
of the navy-yards along the Atlantic coast.
Mr. CLARK. I will move one amendment
if the Senator will allow me.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly; it is open to
amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I move to strike out the word
"sole*1 in the fifth line of the first section.
Mr. CHANDLER. _ That kills the bill. If
you want to kill the bill, that is all right. If
the Senate do not want a telegraphic cable laid,
of course they will strike out the word "sole."
If that amendment should be adopted I shall
certainly abandon the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from New Hampshire move that amend-
ment to the amendment reported by the com-
mittee?
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. If, as the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce has said,
striking out this word "sole" strikes the soul out
of this bill, then it is not much of a bill. I
think it would be rather a scandalous proceed-
ing for the Congress of the United States to
grant an exclusive privilege in telegraphing for
twenty-five years at this point of time. There
are no men in the United States to whom I
would vote to make such a grant. Telegraph-
ing has reached too advanced a point, I think,
that we should make so dear a bid for its exten-
sion as that would be. The period of exclu-
sive privileges ought to be considered also as
having passed, and we should not repeat them
here.
There, are no such difficulties in the way of
the construction of this proposed line of tele-
graph as should demand of the United States
a grant of the sole and exclusive privilege for
a quarter of a century. We have a proposition
now before us. presented by the honorable Sen-
ator fiom Missouri, [Mr. Browx,] which has
been somewhat considered by one of the com-
mittees of this body, and which now by a res-
olution of the Senate has been sent to the Post-
master General of the L'nited States that he
may enlighten us by the presentation of data
as to our course upon the proposition submitted.
What is it? It is to inquire into the propriety
and necessity of making the whole telegraphic
system of the United States a Government
agency, a lightning post office; and pending
that proposition, which is a step in advance in
the line of progress, supported by very good
reasoning indeed, this proposition comes in
here. I am sorry to say, recommended by the
enlightened and always liberal chairman of the i
Committee on Commerce of this body, and who ;
is so generally safe in his legislation, to grant 1
a sole and exclusive privilege to a company for .
a quarter of a century. I will not consume the 1
time of the Senate by arguiugthe matter further. :
I shall vote for striking out the word j'sole," j
and if that destroys the body of the bill I do 1
not think it is our fault, but one of the unfor-
tunate 
Mr. BROWN. Concatenations.
Mr. CONNESS. My friend suggests con-
catenations. I accept the word; one of the
unfortunate concatenations of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly well known
to all commercial men that the United States
has lost the trade of this continent from lack of
enterprise. The British Government has sub-
sidizedamail lineto, Ibelieve, every country on
this continent, and every one of those mail lines
are weekly or monthly, as the case may be, but
they go with regularity. From South America
orders are sent, not to the United States, which
are much nearer than England, but to England.
Why? Because they are filled instantly and
returned at once, whereas communication with
the United States is unfrequent and irregular.
Now, a proposition comes before this body to
establish telegraphic communication with the
West India islands. In case that line were
built, and it extended to every one of those
West India islauds, it would be all the better,
for it would absolutely control the commerce
of every island connected by telegraph with the
United States, and would control the commerce
here.
If we could have telegraphic communication
with every one of the South American States,
we should control the commerce of the South
American States, because they could send their
orders quicker by telegraph, and receive their
responses quicker than in any other way.
isowthe proposition is to strike out the word
"sole," and then what have you left? You
must offer some inducements to this company,
and you offer this inducement that they shall
have the sole privilege of erecting such a line.
You may call it a monopoly, and it will be so
if Congress sees fit to leave it so, but Congress
can resume these powers to-morrow or the
next day or at any time. Congress has the
absolute control of this measure during the
twenty-five years and in perpetuity. That is
the only inducement you offer to these parties
to invest their money for the benefit of the
commerce of the United States. If the Senate
choose to kill this bill, very well; but let us
kill it at once. Let us say we do not want any
telegraphic communication with the West In-
dies. Vote directly to reject the bill if you
wish to defeat it, but do not strike out the only
thing in it that will lay the wire. The Com-
mittee on Commerce deemed it for the com-
mercial interest of the people of the United
States that these wires should be laid, nnd they
recommended it also for the ini erest of the Navy
Department and of the War Department and
of every department of the Government. I
hope the bill will pass just as it is before the
body; but if the amendment of the Senator
from New Hampshire prevails, then I hope it
will be killed.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will not insist upon striking
out the word "sole." I consider that motion
mischievous, and quite fatal to the enterprise.
I will sec if we cannot accommodate the Sen-
ator by a proposed amendment in some other
direction which will obviate the necessity of
so much mischief as will ensue by that amend-
ment. I gave my consent to this bill in the
committee on the'express understanding that
it should have limitation such as is suggested
here. It will be seen by a reference to the
original bill as referied to the committee that
it had this scope, it granted to this company
" the sole and exclusive right and privilege to
connect Florida and the northern sea-coast of
the Gulf of Mexico within the United States
with the island of Cuba and adjacent islands,
&c." I thought that sweep was a little too
comprehensive : but I believe upon consulta-
tion generally with the committee it was agreed,
as 1 understood it—-.and I think it is an omis-
sion entirely that it comes in as it does that
it should be limited to the connection of the
coast of Florida with the West India islands.
It was not to be a charter with a right to make I
innumerable lines between the coast of the l
United States, without limitation, and the West
India islands.
I think the chairman of the committee will
agree with me that we intended to limit it to'
some one point on the coast of Florida, and I
supposed the bill was reported in that way. I
have never given it any consideration since. I
will_ suggest an amendment which will perhaps
obviate all the difficulty which Senators have
in their minds. Assuming that it would be the'
sense of the Senate to authorize this company
to construct a submarine cable between this
country, from the coast of Florida, and the West
India islands, I will suggest by way of amend-
ment, provided my honorable friend from New
Hampshire should think it worth while to with-
draw his amendment, in the ninth line of the
first section after the words "from the" to
insert " shores of the State of Florida in the
so that the clause would then read:
Shall have tb e sole privilege for aperiod of twenty-
five years to lay, construct. land, maintain, and op-
erate telegraphic or magnetic lines or cables in and
over the waters, reefs, islands, shores, ancl lands over
which the United States have jurisdiction, from tha
shoves of the Stato of Florida, in the said United
States, to the island5 of Cuba and the Bahamas, either
or both, and other \Y est India islands.
That would limit it entirely to the shores of
the coast of Florida.
Mr. CLARK. It is very evident that some
members of the Committee on Commerce did
not understand the bill as it was reported, and
I am entirely willing to withdraw my amend-
ment in order to have it perfected, and I will
either move to refer it back to the Committee
on Commerce, or let it be postponed until it can
be fully considered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will accept the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. CLARK. Though the Senator may he
willing to accept it, it may not be entirely ac-
ceptable to the Senate, and I desire to have the
bill framed so as to be acceptable to the Senate.
It seems to me we cannot deal with so impor-
tant an interest as this in this hasty way. I
will therefore withdraw my amendment, and
move to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 26, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. ilorxxov.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
EEPOTITS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the first bus-
iness in order, to call the committees for re-
ports to go upon the Calendar, and not to be
brought back by a motion to reconsider.
No reports were presented.
The SPExYKER announced, as the next busi-
ness in order, the call of States for the intro-
duction of resolutions and of bills on leave,
commencing with the State of Michigan, ivhera
the call was arrested on last Monday, and pro-
ceeding in inverse order.
i'heedmen's bureau.
Mr. BEAMAN introduced a bill to continue
in force and to amend an act entitled " An act
to establish a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmcn
and Refugees, and for other purposes;" which
was read a first and second time, referred to tlia,
select committee on freedmen, and ordered to
be printed.
ABTIFXCIAL LIMBS.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE submitted the following
resolution t which was read, considered, anu
agreed to:
Whereas it is reported that many of the artificial
limbs which have been furnished to our soldieis and
sailors iriio have been cripnldl in their eountry'sser-
viee are of an inferior make aud quality, and are so
defective that little if any benefit is derived there-
from by said soldiers and sailors, and in consequence
