3912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
Mr. PIKE. I desire, with the permission
of the gentleman from Vermont, to call the
attention of the House to section four of the
bill, repealing the fishing bounties. I know
that a great many members of the House will
rest easier when they learn that the fishing
bounties are already really repealed.
Mr. MORRILL. The only other section of
importance, or to which I deem it necessary
to call the attention of the House, is the last
section, providing for a Bureau of Statistics.
This is for the use arid, benefit of this House,
and will, I trust, have no opposition. And now,
Mr. Speaker, as these sections have all or very
nearly all already been acted uponby the House,
I move the previous question on the bill and
amendments.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I must decline to yield.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I hope the House
will not second the demand for the previous
question, and I call for tellers on the second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mokkill
and Bixgiiam were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 08, noes 23.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. SPALDING. Is it in order to move to
postpone this bill until the first Monday in
December?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, the
previous question having been seconded.
Mr. SPALDING. That is what the Senate
will do with it.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to hear from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means some explanation of the eighth section
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont is entitled to an hour to close the debate,
and can explain it if he pleases.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish
to discuss the general subject. Inrelation to tbe
eighth section of the bill, I repeat, as I have
already stated, that collectors of internal reve-
nue who have collected money as the tax upon
cotton, ine in some instances prosecuted in the
State courts for the recovery of that money, and
the courts are receiving such suits. This sec-
tion merely transfers those suits to the United
States courts. I do not desire to discuss the
bill any further.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the main question was ordered, as the gen-
tleman from Vermont will not permit us even
to have our amendments road.
Mr. BINGHAM. I want my amendment
read.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
50, noes 45.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon
the table.
The amendments reported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means were then agreed to.
The bill was ordered tp be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL. I now demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to laythe bill upon
the table. There has been no opportunity to
offer amendments at all, and I do not wish such
a bill passed.
Mr. LE BLOND. I demand the yeas and
nays on tbe motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and itwas decided
in the negative—yeas 33, nays 82, not voting
07; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Bingham, Boyer,
Dawson, Donnelly, Eldridge, Glossbrenner, Aaron
Harding, Asahel W. Hubbard, Humphrey, Johnson,
Kerr, Kuykendall, Williain Lawrence, Lc Blond, Mc-
Ouuough, Nicholson, Noell, Pike, Samuel J. Randall,
Ritter, Ross, Schenck, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Tabor,
Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Henry D. Washburn,
James F. Wilson, and Wright—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bid-
well, Boutwcll, Broomall, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb, Conkling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Deming,
Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Gar-
field, Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hart.Higby,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,In-
geisoll, Jenckcs, Julian, Kcllcy, Kctchara, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch. Mars-
ton, McClurg, MclieeMcRuer, Mcrcur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,< Newell,
O'Neill. Orth, Paine, Perham, Plants, Price, Ray-
mond, Alexander II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shellabarger, Thayer, Trowbridge, Van Aernam,
Ward, Warner, William B.Washburn, Welker, Wha-
ley. Williams Windom, and Woodbridge—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Baldwin, Bea-
man, Benjamin, Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee,
Bromwell, Buckland, Chanler, Sidney Clarke, Cook,
Cullom, Culver, Darling, Delano, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Dumont, Eckley, Ferry, Finck, Goodyear,
Gndcr, Grinnell, Harris, Hayes, Henderson, Hill,
Hogan, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones,
Kasson, Kelso, Ivoontz, Latham, Marshall, Marvin,
Mclndoe, Niblack, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford,'William H.Randall, John H.Rice, Rogers, Rous-
seau, Shanklin, Sloan, Smith, Starr. Stevens, Sfil-
well, Strouse, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Up-
son, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Hoin, Elihu B.
Washburne, Wentworth, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Winfield—67.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. LE BLOND. Is it in order to move to
postpone the bill to a day certain ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, because the House
is acting under the previous question.
Mr. LE BLOND. This bill proposes to
upset a great many laws, and ought not to be
passed in a hurry.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being upon the passage
of the bill.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the ailirmative—yeas 87, nays 36, not voting
59 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Delos R.
Abhluy, James M. Ashley, Banks, Barker, Baxter,
Bidwell, Bingham. Boutwell, Brorawcll, Broomall,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conkling, Davis, Dawes, Deming, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Garfield, Hale, Abner C. Harding,
Hart, Higbv, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Iluhbard, Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
James It. Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jciiokes,
Kcllcy. Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch,
Marston,McClurg, McKce, McRuer, Mcrcur, Miller,
Moorhcad, Morrill, Morris,Moulton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Paine. Perham, Plants, Price. Raymond,
Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Scottcld, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Warner,
Willi ainB. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley,
Williams Wmdom, and Woodbridge—87.
NAYS — Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Beniamin,
Boyer, Buckland, Dawson,Defrees, Eldridge, Farqu-
har, GJossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Humphrey, John-
son, Julian, Kerr, Kuykendall, Le Blond, McCul-
lough, Niblack.Nicholson, Noell,Orth,Pike, Samuel
J. Randall, Ritter, Ross, Rousseau, Sitgreaves,
Taber, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Robert T. Van
Horn, Henry D. Washburn, James F. Wilson, and
Wright—86.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Baldwin, Bea-
man, Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Chanler,
Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Delano, Denison,
Dixon, Dodge, Dumont, Eckley, Egglcston, Ferry,
Finck, Goodyear, Grider, Grinneil, Griswold, Harris,
Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Demas Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Kasson, Kelso, Latham,
Marshall, Marvin, Mclndoe, Patterson, Phelps, Pom-
eroy, Radford, William H.Randall, Rogers,Schenck,
Shanklin, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwcll, Strouse, John
L. Thomas, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Elihu B.
Washburne, Stephen F. Wilson, and Winfield—59.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT 0"F CONGRESS.
Mr. DELANO. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I submit the following resolution, upon
which I call the previous question:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives,
That the President of the Senate and Speaker of the
House of Representatives be authorized to close the
present session by adjourning their respective Houses
on the 25th day of July, at twelve o'clock m.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. i hope,the motion to
lay on the table will be agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question
of order, that this resolution is not a privileged
question.
The SPEAKER. A resolution for the ad-
journment of Congress is always regarded as
a privileged question when the House is not
engaged in the consideration of other business.
Mr. DELAN 0. I call the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Delano] allow me to move to amend
his resolution by adding that the House here-
after meet at eleven o'clock a. m.?
Mr. ASHLEY of Ohio. Make that a sep-
arate resolution.
Mr. DELANO. At the suggestion of some
friends, I modify my resolution so as to read
il23d," instead of £1 25th;" and that hereafter
the House will meet at eleven o'clock a. m.
Mr. DAWES. We do not want a concurrent
resolution for that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a point of order,
and that is that the last clause of the resolu-
tion, as modified by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Delano,] relating to the hour of daily
meeting of the House, is not a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order ; that portion is not a privileged
question.
Mr. DELANO. I will withdraw all my
modifications, and submit the resolution in
its original form.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Asiiley, of Ohio, to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. DELANO called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 52, nays 78, not voting
52 5 as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Baxter,
Bidwell, Bromwell, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling,
Donnelly, Driggs, Famsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Ab-
ner C. Harding, Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckcs, Kelley,
Koontz, William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marston,
McClurg, Morrill, Moulton, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Rollins, Schenck. Scofield, Shellabarger. Stevens,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Wentworth, Williams, James
F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Barker, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Boyer, Broomall, Buckland, Bundy,Reader \v.
Clarke, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Dom-
ing, Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Garfield,
Glossbrenner* Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Hart,
Holmes, Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Humphrey, Johnson, Julian,
Kasson, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Latham,George
V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Longyear, McCullough, Mc-
Ivee, McRuer, Mcrcur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris,
Myers, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson. Noeil, Perham,
Pike, Plants, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Ran-
dall. Raymond, John H. Rice, Ritter, Ross, Rous-
seau, Sawyer, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Taber, Taylor,
Thayer, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Van Aer-
nam, Ward, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, and Wright—78.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. Ancona, Baldwin, Bea-
man, Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Boutwcll, Brandegee,
Chanler, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Dariing, Denison,
Dixon, Dodge, Dumont, Finck, Goodyear, Grider,
Grinnell, Harris, Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Hogan,
Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Kelso,
Laflin, Marshall, Marvin, Mclndoe, Patterson,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Price, Radford, Alexander II. Rice,
Rogers, Shanklin, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell,
Strouse, Upson, Elihu B. Washburne, Whaley,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Winfield—52.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Delano] yield to me that I may
move an amendment to strike out u the 25th"
and insert " the 23d ?3J
Mr. DELANO. I am willing that the sense
of the House shall be taken on the proposi-
tion 5 and I yield for that amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend the res-
olution by striking out the word '1 fifth'' and in-
serting in lieu thereof the word u third so aa
to_ provide for an adjournment on the 23d of
this month.
