1992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
The workman, the particular mechanic who
assisted the contractor in his shop, has received
Ms wages from month to month. As the wages
went up he was paid. When the contract was
made the laborer got eleven cents an hour. In
two months from that time he got thirteen
cents; two months further on he got fifteen
cents; and two months further on he got eigh-
teen cents. He has been paid this; he could
compel the contractor to pay it. The con-
tractor himself is the mechanic, investing his
labor, his skill, his judgment, and his means
in his shop; and he produces a vessel that is
acceptable to the Department and that is valu-
able to the Government. I say he is not to
be compared to the man who goes out into
the market to buy up what may be needed for
the Army for the purposes of speculation.
The Senator from: Ohio says that mechanics
have made more money during the war than
they ever made before. If the Government
had not expected of these mechanics to con-
struct ships, and they had been left to pursue
their ordinary business, they, too, would have
enjoyed the advantages, so far as advantages
were enjoyed, coming from the war; but hav-
ing to construct these ships, they are losers.
Does the Senator question the fact; does the
Senator doubt the fact that they are losers?
Then why does he say that mechanics have
made money? We are talking about these
particular cases. They have not made money.
Other mechanics have made money, I admit.
The Senator, I presume, is aware of the fact
that for three years back the railroad compa-
nies have not been able to make contracts for
the delivery of locomotives at any period in
the future; and why? Because mechanics have
known for three years past that, there was a
constant advance in the cost of material and
labor, and they would not make contracts for
future delivery, but required the companies to
pay what an engine was worth when produced.
But here the Government obtained from these
parties their contracts; and the question is,
under all the circumstances, shall they be held
to the bond?
The Senator says the award is large; it is
S2,207,000. That is what the board say were
the losses. I think myself that the losses ought
to be paid because they have been occasioned
in part by the act of the Government. The
Senator from Nevada proposes by his amend-
ment that it shall be restricted in the highest
case to fifteen per cent, upon the contract price.
I believe that would reduce it very nearly a
million dollars. The Senator from Ohio pro-
poses that it shall be twelve per cent. I think,
then, the reduction would be something more
than a million dollars. The precise amount I
cannot state to the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Permit me to ask the
Senator a question. I have not listened to the
entire debate. Is there an exceptional case in
regard to the Camanche?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, the Camanche is
excepted by the amendment. The entire award
was $2,267,627 18. A restriction to twenty
per cent, upon the cost price would be $1,721,-
524 68. Reducing it to fifteen per cent. 1 sup-
pose would allow $1,300,000 or $1,400,000;
and reducing it to twelve per cent. I suppose
would leave it about $1,000,000, so that the
Senatorfrom Iowa proposes that these contract-
ors shall lose above $1,000,000 by his amend-
ment. Now, I submit to the Senate that as the
entireloss is proven before a board organized by
the Government itself, at least by a Department
of the Government, to be above $2,000,000,
is it not enough that you ask it to be reduced
$1,000,000, that you should make fall on these
contractors a loss of 81,000,000?
The Senator from Ohio says that this was an
ex parte, examination. If it were proposed
between two men to arbitrate a matter of dis-
pute between them, and it was agreed that one
of the litigating parties should select all the
arbitrators, perhaps it would be said that was
ex parte. He selects the court himself, and
certainly he cannot complain of*the award
when made. Under a resolution of the Sen-
ate the Government itself selected the board.
These contractors, whose interest depended on
the judgment of the board, had no voice in the
selection of the men that were to try their case.
The Secretary of the Navy, representing the
Government, organized the board. That board,
having no interest, no sympathy with the con-
tractors, but of the Government's own selec-
tion, heard the testimony for five months, and
made its award.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of curiosity
I would like to ask my friend from Indiana if
the Supreme Court of the United States is an
ex parte tribunal. I need hardly ask him for
an answer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir, I never es-
teemed it so.
Mr. SHERMAN. And yet the Supreme
Court of the United States is selected by the
President of the United States, and decides
causes in which the United States are inter-
ested. Therefore his argument that this is an
ex parte board, because appointed by an officer
of the United States, is hardly of much force.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The suggestion of the
Senator is forcible, but it was "not myself that
was saying this was an ex parte proceeding. I
have not complained of it as an ex parte one.
I am answering the argument of the Senator
from Ohio; he said it was an ex parte pro-
ceeding, and the award was ex parte. If it was
ex parte at all, I was going to show it was ex
parte on the side of the Government, not on
the side of the contractors.
Mr. SHERMAN. The evidence was ex
parte, that is what I said.
Mr. HENDRICKS. So far as the evidence
is concerned, it is from the mouth of the par-
ties themselves and from the mouth of Gov-
ernment officials. Neither in the organization
of the board nor in the evidence that was heard
by the board was it an ex parte proceeding. If
the Senate are willing that these men shall
be destroyed in an enterprise that was so im-
portant to the Government at the time, in an
enterprise in which they were materially inter-
fered" with by the Government itself, then I
submit to the judgment of the Senate, it is not
my judgment. I do not think our country
requires it. I do not think the constituency I
represent ask it at my hands. I do not think
that between man and man they would them-
selves render such a judgment. "When the
Government itself has interfered so that the
contracts were not completed at the time con-
templated, so that these parties had to pay
instead of sixty dollars, $145 per ton for iron,
I do not think that the constituency that I rep-
resent will desire me to say that all of this loss
shall fall upon the enterprising men who gave
up their shops from profitable employment to
an employment that yielded no profit. We ask
no profit for it; we ask simply that they shall
not be destroyed; and the proposition of the
Senator from Iowa is (and with the slight
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ne-
vada I will agree to it, and if that should not
meet with the concurrence of the Senate I
would then agree to the proposition of the
Senator from Iowa) that of the $2,267,000 of
loss more than $1,000,000 shall still fall upon
the contractors.
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. President, the hour
admonishes me that I have but a short time to
speak, and I shall detain the Senate but a few
minutes. I shall vote against'this bill in its
present form. I shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Nevada in the first place,
but I would prefer the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa. With either of these amend-
ments attached to the bill, I am willing to vote
for it-
There is one fact that has escaped theatten-
tion of Senators upon this floor, and it is a
question of contract. If I had not already been
convinced, the Senator from Ohio would have
convinced me by his argument that if you open
the door in this matter, other contractors can
come in and claim additional compensation. I
am for additional compensation in these cases,
but not in the way it is asked for in the bill.
In my city the largest firm there built two of
the largest monitors and have not asked for
additional compensation. They have not come
forward to knoek at the doors of Congress and
ask for additional compensation. Another firm
in my city comes forward and asks for it. Now,
how do they predicate their contracts? My
friend, the Senator from Indiana, alluded to a
contract for a house a few minutes ago. How
does such a contractor predicate his bid? He
goes around and asks the stone-mason how
much he will put up the stonework for; he
asks the briek-layer how much he will put up
the brickwork for; he asks the plasterer how
much he will put up the plastering for by the
yard; so with the shingling, the roofing, and
all; and before he takes the contract he pred-
icates his bid on the sub-contracts he can
make. How do these machinists do? How
have they done? I know how they have done;
the Senator from Ohio knows how they have
done. Before they make a contract with the
Government they make arrangements for the
iron and steel conditioned on the receipt of a
contract from the Government; they get the
material at the price it was worth when the
Government asked their proposals.
Now, if you give fifteen per cent., or twelve
per cent., as the Senator from Iowa suggests,
that pays amply for the increased cost of labor;
the mechanics do not suffer; they will lose noth-
ing by this operation. But in the event of pass-
ing the bill as reported the contractor makes
the money and the mechanic gets nothing out
of it. This is a fact which can be substantiated
by every practical man living in a city where
these iron-clad vessels have been built; although
an institution in my city is interested in it, I
care nothing for that. I say that unless the Sen-
ate adopt the amendments offered, I shall op-
pose the bill and take another opportunity to
consider the subject.
Mr. CLARK. I have found a good deal of
difficulty in regard to this class of cases, and
the difficulty arises from their being classed
together. I have no doubt, from the examina-
tion I have made, that there are meritorious
cases included in the bill, and perhaps there
are some cases which ought to have as high an
award as this board has reported. I am satis-
fied from the examination I have given that
there are others who ought not to have any-
thing at all; so that if I vote for the bill either
in the amended form or in the form in which it
comes from the committee I am likely to do
injustice to somebody.
I have been, Mr. President, casting around
to see what we could do with a proposition of
this kind. It first occurred to me thatyou might
refer it to the Court of Claims, but yet I am
satisfied that the Court of Claims would not do
justice to some of the cases that are here, be-
cause a man may not have a legal claim who
may have an equitable claim, and he would not
be able to recover there; and yet I am satisfied
that this board, which was constituted at the
last session of Congress, was not a board to
report upon what was due to these contractors;
it only considered one side, that is, what the
vessels had cost these men; it did not consider
the other side, what deductions ought to be
made by the Government in paying them the
amount,; so that it cannot be called any fair
arbitration, or award, as the Senator from In-
diana termed it, because they considered only
one side, that is, the cost. If the question had
been submitted to the board what deductions
shall be made from the cost when you find it,
that would have been an entirely different thing;
but they were instructed only to consider what
was the cost of the vessel in each case, and
report to Congress. And yet the Senator from
Nevada says that having committed it to them
to award the cost, we are bound to pay it. I
do not understand it so.
Mr. NYE. I did not say exactly that.
Mr. CLARK. That was the substance oi
what I understood the Senator to say.
Mr. NYE. I said that, admitting the prm
ciple that anything is to be paid, we shouu
pay the ascertained cost-
