J-886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DELANO. I now renew the call for
the previous question.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Would it be in
order Mr. Speaker, to move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means ?
■The SPEAKER. It will be, if the previous
question should not be seconded.
Th$ previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the resolu-
tion and the pending amendment be laid on
the table; and on the motion I demand the
yeas and nays. I want it to be seen by the
record who are ready to stand by their posts
and who are not.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 56, nays 75, not voting
51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Eidwell, Bingham, Bromwell, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Conkling, Driggs, Eggieston, Famsworth, IPar-
quhar, Periy, (irinncll, Abner C. Harding, Higby,
Hooper, Ilotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Tngersoll,
Jenclces, Kelley, Koontz, William Lawrence, Lynch,
Marston, McClurg, Morrill, Morris, Newell, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Alexander H. Ricc, Rollins, Schcnck,
Scofield, Shellab&rger, Spalding, Stevens, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Wentworth, Williams,
James F. Wilson, aDd Windom—56s
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Benjamin, Boyer, Broomall,
Buckland, Reader W. Clarke,Davis, Dawes, Dawson,
Defrees, Delano. Deming, Donnelly,Eckley, Eldridge,
Eliot, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Griswold. Hale, Aaron
Harding, Hart, Holmes, Chester D. Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Johnson, Julian, Kasson, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuyken-
dall, Laflin, Latham,George V. Lawrence,LcBlond,
Longyear, McCullough, McKee, McRuer, Mercur,
Miller, Moorhead, Mjers, Nibiack, Nichol&on, Nocll,
Perliam, Plants, Price, Samuel J. Randall, William
H. Randall, Raymond, John H. Rice, Ritter, Ross,
Rou&seau, Sawyer, Sitgreaves, Tabor, Taylor, Thayer,
Thornton. Trimble, Van Aernam, Ward, Warner,
Henry D.Washburn, William B. Washburn, Welker,
Whaley, and Wright—75.
NOT VOTING— Messrs. Ancona, Baldwin, Bca-
man, Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee,
Bandy, Chanler, Cook, Cullom, "Culver, Darling, Den-
ison, Dixon, Dod?e, Dumont, Finck, Goodyear, Grider,
Htiriis, Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Demas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Kelso, Loan, Mar-
shall, Marvin, Mclndoe, Moulton, Patterson, Phelps,
Pike, Pomeroy, Radlord, Rogers, Shanklin, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Upson, Elihu B.
Washburne, Stephen F.Wilson, Winfield, andWood-
bridge—51.
So the House refused to lay on the table the
resolution and pending amendment.
The previous qu estion then recurred on agree-
ing to the amendment of Mr. Dawes, to strike
out "the 25th" and insert "the 23d."
Mr. BROMWELL. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
On agreeing to the amendment there were—
ayes 50, noes 60.
The SPEAKER voted in the negative ; and
the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution.
Messrs. FARNSWORTH andlNGEESOLL
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 57*, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Barker, Boyer, Broomall,
Buckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Davis, Dawes,
Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Eckley, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Eliot, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Grinnell,
Griswold.Haie, Aaron Harding, Hart, Holmes, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard. James R. Hubbell,
Johnson, Julian, Kasson, Kerr, Ketcham, Koontz,
Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham, George V.Lawrence,
Le Blond, Longyear, McCullough, McKee, Mercur,
Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Newell, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Noell, Perham, Pike, Plants, Price, Samuel J.
Randall, William H. Randall, Raymond, John H.
Rice, Ritter, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Sitgreaves.
Taber, Taylor, Thayer, Thornton, Trimble, Van
Aernam, Ward, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. W ashburn, W elker, Whaley, W oodbridge, and
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker. Banks, Baxter,
Benjamin, Bidwcll, Bingham, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Donnelly, Driggs, iariiMYorth,
Farquhar, Ferry, Abner C. Harding, Higby, Hooper,
Hotchkiss/Asahel W. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jcnckes,
Kelley, William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Marston,
McClurg, McRuer, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Alexander II. Rice, Rollins, Schenck,
Scofield, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Wentworth, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Win-
dom—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs,Ancona.Baldwin.Beaman,
Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Chanler, Conkling,
Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Denison, Dixon, Dodge,
Dumont, Finek, Goodyear, Gridor, Harris, Hayes,
Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Jones, Kelso, Mar-
shall, Marvin, Mclndoe, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Radford, Rogers, Shanklin, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Stilwell, Strouse, Upson, Elihu B. Washburne, and
Winfield—48.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ROSS said: Is it in order now to have
the resolution of the caucus read ? [Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to in-
terrupt the roll-call after a response has been
made.
Mr. LE BLOND. My colleague [Mr. Fikok]
is detained at his house by illness.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to change my
vote for the purpose of reconsideration.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Delako] will be entitled to the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would like to ask a
question. If the gentleman from Ohio moves
to reconsider, will it be in order to move to post-
pone the question on his motion to reconsider
until some day in the future?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will probably move to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table. Does the gentleman change
his vote?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not unless I can make
the motion I desire.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the yeas and
nays on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 59, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Barker, Boyer, Broomall,
Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Daris, Dawes, Daw-
son, Dofrees, Delano, Deming, Eckley, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Eliot, Glossbrenner, Griswold, Hale, Aaron
Harding, Hart, Holmes, Chester D. Hubbard, John
H.Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Johnson. Julian, Kasson, Kerr, Ketcham, Koontz,
Kuykendall. Laflin, Latham, Geoige A'. Lawrence,
Le Blond, Longyear, McCullough, McKec, Mcltuer,
Mercur, Miller, Moorhead. Morris,Newell,Niblack,
Nicholson, Noell, Pike, Price, Samuel J. Randall,
William 11. Randall, Raymond, John il.Rice, Ritter,
Ross, Rousseau. Sawyer, Sitgreaves, Tabor, Taylor,
Thayer, Thornton, Trimble. Van Aernam, Ward,
AVarner, Ilenry D. AV ashburn, AYilliamB. AAr ashburn,
AVelker, Whaley, AVoodbridge, and Wright—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, DelosR.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Baxter,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Donnelly,
Driggs, Earnsworth, Earquhar, Ferry, (rrinnell, Abner
C Harding, Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahcl AV.
Hubbard, Ingersoll, Jenclces, Kelley,William Law-
rence, Loan, Lynch, Marston, McClurg, Morrul,
Moulton, Myers,O'Neill.Orth.Paine, Perliam, Plants,
Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Spalding,
Stevens, Franeis Thomas, Trowbridge, Burt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, AVentworth, AVilliams.
James E. AVilson, Stephen E. AVilson, and AVm-
dom—59. , . T1
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Baldwin, Bea-
man, Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Chanler,
Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Dumont, Emck, Garfield, Goodyear, Grider,
Harris, Hayes, Henderson, Hill,Hogan Demas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Kelso, Marshall,
Marvin, Mclndoe,Patterson,Phelps, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, Alexander H. Rice, Rogers, Shanklin, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, John L. Thomas,
Upson, Elihu B. "VVashburne, and Winfield—61.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
itjseduen's bureau.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following letter of the Clerk of the House in
regard to the execution ot an order of the
House; which was laid on the table:
Clerk's Office,
House of Representatives United States,
Washington, D. C., July 18,1866.
Sik: In accordance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives, I have this day presented
to the Secretary of Stat© the act entitled "An actio
continue in force and to amend an act to establish a
Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and
for other purposes."
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
^ EDA7ARD McPIIERSON,
Cleric of House of Representatives United State).
Hon. Schuyler Cowax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
indefinitely postponed bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 156) to amend the ninth
section of the act entitled "An act to increase
the pay of soldiers in the United States Army,
and for other purposes; "
An act (H. R. No. 701) granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Imogene Buckingham, of Edgar
county, Illinois;
Joint resolution (H. E. No. 46) for the relief
of Martha McCook;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 188) for the
appointment of a commission upon transpor-
tation between the western States and the
Atlantic sea-board; and
Joint resolution (H. R, No. 20) requesting
the President to suspend any order mustering
out the officers of the Veteran Reserve corps
until Congress shall take some legislative action
in regard to the corps.
The message also communicated the proceed-
ings of the Senate upon the announcement of
the death of Hon. James H. Laxe, late a Sen-
ator from the State of Kansas.
DEATH or SENATOR LANE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following communication from the Senate:
In tee Senate of the United States,
July 18,1866.
Resolved, That the members of the Senate have
learned with regret and sorrow of the sudden death
ot Hon. James H. Lane, late a Senator Irom the
State of Kansas.
Resolved, That as an evidence of respect to the
memory of the deceased, and of sincere sorrow and
sympathy for his bereaved and afflicted family, the
Senate do now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate these
proceedings to the House of Representatives.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Mr. Speaker,
with unusual frequency we have been called
upon during the session nowdrawing to a close,
to pause at the portals of the tomb, and to pay
the last tribute of respect to those who have
mingled with us in the business of legislation.
The inexorable summons to the eternal world,
which sooner or later must come to us all, has
beenrecenilyheard in both Housesof Congress,
and vacant seats remain to remind us of the
uncertainty of all earthly hopes, and the final
termination of all human ambition and human
conflict.
The sad duty now devolves upon me of form-
ally announcing to the House an event al-
ready known—the death of Hon. James H.
Lane, one of the Senators of the United States
from the State of Kansas. The manner of his
death was such that it seems to be peculiarly
proper that I should briefly refer to some of
the circumstances attending the sad event. On
the 11th of June he left Washington for the
last time. For several weeks previous to his
departure his mental condition excited the seri-
ous apprehensions of his friends. Those who
knew him best, and were conversant with his
wonderful mental and physical characteristics,
saw in him a change which excited their most
serious apprehensions.
His friends were hopeful that a change of
scenery and relaxation from his senatorial
duties might restore his health and give quiet
to his mind. On his arrival at St. Louis his
symptoms grew worse instead of better; but
he proceeded to his home at Lawrence,_ and
for the time being it seemed that his vigor-
ous form was stronger than his disease, and he
in a measure threw off both his physical nnd
mental prostration. Transacting business with
great rapidity, he determined to return to liis
