2954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cisco the next day. He is liable to be at one
place one month on one duty and at another
place next month on another duty, and so on;
and if he rent a stately mansion at enormous
vent at each place where his duty may take
him, and bring his family to it, the gentle-
men are not mistaken jn supposing that it will
eat up his salary, no matter what it is. We
could hardly fix any salary that would meet
such expenses, but it is a burlesque upon the
profession of arms to suppose them legiti-
mate.
In the field an officer is not now entitled to
commutation of quarters. There is but a single
case in which an officer is now entitled to com-
mutation of quarters, and I will show presently
that it is only paying his tavern bill. He is
entitled to commutation of quarters in one pre-
dicament, and there is nothing in that one tried
by the touch-stone of truth except paying his
tavern bill. _ Whenever an officer of the Army
is on duty with troops, the Government is bound
to furnish him with quarters. If he gets the
quarters in kind he is not entitled to commuta-
tion. It may be a tent. It may be rails sloped
"up against a fence, with a little straw thrown
over them. It may be a thatched roof. It may
be a manger. It maybe a stable, or it may be
a palace. Nothing is charged, one way or the
other. The Government furnishes these quarters
to the officer, and deducts nothing from his i
compensation, and will not, under this bill. ;
This bill leaves it unchanged. In the ease
where an officer is entitled to commutation of
quarters, let us investigate that to see whether
I am right that it is nothing but paying his
tavern bill.
The gentlemen who cling to this remnant of
barbarism simply want the people to pay the
tavern bill of these officers while they seem a
little reluctant to let the people know it. I do
not wonder at that; they might grumble. Sup-
pose a colonel of cavalry or infantry or a col- i
onel of the engineer arm of the service should i
be ordered to go from this city to Philadelphia |
to make an estimate of the cost of a certain j
fortification or to build one. He has no troops i
with him. He has no adjutant with him. He1
has no men with him. No military family as
it_ is called. He does not even take a clerk
with him. Why? He does not need these
appendages. He goes to Philadelphia in the
discharge of his duties. He goes to the best
hotel and of course puts up there and applies
himself to the duties for which he was sent. It
takes him six months to perform them. At
the end of six months he comes back here and
enters upon another duty. Now, I ask, if you
allow that officer commutation for quarters—
not for office rent, for if an office is needed
the Government is to fhrnish it—if you allow ;
him commutation for quarters will you be do- !
ing anything more or less than paying his j
tavern bill? That is all there is in it." !
Gentlemen seem to contend that every time
an officer of the Government occupies a post,
gets a room assigned to him by the Govern-
ment by hook or crook, that it diminishes his
compensation, that there is to be some kind
of deduction on account of it. A greater j
error than that one could scarcely fall into. I
There is not a word of truth in it. The Gov 1
ernment furnishes quarters, and an officer oc- j
cupies them without charge or deduction one !
way or the other, under the law as it now stands, j
and that is just what he will do under this bill, i
In that regard there is 110 change where there
is an actual occupancy of Government quar-
ters, all we have heard to the contrary not-
withstanding. Of an officer we might say,
whenever he gets quarters he gets them: and
when the Government gets any money of him j
lor it it will do it good. But under certain con- ;
tmgencies that I have just named he gets com- I
mutation of quarters. It is very well indeed j
to make fine-spun theories in regard to this
matter, but the better way is to come down to !
the regulations. What is written in black and i
wuite, what tne _ law of the country is on the j
subject, will be found in sections ten hundred I
June 4,
and eighty and ten hundred and eighty-four,
page 161, of the Regulations of the Army :
"10S0. When public quarters cannot be furnished to
officers at stations without troops, or to enlisted men
jit genera! or department, headquarters, quarters will
oe commuted al a, rate fixed by the Secretary of
\\ a.r and fuel at the market pricc delivered. When
fuel and quarters are commuted to an officer by rea-
son of his employment 011a civil work tho commu-
tation shall bo charged to tho appiupriution for the
work, pio commutation of rooms or fuel is allowed
to the officers or messes."
"108i. Officers and troopsin the field are not entitled
to commutation for quarters or fuel."
Why ? Because they get the quarters and
the fuel, and it is simply absurd to talk of com-
mutation for a thing furnished in kind.
I desire to say a few words more in regard to
fuel. From what gentlemen have been saying
one would naturally infer, if we did not know
better, that an officer always got commutation of
fuel. Now, it is the rarest thing in the world
that an officer gets any such thing. I have
been near five years in the service of the Uni-
ted States myself as an officer, part of tho time
during the Mexican war and the rest of the
time during the late rebellion. I have been
stationed at posts and I have been in the field.
I have commanded posts, brigades, and divis-
ions. I have been in West. Virginia, in Ken-
tucky. in Tennessee, in Alabama, and in Mex-
ico. I was stationed in command of Puebla,
iu Mexico, and at Nashville, in Tennessee.
And yet I never drew a single dollar at any
time, nor did I receive a dollar for commuta-
tion of quarters or of fuel, because I was not
entitled to it, and because the Government al-
ways furnished it. Fuel is public property. If
the Government delivers to me ten cords of
wood and I use up one half of it and am then
ordered to another duty I have no right to ap-
propriate the remainder to my own use, but the
Government has a right to come around and
take what is left. I cite the following section
of the regulations in regard to fuel:
1073. Fuel issued to officers or troops is public
property for tbeir use. What they do not actually
consume shall bo returned to the quartermaster and
taken up on his quarterly return."
We had read to us the other day a passage
from a very interesting volume called ''Across
the Continent," The object of it was, I sup-
pose, if it had any application at all, to show
the enormous price of provisions at Denver
and at other posts on the Pacific slope. But
that fact is of no^ consequence at all unless the
officers there stationed had aright to draw their
rations in kind, a right which has not existed
for many years. It is forty years since the let-
ter of Paymaster General Towson was written.
It seems that at that time rations might be
drawn in kind.
To proceed with the argument, take a colonel
stationed where the ration is worth two dollars
instead of thirty cents. He has no right at all to
draw that ration in kind and then deduct the
thirty cents. W hat he had the right to do under
the old law—and that this bill does not change
at all—was to draw commutation for his rations
and then go to the commissary atld buy the sub-
sistence necessary for the support of himself
and his family, payingthe Government the eost
price, less the expense of transportation. The
regulations declare in so many words that ra-
tions must be commuted at the price fixed by
the Government. And then section twelve hun-
dred and thirteen provides that an officer may
draw subsistence stores, paying cash for them
at contract or cost price, without including cost
of transportation, on his certificate that they
are for his own use and the use of his family.
Suppose his rations or subsistence are hauled
from St. Louis to Denver, part of the way in
wagons. An officer, as the law now stands
and under the present bill, though he cannot
draw commutations for his rations, can go to
the commissary and buy them at the eost price
to the Government, less the cost of transpor-
tation. The truth is, as regards nearly every
one of the criticisms, the law will be exactly
the same after this bill has passed as it was
before.
I suppose that every one of the gentlemen
who oppose this bill is willing to arrive at
the truth in regard to tho matter ; and having
heard so much about this thing of reducing
the pay of the Army I concluded that 1 would
institute a comparison; that I would lay the
books down before me and see whether these
charges were true, and if they were in any
material and ruinous degree the bill should
have no support from me. I have accordingly
entered on the right-hand margin of this bill
the compensation fixed by it and on the left-
hand margin the compensation under the pres-
ent law, and I propose to compare them in
order to see how just the criticisms of the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wooddkidge]
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Thayer] are.
The Lieutenant General under this bill gets
$12,000 per annum. Under the law as it now
stands he gets $13,392. The gentleman from
Vermont will bear in mind that I start out with
what would seem to sustain his charge; and it
does so so far as this officer is concerned. I
am entirely willing to make the salary of the
Lieutenant General $15,000, for that matter. 1
should be very reluctant to vote against any
sum for his salary, seeing where it would go to.
A major general, under the law as it now
stands, receives, exclusive of fuel, commuta-
tion of quarters, and forage, $5,772, and under
the law as provided by this bill he would get
$7,000 in one contingency, $6,500 in another
contingency, and 86,000 in a still further con-
tingency : graduatingthe compensation accord-
ing to the character of the service performed.
A discrimination is made in the amount of sal-
ary in favor of the hardest kind of work and the
most valuable sendee to the country. Does
that bear out the charge of the gentleman from
Vermont? Did he not "waste his sweetness
011 the desert air" when he expended so much
eloquence on the reduction of salaries? A
reduction from $5,000'and fuel, quarters, and
forage, to $7,000! It seems to me that it was
a waste of eloquence, and that I should be
wasting eloquence—were I capable of it—if.I
were to take up time in replying very much at
length to that part of his very able speech. The
gentleman is from Vermont and will pardon me
for repeating what his fellow-countryman said,
that '"lie hated to kick at nothing, it wrenched
him so." [Laughter.]
We come now to brigadier generals. I have
already adverted to lieutenant generals and to
major generals, and we have seen that neither
of them is turned out upon the cold charity of
the world without house or home. I come now
to the brigadier general. He receives, under
the law as it now stands, $3,918, with the other
items mentioned, and under this bill, in one
contingency he would receive $5,500, and in
another contingency he would receive $5,000.
Now, if that is ruining an officer of that grade,
I imagine that he would like to be ruined every
day of his life. [Laughter.] Ifthatissuch
an enormous wrong that it cries to Heaven
for vengeance, I suppose that he wishes all
mankind to stand back and let him become its
victim. [Laughter.]
TWe come down now to the office of colonel.
Under the law as it now stands the colonel gets
$3,180 and the other items named. Audl°ear
in mind, Mr. Speaker, that in instituting this
comparison I have taken the highest grade of
compensation ; that is to say, I have taken the
pay of a colonel in the cavalry arm of the ser-
vice. There is a very slight difference between
the pay of officers in the cavalry arm of the
service and those in the infantry arm of the
service. In order to make the comparison
most favorable tothegentleman from Vermont.
I have taken the cavalry arm of the service.
A colonel in that service receives now, under
the present law, as I have stated, $3,180 and
the items named. Underthe bill now pending,
this terrible bill, this bill that is going to starve
these men, and turn their children out of house
and home, subjectiisg them to the merciless
pcltings of the pitiless storm, gives a colonel
■"S3,500, in one contingency, and $3,000 in
