1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
fourths of tile said Legislatures, shall be valid as part
of said Constitution, namely:
Article —. The Congress shall hare power to make
all laws which shall be necessary and proper to secure
to the citizens of oach State all privileges and immu-
nities of citizens in the several States, and to all per-
sons in the several States equal protection in the rights
of life, liberty, and property.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, this resolu-
tion, as tlie House is aware, has received its
first and second readings. It comes back from
the committee in the precise form in which it
was originally reported. I do not propose at
present to detain the House with any very ex-
tended remarks in support of it. I ask, how-
ever, the attention of the House to the fact that
the amendment proposed stands in the very
words of the Constitution of the United States
as it came to us from the hands of its illustrious
framers. Every word of the proposed amend-
ment is to-day in the Constitution of our coun-
try, save the words conferring the express grant
of power upon the Congress of the United
States. The residue of the resolution, as the
House will see by a reference to the Constitu-
tion. is the language of the second section of
the fourth article, and of a portion of the fifth
amendment adopted by the First Congress in
1789, and made part of the Constitution of the
country. The language of the second section
of the fourth article is—
"The citizens of oach State shall bo entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in tho several
State*. '
The fifth article of tho amendment provides
that—
"No person shall bo deprived of life, liberty, or
property, without duo process of law."
Sir, it has been the want of the Republic
thai there was not an express grant of power
in the Constitution to enable the whole people
of every State, by congressional enactment,
to enforce obedience to these requirements of
the Constitution. Nothing can be plainer to
thoughtful men than that if tlve grant of power
had been originally conferred upon the Con-
gress of the nation, and legislation had been
upon your statute-books to enforce those re-
quirements of tho Constitution in every State,
that rebellion, which has scarred and blasted
the land, would have been an impossibility.
I ask the attention of the Ho.use to tho fur-
ther consideration that the proposed amend-
ment does not impose upon any State of the
Union, or any citizen of any State of the Union,
any obligation which is not now enjoined upon
them by tliu very letter of tho Constitution. I
need not remind gentlemen hero that tho Con-
stitution, as originally framed, and as adopted
by the whole people of this country, provides
that—
"Thii Constitution, and tho laws of tho Unitod
States which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and
all treaties made, or which shall bo made, under tho
authority of tho United States, shall bo tho supremo
law of tho land; and tho judftos in every State shall
bo bound thereby, anything in tho constitution or
laws of any Slat© to tho contrary notwithstanding."
Could words bo stronger, could words be
more forceful, to enjoin upon every officer of
every State the obligation to obey theso great
provisions of the Constitution, in their letter
and their spirit? 1 submit to the judgment of
the House, that it is impossible for mortal man
to friuno a formula of words more obligatory
than those already in that instrument, enjoin-
ing this great duty upon tho several States and
tlie .several officers of every State in the Union.
A ml, sir, it is equally clear by every con-
struction of the Constitution, its contempo-
raneous construction, its continued construc-
tion, legislative, executive, and judicial, that
these great provisions of the Constitution, this
immortal bill of rights embodied in the Con-
stitution. rested for its execution and enforce-
ment hitherto upon the fidelity of the States.
The House knows, sir, the country knows, the
civilized world knows, that thciegislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial officers of eleven Stales
within this Union within the last five yoars, in
utter disregard of theso injunctions of your
Constitution, in utter disregard of that official
oath which the Constitution required" they
should severally take and faithfully keep when
they entered upon tho discharge of their respect-
ive duties, have violated in every sense of the
word these provisions of the Constitution of
the United States, the enforcement of which
are absolutely essential to American nation-
ality,
By order, then, of the committee, sir, and for
the purpose of giving to the whole people the
care in future of the unity of the Government
which constitutes us one people, and without
which American nationality would cease to be,
I propose the adoption of this amendment to
the House, and through the House I press it
upon tho consideration of the loyal people of
the whole country.
I do not propose, Mr. Speaker, longer to
detain the House with the consideration of
this amendment, but submit it to the careful
and dispassionate judgment of every gentleman
in the House.
Tho SPEAKER. Does the gentleman sur-
render the floor absolutely?
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to my colleague
on the committee, the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] and I yield the floor
absolutely for the present.
Mr. CHANLER. I hope the gentleman
from New Jersey will yield to me before he
resumes his seat.
Mr. ROGERS then addressed the Mouse.
[His remarks will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. HIGBY, who, on obtaining the floor,
had yielded to Mr. Rogers, whose time was
extended, resumed the floor.
Mr. ROGERS. I thought that my time had
been again extended.
The SPEAKER. A proposition was made
to extend the gentleman's time, but objection
was made.
Mr. KELLEY. Ihopethcllousewill extend
the gentleman's time.
Mr. BANKS. With tho consent of the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Higby,] I will say
a word.
It is manifest that this debate cannot be fin-
ished this evening. It is very important that
the joint resolution relating to the Industrial
Exposition at Paris should be disposed of. If
this amendment be permitted to go over until to-
morrow, the House can then determine whether
the gentleman from New Jersey shall be per-
mitted to proceed or not.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
I wish it understood that the gentleman from
New J ersey does not speak for me. [Laughter. 1
Mr. ROGERS. I speak for myself.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Higby] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. itlGBY. Yes, sir.
Mr. IIALE. I rise simply to suggest that
the consideration of this amendment reported
from the joint committee has taken me, at least,
by surprise, and I presume that the case is the
same with a majority of the members of tho
House. Wo have had no notice that the sub-
ject was to conic up this morning.
Mr. BINGHAM. I gave notice ten days
ago, when this joint resolution was recommit-
ted, that I would ask for its consideration when
it should be reported back.
Mr. HALE. I am not speaking by way of
complaint. 1 only called attention to the fact.
It seems to me that this is an amendment of
vast importance, and one that requires the most
careful and thoughtful consideration on the part
of this House. I do not propose to discuss it,
but simply to say it has struck me as liable to
many grave and serious objections. This be-
ing so, 1 suggest whether it is not better that
this should now be made a special order and
set down for a day certain, as early as the com-
mittee may desire, so we may have an oppor-
tunity to prepare ourselves for its consideration.
I make this proposition with no feeling of hos-
tility to the amendment any further than may
may be justified by careful and proper consid-
eration, and certainly without any disposition
to interfere with the consideration of tho sub-
ject by the House at the earliest practicable
moment.
I submit the suggestion to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who reported the
resolution from the select committee, whether
it is not better we ^should now make it the
special order for a certain day so that we may
be able to examine it as it deserves.
Mr. KELLEY. I hope that the gentleman
fromNew Jersey [Mr. Rogeks] willbeallowed
to finish his speech.
Mr. BINGHAM. If it can be made the
special order for an early day, and the discus-
sion confined within a reasonable time and the
vote be then taken, I have no objection to it.
I desire a full discussion of this measure. I
believe the interest of the country requires the
House should act on it, and act on it at an early
day.
A Member. Say Thursday next.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection to
make it the special order for Thursday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state if
made the special order for Thursday next, it
may be reached within a week or ten days, as
there are two special orders before it, the loan
bill and the bankrupt bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. Let it bo understood, then,
it will come up as unfinished business after the
morning hour-to-morrow.
Mr. HALE. Do I understand there are now
special orders which have been reached and
passed?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir; the bankrupt
bill and the loan bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not see the neces-
sity for all this hurry. It must be known to
the House that all these measures linger in the
Senate. They do not press them to a vote at
once but give time for a full .debate of the very
questions we have rushed through under the
previous question. The result is that the Sen-
ate do not have to send for bills to the House
after they have passed them. There is no need,
therefore, oppressing these measures through so
rapidly.
Mr. BINGIIAM. I do not propose to press
this through without debate, but 1 do object to
it being thrown out of its order. If it be desired
to interrupt tho debate here, I make the sug-
gestion it go over until to-morrow, to come up
after tho morning hour as unfinished business.
Mr. SMITH. What has become of the prop-
osition granting an extension of time to the
gentleman from New Jersey to enable him to
finish his speech?
The SPEAKER. Objection was made, but
the Chair will again put it to the House.
Mr. SMITH. Is all that has since taken
place to be put into his speech ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
Mr. KELLEY. I am not willing that the
gentleman from New Jersey shall go on to-
morrow, but I am willing to give him the rest
of the day to finish the ingenious address which
he has been making to the House.
Mr. WINFIELD. It is hardly just to the
rest of the House to accede to the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania granting further
extension of time to the gentleman from New
Jersey, because the time allowed to the gentle-
man fromNew Jersey is more than half monop-
olized by the constant interruptions of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to give him such
time as I have abstracted from him.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is remarkable that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] is
anxious to have the time extended because he
is permitted to interject his speeches into that
of the gentleman from New Jersey.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. As an
act of duty, I object.
The SPEAKlJR. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham ?]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask that the gentleman
from New J ersey have leave to print the bal-
ance of his speech.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object, if it is to go out
with the interpolations of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
