1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3915
instant, the mortal remains of Senator Lane
were borne to their last resting-place on a beau-
tiful eminence overlooking the city of Law-
rence, followed by a stricken family, and by a
vp,st concourse of his friends and fellow-citi-
zens; Forgetting the political asperities and
errors of the past, a whole people united in
honoring the memory of one who served his
adopted State with restless energy, and who
for ten long years was her faithful servant and
defender. It is fitting that he should sleep
beneath the soil of the State he loved so well,
and that the good he did on earth should thus
be remembered by a grateful people.
I submit the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives of the
United States has received with deepest sensibility
intelligence of the death of Hon. James H. Laxe,
late Senator from Kansas.
lleioleed. That the proceedings of this IIouso in
relation to the death of Hon. James H. Lane be
communicated to the family of the deceased by the
Clerk.
Itcmlved, That, as a farther mark of respect for
the memory of the deceased, the House do now ad-
journ. f
Mr. FARQUHAR. Mr. Speaker, as the
Representative of the fourth congressional dis-
trict of Indiana, I arise to respond to the an-
nouncement of the death of Senator Lake of
Kansas, under circumstances both painful and
embarrassing. It was in the district from which
I come that he was born and spent the years
of childhood and early manhood. It was there
that the pioneers knew him as the prattling
child, and their offspring as associate at the
festive board and comrade in arms, as they bore
triumphantly our "starry banner" to the cap-
ital of a sister republic. It was there his hap-
piest days were spent, under the influence and
benign care of a pious Christian mother, and
unrestrained society of his highly educated and
accomplished sisters that the gentler qualities
of liis iron nature were cultivated and devel-
oped. It was there that he first gave evidence
of those remarkable powers of endurance that
enabled him to successfully compete with all
opposition in whatever field of enterprise he
embarked. It was there that he first drew his
maiden sword and led to the field the stalwart
comrades in arms, who won with him at Buena
Vista their full share of the imperishable glory
of that hard-fought field. It was there that he
developed in repeated contests his acknowl-
edged preeminence as one of the most suc-
cessful political debaters of the age, who never
made a canvass but in triumph.
Senator Laxk was born at Lawrenceburg,
Indiana, in June, 1814, and was the son of
Hon. Amos Lane who represented that district
in the Congress of the Republic. His father
was widely known as a prominent Democratic
politician of Indiana, and a succcssful lawyer
of more vhan ordinary abilities. It was in the
bitter contests of the old Whigs and Demo-
crats, in which his father took a conspicuous
part, that the Senator, then a youth, became
inspired with the love of polities which in after
years fashioned and molded his character, hab-
its, and actions, culminating in eminent success
and calamitous death.
Senator Laxe was emphatically a man of
the people. With the politicians he never was
popular, but while in Indiana sustained suc-
cessfully a war for preeminence with those of
his own party. With the people he was a great
favorite and successfully enlisted them in his
behalf in every contest in which he partici-
pated, and served as Lieutenant Governor, sen-
atorial elector, and as Representative in the
Thirty-Third Congress from my State.
It was not his forte to inaugurate and mature
the policy of his party, so much as to study
and follow the lead of the people, and thereby
seemingly, at least, become the -champion of
their lavorito measures. He was a bold, fear-
less, and succcssful advocate of whatever cause
he championed, and the friends of human free-
dom on- the western border have lost an able
leader in the great cause to which they and he
showed so much devotion and made so much
sacrifice. He was a self made and self-reliant
man who scorned dependence on others, appre-
ciating, if not boastingly, with confidence, the
sentiment—
"Thy spirit, Independence, let me share ;
Lord of the lion heart and eagle eye.
Thy steps I follow with my bosom bare,
. Nor heed the storm that howls along the sky."
As a military leader he was beloved by those
who served under him. In Mexico, ana espe-
cially at Buena Vista, in command of the third
Indiana infantry, he won with those under him
imperishable glory, as in the last charge of our
enemy on that to them fatal day his regiment
did invaluable service on their flank, while the
grape of Captain Bragg arrested their desper-
ate charge in front.
That he had military genius of high order
and was born to command is attested by the
fact that when Kansas was overrun by border
ruffians, and the gallant men that saved her
were in arms, on the morn of that memorable
day when Lawrence was threatened, his extreme
lines were sixty miles apart and well in hand
at the hour of attack. "None but a military
genius could have concentrated them as he did,"
said a gallant officer of the regular Army, who
has since given his life for the Republic. The
result was the overthrow of the border ruffians
and permanent triumph of the party of Free-
dom in that beautiful garden spot of liberty.
The devotion of the men who served with him
in Kansas attests his services to that noble
young State. He fought its battles, shared its
fortunes, served its people, and received its
honors. His restless spirit is still forever, and
that iron form so familiar to his associates in
the camp, the Senate Chamber, at the bar, and
the social board, reposes beneath the soil of his
adoption that he defended so well. Would that
it had gone out differently, in the forefront of
battle, with armor on and victory perching on
our banners.
Mr. N1 BLACK, Mr. Speaker, I feel that I
ought not to allow this occasion to pass with-
out saying a few words.
General Laxe's ancestors, like mine, were
among those who first penetrated the wilder-
ness of that region of country which has since
become the great State of Indiana; and al-
though my personal acquaintance with him did
not commence in early life, yet I have had
with him for many years an agreeable acquaint-
ance and pleasant personal relations.
I have also been associated with him in legis-
lative positions which have brought me more
or less in contact with him. My first personal
acquaintance with him commenced in the year
1849, at the time when ho was inaugurated as
Lieutenant Governor of the State ot' Indiana.
I was then a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives of that State for the first time. The
year following I was elected to the Senate of
the State, of which ho was the presiding officer
by virtue of his position as Lieutenant Gov-
ernor of the State. I served as a member of
the Senate during the remainder of his official
term. Before that I had only heard of him as
the gallant colonel of two of our favorite Indi-
ana regiments, and I only knew him by reputa-
tion. My acquaintance "thus formed with him
continued until the time of his death. Although
I was never personally intimate with him our
personal relations were always kind, and differ-
ing, though we often did, the exciting ques-
tions which have occupied the public mind
since that time never disturbed our kindly
relations.
I can say, and say with truth, that General
Lake was, in all the relations of life in which
I knew him, a marked man. He was not a
learned man ; he was not so cultivated as oth-
ers ; but he was a man of strong will, of great
force of character, of indomitable energy, and
of high ambition. He always became a cen-
tral figure in any movement in which he was
engaged, and he always bore a prominent part
in any enterprise with which he connected
himself. As a political leader, although ap-
parently bold and reckless, he was in truth a
discreet and prudent man. I always conceived
him cautious in devising his plans and mapping
out his future life, but bold and resolute in the
execution of those plans, never deterred by any
dangers which seemed to threaten him per-
sonally or by any consequences which might
result to him. From what I knew of him, I
could not regard him in any other light than
as a man of both physical and moral courage.
As a military leader, his courage, I presume,
is unquestioned, and the other conflicts in which
he engaged and which have been spoken of
here to-day, I think sufficiently established hia
reputation as a man of moral courage. It is
not my purpose to refer to those scenes which
have been portrayed by the gentlemen who have
preceded me. They take one view of those
questions, and I, perhaps unfortunately to my-
self, take the other view. But while thus advo-
cating these other views, and differing from
General Lane as I have done, I am not the less
willing to bear testimony to those traits of char-
acter which have made him so prominent in
the political history of the country for the last
fifteen or twenty years. As I have Remarked,
he was a man of ambition. He struggled hard
to obtain that political prominence .and power
and influence which in the later years of his
life he possessed. After years of unremitting
struggle, after passing through one of the most
remarkable contests in the history of this coun-
try, he succeeded in obtaining a position which
gave him influence and power in the councils
of the nation. He became a member of the
Senate of the United States, and was continued
for many years preceding his death in a posi-
tion which many of the best minds of the coun-
try have been willing to devote a large portion
of the best years of their lives to attain—a
position that would gratify the ambition of
most men.
Possessingsomueh, therefore, as would seem
to have endeared life to an ambitious man, the
struggle must have been a fearful one, the de-
spair must have been terrible, which induced
him to lay violent hands upon himself and be-
come the destroyer of his own life. Of all the
forms in which death can come, none is so
mysterious and terrible as the one by which his
life was closed. It is hard for us to conceive
that one so gifted and occupying so exalted a
position should grow so weary of life. But by
his own act he has passed away from among
us. As has been well remarked by the gentle-
man from Kansas, [Mr. Clarice,] it is our duty,
a duty which ought to be strictly observed, to
draw the veil of charity over all his faults and
failings, and the misfortunes, whatever they
may have been, which darkened the close of
his career.
As a citizen of the State of Indiana, before
he emigrated to the far distant Territory, he
was already a marked and distinguished man.
And in the great struggle of life through which
he has passed, he has given evidence of some
of the highest traits of manhood. Indiana can-
not be insensible to the great loss which Kan-
sas has sustained in his death. I therefore
bear my willing testimony to much that has
been said in his behalf by those who have pre-
ceded me on this occasion. As a citizen of
Indiana, 1 have to express my profound regret
at the sad termination of so active and event-
ful a life as his has been. 1 very heartily sec-
ond the resolutions which have been offered.
The resolutions were then adopted.
And thereupon (at five o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &o„ were presented nnde*
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
15y Mr. USGLESTOX: The memorial of the Louis-
ville and Portland Canal Company and the Cincin-
nati Chamber of Commerce, asking a loan from the
Government of $1,000,000 in bonds, to aid the canal
company to complete said canal.
By Mr. WILLIAMS t Tho petition of41 citizens of
Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, praying lor such
an amendment of the tariff as will .protect Amoi ican
labor to the extent of the difference between the cost
of capita] and labor abroad and at home.
