2956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 4,
Description of servants,
Recapitulation,
Karnes.
Complexion.
Hei
F.eet.
glit.
Inches.
Eyes.
Hair.
S
Jim Jones   
Black.
Black.
5
5
8
10
Bark.
Bark.
Black.
Black.
John White  
Now, it may be said that the above is the
perfection of all reason not divine, but I con-
fess it does not seem so to me. It will be seen
from the above that a colonel gets one hundred
and eighty rations per month for himself and
sixty for his servants, and yet he is not per-
mitted to draw a single one of them, but is
bound to take the commutation or take noth-
ing. Who is wise enough, then, to divine why
it is put down as rations at all, instead of being
added to his pay prt)per as so much money?
Who can tell, unless it was to throw mystery
around the matter and keep somebody in the
dark? Then look at the private servants for
the clothing of which and monthly wages and
subsistence an officer draws pay. Why not
add all of these items to the pay proper at
once, and let it be an honest gross sum that all
may understand? In pronouncing this system
the perfection of human reason, I presume that
the descriptive list that is given above of the
servants isincluded in the encomium. Oh, how
important it is to set forth their complexion,
and height in feet and inches, and the color
of their eyes and hair! What amazing virtue
that kind of stuff imparts to a pay-roll i How
'insipid it would be without that kind of infor-
mation! I do not see how it could be im-
proved unless there were a provision in the
law requiring the weight to be set forth, such,
for instance, as that the aforesaid Jim weighs
one hundred pounds and the aforesaid John
one hundred and fifty pounds, avoirdupois
weight by Fairbanks's cattle-scales. If that
provision was added it were as easy to garnish
the stars as to add to the perfection of this
blessed system, born, as we are told, of the
wisdom of ages.
Mr. Speaker, a few years ago when a man
wanted to convey a piece of real estate worth
$•300 he was obliged to spread it out over four
or five sheets of paper. And that kind of
hoary-headed error was in vogue for years.
And men were not wanting prepared to swear
that the country would go to ruin if any change
should be made in that regard. Yet I can now
convey $10U,000 worth of real estate, the most
valuable real estate in the whole country, and
not use more than twenty words, and the con-
veyance is just as valid as this ancient parch-
ment that has been handed down to us from
the remotest period of the old English lav/.
It was revered almost as much as the vicious
system proposed to be abrogated by this bill.
Thus we have a glimpse, imperfect though
it be, of the sublime wisdom handed down to
us from a former age ! This is the wisdom to
trench upon which is sufficient to make the
angels weep ! This is the sort of hoary-headed
error that we ought to continue from age to age
and from generation to generation! And when
the people, through their representatives, com-
plain about it they are to be told that it is none
of their business. This is what we are to say
to the people who foot the bill, the hard-handed
yeomanry of the country who furnish the money.
Mr. SOIIENCK. Y\"ill the gentleman from
Indiana allow me to correct him? He has
stated that a colonel is entitled to draw for
three servants twenty-four dollars. I would
remind the gentleman of the fact that by an
explicit act of legislation the officer is allowed
for each servant the same compensation which
is paid to a private soldier, making the com-
mutation for three servants forty-eight dollars.
And the allowance for clothing is increased
to $19 50.
Mr. DUMONT. That is true. I was aware
of that. My illustration was but supposititious,
but the gentleman .from Ohio will observe that
I have made out the pay account of a colonel
with care. My illustration was just like sup-
posing that a man's name was John Brown,
whereas John Smith would have answered the
purpose of my argument just as well. I was
simply trying to showthe absurdity of claiming
perfection for this vicious system.
I recollect a story that illustrates this whole
thing. When I was in the Mexican war, an
officer was allowed forage in kind, but was
entitled to commutation for forage, according
to the number of horses he had. The regula-
tions prescribed, I will suppose, that a colonel
was entitled to three horses, a brigadier gen-
eral to five, a major general to seven, and so
on clear through the chapter. A certain brig-
adier general, somewhat celebrated for his w'ag-
gery when he was provoked into it, had drawn
the pay for his horses, and was required by a
superior officer, who suspected that he actually
had not the full number of horses, to set forth
their cost, so that, if they happened to get
killed in service, their value might be known ;
that there might be documentary evidence in
regard to what the Government would have to
pay. That was the pretense. The real inten-
tion was to mortify the brigadier and compel
him to tell a bigger lie than he told when he
drew his pay. Still he made the report, as
ordered, and as supplementary thereto went
on and gave the pedigree. He came down at
length to mule, "pedigree unknown,'' [laugh-
ter;] value, "not worth a damn." [Renewed
laughter.] And that is this beautiful system
embalmed in the heart of the nation ; a sacred
thing not to be touched by sacrilegious hands.
Mr. Speaker, I fear I may be charged with
making light of serious things. That is the
reason why I want to wipe out this system, as
one cannot talk of it without, seemingly at
least, making a trifler of himself. He cannot
do it and tell the truth without seeming to
indulge in unbecoming levity and apparently
turning himself into a mountebank.
I think every gentleman will agree with me
in one thing. If the salary of every officer in
the country was fixed in the same way, it would
have a demoralizing influence. The tendency
would be to demoralization. I do not say it
would demoralize such arnan as my colleague.
I simply mean that is the tendency of the sys-
tem. The tendency would be that «only those
could resist it who were, like him, of lioman
firmness-and able to stand side by side with
Cato himself in the preservation of his integ-
rity.
I said to a gentleman the other day that I
had seldom seen a pay-roll which stated the
exact truth in every resjiect, and all its details.
He replied to me, •' Have you then made out a
pay-roll every item of which was not in accord-
ance with the facts?'' I told him that my pay-
rolls were correct, and if they had not been I
did not propose to testify against myself. The
pa}'-roll of any honest man ought to bo strictly
true. ,,
Take such a case as this. Six officers may
mess together. They have three servants to
wait upon them. Now, these three servants
might go down upon every one of these offi-
cers' pay-rolls if they were dishonest, and
count eighteen. There are no charges in re-
gard to this practice. Too many in the same
position, and he who livjs in a glass house
takes good care not to throw the first stone.
In regard to that part of the bill to which tho
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr., Thayer] *
so well referred, I mean that concerning for-
age, 1 understand has been remedied by an
amendment. It is true an officer cannot carry
forage in his saddle-bags, and that lie would
find it difficult to get it on the frontier. The
interest of the' Government is that an officer
should be well mounted. I understand that
an amendment has been proposed disarming
all criticism in this regard.
I simply propose, in concluding these re-
marks, to say that there are two distinguishing
features between the law as it now stands and
the bill which proposes to abrogate it, both of
which are in favor of the bill. One is to give
a fixed salary in lieu of these various items,
the tendency of which is as I have already
described. The other is to discriminate in
favor of field duty. The law as it now stands
discriminates in favor of post duty. The law
as it now stands discriminates in favor of city
duty. The law as it now stands discriminates
in favor of staff duty. In my judgment, it is a
vicious system, and ought at once to be abro-
gated.
The distinguishing glory of this bill is that it
fixes a just and equitable system and holds out
inducement for men to get into the field instead
of getting into the city. A man to be a good
military officer should be inured to hardship,
day toil and night toil, sleeping on the damp
ground with nothing but the canopy of heaven
above to shelter him. If a man has been
effeminated, if the nerve has been taken out
of his arm and the strength out of his back-
bone by living in Washington, Philadelphia,
or New York for a series of years, he is not fit
to go into the field at all. This bill encour-
ages that kind of service most valuable to the
country. It encourages that kind of service
which makes our heroes.
Now, having disclaimed all hostility to the
Army or the officers of the Army, having dis-
avowed any intention to decrease their pay
in a ruinous manner, as charged. I declare it is
my intention to give my vote in favor of this
bill after the amendments which have been
offered shall be adopted. It will be doing them
no harm while doing a great deal of good to
the service of the country.
Mr. DAVIS obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me a moment.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. SCTIENCK. I am exceedingly desirous
that this bill should be brought to a conclusion
to-morrow morning if possible, and if there are
two .or three oThers to speak perhaps it might
be well for the gentleman to go on half an hour
to-day. I give notice that I wish to dispose of
the bill to-morrow if possible.
Mr. DAVIS resumed the floor but gave way
to
Mr. WOODBRIDCE, who moved that the
House adjourn.
Tho motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock and ten minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Tiic following petitions, &c., were presented under
thorute and referred to tho appropriate committees:
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of N. Be.wMey, ,T.
W. Sterne, and 8 others, bankers, of Onyiuei county,
■New York, prayms for the modification of the act
t,ixiii-,' the circulating notes of ^totc himk^ after
Julv 1, lSo-5,
AKo, like peiilionof Henry "Westfall, Tlonrv Weed,
and 89 otitis, merchants and bubineas men of Onou-
daga county, New York.
