1996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
mrs. sarah e. wilsox.
Mr. PERU AM, from the same committee,
also reported back Senate hill No. 252, grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Sarah E. Wilson, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Interior be authorized and
directed to place the name of Mrs. Sarah E.
Wilson, widow of William H. Wilson, late act-
ing surgeon United States volunteers, on the
pension-roll, at the rate of seventeen dollars
per month, to commence from the passage of
this bill, and to continue during her widowhood.
It appears from the report, which was also
read, that William H. Wilson, the husband of
the applicant, was sergeant of company I,
eighty-second regiment New York volunteers;
that he was a practicing physician and surgeon
of good standing in his profession : that at the
battle of Bull Bun, July 21, 1861, he was de-
tailed to act in his professional capacity on the
field; that while so acting he was taken pris-
oner by the enemy; that he remained in the
hands of the enemy as a prisoner until the fall
of that year, when he was paroled and returned
to his home : that at the battle of Antietam,
being still unexchanged, he reported to the
proper auchorities at Washington in his profes-
sional capacity, and was sent to the battle-field
to assist in caring for the wounded; that he dis-
charged that duty faithfully and well, and while
in the discharge thereof contracted the disease
whereof he died-March 22, 1863.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. EMK«\XCE QOrLEIt.
Mr. PERHAM, from the same committee,
also reported back Senate bill No. 2G0, grant-
ing a pension to Mrs. Emerance Gouler, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill , which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to place the name of
Mrs. Emerance Gouler, widow of Charles
Gouler, late a private in company F, ninth
New Hampshire volunteers, on the pension-
roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to
commence from the passage of this bill, and
to continue during her widowhood.
It appears from the report, which was also
read, that Charles Gouler, the husband of the
petitioner, was a private in company F, ninth
regiment New Hampshire volunteers, and was
admitted to Satterlee United States general
hospital, Pennsylvania, on the 28th of May,
1864, suffering from fever. That on the 8th
of October following he received a pass from
said hospital to leave the premises for a few
hours, and that no information was afterward
received concerning him until November 29,
1804, when it was stated by soldiers that he
had been drowned. Upon an investigation by
a coroner over the body of a soldier found in
the Delaware river at Pine street wharf, Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, October 14, 1864, he
was identified by the pass and other papers
found on the body.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If I under-
stand this case, Mr. Speaker, this party was a sol-
dier who was accidentally drowned. If that be
so, I do not know why we should make this an
jxccptional case. If we are going to act on it
wo should pass a general law.
Mr. PERHAM, There is a whole class of
cases which we have considered. I do not
know whether this is one of them. The facts
of one ease are that a sick soldier was granted
a sick furlough and was sent to New York in
company with six or seven hundred soldiers.
The vessel which he was on was sunk with
nearly all on board. But I am not sure that
is this ease, though very much like it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to bring to the
attention of the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois that we are to pass upon these special
cases which are not included under the general
law. This case is upon a like state" of facts
referred to by the chairman of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I beg the
gentleman's pardon. I ask the Clerk to read
the report, so that the members of the House
may hear it. y
The report was again read.
Mr. PERHAM. This case has been exam-
ined carefully. It was discussed at length by
the Senate, was passed and sent to us. The
committee here, after investigation, approved
it. It is now before the House, and I think
ought to be passed. This man had a fever,
contracted in the service, and if he had died
in the hospital there would have been no diffi-
culty about a pension. He received a fur-
lough for five or six hours, and on being missed
his body was found in the river.
Mr. BINGHAM. He was sick when he
went out.
Mr. PERHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
see upon what ground you will grant this pen-
sion. This man did not lose his life while in
the line of his duty.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not think w'e should
look narrowly into these "cases. This soldier
was suffering with fever and was in hospital.
If, instead of perishing in the river, he had
died in hospital the pension would have been
granted under the law. He had a temporary
furlough, and was found dead in the river.
No one is able to say how he lost his life.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I beg the
gentleman's pardon ; there is no fact of that
kind appears on the face of the report.
Mr. BINGHAM. The fact has been stated
in the hearing of the House by the chairman
of the committee, that he was suffering under
his disease.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I presume
the chairman of the committee knows nothing
more about it than is stated in the report, and
that states nothing of the kind.
Mr. BINGHAM. I take it for granted that
he knows what he states—that he was still suf-
fering and got leave of temporary abscnce, and
during that time he was found dead in the river.
No one will deny that if he had died in the
hospital his case would have gone on the pen-
sion-roll.
'Mr. PERHAM. In regard to his suffering
in consequence of disease, I have only to say
this: the practice in the hospital is to discharge
soldiers whenever they are in a condition to be
discharged, and I suppose that this soldier was
not in a condition to be discharged.
I have no desire to discuss this matter at
further length. I am willing to submit it to
the House. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for
a division on its passage.
On the passage of the bill no quorum voted.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Pebham, and Washburne of
Illinois. jj,
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 64, noes 38.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the
affirmative to make a quorum, and the bill is
accordingly passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles :
An act (H. II. No. 184) to authorize the sale
of marine hospitals and of revenue-cutters ; and
An act (H. R. No. 25) for the relief of
Thomas Hurly,
organization of till! rENSION office.
Mr. PERHAM. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions have instructed me to report back
House bill No. 278, in amendment of the sev-
eral acts relating to the organization of the Pen-
sion Office, with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute therefor.
The bill was read. It makes the salary of
the Commissioner of Pensions equal to tl at of
the Commissioner of Patents, and the salary
of the chief clerk of the Pension Office equal to
that of the chief clerk of the Patent Office.
The amendment reported by the committee
in the nature of a substitute is as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
ative* of the United States of America in Coagresn
assembled, That from and after the passage of this act
th.e salary of the Commissioner of Pensions shall be
$4,000 per annum, and the salary of the chief clerk of
the Pension Office shall be $2,500 per annum.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Interior shall appoint, from the fourth-class
clerks in the Pension Office, one chief examiner of
Army invalid pension claims, one chief examiner of
Army pension claims of widows, mothers, and or-
phas, and one chief examiner of Navy pension
claims; each of said chief examiners shall bo allowed
$200 per annum in addition to the salaries already
allowed to clerks of the fourth class: Provided, That
nothing in this section shall be so construed as to au-
thorize the appointment of alargernumber of fourth-
class clerks than is now provided by law, including
the examiners aforesaid.
Mr. PERHAM. I am directed by the com-
mittee to move to amend the substitute by
striking out the second section.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish the
gentleman would consent to have this bill
recommitted, and have the bill, substitute, and
amendment printed.
Mr. PERHAM. They are all printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
he will not press the bill this morning.
Mr. PERHAM. I wish to state briefly the
considerations which have actuated the com-
mittee in making the recommendation which
they do make. It will be seen by the substi-
tute, as it now stands, that it only applies to
the Commissioner of Pensions and to the chief
clerk. The salary of the Commissioner of
Pensions now is S3,000, and that of the chief
clerk $2,000. I need not say to any gentle-
man who has had business with the pension
department, that the Commissioner of Pen-
sions is one of the hardest worked officers in
the whole of the Departments of the Govern-
ment. And I need not say that there has been
a very great increase of business in that bureau
during the last three or four years, and that it
becomes necessary for the Commissioner, in
order to a proper discharge of his duties, to
work very much outside of the regular business
hours, even well into the night, and that there
is very great responsibility devolved upon him.
We ere distributing now through this bureau
something more than fifteen million dollars per
annum—more than the whole expense of car-
rying on the Government up to the time of John
Quincy Adams' s Administration. The bills that
are now iu process of passage in Congress will
increase the disbursements to more than twenty
million dollars, and this is to be paid out in sums
averaging less than one hundred dollars each
in all parts of the country, and in almost every
town in the country, making, aside from the
necessity of a careful examination of all the
cases that came before the Commissioner, a vast
amount of business in keeping all these accounts
with such a large number of persons, scattered
over so very large a territory.
It is very true that the applications for pen-
sions may now have reached the maximum and
that there may not be so large a number of ap-
plications for the next year as there has been
for the last year. But it is also true that only
the plain cases have been disposed of. There
are a large number of cases remaining that are
different entirely, cases that require a great deal
of investigation and very much research, to
which the Commissioner of Pensions must give
his careful attention.
Many of the heads of bureaus have deputies,
but we give him none. He is obliged to attend
to all his duties himself. When the salaries of
these heads of bureaus were first established)
