1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ury not otherwise appropriated, to carry into opera-
tion this act.
Approved May 8,1812.
And subsequently, when Ireland was so much
afflicted and brought to a state of starvation,
although we appropriated no money for the
purpose of relieving those who were suffering
atthattime, we directed two ships of the United
States to be used for the purpose of transmit-
ting to Ireland the contributions which the
citizens throughout the country made for that
end, and it answered a very excellent purpose.
I do not, know any mode by which the moral
strength of the country can be so much in-
creased as by these acts of charity to our citi-
zens who by a visitation of Providence have
been subjected to so sad and afflictive a suffer-
ing. I hope, therefore, the bill will be passed
at once.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a very unpleasant
duty to interpose any objection to a bill of this
character intended to relieve the sufferings of
any portion of the people of this country occa-
sioned by a great calamity; but the Congress
of the United States is not a charitable insti-
tution, and the Treasury of the United States
is not to bo used simply as a dispenser of
charity. Now, sir, where is this to stop ? What
is to be the line? We have already, at the
present session of Congress, and since this
dreadful fire in Portland, passed one or two
resolutions for the benefit of the sufferers. We
have passed one resolution authorizing the
furnishing of tents and other accommodations
from the quartermaster's department. We have
passed another resolution or bill relieving the
parties from the payment of taxes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Only suspending the
collection of taxes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is relieving them for
a time by delaying the collection of taxes.
Now the Senator from Maryland comes in with
a proposition to payout of the Treasury of the
United States ยง50,000 in money to these suf-
ferers. Sir, you can hardly take up a news-
paper in the United States that you will not
see an account of a fire somewhere. Where
is the line? Where is the distinction? If you
commence appropriating money to distressed
people who have been burned out, you cannot
stop at Portland. There was a very large fire
at Chicago the other day. I have seen a state-
ment that several hundred thousand dollars'
worth of property was destroyed at a single fire
that has occurred there within a week or ten
days. Fires are occurring all over the coun-
try. Now, does the Senator from Maryland
mean to relieve all those sufferers?
I know it has been complained of in some
quarters that the Congress of the United States
is disposed to arrogate to itself all power, to
take charge of all charities; and in advocat-
ing some measures which I have thought it my
duty to go for I have been charged with get-
ting up a great charitable institution. This
charge was made in reference to the Freed-
men's Bureau bill, a necessity growing out of
the war; but here is a thing of ordinary occur-
rence, and it seems to me that there is such a
thing as carrying a matter of this kind to the
extreme; and as ungracious as it may seem,
and as unpleasant as it is to take such a posi-
tion, I cannot consent to appropriate money
out of the Treasury of the United States in a
case like this, upon the information which we
have; and I should like to know if this bill
comes from any committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. It does not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I suppose
we arc as competent to cfecide upon the ques-
tion now as we shall be after it has been re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance. The two
cases to which I have called the attention of
the Senate my friend from Illinois has not no-
ticed. One was an act passed in 1827, giving
$20,000 for the relief of sufferers from a fire in
Alexandria, and the other was an act passed
in 1812 appropriating $50,000 for the relief of
sufferers by an earthquake in Venezuela, at
Caraccas, 1 think, and both bills passed, as far
as I can sec, without any objection. The prin-
ciple is precisely the same. My friend from
Illinois I have no doubt opposes this bill upon
what he considers to be grounds of duty ; but
he could not help thinking, when making the
objection, that perhaps he had himself recom-
mended legislation which was as obnoxious to
objection as this could be. He recommended
the Freedmen's Bureau bill, and we have
passed it. That provides for the education
and the maintenance of colored people and
refugees, and, instead of taking $50,000, per-
haps it will take some twenty millions. My
friend has no doubt as to the constitutionality
of that measure or as to the expediency of that
measure, and the other day he voted, and a
majority of the Senate voted for a continuance
of that bureau for two years after the period
when it would have expired by the original
limitation.
I am not finding fault with the motive of that;
but I say that if there ever was a case of char-
ity, one resting alone upon the motives that
influence us in doing acts of charity, that was
one. Now, I want to know if that law was
right, if that law was expedient, why it is not
equally right and expedient that we should re-
lieve these people? I know that we cannot
provide for all the people who suffer loss by fire.
There must be some mode of distinguishing
between the cases. Tliis is a loss by fire such
as never occurred anywhere else. It is a loss,
the sufferings caused by which cannot be pro-
vided for, and hardly mitigated, by individual
contributions of citizens of the State in which
it oegurred. Millions upon millions of prop-
erty have been destroyed; everything belong-
ing to the people themselves has been destroyed
and they left penniless and houseless upon the
world, and looking to charity alone to relieve
them from the calamity which Providence has
seen proper to involve them in.
It seems to me, Mr. President, to be right
in itself, to be what the Government should
delight to do if it has the power to do it, that
we should contribute in this way. We see now
that the individual contributions that are being
made throughout the country are very inade-
quate to the wants of the people. Most of the
insurance, I understand, was in the local offices,
and the loss was so extensive that many of the
offices may fail to respond. At any rate, the
insurance will be paid to the owners of the
houses who are. perhaps, able to bear the loss;
but there are thousands and thousands of peo-
ple there without a dollar, as I understand. I
see no necessity for referring the bill to the
Committee on Finance in any event, however,
and I hope the Senate will act on it at once
without a reference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me there is
no sort of analogy between the appropriation
made for the support of the Freedmen's Bureau
establishment and" this bill. This is a pure
charity.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the other?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only spoke of the other
because the Senator from Maryland and those
acting with him opposed the Freedmen's Bu-
reau bill. Are those appropriations, made for
the safety of the nation, to be compared to a
fire in one of our cities? Here are four mil-
lion beings whose condition afiects the satety
of the Republic ; fourmillion people made free
by the results of the war, an element which
affects the whole nation and the safety of us all.
Is the safety of the nationat stake, or is a whole
race at stake in consequence of a fire that has
occurred in one of our cities? Sir, there is no
analogy between the two cases. I did support
the Freedmen's Bureau bill. I thought there
was authority, and ample authority, in the Con-
stitution of the country for that measure. The
southern States are to-day under military con-
trol ; it is necessary to support the Army i n the
southern States; and we are taking care of the
refugees, both white and black. This bureau
is not simply for thg black; it is for both white
and black who have been reduced to poverty
in consequence of the war. What is this case ?
It is a pure charity, and nothing else.
But the Senator tells us that an earthquake
occurred once and Congress appropriated
money to the sufferers. That would be very
unlike a fire. A fire is a thing of ordinary oc-
currence ; fires occur every day in some of the
cities of this Union; earthquakes but very sel-
dom. The danger of such a precedent is very
different in appropriating money to sufferers
from a fire to what it would be ifl the case of
a calamity of nature of that kind. Earthquakes
are not of frequent occurrence. The one is an
act of God; the other an act occurring through
human instrumentalities. I do not suppose
that human beings have very much to do with
the occurrence of an earthquake.
Mr. JOHNSON. We have political earth-
quakes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is true we have some
political earthquakes, and I presume the Sen-
ator from Maryland has been shaken perhaps
by some of those tornadoes, and that is the
reason that he referred to this earthquake of
nature.
Now, sir, I think the precedentis a bad one.
Congress has already shown the sympathy of
the nation with the sufferers at Portland. I
think wo have gone far enough. I have not
looked at the precedent to which the Senator
refers, nor at the debate which occurred on the
occasion of the passage of that resolution ; but
I trust that this bill will not pass without being
examined by some committee of this body to
see upon what grounds we can make such an
appropriation.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall feel constrained to vote
against this bill. I shall do it with exceeding
reluctance. There is no object for the appro-
priation of money that commends itself more
deeply to my heart than an appropriation for
the relief of the sufferers by the Portland fire.
But, sir, I do not concede that Congress has
any power whatever to make such an appro-
priation. It seems to me that we have, or ought
to have, a Government of a constitutional char-
acter, in which the whole power of Congress is
definitely laid down, and I know of no author-
ity in the Constitution that would sanction Con-
gress in making any such appropriation.
I recollect the precedent that was made in
connection with the earthquake at Caraccas, and
also that for the relief of the sufferers by fire
at Alexandria; but this is not a Government of
precedents; it was never intended so to be; and
there cannot be any more dangerous principle
established in our Government than that prece-
dents shall make constitutional law. 1 utterly
protest against any such position. I concede,
as the Senator from Maryland has assumed,
that there was no authority whatever, accord-
ing to my reading and comprehension of the
Constitution, to authorize the charities voted
in the Freedmen's Bureau bill; and the fact
that Congress chose, according to my judg-
ment, so far to disregard constitutional restric-
tions and to grasp power not conceded to it by
that instrument as to make those appropria-
tions, instead of being an argument with me
to do the same thing now, is an argument that
would have a restraining influence upon my
mind and judgment. It shows the proneness
of Congress, from various considerations, to
transcend the powers that it possesses by the
fundamental law of the Government. I think
it is time for Congress to retrace its steps in
relation to the licentious interpretation which
it has been giving to its powers under the Con-
stitution. If I thought there was a power,
(even if I entertained some doubt about the
existence of the power,) on the part of Con-
gress to make this appropriation, I would vote
for it with the greatest degree of alacrity and
pleasure; but notwithstanding that this is an
object that commends itself so strongly to my
sympathies, a sense of duty and of obligation to
