1866.
THE GLQB®.
By Mr. ELIOT; The petition of Elihu M. Mosher,
and 366 other?, citizens of New Bedford, Massachu-
setts, praying that a law regulating the hours of labor
and fixing eight hours as a day's work in the employ
of Government bhould be passedby Congress.
By Mr. HARDING, of Illinois: A remonstrance
from citizens of Ruthsburg, I llinois, againstobstruct-
ive bridges over Mississippi river.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of Delos De Wolf,
and others, citizens of Oswego county, New York, for
modification or repeal of law imposing tax of ten
per cent, upon banks paying out the notes of State
banks alter Julyl, 1866.
Also, the petition of N. Higginbotham, and others,
citizens of Madison county, New York, for modifica-
tion of same law.
By Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY: The petition of John
Cooper for American enrollment of the vessels Three
Hells and Sweet Home.
By Mr. JULIAN: The memorial of L. II. Whit-
ney, and_ 250 others, settlers on the Soscol ranch in
California, praying for the passage of a joint resolu-
tion declaratory of the construction of the act of 3d
March, 1863, relating to said lands.
By Mr. KELSO: Petition of citizens of Little Rock,
Arkansas, for a law declaring the road from Fayette-
ville, Arkansas, via Cincinnati, Arkansas, to Fort
Gibson, Cherokee nation, a post road.
By Mr. SCOFIELD: A petition from volunteer
soldiers praying for a discharge.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 5, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the hill (H.
R. No. 477) further to provide for the safety
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, to reg-
ulate the salaries of steamboat inspectors, and
for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 253) for the
relief of the trustees and stewards of the Mis-
sion church of the Wyandott Indians ; which
wa^ read and passed to a second reading.
REFERENCE OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, it was
_ Ordered, That the bill (S. No. S13) to quiet land
titles m California bo referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 287) to provide for
the construction of a wagon road from Boise City, in
the Territory of Idaho, to Susanville, in California,
yesterday reported from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, be recommitted to that com-
mittee.
DILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 351) to authorize the Secretary of the In-
terior to lease such of the public lands of the
United States as are known as saline lands, or
lands containing mineral springs, and to pro-
vide for the preservation and development of
the same; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. S52)
granting to A. Sutro the right of way and
granting other privileges to aid in the con-
struction of a draining and exploring tunnel to
the Comstock lode, in the State of Nevada;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. NYE. I move that the bill be printed
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONNESS. I think that bill should
go to the Committee 011 Mines and Mining.
Mr. NYE. It is for a grant of lands. It is
simply a right of way and other privileges
thiough the public lands. I think the refer-
ence I propose is proper.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso^
lution (S. E. No. 102) construing and giving
effect to-the joint resolution entitled " A reso-
lution for the relief of the State of Wisconsin,''
approved July 1. 1864: which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE IIOTJSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. 11. No.
587) to incorporate the Soldiers' and Sailors'
Union of Washington, District of Columbia;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed, without
amendment, the bill (S. No. 203) to enable
the New York and Montana Iron Mining and
Manufacturing Company to purchase a certain
amount of the public lands not now in market.
ANNA B. WARD.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had concurred in the report
of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 459)
granting a pension to Anna E. Ward.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask that the
Senate concur in that conference committee's
report. It is simply to strike out words which
were repeated twice in the act, a mere verbal
inaccuracy. I have the report here and sub-
mit it.
The report was,read, as follows :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment to tho
bill (H. R. No. -159) granting a pension to Anna E.
Ward, having met, after fall and tree conference
have agreed to recommcnd, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendment to
said bill.
II. S. LANK,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Managers oatke part of the iSeaate.
NELSON TAYLOR,
P. HAWYElt,
A. HARDING.
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
OCCUPATION OF MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to give notice that
at an eai'ly period, as soon as I can get the
attention of the Senate to it, I shall ask for the
consideration of Senate bill No. 257, reported
from the Committee on Mines and Mining, to
regulate the occupation of mineral lauds and to
extend the right of preemption thereto. We
regard it as an impoitant bill, and as it is get-
ting late in the session, I hope the Senate will
be ready to consider it when we call it up,
which will be at an early period.
NAVAL PENSION FUND.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 95.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope my honorable
friend will waive that motion so that I can ask
the Senate to take up the unfinished business
of yesterday's morning hour.
Mr. GRIMES. This resolution will not take
more than a minute.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I give notice that
atter it is disposed of I shall ask the Senate to,
proceed witli the unfinished business of yester-
day morning.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 95) amendatory of a
resolution regulating the investment of the ;
naval pension fund, approved July 1, 1864,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to amend the resolution approved
July 1, 1364, entitled ''A resolution regulating
the investment of the naval pension fund''
so as to require such portion of the fund as is
oidered to bo invested i#registered securities
of the United States to be made a permanent
loan to the. United States at six per cent, in-
terest, per annum in" coin, payable on the 1st
of January and the 1st of July of each year;
but nothing herein contained is to be construed
to amend or alter Ihe resolution except so far
as relates to the mode of investment.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state that the purpose
of this resolution is simply to change the law
which now requires that the naval pension fund
shall be invested in registered bonds of the
United States. It is designed to make this a
permanent loan to the United States by an act
of Congress, so as to obviate the necessity
which is now imposed by law on the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue these bonds, and to go
through all the forms that ordinary registered
bonds are put through, and also to obviate the
necessity upon the Secretary of the Navy of
keeping^ these bonds after they are issued to
him which are liable to destruction and loss.
It invests this naval pension fund in the same
way as the Smithsonian fund and several other
funds are invested by the United States.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ I should like to inquire
a little more about this subject. What is the
amount of this fund?
Mr. GRIMES. About eleven million dollars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This resolution, I un-
derstand, proposes to,make it a permanent in-
vestment at six per cent., which would preclude
us from making any change hereafter and
attempting to make it less.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state that the resolu-
tion, as it is now before the Senate, is in the
precise phraseology drawn at the Treasury De-
partment, and I have a letter from the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Treasury stating that it
met the approval of the Secretary, and that
the Secretary of the Navy also had been eon-
suited. It dispenses with a great many for-
mulas and a considerable amount of expense,
and also obviates the risk which is now incurred
by having these bonds issued.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difficulty that
occurred to me is, that this is proposed to be
made a permanent investment at six per cent.,
as I understand.
Mr. GRIMES. It is to be a permanent
investment, but the Government ig now obliged
to pay interest at six per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By what law ?
Mr. GRIMES. By all the laws that have
been passed on the subject ever since 1803.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the case with
the Smithsonian fund, but I did not know that
it was so with regard to the naval pension fund.
Mr. GRIMES. It is the case also with the
naval pension fund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the resolution
had better lie on the table until we can look
into the subject.
Mr. GRIMES. I want to get through with
it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to see
how it, affects the laws on the subject,.
Mr. GRIMES. Very well. I move that it
be committed to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. F'ESSENDEN. I object to that. The
Committee on Finance have enough to do with-
out attending to this matter. The Senator had
better recommit it to his own committee.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not want it. Wo have
alreadv considered it.
Mr. 'FESSENDEN. Then I ask that it lie
on the table for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis moved
that the joint resolution be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
IIOl'SE BILL KEFERIiia).
The bill (II. R, No. 587) to incorporate the
Soldiers' and Sailors' Union of "W ashington,
District of Columbia, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference 011 tlio disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to tho
bill (H. R. No. Si) maldug appropriations for the
suppoi t of the Military Academy for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1867, having met, after fu II and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respecthe Houses as follows:
That the Hou.e of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the third, tilth, and sixth
amendments and .agree to the same.
