1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iom
Mr. N ORTON, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Francis
Miller, of Washington, District of Columbia,
praying for the payment of money which he
al leges to be due him for supplies furnished by
him to the navy-yards at Charlestown, Massa-
chusetts, Brooklyn, New York, and Gosport,
Virginia, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred communica-
tions from the Secretary of War and the Post-
master General, calling attention to certain
alleged defects in the statutes of the United
States, providing for the punishment of certain
offenses, reported a bill (S. No. 165) more ef-
fectually to provide for the punishment of cer-
tain crimes against the United States; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
- Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a bill (S. No. Ill) to provide for the
national defense by establishing a uniform mi-
litia and organizing an active volunteer militia
force throughout the United States, reported
it with amendments.
thanks to soldiers and seamen.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a joint resolution (6. R. No. 34) expressive of
the gratitude of the nation to the officers, sol-
diers, and seamen of the United States, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment. I ask for the present consideration of
the joint resolution.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 34) expressive of the gratitude
of the nation to the officers, soldiers, and sea-
men of the United States was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It declares it to be the duty and the privilege
of Congress to express the gratitude of the
cation to the officers, soldiers, and seamen of
the United States, by whose valor and endu-
rance, on the land and on the sea, the rebellion
has been crushed and its pride audits power have
been humbled, by whose fidelity to the cause
of freedom the Government of the people has
been preserved and maintained, and by whose
orderly return from the fire and blood of civil
war to the peaceful pursuits of private life, the
exalting and ennobling influence of fr«(6 insti-
tutions upon a nation has been so signally man-
ifested to the world.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
ICO) to encourage education in agriculture and
the mechanic arts by exempting college lands
from taxation; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. MORGAN. T suppose the proper refer-
ence is to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONNESS. It seems to me the bill
should go to the Committee on Finance, as it
proposes to exempt from taxation.
Mr. MORGAN. I leave it to the Chair to
make the proper reference. I supposed it was
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CONNESS. it seems to me that it in-
volves more a question of finance, as it pro-
poses to exempt from taxation, than one of
public lands. It does not involve the disposi-
tion of the public lands; but I do not care
where the bill goes.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
bill. I should like to hear what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the bill.; which proposes
to declare that all lands located by the several
States and Territories under an act donat-
ing public lands! to the several States arid Ter-
rilorie-- which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and 1 he mechanic arts, i
approved July 2, 1802, and'all lands located I
by colleges, educational institutions, or indi-
viduals, for their benefit, with scrip donated by
that act and sold to them for the benefit of
such institutions by the States or Territories,
shall be exempt from taxation by or under
State or municipal authority while the lands
are held for the purpose of education.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose it is quite imma-
terial where such a bill as that is sent. I ap-
prehend the Senator from New York does not
expect that it will be adopted.
Mr. CONNESS. I think it a question of
finance.
_ Mr. WTLSON. I move the reference of the
bill to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS asked-, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
167 ) to incorporate the Women's Hospital As-
sociation of the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
168) to provide for the disposal of certain lands
therein named; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HOWE also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 109) granting lands to make up deficien-
cies of former grants in aid of the completion
of the Tomah and Lake St. Croix, and the St.
Croix and Lake Superior railroads in the State
of Wisconsin; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POLAND asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
170) to amend an act passed March 3, 1865,
entitled "An act in addition to certain acts
granting bounty lands to officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military scrvice
of the United States which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. POLAND also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 171) for the relief of Reuben Clough;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GUTHRIE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 172) authorizing certain public documents
to be distributed to the district and territorial
judges of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
compensation for indian depredations.
Mr. KIRKWOOD submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on«Indian Affairs be
directed to inquire and report whether any, and if
any what, legislation is necessary to make compen-
sation to citizens of the State of Iowa for losses sus-
tained by them from the depredations of thelnk-pa-
du-tah band of Sioux Indians in the year 1857, and
that said committee have leave to report by bill or
otherwise.
post route ix minnesota.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That Hie Committee on Post Offices and
Post lloads be directed to inquire into the expedi-
encv of establishing a mail route northwardly from
t)u Luth to the Falls of Vermillion river in Minne-
sota.
provisional governors.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
AVliereas the Senate. January 5,1S66, adoptedares-
olution in the following terms:
"Rewhed, That the President of the United States,
if in his opinion not incompatible with the public
iutei est, be requested to furnish to the Senate copies
of all papers or proclamations designating ceitain
persons as provisional governors of States, and an
account of the salary, it anj*, they may have been
allowed; the oaths, if any, they may have taken be-
fore entering upon their duties: and if they did not ;
take the oath of ofiiee prescribed by Congress iorosli- t
c-ers of the United State.-, then why they <1 id not take |
the same; also,-all instructions with regard to their if
duties, and eommnnieations between them and the
President, telegraphic: or otherwise; also, copies of
any communications in his possession from such per-
sons to any convention or legislative assembly in
their respective States; also,copies of any constitu-
tion, articles, or laws purporting to hare been adopted,,
m such States, so far as tho same affect the present
therein°" SH ^at-es and the rights of persons
And whereas no answer has yet been received by"
the Senate, and the information called for is deemed
important: Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States,
if m his opinion not incompatible with the publio
interest, be requested to furnish to the Senate the in-
lormation called for in the foregoing resolution.
freedmen's bureau Reports.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
bo requested to communicate to the Senate, if not, in
hisjudgment, inconsistent with the public interests,
the reports of theassistant commissioners ofthe Freed-
men's Bureau, made since December 1,1865.
harbors in wisconsin.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of War bo requested
to furnish for the information of the Sonate a state-
ment of what sums of money may in hisjudgment be
necessary for tho improvement of tbeharbors on Lake
Michigan, in the State of Wisconsin, namely, the har-
bors of Kenosha, Racine, Milwaukee, Sheboygan,
Manitowoc, and also at Superior, on Lake Superior, in
the State of Wisconsin.
investigation of cotton frauds.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to call up the resolu-
tion that I offered some time since in relation
to an investigation of tho frauds in cotton; and
preparatory to making that motion I ask that
the communication which I now send to the
Secretary's desk may be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky moves that the Senate now
procecd to the consideration of a resolution sub-
mitted by him on the 9t.h of February for the ap-
pointment of a committee for the investigation
of frauds alleged to have been committed by
the agents of the Cotton Bureau; and he sends
to the Chair a communication, the reading of
which is asked for. It will be read, if there be
no objection.
Mr. CON NESS. How long is it ?
Mr.POMBROY. That communication seems
to be a very long one, and I think perhaps it had
better be printed.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a document of great in-
terest.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not like to object to
the reading of it; but it seems to be very long,
and will occupy a good deal of the time of the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I will simply state that when
this resolution was under consideration before,
I was asked by some gentlemen to specify cases
before they would vote for an investigation.
This communication is from one of the Treas-
ury agents, who was stationed at Natchez, and
it makes many disclosures of particular cases
of most revolting fraud. I merely ask that it
be read for the information of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Kansas object to the reading of
the paper?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Lot it be printed, and
laid upon the table.
Mr. CONNESS. - As tho reading of that
paper would probably occupy the remainder
of the morning hour, I hope the Senator will
ask for its printing.
Mr. DAVIS. That would satisfy me, if it is
acceptable to the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. And then we can come to
the consideration of the resolution oil another
morning with the whole question before us.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that it be printed for
the information of the Senate, if that is tho
wish of gentlemen.
* The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky now moves that the com-
munication presented by him be printed for the
use of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me we should be
establishing a much more dangerous precedent
