2958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the second amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same with an amendment
as follows: in line two of the said amendment strike
oat the word " ten" and insert in lieu thereof the
word "live," and the Senate affrcc to the same.
WILLIAM P. PESSENDEN.
JOHN CONNESS,
«EORGE READ RIDDLE,
Manaaers on the pa rt, of the Senate.
R. P. SPALDING,
S. M. CULLOM,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The result is that the
House recede from all their disagreements
except one, and in that case they agree to our
amendment with an amendment which reduces
somewhat the sum that was appropriated by
the Seriate. If there is no objection to the
report on the part of the Senate, I suppose it
may be adopted at once.
• The report was concurred iu.
CLERKS OF IXTEMOK DEPARTMENT.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move to resume
the consideration of the unfinished business of
the morning hour of Yesterday, Senate bill
No. 282.
Mr. SUMNER. Will that take much time?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 think not.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 282) to reor-
ganize the clerical force of the Department of
the Interior, and for other purposes, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment reported
by the select committee, in section four, line
four, after the word "Interior" to strike out
the words " shall be the same as that now al-
lowed bylaw to the Commissioner of Patents,"
and to insert, " namely, the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, the Commissioner of Pensions,
and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office shall be $4,000 each per annum so
that the section will read:
Sec. 4. Andbeit further macted, That fromand after
the commencement of the next fiscal year the compen-
sation of the Assistant Secretary of the Interior and
that of the heads of the bureaus of the Department
of the Interior, namely, the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, the Commissioner of Pensions, and the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, shall be J4.0U0
each per annum, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In the same section four
I move to insert the words " other than the
Patent Office" after the word •' bureaus" inline
eleven, so as to make the clause read, "and
that of the chief clerks of the bureaus other
than the Patent Office," &c. The salary of the
chief clerk of the Patent Office now is §2,500
per annum. The reason why his salary is 32,500
and ought to remain at that is that he is not
only the chief clerk of the bureau, but he is the
disbursing officer of the bureau, and has to give
bonds in a large sum for the safety of the funds.
The effect of the amendment I propose is to
allow the salary of the chief clerk of the Pat-
ent Office to remain as it is now fixed by law,
while if these words be not inserted the section
would reduce his salary to $2,250, which ought
not to be done.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the committee why the Commis-
sioner of Patents is left out of the officers enu-
merated in the fourth section whose salaries
are raised.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to the hon-
orable Senator that the Patent Office was cre-
ated distinct by itself, and is paid, not out of
the funds of the Treasury, but out of the fees
which are received by the Patent Office. The
Commissioner of Patents receives §4,500 per
annum by'the existing law, and the committee
thought it not wise to reduce that salary, al-
though were they now to fix it they would
probably fix it at the same sum as that pro-
posed for the other heads of bureaus.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have not resisted the
progress of this bill because 1 did not wish to
make any amendment to it, but now I desire
simply to state the effect of the bill. I was
not a member of the committee organized to
consider it and did not wish to interfere with
its consideration by the Senate; but before it
is finally acted upon the Senate ought to un-
derstand that the effect of the bill, although
attempted, it seems to me, to be disguised to
some extent, is to increase the salaries of all
the clerical force of the Interior Department
from ten to fifteen per cent. In other words,
it pays three hundred and thirty-six employes
in the Interior Department very nearly the
same compensation that is now paid to three
hundred and eighty-two. It is said that the
three hundred and thirty-six will be- sufficient
to perform all the duties required in the Inte-
rior Department. I think so, too; but under
existing laws the Secretary of the Interior can
reduce the number of his clerks. The num-
ber decreased is forty-six, and the salary or
compensation now paid to forty-six clerks is to
be divided among the remaining employes.
My objection to this bill, and the only reason
why I shall vote against it is, that in my judg-
ment this is not the time to commence an
increase of salaries, for of course the increase
provided for in this bill, equal to about twelve
or fifteen per cent., must run through all the
various Departments of the Government. If
this bill passes, as a matter of course the same
claim will be- made from all the different bu-
reaus and Departments in Washington, extend-
ing to some two or three thousand employes,
and having passed this bill we cannot resist
their claims. Indeed, the business of the
Interior Department is probably less onerous
than that of the War Department or of the
Treasury Department.
I do not wish^o discuss the question, because
the whole thing is in a nutshell. The increase
of salaries amounts to about twelve or fifteen
per cent, by the division among the remaining
employes of the salaries heretofore paid to
forty-six clerks. There is no trouble under
existing laws in reducing the number of clerks;
but under this bill the same persons will be
employed and continued in office. There is
scarcely a doubt of that. It is not contem-
plated to reorganize entirely the whole clerical
force, but the same persons will be continued
in office.
Mr. GRIMES. And the residue as temporary
clerks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps so. I doubt very
much whether there will be an actual decrease
in the number of clerks ; but if there is a de-
crease, it will only show that during the war,
when we needed all the money we could get,
they employed forty-six persons unnecessarily.
That is the whole argument "on which the bill
is founded. I do not wish to argue it; I shall
content myself with voting against it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. This subject was
referred to a special committee on the motion,
I believe, of the distinguished Senator from
Ohio. That committee was constituted of the
chairmen of the different standing committees
the business of which was connected with the
Interior Department—the chairmen of the Com-
mittees on Patents, on Pensions, on Indian
Affairs, on Printing, and on Public Lands. We
had before thatspecial committee aletterof the
Secretary of the Interior and a full exposition
of his wishes on the subject. The committee
then sent for the head of every bureau repre-
sented in the Interior Department. They all
came before us in person, and gave us a full
exposition of the present amount of clerical
force and the amount contemplated by the bill.
The bill is perfectly satisfactory, not only to
the Secretary of thq^fnlerior, but to the Assist-
ant Secretary, and to the head of every bureau
in that Department. But the objection moets
us here which is raised .by the Senator from
Ohio, that it is an increase of salaries. That
is doubtless true, so far as the clerks retained
are concerned; but there is a decrease of
$6,0(10 in the aggregate expenses of the Inte-
rior Department. It is the opinion of the
Secretary of the Interior, and of the head of
every bureau in that Department; that by
reducing the clerical force by the amount of
forty-six clerks, and dividing tlieir compensa-
tion among the remaining clerks retained, they
will get a higher quality of clerical ability, and
that the business of the Department will be
administered more promptly and more effi-
ciently. This, then, is no proposition to
increase the salaries of clerks in one sense,
although it may be in another, for the aggre-
gate expense is decreased, and the efficiency
of the service is increased.
The Senator froi® Iowa asks the question
whether the clerks with whom it is proposed
to dispense will not be really retained as tem-
porary clerks. Under your present law tem-
porary clerks may be employed; under this
bill temporary clerks cannot be employed, for
the number is limited and the compensation is
limited. I have no doubt, then, that you will
secure a greater and more efficient amount of
service for §0,000 per annum less, than you
have at piesent. So far from the argument
being good, that by raising the salaries here
you are required to raise the salaries in all the
other Departments, I hesitate nothing in saying
that if the same kind of special committee was
to-day raised, to reorganize and fix the com-
pensation of the clerks in every Department
of the Government, you might save from fifty
to one hundred thousand dollars per annum,
and satisfy the wants and requirements of the
country much better than you do under the
present system. I think there should be such
a committee raised in reference to the War
Department, the Navy Department, the Treas-
ury Department, and the Post Office Depart-
ment ; and by reducing the number of clerks
and paying a greater compensation to those
retained, you would have more efficient service,
more able clerks, and save from fifty to one
hundred thousand dollars per annum. I do not
see the argument resulting from the allegation
of an increase of expense when we reduce the
aggregate expenses of the Department more
than six thousand dollars a year, and in the
opinion of every man familiar with the subject
get abler and more competent clerks. That is
the whole of it.
Mr. POMEROY. In reply to the remark
of the Senator from Ohio, that if we pass this
bill we shall also have to relieve the officers
of the other Departments of the Government,
it. may not be improper to say that there is no
Department of this Government now in which
the heads of bureaus have not a larger salary,
with the exception of the Post Office^, than is
proposed by this bill. If the Senator will
refresh his memory, he will remember that the
Comptroller of the Currency, to begin with, has
§5,000; he will remember that the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue has §4,000; he will
remember that the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey has $6,000; he will remember that the
Treasurer of the United States has §5,000;
and the Finance Committee, I believe, have
already reported an addition to that which will
make his salary, if we concur in their recom-
mendation, SO,500. When the law was passed
reorganizing the supreme court of this Dis-
trict, the salary of the judges was placed at
§8,000, and wehave since increased it to SI, 500;
and all the heads of bureaus of the Navy De-
partment have a salary at least equal to what
is proposed in this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; they have $3,500.
Each one of the heads of bureaus in the N avy
Department, except the chief of the Bureau
of Yards and Docks, who draws pay as an
admiral, has $'3,500.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not been able to
learn exactly the sum received by the chiefs
of bureaus in the Navy Department, from the
fact that the amount that they receive is not
precisely put down.
Mr. GRIMES. We have the exact amount
in the Navy Register-.
Mr. POMEROY. In the War Department
we have a brigadier general at the head of each
of these bureaus, which gives them a salary
of at least $5,000.
Mr. GRIMES. That maybe, but it is not
so in the Navy Department.
