1998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
ments out of the fifty-five, instead of the old
corps of twenty-four regiments, these ten regi-
ments to be officered by selection from among
the officers of the Veteran Reserve corps and
all other officers and soldiers wounded in the
Union cause in the suppression of this rebel-
lion, the only requirement being that they shall
be found competent upon examination.
These officers of the Veteran Reserve corps
might well say, "It-is hard that we should be
required to undergo a reexamination, having
once passed an examination when we received
our appointments and were confirmed by the
Senate." But these men do not ask for them-
selves, nor is it asked for them, that they shall
be exempt from this reexamination. But the
door being thrown open for all wounded offi-
cers and soldiers of the Union Army, it is pro-
posed that they shall come in with the (est, and
that from the whole the officers for these ten
regiments shall be selected.
Again, how are the men for the regiment to
be obtained? Generally by recruiting, as in
other cases. But there is in one of the later
sections of this bill a provision for obtaining
and providing for men who have suffered wounds
or contracted disability in service. At the close
of the tenth section is the following provision:
It shall be competent to enlist men for the ser-
vice who have been wounded in the line of their duty
while serving in the Army of the United States, or
who have been disabled by disease contracted in such
service, provided it shall be found, on medical in-
spection, that by eueh wounds or disability they are
not unfitted for efficiency in garrison or other light
duty: andsuchmcn, when enlisted, shall be assigned
to service exclusively in the regiments of the Vet-
eran Reserve corps.
Those three provisions in these different
and appropriate sections, show, taken together,
how we would constitute this Veteran Reserve
corps, to consist of these ten regiments. There
is full provision made by which officers and
men alike who have served their country and
have been wounded or otherwise contracted
disability shall not on that account be debarred
from coming with their, meed of help to the
country in doing such duty as they may be fitted
to perform, because they would be unable to
undergo successful!}' that medical inspection
which, both as to officers and men, is a part
of the inquiry into (heir fitness when they
are presented for service; but the rule being
relaxed in their case, they are to be received
notwithstanding their wounds or disability.
If you do not have a provision of that kind,
both as to officers and men, what will be the
consequence? No man who has been wounded
in your cause can ever expect to be admitted
into your service, whether he be an officer or a
private, because the medical inspection always
on inquiry into his fitness will exclude both
officers and men unless you have some such
provision.
But gentlemen say, these men beingwounded
ought not to be employed—let them live upon
their pension ; let them go into the pnrsuits of
civil life. Let me apply that to those gentle-
men who, being themselves already established
in the regular Army, would exclude these
wounded officers of volunteers. When one
of them becomes wounded does he wish to go
out of the Armj' upon his pension ? When one
of them becomes wounded does he wish to be
relieved from all duty, from light duty, and
receiving such entire pay as the law gives him ?
You never hear an argument of that kind come
from that quarter.
But they say that it is to legislate a body of
men into the regular Army who were only
temporarily employed, passing by the question
what these men were taught to expect in the
Veteran Reserve corps when they were given
the privilege of remaining in the Army or not.
Let me say if we do that it is no more than what
we are doing for the regular Army. What are
these new regiments made up of? The nine
regiments of the old Army. They were regi-
ments of three battalions each, raised by law
for the rebellion, and their term will expire by
the limitation of law. Why, every one, whether
he belongs to the School of West Point or was
appointed from civil life, would be turned out
unless such a provision is made as that we
make in the bill. When gentlemen make an
objection of that kind they do not see how far
it will go. If you cannot legislate the Veteran
Reserve corps or any selection of them into
your Army because there is bad policy in it,
then it is bad policy to have twenty-seven new
regiments made up of the nine old regiments
raised only for the war. I expect these gen-
tlemen have forgotten that.
Who are these wounded officers? Let us
look at their character, as they will be spoken
of disparagingly here and elsewhere in refer-
ence to points connected with this debate.
There is a great misapprehension, I expect, in
relation to them. They were appointed to flie
Veteran Reserve corps in 1863,1864, and 1865.
In 1863, when this organization was first begun,
the aggregate of officers appointed was six hun-
dred and eighty. They were appointed without
examination by transfer from the volunteer
service.
It was afterward determined to give a better
character to the corps, and it was provided they
should undergo an examination and be con-
firmed by the Senate. On that examination,
of the six hundred and eighty appointed about
one third failed and were dropped from the
rolls, leaving the number of appointments in
1803 at four hundred and forty-six. In 1864
near four hundred appointments were made
after rigid examination.
In 1865, at the close of the war, only fifty-five
were appointed, making the total appointed and
confirmed by the Senate eight hundred and
ninety. About six hundred remain in the ser-
vice who were regnlarly appointed, confirmed,
and commissioned. Of these six hundred
about four hundred are on duty with General
Howard in the Freedmen's Bureau. I think it
no breach of confidence to say I have his assur-
ance—although like all other classes of officers
there may be some who are unfortunate, who
will be weeded out on examination—yet as a
body he has no better, more efficient, capable,
and intelligent officers than those sent to him
for duty.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the time of
the gentleman be extended.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIBNCK. This is the testimony of
General Howard, and I think it is a better sort
of testimony than that of gentlemen who think
that one-armed men are not fit to be employed
in the service of the United States, and who
would dispense with any further committal of
trust to that gallant and distinguished officer
who sympathizes with and is in favor of pro-
viding for those who have suffered in the cause
of their country.
But it may be asked, why did not these
veterans return to their duty when they so far
recovered as to be fit for any duty whatever?
The answer is most obvious. In about nine
cases out of ten it arose from the fact that there
was an order of the Department in 1862, called
the sixty day order, which provided that if an
officer on account of wounds or disease should
be absent sixty days or upwards, his name
should be stricken from the rolls and his place
supplied by another appointment. In. this
way men who were wounded and who ultimately
recovered far enough to be able to be employed
profitably in the service fell out of the Army
entirely. They found their places filled on
their return to duty.
But, sir, I was going to speak of the char-
acter of these men who are spoken of as unfit
for service, men who have found their way
into this Veteran corps as "loafers" so called.
I happen to have among my papers a state-
ment of the percentage of the number of the
different character of the wounds received by
these men against whom this tilt is now made,
and I find that the percentage of wounds
received by the present officers of the corps is
as follows:
Those of them who have had one wound
constitute thirty-five per cent, of the whole;
those who have suffered from two wounds con-
stitute twenty-five per cent.; those who have
had three wounds in the servvice constitu te nine
per cent.; those who have had four wou ods one
and a half per cent.; those who have received
five wounds, one per cent.; those who have
suffered amputation of a leg, ten per cent.:
those who have suffered amputation of an arm,
nine per cent.; the number not wcritided, but
admitted because of disease or other causes
disabling from duty, only nine and a half per
cent.
And yet people are talking about these sol-
diers as though they were made up of men who
had no claim upon the country by reason of
having actually served in the field of battle,
and of having suffered in their persons by being
exposed to the bullets and bayonets of the
enemy.
But all these remarks are unnecessary when
you take into account the fact that after all
you are going to select from the whole num-
ber, that after all you throw the door wide
open to all who have been wounded; and in-
asmuch as that is the fact, you bring it back
to the reply to the general argument, that a
wounded man is not fit for duty and a wounded
officer cannot properly have command.
Sir, the true reason leaked out from a re-
mark which dropped from one of the gentle-
men from New York, which I have heard
repeated again and again outside, and which
is in fact based upon a general opposition on
the part of those now constituting the regular
Army to having any Reserve corps made up
of wounded men, and, as far as possible, of
wounded officers. The argument is this: that
all the easy places, such as garrison duties and
station duties in towns, will probably fall to
the share of this corps, and the able-bodied
gentlemen of the regular Army will have to
rough it out on the frontier posts,-in the field,
or at hard work.
Well, sir, the only reply I have to make to that
is this, that if any class of men deserve the easy
places, deserve to be put on recruiting duty, in
garrison along the coasts and as gut: ds, where
"ever they can properly perform that duty, and.
not to be sent out to report on the fic ntier, it
is exactly these men who have not only had an
opportunity to prove themselves, but have actu-
ally proved themselves, brave soldiers in the
cause of their country, and have got their dis-
ability in that way. And,so long as that dis-
ability does not unfit them for a reasonable
share of profitable duty, I say, employ them
in that profitable way and give them the bene-
fit of thus being provided for as some compen-
sation for that which they have undergone. If
anybody is entitled to easy places, it is these
men.
Ah! but it is said they would not be fit for
the duty. I suppose not; I suppose not. A
fellow with one arm could not make the salute
properly! A fellow with one eye could not
maneuver his opera-glass properly ! A fellow
with one leg could not lead the " German
he could not waltz properly, even with the aid
of a piece of cork to supply his deficiency!
Now, I trust that all such arguments will be
put aside. I trust that while wo throw the
doors wide open to all men of the volunteers
and of the regular Army, and endeavor to build
up a good and sufficient army upon a liberal
system, we shall give every one a chance ; that
there will be no more of these miserable and
narrow attacks upon and attempts at exclusion
of those who, whatever be their merits other-
wise, have at least proved that they have been
in the way of danger.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I sympathize very
heartily in the line of remarks of my distin-
guished colleague, and I am earnestly in favor
of retaining in the service, as an act of mere
national justice, this Veteran Reserve corps,
but I do desire, before nay colleague sits down,
that he shall give the House the benefit of
whatever knowledge he may have upon thin
point. It is a common objection in the Army
against the retention of this Veteran^ Reserve
corps that practically it will result in having
ten regiments of officers and very few men. I
