1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
if we ordered that paper to be printed, what-
ever may be in it. than we should be by allow-
ing the resolution which the Senator from Ken-
tucky proposes to call up to be taken up. I
am prepared to vote to take up his proposition}
and then if the Senator has a paper from a per-
son whom he is willing to indorse, and which
he believes to be true, I am willing to hear it
read ; and if after hearing it the Senate are sat-
isfied that it ought to be printed, we can vote
to print it; but I am not going to vote blindly
to print whatever may happen to be in that
paper, not knowing who is the man that wrote
it or what it contains. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will insist on his motion to take up
the resolution, and then if he chooses to have
his paper read, let it be read; and if after we
know what is in it we think it ought to be
printed, let us print it.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to the
course suggested by the Senator from Iowa.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question will be, Shall the resolution moved by
tnc Senator from Kentucky be now taken up?
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following reso-
lution, submitted by Mr. Davis on the 9th of
February:
Whereas charges of fraud, peculation^ and extor-
tion havo been mado against agents ol tho Cotton
Bureau by citizens, and especially cotton planters
and cotton factors; ami wherens said charges havo
also been made through tho public press, and tho se-
rious attention of tho Senate callcd thereto; and
whereas it has becn'niado to appoar to the Senate that
agents, in some instances, havo been indicted by tho
State courts for swindling, and tho jurisdiction of said
courts m the premises having been llenicd, and tho
accused agents taken out of tho hands of tho civil
authorities by military forco •
Hcsohed, That a committee to consist of Sen-
ators be, and tho sarao is hereby, appointed to in-
vestigate the said charges, with authority to havo
brought before them persons and papers; and said
committee will roport tho result of its investigation
to the donate for its action.
Mr. DAVES. Now I ask to havo the paper
read, and 1 will make a statement in relation
to it. It is a communication made to me by
Mr. Burnet of the city of Cincinnati. lie was
for some considerable time Treasury agent in
the city of Natchez. He gives a disclosure in
detail of many flagranttransactions and frauds.
I am informed that he is a son of Judge Bur-
net, late ofOincimmti, one of the most elevated
men in America ; indeed, 1 understand that he
himself is a man of good character 5 atanyrate
he was in the service of the Government in that
capacity. \ have seen also in this city another
gentleman whom I know to be a man of credit
and character, and who believes a good deal of
what Mr. Burnet writes, and who says he knows
a great deal more of his own knowledge. I
therefore ask that it be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of this paper is asked for, and it will be
read if there be no objection.
The Secretary proceeded to read, as follows;
"Cincinnati, February 12,18G6.
"Hon. Garrett Davis, United Mates Senator:
"Siu: As the son of Judge Jacob Burnet, of Cincin-
nati, whom you know at least by reputation, andaslate
•Assistant special agent of the Treasury Department,
in the district, of Natchez, though personally un-
known to you, permit me to express my sincere thanks
for youi 1 esolution of the 9th instant, asking an in-
vestigation into the operations of Treasury agentsin
the southern military departments, and tho hope that
you may secure tho appointment of a thorough and
impartial committee, that tho honest may bo \ indi-
cated and the dishonest exposed. Will you excuse
me if X say that the object you havo in view will not
bo half areomplished without tho amendment pro-
posed hy the bunoi able Senator from California?
"That the dishonest agents of the Treasury Depart-
ment abused tho confidence of the honorable Secre-
tary, and were guilty of frauds against tho Govern-
ment and the citizens is unfortunately, too true, but
1 think L am within the limits of truth in saying that
the aggregate amount of all the stealing by Tieasury
agents is insignificant compared to flic wholesale roh-
bery, in some cases, of a single military commander."
Mr. CONNESS. I object to the further
reading of this document, because in its terms
it involves censure (which has a quasi indorse-
ment by being made a part of our proceedings
here) upon agents and officers of the United
States by a person not authorized to moke any
statement, but volunteering it to us for the pur-
pose of information. I object to its further
reading.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule
of the Senate is, that when a paper \s offered
to the Senate and the reading of it is asked for,
it may be read if there be no objection; and if
there be objection, the question shall be sub-
mitted to the Senate and decided without
debate. The Chair submitted the question to
the Senate when the paper was offered and no
objection was made. Objection is now fnade.
The Chair will therefore take the sense of the
Senate whether the reading shall be proceeded
with or not.
Tho question being put, the Senate decided
—ayes twenty-one, noes not counted—that the
reading of the paper should be proceeded with j
and it was continued, as follows:
"The Treasury agent mightask or exact an extra
fee ior a purchasing 'permit/ or might retain a pri-
vato interest in a * trade authority,' but tins was
rarely done in an offensive way and was generally
paid by those who were making largo profits out of
the facilities granted, but military commanders un-
der that ready and elastic pretext, 'military neces-
sity/ and assisted by tho desperate pirates and har-
pies who swarmed at every post under the name of
'detectives,' whoso businessitwas toinvent 'charges,'
thrust his helpless victims into a filthy jail, among
felons and prostitutes, until by fear of death, or hope
of r.elcase, they submitted to the confiscation of their
goods, anft when females were the victim?, as they
often wore, thcro is too much reason to believe they
did not always escape without the sacrifice of virtue
as well as property.
" When BrigadierOeneral M.Brayman (lately pro-
moted lor 'distinguished' services) assumed com-
mand at Natchez, in July, 18G1, he announced in a
speech that 'military power was despotism, and the
military commander a despot.' In his hands and
those of General Dana, his milking officer at Vicks-
burg, it pioved too true. If a complete, unvarnished,
impartial narrative of tho oppression and fraud, the
insulting outrages against personal rights, perpe-
trated during tho reign of terror, inaugurated and
maintained by thoso two commanders, with a full
statement of tho amounts stolen Irom the Govern-
ment and 'black-mailcd' from citizens and divided
among *t.ho rin^' associated with them, could be
Written, I doubt if history could afford its parallel.
"Tho question was not who was entitled to favors,
but who would pay for them; not who was loyal or
disloyal, but who nad anything worth stealing. That
liko crimes under like protests?, wcro committed in
othor departments thcro is no reason to doubt. For
instance, tho amount of property destroyed or carried
off by that amphibious organization callcd the Marine
brigade has been estimated at $30,000,000. Butl pro-
poso only to speak of what 1 saw, or hoard from good
authority, and to tho saino extent of what! suffered.
"1 ontered on the duties of my office in tho district
of Natchez in January, 18(>4. -Having some regard
for tho honor of the Gov eminent and of the Depart-
ment I represented, and soino feelings of sympathy
for tho oppressed, 1 soon became involved in a con-
troversy with Brigadier Geneinl Tuttle, then com-
manding. Had he not been relieved soon after, his
threat to imprison and subject 1110 to a military trial,
which meant, of course, condemnation arid death,
would no doubt havo been carried out. To him suc-
ceeded Colonel (now Brigadier General) B. G. tfarrar,
of St. Louis, whose too brief command, honorable to
himself and tho Government, was terminated in six
weeks by the advent of Biigadier General Brayman,
above referred to, and soon afterGoncrahSlocum, who
as a commander and gentleman is, 1 believe, above
suspicion or reproach, was relieved by General Dana
at Vieksburg.
"To describe to you the condition of affairs under
thoso commanders i^ impossible; as I said to General
Smith, of the investigating commission in New Or-
leans, ' To comprehend it you must live under it.'
"Since tho events to which I am about to refer
transpired. Brigadier General Brayman has said re-
peatedly that, before ho went to Natchez, ho was told
thcro was a Treasury agent there ho could notget along
with,and that when hodiseoveied it was so, and that
ono or tho other 'must go up,'he determined to take
tho power of tho bayonet and ' hoist me first.'
"lie had not been in headquarters half a day boforo
ho sent mo an 'order' to 'hold for military investiga-
tion' a lot of cotton 1 was about to forward to tho
general a cent of the Treasury Department. The pur-
pose) of that order was twolold. First, it was a prop-
osition after tho usual form to steal tho cotton and
divide; in other words, to join * tho rim:.' Secondly,
if tho temptation failed, to force on mo the responsi-
bility of violating a military order.
"Tho fear of major and brigadier generals not
being well developed in me, nor being much inclined
to submit to 'despotism,' civil or military, X disre-
garded tho order, which was itself a violation of tho
act of Congi ess, and forwarded the cotton. From that
time scarcely aday passed without an attempt in some
shape to forco me into an attitude of hostility to mili-
tary autlioiity. [ must not occupy your time with
details. When Bra>inan at length diseovorbd that I
had reported him for levying 'black mail' from a
Government lessee, ami that 1 was preparing charges
against him, he concluded the time had come to take
the 'power of the bavonot and hoist mo.'
" For that purpose charges' were gotten up and sent
to Vlcksburg. What those charges were I have never
known, nor do I believe they were ever intended to
gee the light, and if Colonel JFarrar had not plodgod
his word to furnish mo sworn evidence of the fact I
would hardly dare ask you to believe that they were
concocted m a common brothel under the supervision
of the adjutant of the post, attested by the oaths of a
bawdy house pimp and two prostitutes, one of whom
(ex officio member of the 4 military family ' afterward
married to the adjutant) carried them to the presence
of General Dana and returned with the order for my
arrest, under the escort of one Hutchinson, who be-
ginning, as I was informed, as a livery-keeper and
passing through the degrees of forger, confederate
counterfeiter, deserter, smuggler, and Federal spy,
graduated with 'all the honors' as assistant special
agent of Major General Dana."
Mr. NYE. I wish the Clerk to read that last
sentence again.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think it has been road
once too often.
Mr. NYE. So do I; but the Senate seemed
to think differently.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to its being read
a second time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing will proceed unless the Senate take further
order on the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it iB> manifest
that the Senate ought not to have its time taken
up in the reading of a long communication of
this character.
Mr. NYE. A tirade of slander.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that the
Senator from Kentucky himself will see that if
this paper is read, any other Senator may call
for the reading of any of the communications
which are sent to us. It will occupy probably
the whole of the morning hour to read this
paper. I did not count the pages, but it will
take a good deal of time, and 1 cannot see what
object there can be in reading it. We shall
evidently take no action upon the paper simply
from the reading. I suggest to the Senator
that he himself have the further reading sus-
pended.
Mr. DAVIS. The material part of the
paper has not been reached yet. It gives the
examples of a great many instances of cotton
frauds by name, by time, place, and circum-
stance. When I proposed to have a committee
raised some days ago to investigate these mat-
ters, two Senators stated that such charges were '
made in too general a way, and suggested that
if specific eases should be adduced and should
be made out creditably, so as to demand the
investigation of the Senate, they would be will-
ing to assent to it. I think that this paper,
and wlftit I have heard in confirmation of parts
of it from a gentleman of high character now
in this city, make out a clear and indisputable
case that requires the investigation of the Sen-
ate, not only in relation to one, but many of the
most egregious frauds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ken-
tucky has doubtless examined tho paper and
knows what parts are material. Can lie not
call attention to those parts and mark them so
that the Clerk may read only them ? My only
object is to avoid taking up the time of the
Senate in reading matters which evidently we
cannot take any action upon now.
Mr. DAVIS. • I think the immaterial part,
that which does not relate directly to the cases
and the facts, has been pretty well got through
with. I think that what is to follow now will
bo a narration.of cases and facts.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire of
the Secretary, and let him state what proportion
of the document has been already read, and
what remains unread.
The SEfiitKTARY. About one fourth has been
read.
Mr. CONNESS. The Secretary, I understand,
states that about one fourth of it has been read,
Mr. President, my objection (and the Senator
from Kentucky, I know, will appreciate what
I say) docs not go, of course, to the fact that the
honorable Senator presents this paper here, nor
to tho merits of his resolution; nor is it com-
prehended by the objection of my honorable
friend from Illinois, that the paper is long ; but
it has seemed to me to be a most extraordinary
thing that before the Senate of the United States
an unauthorized and uninvited party is allowed
to come to make a stump speech, charging crimes)
upon officers of the United States, the mosthor-
