1!866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
insured for its full value. Hence it is clear that
even if the parties find themselves dealing with
solvent insurance companies, able to pay them
the amount of the insurance, they will not be
remunerated more than one half the extent of
tH6ir loss.
■ I do not know the number of families that
are turned into tents, their houses having been
entirely destroyed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think from twelve
thousand to fifteen thousand people.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am aware that we
have fires all over the country; there have been
a great many this summer; but no such exten-
sive fire as this has occurred in our country
recently, perhaps not since the great fire in
New York in 183-5. This is a dreadful visita-
tion, one that perhaps will not occur again in
half a century. From twelve to fifteen thou-
sand people have been turned out of doors.
Not only have their houses been burned, but I
presume that they found it utterly impossible
to remove their household and kitchen furni-
ture, and it was all entirely destroyed; and
these people are now placed in tents where they
are without the necessaries of life. The men
are kept employed from day to day in endeav-
oring to provide their families with the neces-
saries of life, instead of running around after
broken insurance companies to get tiie little
that they will get from those companies. This
is a proposition to appropiiate the small sum
of !p50,000. If there is a case that upon the
face of it. appeals to the charity of the members
of the .Senate, I think this is the case.
I am not very particular in hunting up a
provision of the Constitution to authorize me
to vote for an appropriation of this character.
If I can find that past Congresses have exer-
cised the power and that the present Congress
has exercised a similar power, I shall not hesi-
tate, when these poor people are calling upon
the charities of the whole country, to go to
the extent that T am permitted to go under the
Constitution. I think that there are numbers
01" precedents for this bill. I believe that in
addition to the precedents cited by the Senator
from Maryland, a few years ago, at the time
of the Irish famine, we appropriated money
for the relief of the Irish people ; at least we
furnished vessels at the Government's expense
to transport from this country provisions neces-
sary to save those people from starvation. I
have not turned to the legislation on that sub-
ject, and perhaps there was no actual appro-
priation of money made by Congress, but re-
lief was afforded in the way I have described;
and it is certainly strange, if we can at Gov-
ernment expense relieve the suffering- of the
people of another nation, that we cannot re-
lieve the sufferings of our own people.
I hope this bill will not be referred to any
committee, and that a jest be not made of it,
but that it be passed at once. I can see no
objection to it. There are numerous prece-
dents for it. Although, as was very properly
said by the Senator from Kentucky, this is not
a Government of precedents, yet precedents
are much in legislation. They at least show
that gentlemen whom we must take to be as
wise, as capable, and as patriotic as ourselves
have done these things heretofore. Of course
we necessarily rely much upon precedents. It
will not do to say to any lawyer that he must
not rely upon precedents. I apprehend that
we all rely upon them to a very great extent:
and the interpretations of the Constitution given
by past Congresses add much force to the argu-
ments that may be made in favor of the propo-
sition before us.
Mr. President, I, for one, would be willing,
in consideration of the fact that private charity
has clone so little for these people, to extend
the amount proposed to be appropriated. We
desire to put these people as soon as we can in
a position to pay their taxes to the Government,
and if it becomes necessary to make this appro-
priation in order to accomplish that object, I
apprehend we have the power to do it, and it
is good policy to do it. Under these consider-
ations, I hope the Senate will proceed at once
to pass the bill.
Mr. WILSON. The unfinished business of
yesterday, which is of course the special order
for one o'clock, I hope is not to be displaced
by this debate, but I will consent to let it go
over informally for a few minutes to allow this
bill to be disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let us take the vote.
Mr. DAYIS. If my friend from Missouri
will refer me to any provision of the Constitu-
tion which, according to my judgment, gives a
seeming power to Congress- to pass this bill I
will vote for it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not desire to take
up the constitutional question. There is an
older work upon this subject perhaps than the
Constitution. We find twelve thousand suffer-
ing people, poor, unable to provide the means
of daily subsistence to themselves; and we are
told by an older constitution than this that he
that giveth to the poor leudeth to the Lord;
and my friend from Kentucky had better be
laying up some treasure of that sort. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BUCKALEW. I suppose that the
proper motion to be supported by those who
are unwilling or unable to vote for this measure
would be one to postpone it. I see no pro-
priety in referring it to the committee which
has charge of the expenditures of the Senate
alone.
Mr. President, a few years ago the large and
flourishing town of Chambersburg in my State
was burned to the ground. The greater part of
it was destroyed, not by the" act of God, by
mere accident or casualty, but by the act of
the public enemies. It was done at a time,
too, when the Government of tlfe United States
had stripped our Commonwealth of her whole
armed force ; our soldiers were under the con-
trol of the military authorities of the United
States and remote from our borders. In that
defenseless situation, caused by our respond-
ing to the appeal of the General Government,
our State was invaded, and one of our large,
flourishing, wealthy, and interesting towns was
swept from the face of the earth by lire. Great
destitution and suffering fell upon our people.
If there ever was a case when an appeal
could be made to the General Government for
relief and for aid because of the destruction of
property by fire, that was the case. All the
circumstances surrounding that calamitous
event would have appealed powerfully to this
Government for aid audforrelief to our people,
because that act was caused by the default of
this Government in defending our territory; it
was caused by the act of this Government in
withdrawing those forces which would have
defended us on our borders, and indiscreetly
and unwisely disposing of them ill such situa-
tions that we were not protected.
Not one dollar has this Government con-
tributed to those sufferers or to reimburse our
people for the property destroyed on that occa-
sion. If our people of Pennsylvania possessed
twelve votes in this body instead of two, it is
possible that some appeals would have been
made here and strongly pressed—appeals^ to
the charity of the Senate for relief or for reim-
bursement to us for the injuries which we suf-
fered. Instead of that, sir, what has been dope?
Private liberality was appealed to to alleviate
the suffering which fell upon our people, and
subsequently our State Legislature appropri-
ated half a million dollars to pay for the prop-
erty thus destroyed, and destroyed under cir-
cumstances that if there was any fault at all, it
was a fault that rested upon this Government,
and not upon the government or people of
Pennsylvania.
Now. sir, the difficulty, the pressing and
sharp difficulty, which is in the mind of every
reflecting member against voting for a meas-
ure of this kind is, that there is no boundary,
no limit to the exercise of a charitable power
of this description. You cannot distinguish
between cases'of casualty or of accident in dif-
ferent parts of the country, and administer a
system of charity from this point upon any in*
telligent and upon any fair principle of justice.
It will always be a system of favoritism if you
enter upon it. In responding to some appeal
in case of famine in Ireland, or some total
destruction of a great city in Venezuela, there
are limits to the charity of the nation. This
is pne of the Powers of the earth, and in its
capacity as a member of the family of nations
you may, perhaps, infer some color of power
for charity of that description. But in exer-
cising this power among the States of our -
Union, in distributing our charity and our
bounty where suffering appeals to us in the
various States, we are entering upon a field of
expenditure, we are entering on the exercise
of a power which has no limit, no boundary,
no rule, no equality, and finally, to sum it up
in a word, no principle of justice by which you
can be certain that your bounty wiil be admin-
istered in a proper manner and that it will
reach the proper persons.
Now, sir, we are unacquainted with the spe-
cial facts of this great disaster. We know that
it is one enormous in its magnitude and most
afflicting in its character, but I think that the
State of Maine herself should stand forward
upon this occasion. Being possessed of all
the facts pertaining to this great calamity, and
being specially interested in it as the govern-
ing authority, having jurisdiction in the place
where the disaster happened, she should step
forward and administer such relief and extend
such public bounty to the sufferers in this ease
as is appropriate ; and when she has done that
she will have done no more than other States
of this Union have done under similar circum-
stances.
At all events, sir, as at present advised, I
am obliged to say that so long as such cases as
the destruction of Chambersburg are existing
facts in our recent history I am unable to bring
my mind to that frame which will enable me
to vote for this measure.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I regret
exceedingly that the honorable member from
Pennsylvania should have intimated that in
offering this bill there was any political pur-
pose on my part or on the part of any member
of the Senate. It seems to me extraordinary
that, no matter what the subject is,.some of us
are very apt to suppose that our associates are
influenced by party motives. I rise to dis-
claim it in this instance, not only in my own
behalf, but in behalf of the members from New
England. There was not one member of the
'Senate, as far as I am advised, who had any
knowledge of my purpose to introduce the bill
—certainly, not one who over approached me
with a request that I would introduce it—until
I mentioned it on the very day that the bill was
introduced. Itwas prompted by my own sense
of wdiat was due from the nation to the suffer-
ers. Whether New England had twelve votes
in this body, or had only, as Pennsylvania, two
votes, had no influence whatever on me.
The honorable member from Pennsylvania
tells us, not so much questioning the power as
questioning the exercise of the power under
the circumstances, that he is unable to vote for
this appropriation as long as Chambersburg is
unprovided for. Whose fault was it that the
Congress of the United States did not provide
for Chambersburg? Did the honorable mem-
ber ask for an appropriation of that descrip-
tion?
Mr. BUCKALEW. It would have beeo
laughed at.
Mr. JOHNSON. Laughed at! It would
not have been laughed at as far as I was con-
cerned. Cut, Mr. President, Chambersburg
stands in very different situation from that in
which the sufferers by this fire stand.^ Ihat
was the result of war, and it is impossible for
any Government to indemnify against the eon-
sequences of war. The nation would be bank-
rupt if it undertook to provide an indemnity
against injuries resulting from the progress of
war; and the honorable member is, I hope,
mistaken in supposing that the forces were
