1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2959
Mr. POMEROY. The head of the Coast
Survey, and, I think, most of the heads of the
bureaus of the Navy Department, receive a
larger salary than this.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; none of the Navy
Departfnent except one. The Assistant Sec-
retary of the Navy gets $3,500 a year; the
chiefs of the Bureaus of Navigation, of Ord-
nance, of Recruiting, and of Construction and
Repair get $3,500 each; and the chief of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, Admiral Smith,
gets $4,000, drawing pay as a naval officer.
Mr. POMEROY. My attention was partic-
ularly directed to the remark of the Senator
from Ohio, that if we passed this bill the officers
in the War Department would be here asking
for an increase of salary. I directed my atten-
tion particularly in reply to that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to remind the
Senator from Kansas that during this session
the salaries of the officers throughout the Navy
Department have been increased, I believe,
thirty-three per cent.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not know how
much, but I knew their salaries had beerr
increased somewhat. That will bring up the
salaries of the heads of bureaus in that Depart-
ment to at least $4,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The salaries of all the
officers in the naval service have been increased,
as I am informed.
Mr. SHERMAN, [to Mr. Grimes.] Is
that so?
Mr. GRIMES. There is no law of Con-
gress about it, but the Secretary of the Navy
has made an order on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know if
that is so. That is rather a remarkable state-
ment, that the Secretary of the Navy has in-
creased the salaries of the officers connected
with that Department under an order.
Mr. GRIMES. The Secretary of the Navy
has issued an order, under the law of Con-
gress, commuting allowances of all kinds and
paying to officers an increase upon the amount
of their salaries, as fixed by law, in place of
drawing it as commutation for rations, forage,
and servants.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that in the power of
the Secretary of the Navy?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; he has the same
power on that subject that the Secretary of
War has. .All the allowances of the Army
are based on the Rules and Articles of War.
There is no authority of express law authoriz-
ing commutation for quarters, fuel, lights, &c.,
in the Army.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will in-
vestigate this subject he will see that we have
actually placed the salaries in the Interior
Department, if this bill should pass, so far as
the heads of bureaus are concerned, lower
than in the War Department, audi think lower
than in the Navy Department. That was the
understanding of the committee, in view of
this increase of thirty-three per cent, that has
been allowed by the Secretary of the Navy.
I will only arid that in trying to report this bill
according to the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of the Interior and those who are best
informed of what would promote the public
service, the committee agreed to report it in
the manner in which it has been reported.
We do not increase, as has been stated, the
aggregate expense, but we do undertake to
seetire the best class of men that can be em-
ployed by giving certain heads of bureaus more
compensation than they have heretofore had,
and we are informed that it is necessary. It
was stated to us over and over again that they
could not retain in the service competent men
at a salary of $1,800. By this bill a new grade
at ^2,000 is created in each of these bureaus.
They can retain men at that price in the ser-
vice whom they cannot retain at $1,800. The
object of the Government is to get competent
men in these places. As was said by the Sen-
ator from Maine yesterday, there is,i)Q diffi-
culty in getting twelve hundred dollar clerks.
There are plenty of those, and there is a great
pressure for such places ; but when clerks are
advanced to $1,800 they become so familiar
with the duties of the office and understand
the laws, and especially in the Land Office
the land laws so well, that they resign and go
outside and commence practicing, and thus,
in that way, the best officers are lost to the
Department, because they can make more
money outside than in the Department.
This increase was urged upon us strenuously,
because these men have to decide most impor-
tant questions. Every case in every land office
in the United States where there has been a
dispute and a contest is referred to Washing-
ton. Law questions, at least as important as
the judges of our courts have to decide, are
every day referred to the heads of these branches
of the service, and they have to decide them.
If a mistake is made, it takes months, to say
nothing of the expense, in correcting that mis-
take. The branch that I particularly investi-
gated requires not only competent but prac-
ticed and experienced men. A new man going
in there is worth almost nothing in comparison
with those who have remained for years. This
clamor of turning out experienced and faithful
and tried men and putting in new ones, although
it is patriotic and commendable, will not pro-
mote, as I believe, the public service in that
Department.
I was much interested in what the Senator
from Maine said yesterday, from his own expe-
rience in the Treasury Department, that the
service falls to pieces if left in the hands of
inexperienced and incompetent persons ; and
that is the reason why we made this change.
I am satisfied, from my own familiarity with the
Interior Department, that the service will be
greatly promoted if we can secure the services
of the men whom can obtain by giving them
the salaries provided for in this bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There are two or three
verbal amendments necessary to be made as to
the time when the bill shall take effect, as it
may not pass until after the 30th of June. In
the third line of the first section I move to
strike out the word "next," and in the fourth
line after the word "year" to insert "ending
June 80, 1807 so that it will read:
That from and after the commencement of the fiscal
year ending June 30,18B7, the eloiical fores in the
office of the Secretary of the Interior and in the sev-
eral bureaus of the Department of the Interior bhall
be as follows, &e.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought we inserted that
yesterday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As it did not come from
the committee, it was not incorporated in the
vote concurring in the amendments of the com-
mittee. I move this amendment of my own
motion.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In the forty-ninth line
of the first section I move to strike out the
word "next" and insert the word "said;" so
that it will read:
From and after the commencement of the said fiscal
year.
And I also move the same amendment in the
second lino of the fourth section, to strike out
the word "next" and insert the word "said."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those
changes will be made in order to make the
bill correspond with itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a
little more information as to the manner in
which the pay of the Navy has been increased
thirty-three per cent, because I must confess,
if that has been done in my presence here,
without my knowing anything about it, I should
like to know when it was done and under what
law it was done. If there is to be an increase
in one Department of the Government, I would
not stand here claiming that it should not be
done in other Departments of the Government.
I must confess that I am taken very much by
surprise when I am informed that the pay of
the Navy has been increased thirty-three per
cent., and 1 should like to have some explana-
tion from the Senator from Iowa about it.
Mr. GRIMES. T-tkink I can inform the
Senator without muchtrouble. By a law passed,
| I think, in 1792, the Secretary of War was
i authorized to make rules and regulations for
! the government of the Army, which should
| have the same force and effect as laws of the
United Slates, provided those rules and regu-
lations did not contravene the laws of the Uni-
ted States. Such a law as that was not made
applicable to the Navy, because the Navy De-
partment was not created until 1798; and no
law of that kind was in existence authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to make similar rules
and regulations for the Navy until about three
or four years ago, during this war. Under that
law of 1792 has grown up the whole system of
commutations that are allowed to officers of the
Army. I think if the Senator from Ohio will
examine the statutes of the United States he
will find nowhere, except in regard to the lon-
gevity rations, any authority for commutation,
&c. If he will examine the Army Rules and
Regulations he will see that it is by the order
of the Secretary of War. -It was simply by an
order of the Secretary of War that there was a
double commutation allowed to officers sta-
tioned here in this place.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am familiar with that,
and I think all of the Senate are familiar with
that*
Mr. GRIMES. I shall be through in a min-
ute. Up to 1835 officers of the Navy were al-
lowed commutations for quarters, for servants,
for fuel, for lights, and for transportation of
baggage. In the law that passed, fixing the pay
of the Navy, in 1835, there was an express
prohibition against any such allowances being
made in the future to officers of the Navy ; but
it was not made applicable to officers of the
Army. When the naval appropriation bill was
under consideration at the present session of
Congress I offered an amendment repealing the
law of 1835, and allowing the Secretary, there-
fore, under the authority that was vested in him
by the act of Congress, to give commutation in
certain instances. That bill was passed by both
Houses and approved by the President. It is
upon the authority, therefore, of the law as it
stands, with that section of the act of 1835
stricken out of the statute-book, that the Sec-
retary of the Navy has made an allowance to
the officers of the Navy for the increase of their
pay. It met the unanimous approval of the
Committee on Naval Affaira of the Senate, and
I understand it has met a similar approval of
the Committee on Naval Affairs in the House
of Representatives.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was once a member of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and I think
wo passed a pay law, and it was universally
agreed that the system of commutation and
allowance of the Army was not applicable to
the Navy, and at the request of the officers
of the Navy they had a fixed pay. That pay
was increased, I think, on the motion of the
Senator from Iowa ; at any rate some changes
were made when new grades were added.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir, the pay was not
increased and has not been during the war.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there were some
additional grades made and some changes in
the law; but I did not know until this morning
, that under a provision inserted on an appro-
priation bill the pay of the Navy was increased
' thirty-three and one third per cent. I am now
informed of 'the mode and manner of that in-
crease ; and I think the first duty of Congress
is to fix by law a salary for the officers oi the
Army and the Navy. An abuse which has been
ingrafted in the Army from time to time, and
grown up as an admitted abuse, is now extended
to the Navy. It seems to me the better way
would be to establish the salary of both Army
and Navy hereafter by law. If the pay of offi-
cers of the Navy has been increased in this way,
I certainly do not object to the increase of the
pay of such officers as the Commissioner of
Pensions and these various officers five or six
"hundred dollars a year. If by a, simple amend-
ment ingrafted on an appropriation bill, when
many of us were not present—certainly I was
not—the whole pay of the Navy has been in-
creased thirty-three per cent., I certainly will
