1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10S9
rid in their character. My objection goes to that
point; and ill order that it may be disposed of
in another way than by being read to the Sen-
ate, I now move that both the paper and the
resolution be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. Am I entitled to the floor?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky is recognized. '
Mr. CONFESS. I desire to inquire whether
my motion is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is in order, but the Senator from Kentucky is
entitled to the floor on it.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senate has twice passed
upon the question of reading this communica-
tion, and has twice sustained it. I suppose the
communication could have been pretty well
gotten through with by this time. If the Sen-
ator wishes to put his question that the further
reading of the paper be dispensed with, 1 have
no objection, of course, to that question being
put to the Senate; but I claim the floor and
I claim my right to read the paper as a part of
my remarks, and I address it to the motion to
have a committee to investigate the matter of
frauds generally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis moved
that the further reading of this paper be dis-
pensed with, and that the paper with the reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not give way to that
motion so as to forfeit my right to the floor.
If that is to be the effect, I do not yield the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
was made before the Senator from Kentucky
was recognized as having the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I was recognized at the com-
mencement by the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
true; but the Senator from Illinois obtained
the floor, and then the Senator from California.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I called up my
resolution, the Chair put the question to the
Senate whether that resolution should be taken
up, and the Senate decided to take it up. I
then took the. floor upon my resolution and
moved while on the floor that this communica-
tion to me should be read. It was objected to,
and the Chair put the question to the Senate
whether it should be read. The Senate said it
should be. The Senator from Illinois—I be-
lieve it was the Senator from Illinois—then
moved that the further reading of the paper be
dispensed with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I made no motion. I
merely appealed to the Senator from Kentucky
to know if he could not himself dispense with
the reading and point out the particularportions
of it that were material and not take up the
time of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT/ *o tempore. The Chair
will state it was the Senator from California
who made the motion to suspend the reading.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, that motion was put while
the paper was being read. The fact of the par-
tial reading of the paper and the motion of the
Senator from California cannot deprive me of
the floor.
Mi. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me one instant?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to state that my
object was not to take the floor from the honor-
able Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no such suspicion.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator is willing
that the reading shall be dispensed with, I will
withdraw the motion I have made. My objec-
tion seriously goes to the reading of that paper
before the Senate of the United States, and I
feel it my duty sincerely to oppose its being
read, if the Senator is willing to withdraw his
request for the reading of the paper, then I
shall withdraw the motion I have made.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, I am a candid man.
I have no objection to the Clerk suspending the
reading, but I intend to press my motion for
this committee; and to reenforce that motion,
I intend to read that paper.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me again? If the Senator from Kentucky as
a Senator here sees fit to make anything apart
of his speech, it is my privilege to go out of the
Senate and not listen to the honorable Sena-
tor, if the matter should be objectionable. But
this is a paper against officers of the United
States, and it is in that view that I have ob-
jected to its being read by the officer of the
Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to the
affair taking that course, that the reading of
the paper shall now be suspended, and I re-
sume my remarks, and I will take that paper
in my hand and I will read it.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator will have the
honor of doing it himself.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the suggestion?
Mr. NYE. I suggest that to be a better way
to get it before the Senate so that the Senate
will not be responsible for it by having its officer
read it.
Mr. DAVIS. Very good, sir. I am willing
to meet the responsibility.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand the motion to suspend the
reading of this paper and to refer the matter
to the Committee on Military Affairs to be
withdrawn ?
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator intends to
make it a part of his speech I can have no
objection to that being done, as I said before,
but to the present reading and in the present
manner, I object. With that understanding I
withdraw the motion. My purpose is not to
impede the Senator from Kentucky.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion, then, to suspend the reading of the paper
and to refer this resolution to the Committee
on Military Affairs is withdrawn. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty of
the Chair to call up the unfinished business of
yesterday, upon which the Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Dixox] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose I shall be entitled
to the floor to-morrow when the morning busi-
ness is out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. When this
question comes up again the Senator from Ken-
tucky will be entitled to the floor.
representation" of southern states.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That in order to close agitation upon a
queb&on which seems likely to disturb the action of
the Government, as well as to quiet the uncertainty
which is asi tatinjr the minds of the people of the eleven
States which have been declared to be in insurrec-
tion, no Senator or Representative shall be admitted
into either branch of Congress from any of said States
until Congress shall have declared such State entitled
to such representation.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the Senate
has been addressed since the reception of the
veto message by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
sexdex,] and the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] in speeches which, as specimens of
parliamentary debating, are seldom surpassed
in this Chamber. With many of the opinions
expressed by the Senator from Ohio I entirely
agree; and while I shall differ somewhat from
the other two Senators, I admired in common
with the entire Senate the spirit and tone, not
less than the ability, which they brought to the
discussion. It was interesting to notice how
the emotions which excited the minds of both
these Senators suppressed and subdued, yet not
entirely concealed, added new vigor to their
language, a fresher coloring to their ideas, and
the energy and ardor of controlled and sub-
jected passion to their manner, reminding us
of the volcanic fires pent up and smothered in
the breast of the mountain, which stimulate and
invigorate the luxuriant growth on the surface.
Both these Senators were deeply excited by the
position taken by the President. They are not
men quietly to brook opposition, yet they both
spoke of him in measured terms of respect.
The Senator from Maine, in particular, used
language which I-gladly quote:
I believe that thoPresidentis a-friend of his coun-
try* -t believe that he is a patriotic, dovoted citizen;
that he would do nothing to injure any of its institu-
tions under any circumstance if he was aware, while
doing it, of what he was doing."
Yet, when I heard these words from the lips
of the Senator, I confess that I felt that they
were notmuchforhimtosay. Ithonghtit was
not much for that Senator to say of him who,
when the rebellion broke out—then a member
of this body—stood alone of all his southern
colleagues faithful among the faithless; who,
without any possible hope of other reward than
theapprovalof hisown conscience, turnedaway
from all the temptations which beset and over-
powered almost every other Union man in the
South, who, when the war raged in Tennessee,
left these seats where we reclined at ease, and,
in the midst of rebels and murderers, suffered
for his country in mind and in body, by him-
self and in his family, all that man could suffer
and yet live ; I say I thought it was not much
for the Senator to say that such a man was a
friend of his country, that he was " a patriotic,
devoted citizen" "who would do nothing to
injure any of its institutions while aware of
what he was doing." No, sir, it did not, when
I heard it, seem much for the Senator to say.
Yet, when I consider when and where it was
said, the time, the circumstances, I acknowl-
edged it was much. When I reflect that it was
said, when a leader, made such by his party, in
another place, was declaring that the veto, the
constitutional return of the freedmen's bill with
the President's objections thereto was an act
of usurpation; when I remember that leading
journalists were denouncing the President as
a deliberate and dishonored traitor; when I
recall the fact that a distinguished Senator had,
in consequence of the veto, thought it his duty
to introduce a resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
rendering the President ineligible to a second
term of office, I felt that it was very much for
the Senator to say, contrasting, as I did, his
calmness and candor with the unbridled passion
elsewhere exhibited.
In view of this expression of confidence by the
Senator from Maine in the President, in which
I most fully share, I desire to say a few words
on the subject of the resolution now before us;
but before I do so I wish to imitate the example
of the Senator from Maine in expressing my
sentiments on another*Subject. He took occa-
sion, while discussing this resolution, to allude
to the veto message itself. I shall say a few
words upon that question ; but before I do so,
permit me to remark that I felt very much in
regard to the Freedmen's Bureau bill as the
Senator from Maine said he felt. I voted for
that measure, but 1 voted for it with some de-
gree of reluctance. I thought it liable to objec-
tions; but I yielded my objections as I have
often been in the habit of doing, and probably
again shall be in the habit of doing, to those in
whose judgment I have more confidence than
I have in my own. But, sir, I never looked
upon that measure as a principle. I looked
upon it merely as a measure of detail, a mode
of doing a certain thing desirable to be done,
j When I voted for it I did not suppose myself
voting for any principle: I thought I was saying
, that as a measure it was proper to be adopted,
i But when I found that the President of the
! United States, who was to execute that law,
; bad himself such objections to it that he could
not sign it, I was willing to yield my judgment
to what I thought might be his better judgment.
I had, sir, another reason which I will frankly
state. It is my belief—right or wrong—that
what is known as the policy of the President for
the restoration of the late seceded States in this
Government is the correct policy, I believe it
is the only safe policy.
Mr. WADE. I hope the Senator will tell us
exaetlv what that policy is.
Mr. "DIXON. Define I conclude I shall state
what I understand to be that policy. Ifthe Sen-
