2000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
West Point army. West Point has gone fur-
ther up. West Point gets for the most partthe
bureaus. West Point is in the Department.
West Point has the general supervision of the
whole. But when it comes to the line officers,
field and company officers, in the several regi-
ments, I find of the thirty colonels twenty-one
were educated at the United States Military
Academy, eight not graduates of West Point,
and one vacancy. When you come to lieuten-
ant colonels, there are twenty-five graduates
and five who were not graduates of West Point.
Of the majors, fifty-five were graduates of West
Point and twenty-one are from civil life. When
you get to the captains, you find that only one
hundred and thirty-one are from West Point,
while three hundred and three of the present
Army never have been at the United States
Military Academy. Of the first lieutenants,
seventy-nine have been at West Point and three
hundred and sixty-eight have never been there.
Of the second lieutenants, fifteen have been at
West Point and twenty-nine ha\re never been
there, there being a great many vacancies. I
find in the present Army, of field and company
officers one thousand and sixty, and of these
only three hundred and twenty-six were grad-
uates of the United States Military Academy,
while seven hundred and thirty-four never had
that advantage of military education, and have
only been taught by commanding troops in the
field and by such attention as they have been
able to bestow on the subject.
You would exclude these men who in the
volunteer service have been wounded, and yet
when these nine new regiments were made up
the officers who were appointed in great part
had nothing to commend them except political
inflnence to get them their places. There are
men in your regular Army who never until they
were put into that Army served anywhere. I do
not complain of this. You had to make a sud-
den expansion of your regular Army amid the
exigencies of the rebellion, while yet there
were no men wounded, no men who had prac-
tical experience and who had seen service, to
put in these places. The consequence was
they were filled up, these original and other
vacancies, by men from civil life without any
experience whatever. These men are not to
be legislated out. but are to be left for what
they may have done since. When we come to
the present Army in the field you take the men
and there is no inquiry to prove who they are
or what they are, no matter to what organiza-
tion they have belonged, but you object that
this is legislating a class into the Army, that it
is talcing men in a body and transferring them
to a position to which they are not entitled.
I have occupied more of the attention of the
House than I intended, but whatever I had to
say might as well have been said now.
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor.
• Mr. HALE. The gentleman will allow me.
Mr. CONKLING. I have been waiting a
long while to say something myself.
Mr. HALE. In justice to the officers of the
nine new regiments, the fact should be stated
that those regiments were organized within sixty
days after the war broke out, so that they could
not be officered from those who had seen ser-
vice in the field.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I am per-
suaded we ought not to petrify the Veteran
Reserve corps in the permanent military sys-
tem of the country. This conviction remains
unchanged by the earnest appeal made by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs;
unchanged by the extraordinary efforts which
have been made from the outside to convert
this House'to the opinion that the officers of
the Veteran Reserve corps en masse ought to
be taken up and preferred before all the other
officers and men to whom the country owes so
much.
Even if the proposition were free from favor-
itism; even if all the heroic and disabled were
to be allowed to compete alike for the benefits
proposed, ir seems to me when I remember the
object of the bill before us that such a measure
would be of doubtful wisdom. We are not upon
a bill providing pensions or relief, we are upon
an Army bill; a bill to lay anew the founda-
tions of the regular Army, to vitalize, to invig-
orate, to utilize it. The objects are efficiency
and economy; and making the provision due to
sufferers in the late war is another matter, not
less in importance, certainly not in duty, but
separate and distinct from this.
Those whose experience and observation
entitle them to instruct me will not deem me
in error when I say that it is at least a question
whether an invalid corps should ever exist in a
permanent military establishment. I mean, of
course, a purposely created invalid corps.
The laws of decay in peace, and of destruc-
tion in war, multiply invalids fast enough, and
it is the mission of ingenuity and of duty to
prevent the members of an army from becom-
ing invalids, and to provide for the ever sick-
ening and ever suffering and ever failing.
Even this task is, from its nature, too difficult
to be well performed.
With the utmost rigor of examination as to
physical fitness at the time of enlistments, and
with the best sanitary regulations afterward,
which the most favored service admits of, the
percentage of human ailments is so great, that
in the Army, as in every other walk of life, a
large proportion of the whole is constantly unfit
for hardship or activity.
Beyond all this, the military life makes regi-
ments and whole commands the sufferers from
seasons and climates and hardships and cam-
paigns, from which they must have relief by
change and rest.
The necessities of a soldier's life require all
the relief that the best system will allow, and
the opportunity to afford this relief has been
found inconsistent with allotting light service,
or any special service, perpetually to one por-
tion of an army and hard duty of the same
kind perpetually to the other.
This is no new idea. It is not started to be
applied to the proposed Veteran Reserve corps.
Experience declared it long ago; and it has
been recently and pointedly declared for our
instruction in the very matter in hand.
I suppose it is no secret that the public au-
thorities recently caused to be convened in this
city a number of the fiist geneials of the age.
The object of the convention was to consult as
to the best disposition to be made of the mili-
tary establishment of the country, now that the
war is over, and to consider and devise the best
legislative provisions in reference to the regu-
lar or permanent Army. These generals were
those whose large experience and whose pro-
fessional eminence selected them as the best
advisers, and whose official station makes them
the persons to execute the law to be enacted.
They came together; the Lieutenant General,
General Sherman, General Thomas, General
Meade, all came. General Sheridan, and
others, did not come. This group of men, so
illustrious and so skilled, studied the whole
subject, and presented their views in writing.
The measures they deemed wisest were em-
bodied in a bill which they approved. That
bill was introduced in the Senate, carefully
considered in committee there. It became the
subject of conference and correspondence be-
tween the committee of the Senate and the offi-
cers who had recommended it. It was elabo-
rately considered in the Senate, and passed
with but little alteration, and came to us. Here
it went to the Military Committee, and there it
stays.
In its place we have a bill presented which
contains various things, which were specially
and pointedly condemned by the officers to
whom I have referred, by the committee of the
Senate, and by the Senate also. There may be
reasons for this, though we have not yet heard
them.
Beside the bill, however, which these offi-
cers blocked out, they made a record of their
recommendations. One was upon the point
now before us. I will read it. It is, as will
be discovered, in answer to a communication
sent them with a bill, to which had been added
a provision creating a Veteran Reserve corps.
The paper is signed by Generals Sherman,
Meade, and Thomas, and I am not sure whether
by General Grant also.
"The only essential change proposed in the Army
bill is toomit theVeteranKoser\e corps altogether."
This is the reason they give:
"In any army, 110 matter what pains.be taken in
selecting lecruits, when we come to put them into
service exporienee teaches that nearly thirty per cent,
fail byreason of theordraaryimperfeetionsof human
nature. Now, if eight regiments of the fifty be taken
from the invalids, or men of impaired strength, we
add fifteen per cent., or in all forty-five per cent, of
invalids, which is too large a proportion. In the end
it is cheaper to provide directly, by way of pensions,
for this class ot soidiers. It the officers of the Veteran
Reserves have a good rccord and restored health, they
can be appointed just as other officers of the volunteer
army."
I hope the gentleman will remember the sub-
ject with which these generals were dealing
when they expressed that opinion, and the
subject with which we are dealing when we
listen to it. I ask gentlemen to remember
what seems to have been sometimes forgotten
to-day, namely, that the bill is not one to estab-
lish a military asylum or to provide for disabled
men, but to invigorate and compact the armies
of the Republic. Looking to the object in view,
they say that an invalid corps, however organ-
ized, is a mistake. Why ? Do we not all know;
do wc not all see obvious reasons, some of
which were suggested by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutwell?] Is not the
reason of the matter so plain that even those
of us who can lay no claim to military attain-
ments may see and affirm it? .Passing over
the thirty per cent, of disability which inheres
in every army, however well selected, we see
the need of relief duty, of light service like gar-
rison and post duty to recruit the weary and
the worn.
Regiments sent to Texas, for example, and
to other distant parts even in ordinary times,
become worn, jaded, and impoverished, and
there must be some relief for them, and for
companies and battalions requiring change of
climate and life. While post and garrison ser-
vice are left open to be allotted from time to
time among those most in need of the rest thus
afforded, one hand is made to wash the other,
the service is performed, and there are always
enough and to spare of those whose hardships,
and abscnec far away, and actual bodily con-
dition, not only deserve but require repose
and the relaxation which light service gives.
If they are not to be thus relieved they must
have seasons of entire uselessness and idleness
accorded them.
I am assured by gentlemen who would not
be questioned here as military authorities, that
a great element of the morale of the Army, of
the spirit and content of the Army, is the fact
that all know that each regiment and battalion
and company will have its fair turn at home
duty as well as distant duty, at the relaxations
which repair as well as the trials which jade.
This has been always the rule in our service,
and it has never been violated, I believe, in
legislation.
It was in no way violated by the formation
for the time being of the existing Veteran
Reserve corps.
The gentleman from Illinois said yesterday
that this corps was given reason to suppose
that it was created permanently. I say to him,
if he will look into the fact he will find it pre-
cisely otherwise. The Invalid corps, as it was
first called, was created not by statute but by
an order which I have before me. It was
created for a temporary purpose. What was
it? It was created as an auxiliary to tho
Bureau of the Provost Marshal General, which
bureau, by the terms of the statute creating it,
died with the war. This corps was created to
guard prisoners, to assist in drafting, in short,
to perform duties rather of police than of war
at draft rendezvous, and elsewhere. It was
created for these purposes, and for these pur-
poses alone. There was a necessity for it, and
that necessity was as temporary as it was great,
while the war continued, and while every able-
bodied man in the .service was needed at the
