1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
resumed the consideration of the joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 127) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
the pending question being on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Doolittle, to strike out the
second section of the proposed article and
insert in lieu of it the following:
After the ccnsus to be taken in the year 1870, and
each succeeding census, Representatives shall be ap-
portioned among the several States which may be
included within this Union according to the number
in each State of male electors over twenty-one years
of age qualified by the laws thereof to choose mem-
bers of the most numerous branch of its Legislature;
and direct taxes shall be apportioned among the sev-
eral States according to the value of the real and per-
sonal taxable property situated in each State not
belonging to the State or to the United States.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. President, the few
observations which I propose to mate are
addressed to the general merits of the proposi-
tion which is before the Senate, but some of
them are addressed to the very point of this
pending amendment. I read in a morning
paper that it was expected that I would pre-
sent some important and new views upon the
subject. The views that T shall present, Mr.
President, may be important in the sense that
almost any view that any man may present
who has a vote to give on such a subject is
important; but that I shall be able to say,
after six months' discussion of this subject,
anything new is more than I expect.
" Mr. President, all the questions involved in
the proposed amendments to the Constitution
have been so elaborately and ably discussed on
former occasions during the present session
that I do not feel at liberty to attempt to argue
them at length and in detail. I do not propose
to do more than to state, in the shortest and
plainest manner I am able, some of the reasons
for my action upon the propositions submitted
to us by the committee.
The clause of the first proposed amendment,
that "no State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immuni-
ties of citizens of the United States," secures
nothing beyond what was intended by the
original provision in the Constitution, that
"tho citizens of each State shall be entitled
to all privileges and immunities of citizens in
the several States.''
But the radical difference in the social sys-
tems of the several States, asd the great ex-
tent to which the doctrine of State rights or
State sovereignty was carried, induced mainly,
as I believe, by and for the protection of the
peculiar system of the South, led to a practi-
cal repudiation of the existing provision on this
subject, and it was disregarded in many of the
States. State legislation was allowed to over-
ride it, and as no express power was by the
Constitution granted to Congress to enforce it,
it became really a dead letter. The great so-
cial and political change in the southern States
wrought by the amendment of the Constitution
abolishing slavery and by the overthrow of the
late rebellion render it eminently proper and
necessary that Congress should be invested with
the power to enforce this provision throughout
the country and compel its observance.
Now that slavery is abolished, and the whole
people of the nation stand upon the basis of
freedom, it seems to me that there can be no
valid or reasonable objection to the residue of
the first proposed amendment:
Nor shall any State deprive any person of life, lib-
erty, or property without due process of law, nor
deny to any person within its jurisdiction tho equal
protection of the law.
It is the very spirit and inspiration of our
system of government, the absolute fouuda-
tion upon which it was established. It is es-
sentially declared in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence and in all the provisions of the Con-
stitution. Notwithstanding this we know that
State laws exist, and some of them of very
recent enactment, in direct violation of these
principles. Congress has already shown its
desire and intention to uproot and destroy all
such partial State legislation in the passage of
what is called the civil rights bill. The power
of Congress to do this has been doubted and
denied by persons entitled to high considera-
39th Cong. 1st Sess. —No. 186.
tion. It certainly seems desirable that no
doubt should be left existing as to the power
of Congress to enforce principles lying at the
very foundation of all republican government
if they be denied or violated by the States,
and I cannot doubt but that every Senator will
rejoice in aiding to remove all doubt upon
this power of Congress.
The second article of the proposed amend-
ments involves many considerations, and opens
a much wider field for discussion. I suppose
it is the purpose of the Union Republican ma-
jority in Congress, when they shall have agreed
upon articles of amendment to the Constitu-
tion to be proposed for adoption, to say to the
southern States which seceded, joined the con-
federacy, and waged war against the national
Government, that as preliminary to their again
becommgactingmembers of the national Union
by their Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress they must adopt or ratify such amend-
ments. Indeed, one of the bills reported by
the committee, accompanying the proposed
amendments, proposes this directly, and is a
part of the committee's plan of reconstruction.
It is objected in the outsetlo this that the States
and people who have remained loyal to the
Government during the war for the suppression
of the rebellion have no right to affix such or
any condition whatever to their return ; that,
having laid down their arms and ceased active
hostilities against the nation, and acknowledged
their allegiance and willingness to obey the
national laws, no reason exists why their rep-
resentatives should not be immediately admit-
ted to their seats in Congress and participate
in the legislation for the nation ; and that to
refuse this is really to deny to those States their
proper constitutional rights.
No public or political question has ever
arisen in this country that has excited more
ingenious and earnest debate than the legal
and political condition of the seceded States
after the suppression of the rebellion by the
military power of the nation. The discussion
began long before the war ended, and before
there was occasion for any practical applica-
tion, and it has continued ever since. I do not
purpose to go into this question or to attempt
to prove by argument that these States did or
did not lose or forfeit their corporate existence
as States by their acts of secession and rebel-
lion, or that they are now in or out of the
Union. I may say, however, that I was never
able to see as clearly as others could anything
so illogical and absurd m the doctrine that
these States actually forfeited their rights as
States and lapsed into the condition of Terri-
tories belonging to the Government, requiring
reorganization and readmission into the Union
as much as if they had never been admitted.
Their acts of secession were of course entirely
void, and of themselves had no effect; but when
the great majority of the people of these States
abandoned and forswore all allegiance to the
Union, formed themselves into a hostile con-
federacy, filled every official place in tho State
with enemies of the Union, and then used all
the official machinery of the State, in common
with the personal efforts of the great majority
of the people, in carrying on for years a bloody
war against the nation, it seems to me almost
absurd to say that the nation might not, if it
so elected, treat them as having forfeited all
rights to be considered existing States in the
Union, and treat them when subdued as so
much unorganized territory.
The difficulty now lying in the way of taking
this ground and basing the reconstruction or
restoration of the seceding States upon it is
that the national Government has hitherto,
from the beginning of the rebellion down to
the present time, proceeded upon tho opposite
theory; that is, that the States, as such, still
existed ; that the corporate life of a State was
not lost or destroyed by the passage of ordi-
nances of secession or the prosecution of
armed hostility by the majority of its citizens.
All departments of the national Government
having for so long acted upon this ground, it
would be exceedingly embarrassing- to unsay
and undo so much tha£ has been said and"
done ; indeed, it could hardly be done without
greatly aggravating and enhancing the difficul-
ties with which the subject of restoration is
now beset. Nothing short of absolute neces-
sity could now justify the Government in
ignoring State existence in the members of
the late confederacy and reducing them to the
condition of unorganized territories.
Is it, necessary for the protection and safety
of the always loyal jDart of the nation to do
this? May we not without this require such
guarantees and conditions from the seceding.
States, prior to allowing them to participate
in the general direction and government of
the nation, as in our-judgment the national
safety requires?
By the most formal and solemn acts of legis-
lation these States withdrew or attempted to
withdrawfromthenationalUnion; they abjured
all allegiance to the national Government; they
withdrew their Senators and Representatives
from the national Legislature; they formed
themselves into a separate and hostile confed-
eracy, of which each of these Slates was a
constituent member; and for four years as a
separate nation of States, and by the individual
action of the great majority of their people,
they made most cruel and unrelenting war
against the loyal part of the nation.
Now, conceding that all this did not destroy
the corporate existence of each or either of
these States as a legal essence, it must be
admitted that all actual existence of legal rela-
tion or connection between those States and
the national Union was severed and destroyed.
It cannot be claimed-that while these States
were acting as States in the confederacy and
occupying the position of armed and hostile
belligerents toward the United States they were
at the same time entitled to claim and exercise
the rights of States in the Union ; to be repre-
sented in its Legislature, and participate in its
Government. We succeeded by'our superior
physical power in overthrowing and crushing
this hostile confederacy, and compelled them
to lay down their arms. Now, bei'oie these
States can resume their former places in the
Union loyal State governments must be insti-
tuted and take the place of the disloyal ones
that have existed, and then the legal relation
and connection between them and the General
Government must be restored by some power
or department of the General Government.
Now, in what department of the national
Government does this power rest to say when
the people of the insurgent States have returned
to loyalty, whether the State governments set
up anew ore really and truly loyal, and then
to restore the broken and severed legal rela-
tions between them and the Union? Clearly,
in my judgment, it must rest in and with the
law-making power of the Government, the
representatives of the States and the people,
the two Houses of Congress. In the progress
of reconstructing or restoring these States to
loyalty and their former position in tho Union,
the executive department of the Government
has assumed to dictate terms and conditions
to those States, which they complied with.
The terms and conditions imposed were wise
and just in themselves, and I do not take it
upon me now to say they were not rightfully
exacted by the Executive. But I do say that,
in my judgment, there is far more ground of
doubt as to the rightful power of the merely
executive branch of the Government to do this
than there is as to the power of Congress, the
substantial law-making power of the nation, to
exact the same or other like conditions.
It has been said that unless these States have
really forfeited their State existence and are
out of tho Union, we have no more right to
exact or impose conditions to their return than
we have to impose similar terms upon New
York or Ohio; that a State cannot commit
treason or forfeit its existence by the commis-
sion of crime. But there cannot well be a
State, exercising and performing its functions
as such, without people ; and the idea of the
existence of a State in harmony, wi'h nnd yield
