1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2001
front. The necessity lias passed, the duties for
which the corps was formed are uo longer to be
done. Of course everybody foresaw that the
purpose was temporary, and everybody knew,
who knew anything about it, that the organiza-
tion was not to be permanent.
The Government has by act and word held
but one language on this point, and no expec-
tations have been created that any set of offi-
cers were to be preferred to others in the final
reorganization.
I should like to make further observations
upon the questionable expediency of any per-
manently established special invalid corps, but
time does not permit. Let us assume that such
a corps if impartially constructed, so as to give
all disabled officers a fair chance, would be
valuable and wise. Then why should those
who have already enjoyed advantages over their
companions in arms be still further fa\ored?
I ask this question because in spite of the lan-
guage of section five and of the interpretation
put upon it by the chairman of the Military
Committee, I believe the practical elfcct will
be virtually to prefer en masse a large portion
of the officers of the present corps to other
wounded and disabled officers and soldiers.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is no such thing in
the bill, and the gentleman either cannot road
or will not understand.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I hope the gentleman
from Ohio will not get too energetic. He has
had three extensions of his time, and has ex-
pressed himself so fully that he should be con-
tent for a space. I do not wish to wrench
myself by attempting to execute that cele-
brated pelvic gesture, by which the gentleman
makes himself forcible, but I hope the House
will consider that 1 have executed it as far as
is necessary, and that I say with just as much
distinctness as the gentleman employs that the
result under the language he refers to will, in
my belief, be just what 1 have stated. Let us
see how this is.
A provision on this subject, substantially if
not exactly like the present, was suggested
originally in the Senate bill a& first introduced.
No one then denied or doubted that under it
the officers of the existing Veteran Reserve
corps were to be continued. The whole pro-
vision was struck out in the Senate committee.
When the bill was under consideration in the
Senate, an amendment was offered not in the
same language here employed. The whole
subject was sifted in debate, and before a vote
was had the mover of the amendment adopted
the original language which, as I said, was in
effect if not literally the same as we have here,
namely, "to be selected from officers of the
Veteran Reserve corps, and appointed from
other wounded officers." Still, nobody in the
Senate doubted that the provision was for the
especial benefit of the officers of the present
Veteran Reserve corps. So it was held and
treated, and so it was condemned and defeated.
So much to show that I am not solitary an my
mistake, if mistake it be.
flit let us look for ourselves at the probable
result of such a provision. Who are the per-
sons upon whom the provision is to act, and
how are they now situated? The privates of
the Veteran Reserve corps protested against
being kept in service, and nearly all upon their
own application have been discharged. Six
hundred and twenty-one officers preferred not
to be mustered out, and so remain in service.
Three hundred of this number have already
been provided for in the Freedmen's Bureau
and in the Treasury service ■, the rest are unem-
ployed. Look at these facts a moment, first,
for another purpo'se. Here is a body of men
conceded, for this purpose, to be all without
exception meritorious, conceded to have suf-
fered in tie service of their country, and for
three years they have been kept on light ser-
vice and on full pay, while other men who have
been wounded and disabled have been cast
aside, or compelled, in spite of their wounds, to
fo to the front. All other heroes and martyrs
ave been doomed either to retire from pay
after being disabled, or else, wounds or no
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 126.
wounds, to drag themselves back to the camp'
the trench, and the battle-field. ,
Bear in mind, then, that these men as a
body have been during three years drawing
pay _ and performing the lightest duty of the
service to the exclusion of all others ; and bear
in mind that there now remain as officers of
the Veteran Reserve corps, say six hundred
and twenty-one men, some detailed and some
unemployed. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Soiienck] will not take me up upon the
exactness of that statement. It may not be
literally accurate. 1 will stop and refer to the
figures if he does, as I have them somewhere
on my desk.
Now, a Veteran Reserve corps of ten regi-
ments is to be rendered permanent and to be
officered by " selection "—mark the word—not
by appointment afresh, but by ''selection from
the officers of the present Veteran -Reserve
corps, and by appointmentfrom any officers and
soldiers of volunteers who have been wounded
in the line of their duty," &c. Does not every-
body see what is likely to result from such a
mode of organizing? A11 these officers are in
already, they can act in concert, they and
their friends can and will see to their inter-
ests and pilot them through red tape and other
obstacles.
Being already imbedded in the corps, and I
having their places and commissions, they will
be "selected,''' and although hero and there
other wounded officers may fight in or beg in
from the outside, the ready-made officers of
this corps are to happen in, and outsiders are
to have the right to shear the wolf; their
trouble will be how to cut the fleece. Those
who know the ins and outs of the matter can
tell just how it can be worked ; it has been
explained to me by officers, and volunteers,
too, who oppose the whole thing. But with-
out going into the minutiae, we can all see
about how it will be. So it is understood in
the corps and out of the corps. How else
shall we explain the influences around us ?
Whence the enormous anxiety of the officers
connected with this corps to have this provis-
ion retained if they are to come in only for a
slight percentage of commissions ? Because
on the theory of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schexck,] when you come to put the
three or four hundred officers of the Veteran
Reserve corps who now remain out. of employ
in among all the wounded officers and soldiers
of the country, they would be lost. They
would be—
" Like the snow-flake in the river,
A moment white, then lost forever."
Every one must see that if this little few were
to be mingled with the many, put on a par with
all the wounded soldiers of the war, and only
allowed to receive their share of commissions
in proportion to their numbers, thatshare wdtild
be virtually nothing at all.
Is that the understanding of those who have
besieged Congress on behalf of the Veteran
Reserve corps? Is that the understanding of
the volunteer officers who bear honorable and
disabling scars who oppose and denounce the
proposed legislation as unjust to them and their
unnumbered comrades?
Circulars have been sent throughout the Vet-
eran Reserve corps officers, as I understand,
and as has never been denied, calling upon
those addressed to contribute money in order
to have their interests properly attended to
befoi-e Congress. Has this expense and this
equivocal expedient been resorted to for the
benefit of somebody else?
No man can wink so hard as not to see that
the practical operation of this bill as it stands
is likely to be to substantially include all the
officers of the existing Veteran Reserve corps,
and only by accident to include anybody else.
Therefore I say again, that while the bill does
provide that the officers shall be taken not only
from the present officers of the corps, but also
appointed from among others who have been
wounded in the late war, the effect will be as I
believe in the first instance to secure in their
all those who are now in the corps.
- The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle*
man from New York [Mr. Conkliitg] has
expired.
Mr. PAINE. I move that the time of the
gentleman from New York be exlended.
No objection was made.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. An insinuation has been
made, I hope not btjlesign, that those who
oppose this measure'Wjppose the defenders of
the country, or arc wanting in a sense of justice
ami gratitude to the defenders of the country.
I he case is put as if here was an occasion
to do an act of justice for the general good o£
those who went out from the fireside to the
camp to maintain on far distent battle-fields
the life and glory of their country. For one
I deny this in tolo. I repel the insinuation,
and I can show that nothing could be a more
heartless mockery than to pretend that the
real sufferers by the war have any interest on
earth in adding five regiments to the number
of men required for the regular Army, for the
purpose of organizing ten of them in the
manner proposed.
In the first place, what is to become of the
great bulk of those, a multitude sad to num-
ber, who have never been kept upon pay and
in light service, hut who svent out and returned
ruined by wounds and disease? llow many
of them will be unsuccessful for every one
who succeeds in obtaining a commission ia
one of those ten regiments?
But again, arc the most unfortunate,to bo
included at all? An examination, is required
as to bodily ability. This will have the effect
to cause the rejection of the most unfortunate
of these men, to exclude those whose .bodily
disability is the greatest, and whose power to
maintain themselves is the leas^. The advan-
tage is to bo enjoyed by those who are able iu
some sort to come up to the military standard.
Therefore, as to the bestowal of the commis-
sions, the plan is to favor the least needy.
How as to the men? Does any one suppose
that regiments which are to do nothing but
garrison duty need to be kept filled with men?
Why, not at all. Does any one suppose they will
be filled up and kept filled with men wounded
heretofore? We know that itwould be impos-
sible to keep them filled by such wounded men
even if it should be desirable. Why? Here ia
a regiment to be made up ,of five hundred
wounded men. Thei;e are fifteen hundred
other wounded men who would be glad to have
places in the regiment, but they do not get
there, and the occasion passes by. Does any
one suppose that these fifteen hundred men
are to stand as tide-waiters, watching for
vacancies, that they will forego, or could or
should forego, other modes of life so as to be
ready to enlist?
" Bach stepping where his comrade stood ^
The instant that he fell."
Then how, after the first formation of the
regiments, is the body to be kept filled with
men wounded "in the late war?" The first
enlistment of privates might answer the descrip-
tion, but the recruiting must be done in other
fields. One portion of wounded men are to ha
taken and the others are to be left to shift fo&
themselves and to become occupied in various
ways in life. The relief, then, is merely for
those who in the first instance form these regi-
ments.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I desire to make a single suggestion., I
think he cannot have understood the. question
which I put awhile ago to the chairman of ths
Committee on Military Affairs. Seeing that
this suggestion might be made, I asked hrni
what was the intention of the bill in this respect,
and whether he had any objection to an amend-
ment striking out the words "by selection from
among officers of the present Reserve corps."
tie assured me that he would not object to it.
This does away with that part of the argument
of the gentleman from New York. I do not
know whether the gentleman heard the remark.;
Mr. CONKLING-. I did not overlook
and I am very glad that the gentleman
Pennsylvania has made this suggestion. . for
