1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1041
the nation? I voted for it with that under-
standing that it was for the benefit of black
men; and I am ready now, by my vote here
and elsewhere, and so are my constituents, to
do anything, as much as any other people will
do, to pay their money as freely and exert them-
selves as earnestly for the benefit of black men
as for the benefit of white men. I placethem
on the same ground. I know no distinction in
my feelings, in my sympathies, in my charities,
between black men and white men. I have no
preferences in that respect. There may be sub-
jects on which I have preferences, but in the
matter of kindness, of doing them a favor, of
saving them from suffering, I should never ask
whether the suffering man was a black man or
a white man. It is enough for me to know
that he is a man.
But, sir, I will not follow the Senator from
Illinois farther, and for a reason which I shall
now proceed to give. His speech was one of
great ability, and we had the points that he
made given at full length in the papers the next
day. He gave sixteen reasons for opposingthe
President's veto and supporting liis bill. But,
sir, I am not called upon to answer those rea-
sons : the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessex-
i)E.\] has relieved me of that labor; answered
them for me. What did the honorable Sena-
tor say here in his place? I will quote his exact
language. lie said:
" I will say in regard to that message that I had no
very particular attachment to the bill which was thus
vetoed."
Neither had T. I felt very much as he did.
The Senator continued, as follows:
"In sonic particulars it did not meet my approval.
I think some of tlio reasons which the President gives
for no t appi ovinsc it are such as would commend them-
selves to public consideration. It is a bill upon the
pioviMom of which there might be a very consider-
able dittsienee of opinion, I yielded, however, the
objections 1 had, and one of them was very much like
thnt stated by niy honorable friend from West Vir-
ginia [Mr. vvito the sixth section of the bill, j
because I thought, on consideration, that the power
did exist, and it was especially necessary to exeicise I
it and the lull therefore received my vote. If the
President had confined himself in the objections which
h° stated to a criticism of the bill itselt. it is very pos-
sible that 1 might have been quite willing to waive
mv own feelings and opinions in regard to the bill as
it "passed, and to sustain his veto."
I think it was perhaps a misfortune to the
public that the President, in view of that dec-
laration, did not stop at the_ point where the
Senator from Maine was satisfied with the veto.
I could almost wish that the President had not
given that last reason after having given fifteen
good reasons which the Senator from Illinois
attempted to answer and with which the Sen-
ator from Maine was satisfied. What moral
power would have been added to the Presi-
dent's position and the position of those of us
who voted to sustain the President, if the dis-
tinguished Senator from Maine had voted with
us.° I could wish that the President had ceased
when he had given fifteen good reasons for
rejecting this bill and had not given that addi-
tional reason which does not satisfy the mind
of the Senator from Maine. It is not for me
to comment on the action of any benator in
this body, but I may sav that it struck me as
newliat remarkable that the Senator, finding
bill here and a veto sustained by good
should refuse to sustain the veto and
liojii e-s'his condemnation upon the bill because
one bad reason was given for its disapproval by
the Kxeeuiive. _ _
.Mr, if we all acted on that principle, 1 do not
know what would bo the result. 1 have voted
for many measures for which good speeches
ln<\i> been made and for which some bad ones
have been made, for which some good reasons
and fur which some unsatisfactory reasons have
been offered. I never felt that I was justified
in voting against a bill because some of the
reasons °'I ven for it were unsatisfactory.
But the Senator says, and 1 wish to do him no
injustice, that he voted for the bill and against
the veto because the principle involved in the
bad reason was such that his vote would seem
to sustain the principle; and he went on to say
that in his judgment no Senator could \ote
otherwise than he did with self-respect. 1 er-
39tii Coxa. "Ut Sess.—No. 66.
SOUl
a buti
reason"
haps if we had thought as he did, we would
have done so. Fortunately, we did not think
so. We did not consider a principle involved
in it, and therefore I for one did not violate
my self-respect by voting for a measure which
the Senator himself declared very objection-
able, and which might have received his neg-
ative vote if one reason had not been given
which was unsatisfactory to his mind.
But the Senator says that reason involved a
principle. I confess I have not yet been able
to see that the principle which he said was in-
volved in that reason was really involved in it.
The Senator says in the first place that the
President gave this as a reason for the veto,
and when that was denied by the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] the Senator from
Maine with some degree, as I thought, of sever-
ity insisted upon his assertion. True it was a
reason. It was stated as a grave objection to
the bill; but docs not the Senator's own ex-
perience show him that a Senator may have I
grave objections to a bill and still vote for it?
It is possible that the President of the United
States, notwithstanding this grave objection to
the bill, might have sent it back with his signa-
ture but for the other reasons which he gives
us, and which the Senator himself is not pre-
pared to say are not good and sufficient.
I think, therefore, that it does not follow that
the President would have vetoed this bill in
consequence of the last reason given by him.
But suppose he had; suppose that had been
sufficient in his mind. The Senator goes on to
say that the President takes the ground that not
only that bill must be vetoed, but every other
bill relating to the States formerly in rebellion,
if that doctrine is correct. I think this infer-
ence follows still less than the other. It does
not follow in my mind at all. In point of fact
what has the President done ? He has already
signed one bill at least—and I do not know but
011 inquiry at the Secretary's table I should find
more, relating wholly to the southern States,
notwithstanding they are not represented—and
that was the bill for paying the expenses of this
very joint committee.
The Senator says that the President takes the
ground that taxation and representation must
go together, and therefore he infers that the
President believes you cannot tax those States
unless they are represented. Sir, the Presi-
dent takes no such ground. He knows full well
that taxation must exist. The Constitution of
the United States provides that duties upon
imports shall be the same in all parts of_the
country. We must therefore have taxation.
The President of the United States in one of his
proclamations extended the internal revenue
system over the whole South. Taxation exists
there, therefore, by his own act; slid yet the
Senator says that the President claims that tax-
ation cannot exist unless representation also
exists. What the President said was, not that
taxation should cease, but that representation
should begin. He is not arguing against taxa-
tion, but for representation; and he says that
inasmuch as we must tax these States, they
outfit, in a manner which I shall soon indicate,
tobe represented. I think, therefore, that those
Senators who voted to sustain the President s
veto and against the bill, may feel that they have
not violated their self-respect, as the Senator
intimated. They did not think that it involved
the principle which he saw in it. .
Now, sir, we have the objections which the
Senator from Illinois made to this \eto, fifteen
in number, iourtGtn oi wliicli relets to tlio merG
criticism of the bill made by the President, and
those objections the Senator from Maine, and
by his declaration that possibly he might have
voted to sustain the veto it _ this last had been
omitted, adjudges not sufficient to influence the
action of the "Senate. I therefore need not
answer them further. lie has answered them
f"1' I!ie- i. it.
But the Senator from Maine says that the
President in the last reason given by him tor
the veto of the bill denies the right of Con-
gress to judge as to the entire question Ot rep-
resentation." He said that this was an assump-
tion on the part of the President. When the
Senator from Wisconsin intimated that there
was no such assumption, the Senator from
Maine, not being so deeply impressed by his
own language as those who hear him, denied
that he had used the word. *He will find on
reference to his reported speech that he took
the ground stated by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin and used the language cited by him. ;
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that upon looking over the debate as re-
ported in the Globe I saw that there was that
expression in my first remarks, so that it might
justify what was said by the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doolittle,] but it cseaped me at
the time.
Mr. DIXOST. Other Senators remember
what the distinguished Senator says better than
he does himself. His words are not forgotten.
It is not vox fugit with him. What is said by
him is remembered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You will notice that in
what I afterward said I took the ground I have
uniformly contended.
Mr. DIXON. Of course I wish to represent
the Senator fairly. He took the ground that
the President of the United States claimed that
Congress had not this right. I do not under-
stand that the President takes any such ground.
I take no such ground. But how shall Con-
gress do that? I will state the position which
I occupy on that point. Whether it is the Presi-
dent's position or not, I cannot say. I think it
is, because he told us in his message that he bad
flow brought these men to the doors of Con-
gress, and it was for Congress, each House for
itself, to say whether they should be admitted
as representatives. I acknowledge the neces-
sity of examination, I acknowledge tlie duty of
examination on this entire subject by Congress.
In what way? As the Constitution points out,
each House for itself. Is not that sufficient?
All through his speech the Senator intimates
that if we come to this position it is merely a
question of credentials, that we can only ex-
amine the credentials of election. Over and
over again he says that we are merely to exam-
ine the credentials of members because we de-
sire each House to examine for itself into the
question. In my judgment, it is not a question
of credentials. I think the language of the Con-
stitution is full. The elections, qualifications,
and returns of the members shall be considered
by each House.
But. sir, if I am mistaken on that jjoint it so
happens that I have here an authority which
the Senator from Maiue perhaps will be apt to
question, as he probably would not desire to say
that he himself was an authority, but which the
Senate will not be apt to question. It is the
Senator himself. In thediscussion of the Stark
case this very question arose. It was claimed
that Mr. Stark was disloyal, and therefore the
Senate could exclude him, that the Senate could
meet the question in limine, that we were not
bound to wait until he was admitted as a Sen-
ator and then expel him by a two-thirds vote.
I took that ground myself. The Senate over-
ruled it. I thought that the vote of the Senate
on that question was disastrous, and I said so;
and the Senator who then occupied the seat
that I now occupy [Mr. Co i.lamer] told me
afterward that my remark was a very objection-
able one. The honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumxeh] also thought that the
vote was disastrous, and he rose and said that
he concurred with me.
The Senate refused to reject Mr. Stark, many
Senators placing it on the ground that ffe iiajl
no right to do it. But the Senator from Maine
said the fact was not proved, and then he we:nt
on to say what the result would bo if the fact
was proved ; and that was on the question of
credentials. It was on the question of the
qualifications, elections, and returns of a mem-
ber Mr Stark came here, and m limine we
objected to him. What did the Senator from
Maine say ? He said what I think was entirely
correct.
T quote his language:
"Suppose, for instance, tliat one of the leaders of
