1866.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
104S
members.^ The Senator must know instances
of this. The Senator recollects very well the
case of Mr. Bright. Shortly after I came into
the Senate I heard him argue that case. Mr.
Bright, as the Senator claimed, was not elected
here. He was picked up in the streets of Wash-
ington, as it might be said—the very case put
by the Senator. He was never elected to this
body; it was scarcely claimed that he was elect-
ed ; but by the vote of the Senate the slave
power admitted him on this floor. What could
we do? The Senator made an eloquent protest
against it, and it was the first time I heard him
speak in this body, but could he eject Mr.
Bright? And after Mr. Bright was admitted,
did he ever attempt to eject him ? Did we not
keep him here until we were compelled to
expel him as a traitor. The Senator says that
Congress must act in order to exclude a man,
and he says that if the Emperor Maximilian
were to take possession of Tennessee, and Con-
gress should aet on the subject, its action would
have some force or weight or vitality, or there
would be some necessity for Congress being
called upon so to do. I say that not only would
there be no necessity, but no possibility of Con-
gress being called upon to act. It is a question
upon which Congress has no jurisdiction, and
it is a question of jurisdiction. What would be
the form of a law passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Senate and signed by the
President providing that a certain State should
not be represented in this body for any reason,
I care not what ? Suppose Congress enacts by
this resolution, if you call it an enacting reso-
lution, that 110 member shall be admitted from
any of the southern States, it would be futile,
nugatory ; the Senate could admit Senators from
those States notwithstanding; that is my posi-
tion.
Mr. TKUMBULL. The point is this: the
Senator insists that the Senate of ".he United
States has the right to commit perjury; that a
Senator who has sworn to support the Consti-
tution has a right to vote to admit a man here
from Pennsylvania avenue 
Mr. DIXON. I think the Senator oughtnot
to take that ground. I claim no sucli thing. I
say the Senate of the United States has the
power to commit perjury, but does that power
deprive the Senate of jurisdiction. So has the
Supreme Court. So has Congress. But is that
saying they have a right to commit perjury.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; he is argu-
ing here, then, in favor of the power to commit
perjury. X'ow, if a person had a mind to com-
mit perjury lie could vote that a person on
Pennsylvania avenue, without an election or
anything else, should have a seat here; but I
do not suppose that we are to argue questions
in the Senate of the United States upon any
such principle. The question here is not as to
the election, qualiiication, and return of a per-
son presenting himself as a Senator, but it goes
behind that. It is for Congress to determine
whether there is a State that has a right to send
Senators here. It is for each House to deter-
mine when there is a constituency having a
right to elect, whether they have sent persons
qualified, and whether they have elected them
properly. Those are two entirely distinct and j
separate questions. When the Senator reads
from the message of the President of the Uni-
ted States that lie has brought men to the doors
of Congress, I deny in ioiv his right to bring
members to Congress. What right has the
President, to bring members to Congress?
Mr. McDOUOALL. Mr. President 
The PliE^IDEXT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Connecticut yield the floor to the
Senator funn California?
Mr. DIXOX. I hope the Senator will excuse
me for a single moment,. I must reply to these
interruption- a-. 1 go along, and I shall hear him
with pleasure presently.
The Senator from Illinois says that I take
the ground that this body may commit perjury.
1 ask him if Congress may not commit perjury?
Does he eseapjfcitby going to Congress? Can-
not Congress just as well commit perjury with
regard to the question whether Tennessee is
entitled to representation as the Senate ? It is
wholly immaterial what power the body has to
decide wrong. I agree that everybody has a
power to decide wrong. Congress is as liable
as the Senate to decide wrong. It is a question
of jurisdiction, which body shall decide, not
which shall decide right. I think this body
more likely to decide right than Congress. That
is my judgment, but I maybe mistaken. I think
Congress as likely to commit perjury as the
Senate. The Senator is shocked at the idea
that there is a possibility of perjury being com-
mitted and a bloody handed traitor being ad-
mitted into this body. I should have some
fears that Congress might do that as well as
this body, especially if the Senate goes on in its
present course and we are obliged to refer this
matter to the next Congress. I have great fears
that the next Congress will be more likely to
commit perjury on this subject than this Con-
gress.
Mr. FE S SEX DEW Will the Senator allow
me to correct an error which I fell into a short
time ago?
Mr. DIXON. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEX. I read a passage from
the veto message, and my friend asked me if I
acknowledged the correctness of it, and I told
him that I did. What I roeant to agree to was,
and what I supposed him to refer to was, the
statement of principle:
"At present all the people of eleven States are ex-
cluded ; those who were most faithful during the war
not less than others."
Then he goes on to say:
"The State of Tennessee, for instance, whose au-
thorities engaged in rebellion, was restored to all her
constitutional relations to the Union by the patriotism
and energy of her injured and betrayed people."
I merely meant to object to the manner in
which it was stated that Congress had no right
to exclude the constitutional representation of a
State in time of peace.
Mr. DIXOX. '' But that authority cannot be
construed as including the right to shut out, in
time of peace, any State from the representa-
tion to which it is entitled by the Constitution."
The Senator does deny the correctness of that.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. In regard to that, if
there were no peculiar circumstances, ordina-
rily you could not do it, of course.
Mr. DIXOX. There has been a time when
my State and the State of the Senator from
Maine, and the State of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts were regarded as under peculiar cir-
cumstances in this body. Suppose at that time
Congress had seen fit by law to shut out the
State of Massachusetts from representation,
would anybody pretend that Congress had power
to do it? But there was a power in the Senate
of the United States by which that Senator could
have been excluded, and so could the Senator
from Massachusetts. There could have been
no appeal from that judgment. There must be
an end somewhere. Now, letus see what Judge
Story says on this point. I trust now the ques-
tion between us is understood. I claim that
this is a question of jurisdiction,who shall judge
of everything relating to the qualifications of a
Senator in this body, both as to his having a
constituency and he himself being the repre-
sentative of that constituency. Judge Story
ba.vs, in commenting on the clause in the Con-
stitution which provides that each House shall
be the judge of the qualifications, &c., of its
own members:
" It is obvious that a power must be lodged some-
where to indue of the elcctioni, returns, and quali-
fications of the members of each House compo.ung
the Legislature; for otherwise there r ould bono cer-
tainty as to who were legitimate!}- chosen members,
and any intruder or usurper might claim a seat and
thus trample upon the rights and privileges :mu lib-
el tiesof the people. Indeed, elections would become,
under such circumstances, a mere mockery: and
legislation the exercise of sovereignty by any selr-
constltuted body."—Story's Commentaries, sec. 853.
Does ho say the protection is Congress?
Xo ; but he says :
" The only possible question on such a subject is as
to the body in which such a power shall bo lodged.
That is, the power to judge whether a man
■Ss a usurper, an intruder, or is legitimately
chosen by a proper constituency. ' •
" If lodged in any other than the legislative body '
itsell, its independence, its purity, and even its ex-
istence and action, may be destroyed or put into im-
minent danger. No other body but itself can hare
the same motives to preserve and perpetuate these
attributes: no other foody can be so perpetually watch-
tul to guard its own rights and privileges- from in-
fringement, to purify and vindicate its own charac-
ter, and to preserve the rights and sustain the free
choice of its constituents. Accordingly the power has
always been lodged in the legislative body by the
uniform practice of England and America."
Congress is not the legislative body. Con-
gress is made up of two legislative bodies, and
in some instances of three. The law-making
power is vested in three bodies in this country,
the Senate, the House of Representatives, ana
the President in cases where his approval is
necessary to the passage of a bill. The legis-
lative bodies which make up Congress are the
House of Representatives and the Senate, and
each body for itself is to judge of everything
with regard to this subject.
But, sir, I have occupied much more time
upon this point than I had intended. I trust I
have shown, I have at least to my own satis-
faction, that the President does not take the
ground that this question may not be fully in-
vestigated. He does state that it should be \
done by each body for itself. That is his opin-
ion. He has expressed it in a message in which
he was giving information of the state of the
Union, as he is bound to do. He says that
we have no right to exclude representation
totally under that clause of the Constitution.
Does anybody claim that we have that right?
We have the physical power perhaps, but we
have no right to do it. We have no right to
say that the State of Illinois shall not be rep-
resented in time of peace: and if Congress
have the right to say that if the State of Ten-
nessee shall not bo represented in time of peace,
the act is utterly futile and nugatory, because
in spite of Congress the Senate may admit a
member from Tennessee, and to-day if Mr.
Fowler, of Tennessee, wore admitted a mem-
ber of this body, in spite of all your laws he
would be a member of the body and you could
not exclude him except by expulsion.
Mr. KIllIiWOOD. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DIXOX. Certainly.
Mr. K1RKW00D. I want to understand
the Senator if I possibly can. Do I understand
him to say that the President takes the ground
that the State of Iowa and the State of South
Carolina stand to-day in the same identical po-
sition before Congress, and that each House has
the right to decidc just in the one case what it
has in the other, no more, no less.
Mr. DIXOX. I do not know what the Pres-
ident's opinion on that subject is, but I will
tell the Senator what is mine: that is all that I
can answer for. I think that the State of South
Carolina can be represented to-day in this body
if the fiat of the Senate of the United States
goes forth to that effect. Let the Senate so say,
and what wilt the Senator do ? Suppose a Sen-
ator offers himself here from South Carolina
and is admitted on the floor of this body, I think
the Senator will find himself powerless to ex-
elude him except bv expulsion.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I understand the Sen-
ator to sny. then, that in his opinion the two
States I have named do stand before Congress
in the same position, with the same rights?
Mr. DIXOX. Xot by any means. 1 hat is
a question for me and other Senators to de-
cide. When they come here the Senate is vo
consider whether Iowa and South Carohi a
stand in the same position. We are to judge
of that question. My private opinion is that
South Carolina is vastly different as to her
rights of representation in this body irom lowa,
but I say that it is a question wholly for the
Senate to decide, and that in point of law,
whatever the Senate decides upon it is law in
spite of any act of Congress to the contrary.
As to the power of the Senate to admit their
members, Iowa and "?outh Carolina stand on
