THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the resolution lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
" ' ' appkoval of bills.
_ A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, .by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 18th instant the following acts:
- An act (S. No. 114) for the relief of A. T.
Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard;
An act (S. No. 222) further to prevent smug-
gling, and for other purposes; and
An act (S. No. 369) to establish certain
post roads.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report of the
Secretary of State, in compliance with the
requirements of the eighteenth section of the
act entitled "An act to regulate the diplo-
matic and consular systems of the United
States," approved August 18, 1856; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
.  equalization of bounties.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Maine [Mr. Fessendejj] moves that
the Senate postpone the present and all prior
orders, and proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 737.
Mr. WILSON. The unfinished business in
order is the bill to equalize bounties. Now,
the Senator from Maine proposes to lay that
aside and take up an important appropriation
bill. I do not wish to have a controversy about
the priority of business, and especially a con-
troversy with the Committee on Finance and
the appropriation bills. In order that this
bill, which has been twice in order and crowded
out, may have a fair chance, I move that its
consideration be postponed until to-morrow at
one o'clock, and made the special order for
that time ; and if that be done, I will agree to
give way.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Maine being now
pending, another motion cannot be received
until that is disposed of.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from
Maine will withdraw his motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator can make
his motion afterward just as well. After this
bill is taken up I will give him a chance inform-
ally to make his motion, if he desires. I
will not interpose or attempt to interpose in
the way of that bill anything except a bill that
we must pass, and which it is important ought
to pass immediately, because it must go back
to the House. There are two or three of these
bills. -
Mr. WILSON. I understand that and felt
that; and if the Senator will just allow this
motion to be made and then take his bill up, I
ska! I be content.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw my motion
for a moment, then, in order to accommodate
the Senator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts moves to postpone the
bill named by him, being House bill No. 002,
until to-morrow, and make it the special or-
der for one o' clock.
The motion was agreed to by a two-thirds
vote.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had con-
curred in the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R.
No. 477) further to provide for the safety of
the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, to regu-
late the salaries of steamboat inspectors, and
for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed, without
amendment, the following Senate bills:
A bill (S. No. 178) to incorporate the Metro-
politan Mining and Manufacturing Company;
A bill (S. No. 277) for the relief of William
Cook;and
A bill (S. No. 325) to give certain powers to
the levy court of the county of Washington, m
the District of Columbia.
leave or absence.
Mr. RIDDLE. I ask leave of absence for
my colleague [Mr. Satjlsbury] during the
remainder of the session.
Leave was granted.
funding of the national debt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now renew my mo-
tion to take up the civil appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
Senator from Maine, I will informally submit
a motion to take up Senate bill No. 300, the
funding bill, with a view to have a vote upon
it. It was considered yesterday, and will not
excite any debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it does not excite
debate I will not object. That is an important
bill, and it ought to be acted upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be passed now
if it. is to pass this session. It can be taken
up informally by general consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the appropriation
bill be laid aside informally if it is to be laid
aside at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
before the Senate will be laid aside informaMy
in order to entertain the motion of the Senator
from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 300) to reduce
the rate of interest on the national debt, and
for funding the same.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend tlie bill by
adding the following as an additional section:
And be it farther enacted. That all acts and parts of
acts authorizing the Comptroller of the Currency or
the Treasurer of the United States, with the approval
of the Secretary of the Treasury, to designate any
national banking association organized under the
laws of the United States to become a depositary of
public money, be so limited and construed as to here-
after prohibit the designation of any such bank as
such depositary in the District of Columbia, or in any
city in whioh there is established by law an office of
the Treasury of the United States known as a sub-
Treasury thereof.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
Iowa will not press that amendment. The bill
now contains nothing upon which there is any
controversy, so far as I know, in either House.
It contains important provisions in regard to
our public debt which it is admitted must pasj,
or ought to pass. This amendment introduces
a very difficult and controverted question. This
question is pending now, and is probably un-
der debate in the House of Representatives, as
to whether the national banks may be used as
Government depositaries where we have places
of deposit. The officers of the Treasury are
opposed entirely to this provision, and a little
reflection will convince Senators that it would
be utterly impossible, with our system of in-
ternal revenue, to get along if we require all
deposits of public money in these large citics
to be made in one place. In the city of New
York, for instance, this proposition would
require all the deposits made by collectors of
internal revenue to be placed in the sub-Treas-
ury there. Under the banking law as it has
been amended, no disbursing oflicer can de-
posit in a national bank. That is well enough;
and that is the law, I believe, without the re-
cent act that has been passed. But under the
present law collectors of internal revenue can
make deposits in certain designated deposita-
ries, which are selected by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and which have to give security to an
amount equal to the deposits. It has also been
found to be very useful in negotiating loans to
use national banks temporarily as temporary
places of deposit.
Let me illustrate this proposition to the
Senator from Iowa. Suppose that every col-
lector had to deposit all the money he received
daily in the sub-Treasury. The sub-Treasurer
cannot take anything but United States notes.
The collectors take cheeks, certificates of de-
posit, and all forms of business securities.-
Nine-tenths of the payments made in the city
of New York are made-by certified cheeks.
The collector of internal revenue takes them
and deposits them in the national depositary
his immediate neighborhood. If this amend-
ment be adopted, no collector can take a cer-
tified check; he cannottake anything but Uni-
ted States notes, and he must carry those notes
daily to the sub-Treasury and deposit them
there. It is practically impossible to do that.
The effect of this amendment, if adopted, will
be simply to embarrass and perhaps defeat this
bill, because it will meet with opposition. It
is contrary to the policy adopted by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. The United States
Treasurers do not desire to keep these ac-
counts for collectors of internal revenue. I
trust, therefore, that the Senator will abandon
the amendment, or else that the Senate will
vote it down. The bill as it now stands con-
tains nothing about which there is any con-
troversy, and it contains provisions which it
is very important to pass.
Mr. GRIMES. I have not the slightest dis-
position to throw any obstacle in the way of
the passage of the Senator's bill. So far as I
understand it, if I do understand it, I am in
favor of it; but I have offered this amendment
because it is the only method that I could adopt
by which I could get a vote upon such a prop-
osition as this. I do not know liow many
months ago it was, but several months ago I
offered a resolution instructing the Committee
on Finance to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law that in cities where there was
a sub-Treasury the public money should be
deposited with the sub-Treasurer, but ,1 have
not seen, thus far, that there has been any
action taken upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. There can be no deposit
now made by any disbursing officer except in
the sub-Treasury. The only deposit -that can
bo made in one of these depositaries is by the
Treasurer of the United States or the collect-
ors of internal revenue.
Mr. GRIMES. That is so, not by the action
of Congress, but by the action of the chief of
a bureau or the chief of a Department.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; we passed a law on
the subject.
Mr. GRIMES. When?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator probably
was not present; but about a month ago we
passed a law forbidding any disbursing officer
to deposit money with a national bank—a law
which contains substantially the idea that the
Senator advocates. Collectors of internal "rev-
enue and the Treasurer of the United States
are now the only persons who can deposit pub-
lic money in the«e banks in cities where there
are Government depositaries. It is found to
be very convenient to have this privilege con-
tinued so far as those officers are concerned.
The bill to which I refer was passed and ap-
proved long since—at least a mouth ago.
Mr. GRIMES. Then why not proceed one
step further and provide that money belong-
ing to the United States, in New York city,
instead of being deposited on the corner of
Wall street and Broadway, in the hirst Na-
tional Bank, as, I think 1 have learned, sev-
eral millions not long ago weredcpo->ited, shall
bo deposited in the sub-Treasury, about one
block further down Wall street? Is it any
very great inconvenience to the collector to
deposit there? Is it any inconvenience to the
public? Will not the public regard themselves
as a little safer in having the money deposited
there in the sub-Treasury than in the bank?
Does not the Senator know that the result of
depositing in the banks is to cause that very
inflation which the Secretary of the Treasury
says he is attempting to curb and check in
every way? These deposits when they are
put in the banks are used for the purpose of
making discounts upon, and expanding- the
volume of the currency; aiid yet the Secretary
