1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2963
Now, this debt has all been incurred in pot-
ting down the southern rebellion; our great
pension-list is to reward or reimburse those
who have suffered on our side in the same
cause. The war to a great extent has devas-
tated the South; very many lmve been made
poor and destitute; they have lost their slaves,
whoso value they counted by thousands of
.millions; almost every one suffered loss by the
bubble of the rebel debt; they have their thou-
sands of maimed and disabled men and their
thousands of widows and orphans dependent
upon them for support, and for whom no pro-
vision can or will be made by the nation.
Under these circumstances will they not be
restive under our heavy taxation to pay our
national debt and our pensioners? Say what
we will, say what they will, the truth is that if
they can avoid aiding in its payment they will
do so, and pretexts enough will be found in
some fancied or pretended injustice to them
on our part to justify such action on theirs.
In saying this 1 do not mean to assert that
these people are more faithless or less sensible
of obligation than we are, for I have very little
doubt that under the same circumstances we
should do the same thing. It is hardly in
human nature to do otherwise.
It is said we ought to be magnanimous and
trustful toward these people ; put full faith in
their promises and oaths; that we have no right
to assume they will not keep them. ■ I would
certainly extend all magnanimity to them. I
would trust all their oaths and promises which
I believed they would keep. But I should
hardly desire to trust them to fulfill a promise
.which under the same circumstances I fear I
should myself find some excuse i'or breaking.
But I do not think we aie specially called
upon to trust or put faith in official and gov-
ernmental oatlis taken by our southern friends.
Can tliey ever be more solemnly bound to the
Government and to yield it their allegiance
than they were at the very moment they seceded
and violated their oaths ? Our faith can hardly
be strengthened by our experience.
This class of oaths has not in latter years
been found very binding on the individual
conscience, and of them we may say, with
Hudibras—
" Oatlis are but words, and words but wind,
Too feeble implements to bind.
And hold with deeds proportion so
As shadows to the substance do."
But what have we to fear from them if ad-
mitted into Congress with all the representation
they would have without any amendment of
the Constitution? The North would still greatly
outnumber them, and could always vote them
down.
It is sneeringly asked, do you not consider
yourselves their equals? Arc you such cowards
and poltroons as to be afraid of being beaten
in debate and overthrown by these southern gen-
tlemen with such odds in your favor? it is
not hard to answer these questions in fact, but
it is hard and humiliating to be compelled to
acknowledge where the real danger lies. For
many years prior to the rebellion the North
had a large numerical superiority over the
South, and a much larger delegation in Con-
gress. She was still more largely her superior
in wealth, in business, 'and in all material and
scientific advancement. But notwithstanding
all these advantages to the North, the South
ruled the nation. Why? The answer is short:
by the aid of her northern allies.
To go back no further than the war of the
rebellion : did we not have many men in the
North who sympathized with the rebels; who
counseled resistance to the draft, and threw
every obstacle in the way of the successful
prosecution of the war; who rejoiced at our
defeats and rebel victories ? Did not a large
party in a national convention resolve that the
war for the suppression of the rebellion was a
failure and ought to be stopped? Now, if men
could be found who would do this when the
nation was in the very mortal agony to pre-
serve its existence, is it uncharitable to sup-
pose that to make a successful political alliance
and get, into power, men would not be found
who would unite on a platform of repudiation
of the national debt? Why, in my part of the
country the war cry of a certain parly has been
"Taxation of the national securities!'' which
was but a partial repudiation of the contract
of the Government. ] do not desire to dwell
upon this point; it is not a pleasant theme
either for reflection or discussion.
Considering the immense pecuniary stake
the people of the loyal States have in the
national securities, and the universal disaster
and calamity which would attend their repudi-
ation, or even any great distrust of them, it
behooves us to be cautious and sure that we
open no possible door for the entrance of such
danger. In my judgment, the admission of
the southern representatives without such an
amendment of the Constitution as the new and
changed condition of southern population re-
quires in order to be just, would subject us to
that very peril; indeed, that it would be sure
to come. I would prevent it.
Will this amendment, if adopted, furnish the
needed protection; or in other words, will the
South, even with the aid of northern allies, be
able to obtain the control of the Government
or of Congress?
If these States refuse to extend the right of
suffrage to the colored men their representa-
tion will be confined to the white population.
This number, especially of males above twenty-
one years of age, has largely decreased during
the war, and this deduction, together with
that, to be made for the three fifths of the slave
population, would so reduce the congressional
representation of 1 he seceding States that no
reasonable fear need be entertained that even
with the aid of northern allies would they be
able to obtain control of the Government. If,
to enlarge their political power and representa-
tion in Congress, they extend suffrage to all
the colored men, such an clement of loyalt.v
would thereby be infused info the ballot-box
that, added to the white loyalty existing there,
wc might safely count upon a portion of their
representation being reliable, true Union men,
and thus avoid a solid sectional vote against
the interests of that part of the country which
has saved it. In my judgment,, there is no rea-
sonable ground of fear, whether they do or do
not extend suffrage to colored men, that the
control of the national Government can be
placed in disloyal hands.
Will the adoption of this amendment work
any wrong or injustice to the white people of
the South?
While slavery existed they were allowed
representation upon three fifths of their slaves.
It is somewhat difficult to see any principle
upon which this basis was adopted. If they
stuod upon the same footing as the noil-voting
white population, then they should have had
representation for the whole number : while
if they were regarded as property merely they
should not have been counted at all, as no
property qualification was established or al-
lowed in other respects. If any representation
at all was allowed, it was proper that its exer-
cise should be given to themasters, as the con-
dition of absolute dependence and submission
in which the slaves stood rendered all free
and intelligent choice impossible on their part,
and if the slaves had any interest to be pro-
tected it was the master's and not theirs. The
master might possibly be regarded as the head
of a family, of which the slaves formed a part,
and so their proper representative; but I agree
that the analogy is exceedingly faint. But the
compromise by which this partial representa-
tion was allowed for slaves had probably very
little foundation in any just principle of repre-
sentation, but was one of the arbitrary com-
promises by which the conflicting interests of
the two sections were adjusted. The North
consented to so much representation, in con-
sideration that direct taxes should be laid in
the same manner. Like all the compromises
that have been made, the South had the best
of it, as they had a large and constant repre-
sentation from it, while the direct taxes have
been too small and unfrequent to furnish any
corresponding advantage to the North.
But slavery is over and ended. The slaves
have been made free. The masters can no
longer claim to represent them, either on the
ground that they are members or dependents
of their families or that they own them as their
property. The former ruling class in the South
say, "These people, now having become free
persons, we are entitled to have our representa-
tion raised by the enumeration of the whole for
that purpose." "Very well,'' say we, " let the
same rule of suffrage extend to them as is applied
to the white people, and be represented for them
all." "By no means," it is answered; "they
are too ignorant to know how to protect their
own interests in voting, and therefore we will
vote for them ; and still more, we cannot per-
mit them to vote because it would tend to elevate
them socially to something like the elevated
plane upon which we stand, which we will not
submit to."
Is there any just ground upon which the
southern whites can claim that they should rep-
resent the negro population, especially those
lately held in slavery? Do they stand in the
same relation to them that the fathers, hus-
bands, and brothers of a northern community
do to their non-voting women and children,
whoso interests are as dear to them as their
own? How opposite in theory and in fact is
the relation between them. They do not re-
gard them as having a common interest to be
supported, but as a hostile element In society
to be spurned and crushed.
It seems to me perfectly manifest that upon
no just principle should representation be al-
lowed to the whites on account of the negroes.
Suppose we test this by the actual choice of
the negroes themselves.
If the negroes were allowed to choose repre-
senlatives themselves, and to choose between
their former masters or others like them and
men like the senior Senators from Massachu-
setts and Ohio, which would bo elected? I
would be willing to wager well on the success
of my friends here. I think it perfectly just
for us to say, '' If you will not let these people
vote you shall not alone represent them, but,
we will do it jointly. We believe we have their
true interests at heart quite as much as you;
we believe we understand their wants quite as
well, and we are satisfied they will be more
content under our joint representation than
under yours alone."
Does this amendment do justice to the col-
ored people of the South? Mr. President, I
am sorry to feel compelled to say that I do not
think it does. I cannot feel satisfied with a
scheme of reconstruction of these rebel States
which gives no direct and immediate benefit
to the only class of loyal people living in them.
When I remember how loyal and faithful these
people ever proved ; how they fed, clothed,
concealed, and guided our prisoners who had
escaped from rebel prisons and starvation;
how faithfully and truly they brought us infor-
mation and guided our troops; and more than
all, how gallantly they fought by the side of
our men, and how nobly they yielded their
lives to save the nation, I feel that something
more direct should be granted to and done for
them. I should be much better satisfied if the
right of suffrage had been given at once to the
more intelligent of them and such as had
served in our Army. But it is believed by
wiser ones than myself that this amendment
will very soon produce some grant of suffrage
to them, and that the craving for political
power will ere long give them universal suf-
frage. Such I know to be the opinion of many
intelligent Union men of the South with whom.
I have conversed. I trust the result may be
as they predict, and that the day may come
when in all the nation, as in my own free
State, the law shall make and know no differ-
ence between men on aeeoumt of race or color.
Believing that this amendment probably goes
as far in favor of suffrage to the negro as is
practicable to accomplish now, and hoping it
may in the end accomplish all I desire in this
