3924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
of tlie Treasury is constantly crying out that he
is attempting to curtail the currency and to cur-
tail this expansion, and he instructs the Sen-
ator from Ohio to come down here and say
that he is opposed to enforcing the provisions
of the old sub-Treasury law, which required
all the public money to be deposited in the
sub-Treasury. I do not know how many more
explosions we shall have similar to that which
occurred right under our eyes here in Wash-
ington ; but I predict that they will be numer-
ous if wo do not put some restraint upon these
deposiis. I do not know, for I have not taken
the trouble to investigate it—I did not know
this bill was coming up, until yesterday, or I
should have done so—but I am told that mil-
lions at a time have been deposited just across
from the sub-Treasury in one of the national
banks, the deposits of which were worth to the
men who owned the bank four per cent., and
who were willing to pay it, or other parlies
were willing to pay it for them. I think this
thing out to be checked. I do not suppose
that my amendment will be adopted, but I
want to have a vote upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the existing law
nobody can deposit public money in a national
depository except a collector of the internal
revenue and the Treasurer of the United
States since the law has been changed; and
that is really the provision of the banking law.
Now, the question is whether we shall repeal
entirely the power of collectors of internal
revenue and the Treasurer of the United States
to deposit.
Mr. GRIMES. This amendment only ap-
plies to the cities.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know, in the cities
where they are deposited. Now, it is con-
venient to make these depositories in those
eities for collectors of the internal revenue,
and the Secretary of the Treasury linds it con-
venient in making loans ; and I have no doubt
that the deposit of which the Senator from Iowa
spoke in this city was made in the course of
negotiating a loan. That is the only way in
which deposits come there; and it was con-
venient and necessary to make those transac-
tions by depositing in national banks, or other-
wise the Government would lose largely, these
deposits coming in the form of checks, cer-
tificates, and drafts from various parts of the
United States, which cannot be received by the
Treasurer.
Now, in regard to the collectors, take the
city of New York. There are live collection
districts in that city, scattered all over the city.
These collectors receive from the people certi-
fied cheeks, certificates of deposit, and various
kinds of commercial instruments. I do not
suppose that one dollar in a hundred is paid in
actual currency. It is done by certified cheeks.
To require the collectors daily to go down into
Wall street, and deposit this money day by day
with the sub-Treasurer of the United States
would be a very inconvenient arrangement for
the sub-Treasurer; they are all opposed to it;
it would be a very inconvenient arrangement
for the people, because the people would then
be compelled to gather up United States notes,
for nothing else would be received at the sub-
Treasury, and it would be very inconvenient
for the collectors. It would throw upon them
additional responsibility and trouble. All
these deposits now are secured by United
States bonds, so that under the existing law
there can be no trouble. In the case that
occurred here of the Merchants' Bank, that
occurred by a clear and palpable violation of
the law, where a disbursing officer undertook
in violation, not only of the law but of instruc-
tions, to deposit money in the Merchants' Bank.
That is all repealed and modified.
This amendment, if it shall be adopted, will
introduce into this bill, which contains but a
few simple provisions, a controverted subject
upon which there is a difference of opinion. A
bill is now pending in the House of Represent-
atives intended to further secure the United
States in these deposits, and to limit and qual-
ify the deposits, requiring the Secretary of
the Treasury to draw them down to a certain
amount, so that they can never exceed the
amount of security. It would be a great deal
better to leave this difficult question to be set-
tled in that way. We may not pass that meas-
ure at this session, but I suppose we shall do
so at the next in some form. I trust, there-
fore, that this important bill will not be embar-
rassed by a question entirely foreign to it, relat-
ing to the national bank system, for it will very
seriously embarrass the bill if it is placed upon
it. I hope that the Senator and the Senate will
allow the bill, which is admitted to contain
good features, to pass without encumbering it.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before I vote on the
amendment I wish to inquire of the Senator
from Iowa in what respect it conflicts with the
bill which was passed some time ago.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand from the Sen-
ator from Ohio that the bill that was passed
some time ago prohibited disbursing officers
from depositing money in the national banks.
This would apply to the collectors of internal
revenue as well.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This will leave any offi-
cer of the Government to make a deposit in a
bank where there is no office of the Treasury?
Mr. GRIMES. Where there is no sub-
Treasury they will still go on under the reg-
ulations now established; but in cities where
there are sub-Treasuries and in the District
of Columbia they will be required to deposit
the money in the sub-Treasury or the Treas-
ury. It leaves the law precisely as it now
stands outside of cities where there are sub-
Treasuries.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It does not disturb the
present law where there is no sub-Treasury?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; not at all.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 12; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Cresweli, Davis, Ed-
munds, Uriinos, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe,
Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, MeDousall, Morrill, Nor-
ton. Poland, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—21.
NAYS — Messrs. Buckalew, Conness, Fessenden,
Foster. Untlirie. Morgan, Ponieroy, Riddle, Sherman,
Van Winkle, Willoy, and William?—12.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Cowan,
Crasin, Dixon, Doolittle, Howard, Nesmith, Nye,
Ramsey, Saulnbury, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, and
Wright—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole; and the ques-
tion will be taken on the amendments collect-
ively unless a division be asked.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a
separate vote on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. EESSENDEN. AVhatisthcuscoftlmt?
It has just been adopted by a vote of two to
one.
Mr. SHERMAN. Still I shall call for a
separate vote upon it. I wish to do my duty
at any rate.
ThePRESIDENTproifmjiore. That amend-
ment will be excepted. The question is on con-
curring in the residue of the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The other amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
offered by the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to submit to the
Senate whether, as a business proposition, it is
wise to adopt a provision of this kind, changing
the existing law, without the examination of
any committee ; a proposition that has never re-
ceived the sanction of any committee ; a propo-
sition that is opposed, so far as I know, by every
officer connected with the Government of the
United States; a proposition that will tie up
the hands of the Government of the United
States in negotiating loans, which will compel
every collector to deposit every night in Uni-
ted States notes every dollar of money he re-
ceives into the sub-Treasury, which will require
every collector in the city of New York to go
into the neighborhood of the Park every night
to deposit money with the sub-Treasurer, and
then he must convert certified cheeks into Uni-
ted States notes, because money cannot be re-
ceived in other form at the sub-Treasury. T ask
whether it is wise at this stage of the session
to encumber a bill of an important practical
character with a provision not yet fully dis-
cussed and matured. If it is possible to apply
the sub-Treasury system to the United States
when we are collecting internal revenue, I do
not believe any officer of the Government is
ever so safe; but it has never been done, and
it cannot be done as a practical measure. The
sub-Treasury system is a wise and judicious one.
If we were collecting only at the ports, and gold
and silver were the money used, it would jaat-
urally go into the sub-Treasury; but when money
is collected as it is now by the collectors of in-
ternal revenue, partly in national currency,
partly in United States notes, partly in certi-
fied checks, partly in drafts, flowing in almost
ever}' form, I ask is it wise, without reflection,
without any examination by a committee, to
require the collectors of internal revenue under
the sub-Treasury act to deposit every night in
the sub-Treasury of the United States in the
large cities, where the deposit can only be made
in United States notes?
There is another consideration. We are
negotiating loans every day. Those loans are
mainly negotiated in the city of New York and
in other large cities. Now, if this amendment
passes the sub-Treasurer, under the law, cannot
receive a draft from the city of St. Louis or the
city of New York in payment of a loan because
the law forbids it. He cannot receive the
various kinds of commercial instruments that
are used among the people to transmit money,
because the law forbids it. The law says that
nothing shall be paid into the United States
sub-Treasury except United States notes or
gold and silver coin. My friend, the Senator
from Maine, who was Secretary of the Treas-
ury, knows that when he attempted to negotiate
loans under a different system he was con-
stantly embarrassed. He found trouble and
delay until eventually he was compelled, in the
first instance, to use the national banks even in
the cities where there were existing deposito-
ries, because the national banks could receive
drafts; they could receive bank notes: they
could receive certified checks and all the various
forms of commercial instruments; and the same
stringency was not required in depositing there
that was required by the sub-Treasury act.
Now, I ask whether it is wise for the Senate
to vote to encumber this bill with a proposition
so important as this, making so vital a change
in the laws and in the customs of the Govern-
ment against the wishes of those who are charged
with the execution of the law at this stage of
the session? As a matter of course I have no
feeling about it. Tf the Senate think it is wise
to do so they can pass the amendment. I have
done my duty in presenting these objections
to it.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I understand the internal
revenue is payable in national bank notes. If
this amendment be adopted, it will devolve on
the collectors to refuse to take them, or they
will be under the burden of changing them to
legal-tender notes before they can make their
deposits. They are not bound to do that now;
and I think we ought not to encumber this bill
with anything that is to invite discussion or
procrastinate it. I hope that the amendment
will not be concurred in.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that the ob-
jection of the Senator from Kentucky to this
proposition is not on account of any of its
demerits, but because he does not want any
discussion on the subject; he does not want
anything of that kind added to the bill. I do
not propose to discuss it, but I wish to say a
single word in reply to the Senator from Ohio.
I do not profess to be a financier; it may be that
all knowledge on questions of this kind is con-
fined to a few men in this body or a few men
