1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sideringthe state of the Union on that subject,
that there is a State not represented which
ought to be ; he says so; and therefore a great
and distinguished leader says he will change
his mind; that having come to the conclusion
that the members from Tennessee ought to be
admitted, he will refuse them admission for
this reason.
The resolution begins with saying that it is
"in order to close agitation." This is a subject
"which agitates and will continue to agitate this
whole country. The waves of popular feeling
are running high and will be more tumultuous ;
agitation never will cease till more or less of
the representation of these States is admitted.
But the Senator says to close agitation on thia
subject we should adopt this resolution.
The people are agitated; they desire to ad-
mit the Tennessee members. We are to stop
their agitation by telling them we will not do
it. Will that close agitation? I might refer
to the experience of some members of this body.
The Senator from Massachusetts has been in
his day somewhat of an agitator. My breath
is not agitation, but there have been times when
he has gloried in being called an agitator, and
there have been attempts to close his agitation,
and how ? By law. This is not even a law.
There was the Kansas-Nebraska bill which was
intended to close the Senator's agitation, and
the agitation of the Senator from Illinois, and
the agitation of the Senator from Maine, by
declaring that the people ot a Territory should
decide for themselves, an,d that Congress had
no power virtually to act on the question of
slavery. Did that close agitation? Did the
repeal of the Missouri compromise close agita-
tion? There was another attempt. A decision
was made by the Supreme Court of the United
States with the view of closing agitation upon
the question of slavery. That court decided
that Congress had uo power to pass an act upon
the subject of slavery either in the States or in
the Territories, and they fondly believed that
would close agitation. Were_ men ever more
deceived? Did it close agitation? If any act
could accomplish the impossibility that would
do it. It was supposed by some deluded men
that the Supreme Court of the United States
having taken that ground, the people of this
country would stop their agitation and would
cease to talk and legislate on the subject of
slavery by their representatives in Congress.
But, sir, that agitation has gone 011 until it has
culminated in war, and finally slavery has been
abolished 011 the battle-field.
I do not think the Senator is supported by
experience in his desire to close agitation m
this way. He knows that the vast business in-
terests of this country are eagerly intent on
this question. He knows that the people 01
this country are mutually attracted, the iSortn
and the South, and they must sooner or later act
together. He knows perfectly well that what-
ever Congress may do. this question will not
ceaso to be agitated. Adjourn, if you see lit,
without settling this question; leave it as it is;
admit 110 member from Tennessee : and when
you go through the States next fall which nold
their elections for Congress, see whether agi-
tation has ceased. Sir, a word of caution may
not be unfit 011 that subject.
In my judgment it is the solemn duty ot this
body to-dav, to-moiroiv, at the first possible
time to take ap the credentials of Mr. Fowler—
I inline him: lie is the applicant here as Sena."
tor from Tennessee—and to act upon that ques-
tion. and in acting upon it, to consider Oie en-
tire question whether Tennessee is a State m
the Union, whether she has a Legislature,
whether her people are loyal, whether the pub-
lic safety will permit her aAmission, whether
the manhimseif is fit to be admitted. On that
question there is no doubt. iNobody questions ;
thiit Fowler is as loyal a man as the ecu |
lior from Ohio himself. Upon that question j
there is no dispute. lt> our duty to act upon [
the question of his admission. \\ ecannote-vade j
it. we cannot throw it upon Congress. Congress ,
has no jurisdiction of the subject, m my' judg- j
went. It is the duly oi the Senate ol the U nite I
States, an independent body, of being a mem-
ber of which I am proud, as the Senator from
Maine declares himself to be, but never with
my consent will I relinquish one of the prerog-
atives of this body. It is for us to say and it is
our duty instantly, upon the moment, as a ques-
tion of privilege, the privilege of a State, the
privilege of a member, the privilege of the whole
country, to consider the question of the repre- j
sentation of Tennessee, and of other States as
their cases are presented. Every day that you
omit it, in my humble judgment, Senators, you
omit to do your duty. I shall vote for it at every
opportunity offered. If others do not, the
responsibility is theirs.
But, sir, what is the policy proposed instead
of this? - Instead of acting on this question, in-
stead of the Senate of the United States taking
up this question of the right of a State to rep-
resentation, and of the right of the member
chosen to be a member of the Senate, what is
proposed? The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
has asked me to state the policy of the President.
It is more difficult to state the policy of those
who oppose the President.
Mr. WADE. I have been listening to your
whole speech, and I was going to ask the ques-
tion over again, for I want to know what that
policy is. It was very pertinent to some ob-
servations you made first.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator will not object
to my stating it in my own time and place when
I rea~ch it, as I assured you I would. I wish
first to consider what the Senator's policy is.
That is a far more difficult question to answer.
I have written statements of the President's
policy. Vague and indefinite and fleeting like
a myth, or like a ghost on the mountain in Os-
sian is the policy of the Senator himself and of
his friends, excepting only my friend from Mas-
sachusetts. His policy is understood, and dis-
tinctly declared.
Now, sir, permit me to consider for a moment
the policy of those men who say Congress is to
settle this question. The Senator from Illinois
yesterday said there was no man within the
circle of his knowledge who claimed that there
should be an indefinite extension in point of
time of the admission of representatives from
these States. Is that so ? 1 think not. I have
here as an index of the policy of those who differ
from me and possibly from the President a reso-
lution offered by the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Howe.] It has never been printed it
ability, a leader I may say, in the other branch
of Congress, His talents entitle him to the post.
These are the resolutions which he offerfea:
"Resolved, That in our Judgment the best way to
effect that [reconstruction] Is to treat the so-called
'confederate States' as subject to all the liabilities
which they claimed for themselves as "a belligerent
independent de facto alien to the Constitution; and
entitled to claim no protection under it.
" Resolved, That having conquered this hostile bel-
ligerent, they shall be held as a conquered enemy,
and the laws which are to govern them shall he re-
ferred to Congress, to which, as our State convention
has well resolved, it properly belongs.
" Resolved That, until Congress shall hare acted,
le of the confederate States' is entitled to foe rep-
seems
„„.„.,'and I ask the Clerk to read it. That is
one index of the policy.
The Secretary read the joint resolution intro-
duced by Mr. Howe, as follows:
sissippi. Louisiana, lexa?, ai^1.6. 5, j-u ■ «
have heretofore declared their independence ot the
Government of the United States, have usurped au-
thority denied to every btate by the supreme law of
the land, have abjured duties imposed upon even
State hy the same law, and have waged.war asainst
the United States, whereby the politiralfunehonsioi-
morlv granted to those people have been suspended,
and whereas military tribunals are not suited to the
exercise of civil authority : Therefore,
'"JHe it resolved. Ac., That loeal governments ought
to be provisionally organized forthwith lor the people
in each of the districts named m th o preamble heicto.
Mr. DIXON. That is the policy proposed
by the Senator from Wisconsin. Whether the
Senator from Ohio agrees with it I do not
know. I know that there are Senators here
who aaree with that policy, and who propose
o-overnnicnts to be established for these States
2s foreign nations, as Territories, as districts,
ao-called mere districts. That is one policy.
Is not that an indefinite extension? itie Sen-
ator from Illinois says he knows no man that
proposed any such thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that indefinite? Does
it not tell when?
Mr. DIXON". In pomt of time it is very in-
definite. It is definite enough in its character,
but the time when those States can be repre-
sented is the question. Here is another indi-
cation. I find certain resolutions offered and
adopted by a public meeting_at Gettysburg on
the 3d day of October, I860, by Hon. ThaD
debs Steveks, a man of great distmctio-i and
none OI me uuuieuei- W3 0t M:o ty uoicr
rcsented in Congress, but shall be held and treated as
Territories until again admitted into the Union.
"Resolved, That we demand, on behalf of the people
of Pennsylvania, that Congress shall declare as for-
feited and vested in th 0 G-o vernm ent., all the real estate
of such of the enemy as were rebels, whose estate at
the beginning ofthewa<rwas worth ten thousand dol-
lars, or more, as ourState con ventionresolved, though
wewould have preferred & lower stun; and who were
the owners of more than two hundred acres of arable
" Resolved, That we desire that the forfeited land
shall be divided into convenient farms: and alter
assigning a just portion to the freedmen the balance
should be sold, at convenient periods, to the highest
bidder: and the proceeds to be applied as follows:
"1. Invest $300,000,000 in six per cent. Government
bonds, and add the interest semi-annually to the pen-
sions of those who have become pensioners by the
casualties of this infamous war.
"2. Anoropriate $200,000,000 to pay the damages
done by the rebels to loyal citizens, whether North or
S° 3JPay the balance into theUnited States Treasury,
toward the payment of the national debt."
Five hundred million dollars to be received
by confiscation and sale of the property of the
whole South and the balance of the price to go
to pay the national debt. That is the proposi-
tion of the honorable chairman of^this joint
committee. This shocked the Senator from
Massachusetts, and I may say that in the way
of radicalism anything that shocks him must
be sufficiently shocking. [Laughter.] Tie did
not favor it. He was shocked by this monstrous
proposition. What is it ? The confiscation of
the property of the whole people, the actual
turning out to starvation of an entire popula-
tion, and until that is done no representation
shall be admitted into Congress, lhat is one
of the things which Congress is to do. lhat
is one mode of reconstruction 1 And still the
Senator from Illinois says, in that convincing
manner of his, that there is no human being, to
his knowledge, who proposes any indefinite ex-
clusion in point of time. Will it not take some
little time to accomplish this, I ask that Sen-
ator? Is not the honorable member who in-
troduced these resolutions at Gettysburg a man
to whom that Senator looks as one who has the
right to give opinions? I do not say that he
alwavs follows his lead, but lie said that he
knew 110 man who proposed an indefinite ex-
^'sk,"that gentleman is the chairman of _ this
joint committee. To him you have committed
this question of reconstruction. Ourtnend,
and colleague from Maine is powerless m that
committee; he has, I think, six members on
the part of the Senate. The other chairman
of the committee has nine. What can our dis-
tinguished friend do in that body? It is a ques-
tion of force, a question of physical power, a
question of numbers, it is not a question ot
intellect. If it was a question of intellect, 1
think the two chairmen would be pretty iairly
ratted against each other. I would say of the
contest between these two men, the honorable
member from Pennsylvania and the h°n°iable
Senator from Maine, as the poetsaid of the ba„
tie of Talavera:
"A glorious sight to see
For him who had no friend or brother there.
Xow, sir, 1 have spoken of the policy of those
who differ from me, and, as Isuppose, from the
President, on this subject. I mightaduce .o
other distinguished men. I have spoken ot the
gentleman from Pennsylvania; I have spoken
of the Senator from Wisconsin.. I will alluue
now to another gentleman of high position ra
the House of Representatives. 1 have read
his speech in the Globe. 1 suppose m that
official paper I may comment on it with pro-
priety—a speech of great force, perhaps un-
