1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
surpassed by any speech made cm this subject.
I allude to a speech published in the Globe as
the speech of Mr. Shellabarger, of Ohio.
What does he say ? He has a policy of recon-
struction ; and he says :
" Mr. Chairman, let this noble utterance—' irre-
versible guarantees for the rights' of American citi-
zens of every race and condition—be written with
pen of iron and point of diamond in your Constitu-
tion. Let it thus be made 'irreversible' indeed, by
the action of the State, in the only way it can be made
irreversible; and then to establish this and every
other guarantee of the Constitution upon the only
sure foundation of a free republic—the equality of
the people and of tho States—make, by the same or-
ganic law, every elector in tho Union absolutely equal
in his right of representation in thatrenovatedUuion,
and I am content.
" Let the revolted States base their republican
State governments upon a genera] anil sincere loy-
alty of the people, and come to us under tho guaran-
tees of this renewed Union, and we hail their coining
and tho hour that brings them.
"If you ask again, 'Supposesuch general loyalty
should ne\er reappear, shall they bo dependencies
forevei ?'
" Sir. convince trie that tho case is supposable, then
with deepest sorrow I answer—Forever 1"
Is not this indefinite in point of time? No,
he limits it to forevei-. Unless he can get these
guarantees, this Union must remain dissevered
forever. Now, sir, is it surprising that some
gentlemen on this floor think it is time for them
to assert their individual sentiments against
these opinions of men of eminent talent and
ability m both Houses of Congress?
1 eotne to another example, and one of still
more power, probably, in (he estimation of the
Senate. I come to the opinions of the honorable
Senator fiom Massachusetts, [Mr. Hu.mnek.]
lie, presiding at the call of the people of Mas-
sachusetts at a great State convention held in
that nobleiState in tho month of September last,
laid down his ideas of the true policy of recon-
struction. So radical is his plan of reconstruc-
tion that he cannot go for the resolution reported
by the joint, committee of fifteen. That does
not go dee]> enough for him. Tlis is a subsoil
plow. He thinks it may require thirty years
io uccomplish liis purpose. Am L mistaken V
Mr. Sl'.MXKIl. Head the passage.
Mr. DIXON. Here is the speech, "The
national security ami the national faith," a
splendid and magnificent effort, like all that
comes from him. 15eforo the assembled Repub-
licans of the State of Massachusetts, a body
over which he presided, of which I may say
that probably it has novel" been surpassed by
any similar body 011 the face of the globe for
intelligence and for character, the Senator him-
self gh ing the people of Massachusetts solemnly
his opinions mid laying down his manifesto,
announcing his project which was ratified by
the convention. lie says:
"There must ho no precipitation. Time is tho
gentlest but most powerful revolutionist. Time is
the surest, reformer. Time is ttie pence-maker. Time
is ueec^.iry to giowlh, and it is an element of change.
For thirty years n,n<l more this wickedness was ma-
turing. AYho eim suy that tho same time Witt not be
needed now to mature tlio conditions of permanent
peace V'
The Senator does not say it. will take thirty
years, but he says 110 man can say that it will not.
1 agree with liiin, no man can say it will not.
Air. SOMNFIt. Finish tho passage.
Mr. DIXON. Yes, it is worth reading:
" Who ean Pay that a generation must not etapso
before the rebel communities have been so tar changed
as to become, sate associates in a common govern-
ment ? Plainly, ttiis cannot, bo done at once. Wel-
lington exclaimed at Wnterloo, 'Would tlnit night
or Btueher had cornel' Time alone was a substitute
for a powerful atly. It was more through time than
bettie that La Vendee was changed into loyalty.
Time, therefore, we must have. Through time all
other guarantee* may be obtained; but time itself is
a guarantee."
Is that indefinite in point of time? I do not
think all this can be accomplished short of a
generation. 1 de.-ii e while that process is going
on, while that generation is growing up, that
the people of this country shall be reunited,
that they shall be represented by loyal men
from loyal States and districts in this body and
in the other House, while the Senator is finish-
ing the remainder of his useful career on earth
in bringing that great work to accomplishment.
Its completion will bring Mm to more than the
allotted term of human life.
Is not this indefinite? But, sir, it is said—
the Senator from Ohio will excuse me for not
yet coming to the policy of the President—that
the President's recent speech is an obstacle in
the way of the President's policy. The Sena-
tor from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] saw fit to bring
before this body a speech, recently made by the
President of the United States or I should not
myself have alluded to it. I have but a few
words to say upon it. I am not here either to
justify or condemn it.
There are certain matters of public policy
which when avowed by the President interest
me somewhat deeply. Peculiar modes of ex-
pression do not very much interest me, I con-
fess. Whether he states his views in a speech
from the White House or in a message is to me
somewhat immaterial. What he says is mate-
rial upon great questions of public policy. We
know that when General Washington was Pres-
ident of the United States he introduced, as was
complained in those days, a somewhat regal and
imperial mode of conducting the public busi-
ness. It was as difficult to get access to him as
to a monarch. When Mr. Lincoln came into
the executive chair he was as accessible as he
was in his office at Springfield. General Wash-
ington had one mode of transacting public busi-
ness ; Mr. Lincoln had another. 1 am not here
to condemn or to justify either of those modes.
I may have my preferences. Possibly if I could
express my wish, it would be that the Washing-
tonian mode was in some respects revived and
renewed. But does anybody suppose that great
questions of public policy in the minds of the
people are to be affected l'or a single instant, by
a question of taste? Does that alfcct tho ques-
tion of policy? It is not for us to inquire what
is tho President's mode of life or action, pro-
vided it is pure and virtuous. That wo have a
right to ask, and that is all we have a right to
ask. Great questions of policy we have a right
to consider, and the people of this whole coun-
try an; looking with eager eyes upon the policy
of the President, nolupon his modes of express-
ing this policy.
To suppose that at this time, when the ocean
of public opinion is heaving in multitudinous
waves, the people of this country are to avert
their gaze for a single moment from the ques-
tion of policy in order that they may consider
the question whether a particular mode of ex-
pression or action is in good taste or not, is to
suppose what I think docs not exist. What
the people ask is, what is tho policy of the Ad-
ministration ? and 1 am now prepared to tell the
Senator from Ohio what I think that policy is.
Mr. WADIi. LctmeasktheSenatorwhether
he derives the evidence of that policy from the
speech of tho President made on the 22d of
February. Jf so, 1 suppose he knew nothing
about it before. Lot us have it, then, from that
source.
Mr. DIXON. I shall take authentic and
written declarations of his opinion. When this
Congress met there was, I understand, no dif-
ference of opinion between the President and
Congress. Was ever a message submitted to a
more approving Congress ? Was there ever a
President's message read by a more admiring
public? 1 need not refer to what followed in
either House of Congress. Nearly three months
have elapsed. It is said there is a difference
of opinion at tins time between the President
and certain men in this body.
What is the difference of opinion existing
between the President of the United States and
those who are hostile to his reconstruction policy
in the two Houses of Congress ? I certainly
disclaim, of course, any right to state what are
his opinions, except, as they are given to us in
authentic public documents. From these alone
I obtain his views.
That these arc misrepresented, intentionally
or otherwise, should not perhaps surprise those
who consider how seldom a candid statement
of the true question at issue is made by the
advocates of conflicting doctrines and opinions.
It would seem impossible, in view of the frank
and explicit utterances which the President has
often made of his opinions, to create in the
public mind a misapprehension of his views.
Yet this, to a certain extent, has been done.
He is supposed by many to urge the admission
of disloyal men from the rebel States to the
two Houses of Congress. lie is charged with
a purpose to bring into their former places in
this body bloody handed rebels. He is said to
wish to "throw wide open" the doors of Con-
gress and fill those seats with traitors fresh
from the battle-fields of the rebellion. WThat
is his true position? I might refer to the pub-
lished statement of his views in his remarks to
a delegation of Virginians the other day, in
which he explicitly declared his opinion that
only loyal men should be appointed to office ;
but I prefer to take his latest authentic written
declarations. I shall read from his veto mes-
sage. I find in that document the following:
"I hold it my duty to recommend to you, in tho
interests of peace and in the interests of the Union,
the admission of every State to its share in public le-
gislation, when, however insubordinate, insurgent, or
rebellious its people may have been, it presents itself,
not only in an attitude of loyalty and harmony, but
in the persons of representatives whose loyalty can-
not bo questioned undor any existing constitutional
or legal tests."
Such is the language of the President in his
veto message. Can it be misunderstood? Can
it be misrepresented? What are existing con-
stitutional and legal tests but the oath required
by the Constitution, and the still stronger test
oath prescribed by law?
Having stated what he recommends, the Pres-
ident then states what he is opposed to, as fol-
lows :
"It is plain that an indefinite orpermanent exclu-
sion of any part of the country from representation
must bo attended by a spirit of disquiet and com-
plaint. It is unwise and dangerous to pursueacourse
of measures which will unite a very large section of
ttie country against another section of tho country,
however much the latter may preponderate. The
course of emigration, the development of industry
and business, and natural causes will raise up at tho
South men as devoted to the Union as thoso of any
other part of the land. But if they are all excluded
from Congress; if, in a permanent statute, they are
declared not to be in full constitutional relations to
tho country, they may think they havo cause to
becomo a unit in feeling and sentiment against the
Government."
This is what the President is opposed to.
We have, therefore, what he recommends and
what lie disapproves. He recommends the ad-
mission to Congress of loyal men who can take
the required oaths, provided they come from
States which present themselves in an attitude
of harmony and loyalty. He disapproves of a
permanent or indefinite exclusion of all repre-
sentation, regardless of the loyalty of the rep-
resentative or the people. Here, then, the issue
is fairly presented. How could he state it more
distinctly?
Yet we arc daily told that the President
desires to throw wide open the doors of Con-
gress to bloody-handed rebels. Go whore you
will—in the halls of representation as well aa
in the public press—you will find the opponents
of his policy stating the question in this form.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator from Con-
necticut permit me to ask him whether or not
he understands the President's theory to be
that each and every one of these States is at
this time in such a loyal attitude as to entitle it
to be represented in this body and in the House
of Representatives?
Mr. DIXON. That, I think, he leaves to the
two Houses of Congress, each for itself to de-
cide. All he says is that, a total exclusion is
not allowable; and in my private judgment,
without being qualified or able to speak for him,
I do not think that South Carolina stands on
the same ground as Tennessee, and in the veto
message he draws an evident distinction. He
says Tennessee, for certain reasons, ought to be
represented, lie'makes a much stronger case
for Tennessee than South Carolina can present.
Therefore, I think lie does not consider that
they are by any means on the same footing.
The Senator from Ohio, in the speech in
which he introduced a resolution proposing an
amendment to the Constitution the other day,
said that he who would go for admitting trai-
tors was himself a traitor.
Mr. WADE. Is that the President's policy ?
