2966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
Montana, I understand, is mostly pine and hem- I
lock, and of course it would require a longer
t^ne for it to be renewed.
Inasmuch as iron enters largely iu the pur-
suits of mining, agriculture, and manufactures,
I thiuk we should do all that could be done to
foster its manufacture in these new regions.
This company asks nothing from the Govern-
ment except the privilege of now doing what
they would have a right to do, had these lauds
been surveyed by the Government. I think
much can be said in favor of the bill, and I can
see nothing that can be said against it.
Mr. PRICE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] one
or two questions in regard to this bill. Is it to
grant to this company the privilege of pre-
empting these lands or of purchasing them?
Mr. STEVENS. The privilege of purchasing
them.
Mr. PRICE. To purchase twenty sections
of land in a square form in the Territory of
Montana.
Mr. HOLMES. Amounting to twelve thou-
sand eight hundred acres in the aggregate.
Mr. PRICE. Are the mineral lands excepted
from the operations of this bill ?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; all mineral lands
are excepted except iron and coal lands. This
bill is perhaps more carefully guarded in that
respect than any other making a land grant
that I now recollect, and I have looked into it
very particularly.
Mr. PRICE. Then the only effect of this
bill is to give this company the privilege of
purchasing these lands in advance of the Gov-
ernment surveys?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir, payingthe expense
of the surveys themselves, and paying for the
land in two years, in which time they must
have their iron works established.
Mr. PRICE. Then I can see no objection
to the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRACTION ENGINE ROADS IN TEIIMTORIES.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to aid in establishing a
line of traction engines and wagons from the
Missouri river to the Rocky mountains, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be pi in ted.
SOLDIEKS' AND SAILORS' ORPIIANS'FAIIt.
Mr. MOULTON. byunanimouseonsent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Warbe respectfully
requested to loan to the lady managers of the soldicis'
andsailors' orphans' fair, now being held in this city,
such American is.'in !r- possesion as may be de-
si re J to decorate the building in which the said fair is
being held.
Mr. MOULTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OB' INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WRTGHT. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for present consideration a reso- |
lution of inquiry addressed to the Secretary of i
the Interior, calling for his annual report upon |
the contingent expenses of his Department. |
Mr. SPALDIN G. Let the resolution be read, i
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Whereas by an act of Congress, approved August
26, lfi-,12, it is made the duty of" the head of cach De-
partment to report to Congress, at the commence-
ment of every regular session, a detailed statement
ot the manner in which the contingent fund of their
respective Departments, and for the bureaus and
offices therein, has been expended, giving filenames
of every person to whom any portion thereof has
been paid; and if anything furnished, the quantity
and price; and if for any services rendered, the na-
ture of such service, and the time employed, and the
particular occasion or cause, in brief, that rendered
such service necessary ; and the amount of all former
appropriations in each case on hand, either in the
Treasury or in the hands of any disbursing officer or
agent, and that they shall require of the disbursing
officers, acting under their direction or authoiity.tho
return of precise and analytical statements and re-
ceipts for all the moneys which have been,from time
to time during the next preceding year, expended by
them, and the results of such returns, and that the
sums total shall be communicated annually to Con-
gress by said officers respectively;" and whereas by
an act of Congress approved .1 inn: 25,18(51, also an
act approved March 4, 1S85, "the Secretary of the
Interior was authorized to expend such part of the
amount theretofore appropriated to carry into effect
any treaty stipulation with any tribe or tribes of Indi-
ans, all or any portion of whom shall be in a state
of actual hostility to the Government of the United
States, including the Creeks, Choctaws, Seminoles,
WicLitas, and other affiliated tribes, as well as the
Cberokees, as might be found necessary to support
such individual members of said tribes as had been
diiven from their homes or reduced to want on ac-
count of their friendship to the United States, and
enable them tosubsistiuitil theycouldsupportthem-
selvesin their own country: Providerf/Eb'dt an account
should bo kept of the sums so paid fur the benefit of
the said members of said tribes, which account shall
be rendered to Concress at the commeneementof the
next session thcreot,'"' tfce.: and whereas it appears
that said reports have not been made to Congress by
the Secretary of th e In teri or dtirinc its present session
as required by the aforesaiii acts, but have been
altogether withheld: Therefore,
lieiolved. That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to furnish the said reports to Congress at
an eaily day and inform this House why it i3 that
the same has not been made as required by law.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I object.
EDUCATION OF COLORED YOUTII.
On motion of Mr. HOLMES, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Public Lands was
discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of the >Jew York Central College
for the education of colored youth ; and the
same was referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
A. L. GOODRIOII AND NATHAN CORNISH.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a report from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
There was no objection.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I am directed by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
to report back joint resolution (H. R. No. 77)
for the relief of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Na-
than Cornish for carrying the United States
mails from Boise City to Idaho City, in the
Territory of Idaho, and to move that the
House non-concur in the amendment of the
Senate, and ask for the appointment of a
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
DAVIS FOSTER.
On motion of Mr. SCIIENCK, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Military
Affairs was discharged from the farther con-
sideration of the petition of Davis Foster,
lieutenant of the twenty-fourth Massachusetts
volunteers, for reimbursement for cflothing,
&c.. lost by the sinking of the United States
transpoit Fanning: and the same was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
AMOS SAXFORD.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Military Af-
fairs was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Amos Sanford, of
Prairie City, Illinois, for an appropriation of
$12-5 : and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
CANAL AND SEWERAGE COMPANY.
The SPEAKER. The Chair omitted to
state that the bill (S. No. 100j to incorporate
the District of Columbia Canal and Sewerage
Company would, in regular order, have come
up this morning immediately after the reading
of the Journal, but by an arrangement between
the chairman of the Committee for the District
of Columbia [Mr. Ixgeksoi.i, j and the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] it was
agreed that, with the consent of the House, the
bill should not be called up until next Thurs-
day morning. The Chair presumes there is
no objection to this arrangement.
NATIONAL DEPARTMENT OIf EDUCATION.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am directed by the
select committee on education to report back
the bill (H. R. No. 270) to establish a national
Bureau of Education, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute. I ask that for con-
venience in considering the bill the substitute
may by unanimous consent be regarded as the
original bill.
There was no objection.
The substitute, which was read, provides in
the first section that there shall be established,
at the city of Washington, a Department of
Education for the purpose of collecting such
statistics and facts as shall show the condition
and progress of education in the several States
and Territories, and of diffusing such informa-
tion respecting the organization and manage-
mentof schools and school systems and meth-
ods of teaching as shall aid the people of the
United States in the establishment and main-
tenance of efficient school systems, and other-
wise promote the cause of education through-
out the country.
The second section proposes to enact that
there shall be appointed by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a Commissioner of Education, who shall be
intrusted with the management of the depart-
ment herein established, and who shall receive
a salary of S5,000 per annum, and who shall
have authority to appoint one chief clerk of
his department, who shall receive a salary of
$2,000 per annum; one clerk wdio shall re-
ceive a salary of $1,800 per annum ; one clerk
who shall receive a salary of $1,600 perannum ;
one clerk who shall receive a salary of $1,400
perannum; and one clerk who shall receive
a salary of $1,200 per annum : which said
clerks shall be subject to the appointing and
removing power of the Commissioner of Edu-
cation.
The third section provides that it shall be
the duty of the Commissioner of Education to
present annually to Congress a report embody-
ing the results of his investigations and labors,
together with a statement of such facts and
recommendations as will in his judgment sub-
serve the purpose for which this department
is established. In the first report made by the
Commissioner of Education under this act,
there shall be presented a statement of the
several grants of land made by Congress to
promote education, and the manner in which
these several trusts have been managed, the
amount of funds arising therefrom, and the
annual proceeds of the same, as far as the
same can be determined.
The fourth section proposes to authorize
and direct the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to furnish proper offices for the use of the
department herein established.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, with the
first gun fired upon Fort Sumter the nation was
born into a new life. All that has followed,
all that will follow, must be regarded as the
natural outgrowth of that great event.
With that act we passed forever beyond the
middle ages of our history as a nation.
Those States which had so long been sanc-
tuaries to which cruelty and injustice could flee
for shelter and protection were by that act
thrown open to the civilizing influences of the
age. The light burst in upon them, along the
track of our advancing armies, never to darken,
never to retrocede, so long as the nation itself
should endure.
Two great conclusions have been reached.
We have found that the hitherto governing pop-
ulations of those States could not be trusted to
uphold the national Government. Nay, more,
that they have sought, through unparalleled
