3926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
collector to receive national bank notes in dis-
charge of the national taxes, but did not allow
him to pay that kind of currcuey over to the
sub-Treasury. The law requires, as he tells
us, the sub-Treasurer to receive, or justifies him
in receiving, nothing but gold and silver and
the greenbacks. Whose fault is that? If it is
anybody's, it is our own. If the Committee
on Finance desire to change that, they can
very easily submit us an amendment to that
effect. If they see what is the sentiment of
the Senate on this subject, they can have this
bill recommitted to them, and bring it back to
us with a provision of that description. But
if the sub-Treasury and the Treasury of the
United States are to be administered in the
interests of banks, of course such a provision
as that will be permitted to remain upon the
statute-book, and that will always furnish an
admirable argument for never authorizing de-
posits of any other description and anywhere
else except in the vaults of these pet banks.
Mr. President, I have confidence in the bank-
ing capacity of the Secretary of the Treasury ;
but he cannot foresee, in my opinion, the evils
that are likely to result, and that will most
inevitably result, in my opinion, whenever ho
succeeds in what he says he is attempting to
do, to curtail the currency of the country and
bring us back to specie payments. Then will
come the time when these deposit banks will
not lie able to respond to the demands that will
be made upon them; and I am disposed to have
the record appear in such a shape that I shall
not be put in the category of those who voted
in favor of allowing the public treasure to re-
main in their hands.
Mi;. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the
banking system is one that we have deliber-
ately adopted. It'we propose to repeal it, now
that it is in full operation, that is one thing.
If we propose to let it stand awhile longer,
that is another thing. A part of the contract
that we have made with all these institutions is
that their notes shall be receivable for ail pub-
lic dues except customs. It is so printed on
the back of the notes; and it was a part of the
argument in favor of that banking system that
it would furnish a currency which might, lie so
receivable and relieve the community with re-
gard to the collection of taxes. The two sys-
tems are connected together; and authority
was given at the same time, and must neces-
sarily be given, unless you change your sub-
Treasury law, if that system went into oper-
ation, that those banks might become deposit,
banks. Now, sir, there are deposit banks
all over the country. The honorable Senator
from Iowa does not propose to change the law,
because lie cannot do it, with regard to the
banks in his own State or my State or in most
of the places over the country; but with regard
to a few cities where there are sub-Treasuries,
he says you must change the law because there
is a sub-Treasury there. I am inclined to think
it has some reference rather to the concentra-
tion of capital than anything else.
Now, sir, the question is perfectly simple;
it is one that everybody can understand. The
banking law stands at present. We have neither
the time nor ability at this session to abolish
the system or to change it substantially. These
bills that are paid out must be receivable for
all public dues except customs, and they so
receivable ; what is the result? Take the"city
of New York, for instance, the great point to
which the Senator alludes; and what must a
collector do? The people come to him and
pay their taxas in these bank notes. He must
take them. The law requires him to take them.
He cannot deposit them in the sub-Treasury,
because the sub-Treasury is not authorized to
receive them. It can receive nothing but law-
ful money, and that is coin and United States
notes. What is the result? Every collector
becomes a broker, or must employ a broker to
change his money for him; and one result, I
fear, in the scarcity of these United States
notes, comparatively, scattered as they are all
over the country, is that it will make them at
a premium and these officers will have to buy
them in order to deposit them. That will be
the result. You see it is attended with great
inconvenience. You compel the collector every
day to receive money which he cannot deposit,
and to become an exchanger of money in order
to get something he can deposit.
Mr, GRIMES. Will the Senator be kind
enough to answer me one question?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly, if I can.
Mr. GRIMES. Why is it that we authorize
and direct the collector to receive national
"bank notes, and yet refuse to receive them
from him at the sub-Treasury?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because the original
sub-Treasury law has not been changed.
Mr. GRIMES. Why has it never been
changed?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because the genius
and industry of the Senator never led him
to propose it.
Mr. GRIMES. Or let me ask the Senator
if it is not because we are administering the
Government in the interest of banks, on the
other hand, so as to prevent that kind of cur-
rency being paid over into the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is a sen-
sible man, and a fair man ordinarily, but ho is
very apt to appeal to little prejudices some-
times to carry a point; and this is one of them.
Talk about administering the Government in the
interest of banks! Who wants to do it ? Do you
suppose I want to do it? Nobody wants to doit.
We administer the Government in the interests
of the people of the United States, and desire
to do it; but we have established a system,
and that system has gone along here until we
are in the very last days of the session. That
is the amount of it. Now, if the Senator does
not like it let him introduce a bill and see if
it will pass, that the sub-Treasury shall receive
anything and everything, and then this will be
consistent; but as it is it cannot be done, unless
you change the law entirely. If it is wise to
repeal the law organizing these banks, that is
one thing. If it is wise to say that we will
break our contract and that the notes they put
out, which declare on their backs that they are
receivable for all public dues except customs,
shall not be so received, that is another thing.
If it is wise to say that the sub-Treasury, which
is an entirely different system, shall receive
everything that is offered in the shape of cur-
rency, that is another thing. But we are not
in a condition to do that at this period of the
session. Then the simple proposition is to
compel a collector to tatce a certain kind of
money, which he must take, and which makes
the largest amount ofthe circulation now, and
say he shall not deposit that money, but at his
own risk and hazard he shall every night get
something that he can deposit. 1 hold that
that is not reasonable. It will make very great
inconvenience and trouble in the large cities.
If we are going to change the matter at all it
should bo radical, and not a mere step in ad-
vance which will increase the difficulty.
I will add that although there is always dan-
ger, you cannot devise a system that is not
dangerous with regard to banks. There will
be these failures and these difficulties probably
in any system that may be devised. Up to this
period there has been much less of difficulty in
this system than I anticipated, because it never
was a favorite system of mine. I hate to say
"when I was in Amsterdam" or anywhere
else ; but when I was Secretary of the Treas-
ury I saw to it that these large balances were
drawn down just as fast as they accumulated,
and gave positive orders to that effect, which
were carried into execution with very consid-
erable rapidity, much more so than could bo
used now, because there was more occasion
for the use of money. I have no doubt, the
present Secretary of the Treasury follows the
same rule, and the present Treasurer of the
United States, who operates that, is a very
careful, prudent man, and I have no doubt
that he does it in the same way.
Mr. HENDERSON. I voted in favor of
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa be-
fore ; but I shall be compelled now, upon the
discussion of the matter to vote against it; and
in doing so, I vote against my very best convic-
tions, and simply in consequence of the pre-
vious legislation, which cannot now be altered.
Mr. GRIMES. Why not?
Mr. HENDERSON. Because we have not
the time to do it. The amendment of the Sen-
ator is correct, provided it were supported by
legislation. There can be no question of that.
The difficulty is in having two qualities of United
States paper to be thrown into the sub-Treas-
ury. 1 do not say that I would make this pa-
per receivable into the sub-Treasuries, but it
certainly is a just and correct proposition in
itself, that no public money shall be deposited in
banks whenyou are within range of a sub-Treas-
ury ; because long experience, in fact the en-
tire experience of the Government, has demon-
strated that whenever we resort to banks to
make our deposits, we lose money. The de-
posits of this Government are now again becom-
ing very large. They are becoming as they
were in 1836.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill will reduce them
Mr. HENDERSON. I am told by the Sen
ator from Ohio that this bill will reduce them,
I am gratified to hear it. I have not been able
to give the attention to this bill that I desired
to do ; but, sir, anything ought to be resorted
to that is honest and just and fair to reduce
these immense deposits now in the banks of
the country. If they be continued I am very
well satisfied as to what will be the result.
You had an illustratiou of it in Washington
city a short time ago; and you will find that
the bank that exploded in this city is not the
only one that will explode. You will find that
the Government will lose money, as it did in
1836, and then, as in 1837, when the Govern-
ment has lost immense sums of money, we
shall go back by a revulsion, as it were, and
adopt the sub-Treasury system and require that
Government money shall be collected either
in coin or in Treasury notes and deposited
only in the sub-Treasuries. I believe that the
day is fast coming when we shall have to adopt
that system again. I have ever been in favor
of the sub-Treasury system, and I am opposed
to making deposits of the public money in the
banks of the country. I do not know why it
is that these very large deposits have been
made. I have not given sufficient attention to
the subject to know why the Secretary of the
Treasury has been unable to use these large
deposits in the payment or reduction of the
public debt. I cannot tell why we have from
fifty to one hundred millions in the banks of
the country when we owe some three thousand
millions, and a part of it is constantly matur-
ing on our hands. I merely throw out these
things to show why I shall be constrained, as
it were, to cast the vote that I shall give.
Mr. DAVIS. I voted for the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Iowa in the first
instance, and I shall vote for it again, because
1 believe it to be right. 1 think one of the
greatest evils of the day is a redundant, spuri-
ous currency; and I think one of the greatest
desiderata of the people is to have a reduction
of this currency, that it may appreciate by the
reduction and under the influence and opera-
tion of the reduction. The Senator from Iowa
has told us, as we remember from the report, of
the deposits, that there are some forty or fifty
millions of the public money deposited in these
national banks, and they form the basis of an
expansion of the currency of those national
banks proportionably. Any measure that will
cut off the deposits of the Government in the
banks from being the basis of an increased
circulation I will vote for; and I believe the
effect, or one of the effects, of the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa would be to prevent
these deposits from being the basis of circula-
tion issued by those banks.
But it is objected that the collectors are to
receive a currency, to wit, the notes of the
national banks, which they cannot, deposit
with the sub-Treasury. That might be reme-
died in two lines. If gentlemen desire that
the sub-Treasuries shall be compelled to receive
