1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2967
sacrifices, to overthrow it. For some reasons,
through some causes, operating universally,
and through long periods of time, the people
have been rendered unfit to wisely govern them-
selves, much less to participate in the govern-
ment of others. They strove to drag down the
. entire temple of our liberties; they have suc-
ceeded at least in burying their own prosperity
in ruins.
The responsibility for all this has been prop-
erly charged to slavery.
Slavery has been swept away, but the igno-
rance, the degradation, which were its conse-
quences remain, not to die during this gener-
ation, not to die during many generations,
unless we now do our whole duty as legislators.
Another great fact presents itself: four
million human beings Jiave been lifted from
a condition as low as that of the brute to man-
hood. We have declared them entitled to the
right to work out every attribute of goodness
or grace or greatness which God has given
them. We have taken the shackles from oif
the limbs of nature and bidden her follow out
her own instincts to her own perfect destiny,
undeterred by any artificial obstructions of
ours. Proclaiming nothing, promising noth-
ing, we have thrown open all doors to the
black man and cried God speed to him as he
moves forward into the future.
What pressing necessity results from these
two great facts? Education.
Education for the white man of the South,
that he may so wisely and liberally judge as
to love the great nation which lifts him up,
and the flag which is the symbol of the noblest
and broadest liberality in all this world. Edu-
cation for the black man, that the new powers
conferred upon him may not be merely brute
forces reacting against himself, but may be
wisely directed to his own advantage and the
glory of his country. Education for the coun-
try itself, that the entire population may rise
to the level and above the level of the most
favored localities; and that as we are the
freest, the bravest, and the most energetic, so
also we may become the most enlightened
people upon the face of the earth ; the foremost
instruments in whatever good God may yet
design to work out upon the globe.
Is it not a shame, Mr. Speaker, that this
nation, which rests solely and alone upon the
intelligence of the citizen, and without which it
could not exist for an hour, should thus far
have done literally nothing either to recognize
or enforce education? As John Adams said,
"The despotisms have stolen a march upon
this Republic in the liberal patronage of that
education upon which a republic is based."
Prance, Prussia, Austria, and Russia have
made education an affair of the State and have
esteemed it as of the highest consequence.
In Prussia the Minister of Public Instruction
ranks next to the King- In France the office
of Superintendent of Public Instruction has
been dignified by such illustrious names as
Cousin and Guizot. But the United States,
whose theory of government is that if the peo-
ple are ignorant they are necessarily unwise,
if they are unwise they are necessarily misgov-
erned, and if they are misgoverned every in-
terest dear to the citizen is necessarily put in
jeopardy—the United States, I say, whose very
corner-stone is the enlightened judgment of
each individual citizen, has allowed despotisms
to build up mighty systems in behalf of educa-
tion, while in this, its capital, not a Department,
not a bureau, not even a clerkship is to ba found
representing that grandest of all interests.
We will be told that we have left all that
to the States. Yes; and we have had the
rebellion as a consequence. The attempt to
invert the pyramid and build a great, wise na-
tion upon an ignorant, bigoted, and brutalized
population has cost half a million lives and
$4,000,000,000 of debt. And it will cost us
still more. We cannot make bricks without
straw. We cannot build a republic without
intelligence.
But we are told that the man who cannot
read and write is not necessarily lacking in
intelligence. No ; not if he is immersed ill
the midst of an intelligent and educated popu-
lation. He may grow
"To what he worlis in, like the dyer's hand."
He may borrow enough of the results of edu-
cation from those around him to compensate
for his own deficiencies. But place him in an
equally ignorant population and his superiority
will be simply that of the chief among savages.
Civilization is nothing more than education.
We excel the past because we have swept a
wider field of observation ; we possess the ac-
cumulations of a greater number of generations
of workers; we are ourselves happier, wiser,
better because we know more.
When any man rises up and defends igno-
rance, he does it in a language every word and
syllable of which is a testimony to the untiring
industry and the constantly increasing cultiva-
tion of his predecessors. He cannot utter a
word in favor of ignorance and its barbarisms
without touching upon words drawn from the
cultivated inhabitants of Home or Athens, or
those later races who fought their way up from
ignorance and wretchedness to learning an'd
greatness. Out of his own mouth is he con-
demned. Nay, more, his logic Hies back upon
him like the weapon of the Australian; for if
ignorance is desirable in the constituent, it must
be equally so in the representative, and he who
has the learning wherewith to defend ignorance
should give place to him who hath most of that
ignorance which he eulogizes.
Two widely different policies found their
fountains two hundred years ago upon the
Atlantic coast, and their waters have swept,"
forward across the continent upon parallel
lines. The results are before the world.
Tn 1642, Massachusetts proclaimed the first
of these policies in these words:
"It is the duty of the municipal authorities to see
that every child within their respective jurisdictions
should be educated."
The other policy was proclaimed in Virginia,
when in 1071 Sir William Berkeley, Governor,
thanked God that—
"There are here no free schools or printing; and
I hope wo shall not have tliein these hundred years.
God keep us from both."
And so these policies set forth upon their
pilgrimages toward the setting sun, carrying
with them the destinies of millions of human
beings. In the track of the first were found
intelligence, enterprise, invention, industry,
prosperity, liberty, and justice. In the wake
of the other a thousand hideous things lifted up
their heads—ignorance, sloth, poverty, oppres-
sion, cruelty, slavery, and last of all, anarchy—
" Which from its horrid hair
Shook pestilence and war."
And all these things were as iuevitably con-
tained in those two parent seeds, education
and ignorance, as are the branches of the oak
contained in the acorn.
Why, bir, so exactly, in the order of God s
providence, does like produce like, that tlio
words of Governor Berkeley, in lt371, were re-
peated almost literally in the words of Governor
Wise one hundred and fifty years later, when he
"thanked God that there was _not a single
newspaper published in his district."
Compare these two pictures. They are typical
The first is an extract from a speech of llenry
Ward Beecher, made in 1805, descriptive of
northern society. He says :
"We find the villages touching each other, and the
roads are lined with noble houses and orchards and
gardens, and trees and fields innumerable covering
the free, broad expanse of this happy Onristian land,
because they have acknowledged the common man,
educated the common man, and sanctified hit, work."
The second picture is from the pen of Judge
Underwood, in his address to the grand jury
of Norfolk on the 8th of May, 1800. lie says:
"Those at the North who as ail us seem to forget
our peculiar circumstances. That, education, which
is almost universal with them, ishereconfined wit inn
very narrow limits, and the masses of the people who
cannot read are necessarily dependent on the edu-
cated few for their opinions and conduct." * * . *
" To convince the most skeptical let us look at the his-
tory and condition of the iir<t congressional disfriclm
tb .s State. That d'.'ti *i-t < ontaiiii more than four times
the teintory of the ricu, prosperous, enlightened,
happy, liberty-loving State of Rhode Island, it was
once the seat of learning and of boasted Virginia
hospitality, the birth-place of four Presidents of the
United States, and cmbiacing the site ot the first
Engrlish settlement in America, the city of James-
town, which, now more fallen than Tyre or Sidon or
Sodom and Gomorrah, has not enough of ruins left
for even the bats to flic or owls to hoot hi. lu the
nineteen counties of that district there is not now,
as its Representative in Congress thirty years ago
boasted, a single newspaper published, and so long
has the schoolmaster been abroad that probably more
than three fourths of its native grown wen and women
can neither read nor write."
Let us reduce these descriptions to the test
of actual figures. In 1850, according to the
facts set forth in the United States census of
that year, the amounts expended in the sup-
port of public schools in the three political
divisions of our country were as follows:
In the rebel States....  S>5ifi,037
In the border slave States  2^1,763
In the free States  5,S)96,SU7
Total S0.826.C37
Or, to speak of these results in round num-
bers, the entire slaveholding population ex-
pended about three fourths of a million of
dollars, while the free States expended nearly
six millions. Eleven States lately in rebel-
lion, containing several million people, ex-
pended about half a million dollars, or about
fifty thousand dollars each in the education of
the populace!
In some remarks which I had the honor to
make to the House in the early part of the
session I showed that according to the census
of 1800 the total number of persons in the
United States over twenty years of age unable
to read and write, and who were born in the
country, and excluding the slaves, was 834,106;
and of these 545,177 were found in the south-
ern States, containing one third of the popu-
lation, and but 288,023 in the northern States,
containing two thirds of the population.
If the same ratio prevailed that is found in
New England there would be less than thirty-
four thousand illiterate persons in the southern
States ; as it is the number is over half a mil-
lion !
Nothing, it seems to me, would more clearly
demonstrate how faithfully the upas free, which
was planted upon the shore of Virginia by Gov-
ernor Berkeley has extended its blighting and
deadly influence, than these figures.
Can we doubt for one instant the great and
pressing necessity for the General Government
to interest itself in this question of education?
As wo have found ignorance and rebellion
everywhere associated together as parent and
child, must we not destroy ignorance if we
would have the nation live?
If so, what less can we do than pass the bill
now before the House?
Do we not need such a department?
Mr. Speaker, we mock and jeer at poor
Mexico. Our contempt for her anarchical and
revolution-scourged people chills even that
sympathy to which she is entitled by her mis-
fortunes and her sufferings. To what are we
to attribute her condition? The answer is
plain.
" Ithas been liberally estimated,'' saysBrantz
Mayer, in his work upon Mexico, '"that of the
Indians and negroes not more than two per
cent, can read and write, and of all others not
more than twenty per cent." "If we take this
computation to be correct,'' continues Jir.
Mayer, "as I believe it is, we shall have:
Of Indians and negroes who can read and
write .........         ou,l_u
"Whiles and othcis..... .607,628
Tot:il able to read and write outof a popula- %
tion ot seven millions .'....087,i-ib
"If we suppose," says JMr. Mayer,' that out of the
one million whites live hundred thousand, or one
half on!v, are males, and that ot that halt million *
but twenty per cent., or one hundred thousand, can
read or write, we will no longer be surprised that a
population of more than seven millions have hitherto
been contiolied by a mere handful of men, or that
the selfish natures of the superior classes who wield
the physical and intellectual forces of the nation
have forced the maizes. to become but little more than
blind instruments of their will."
We pity Mexico. From our higher position of
pcace and security we can afford to look down
