3928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
receive anything in payment for telegraphing
from Oregon to Washington except gold. I
know that this is an exorbitant charge. It
has been represented that the company did
not charge more than they were allowed to
charge by the charter from the western bound-
ary of Kansas to the Pacific ocean, but that
the additional changes were made for the tele-
graph line between Washington and the west-
ern boundary of Kansas ; but I have since
heard on that point, upon which I do not pro-
fess to have any knowledge, that this company
is consolidated with these other companies,
and that in point of fact all these exorbitant
charges go to this identical company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line seventeen, after the word "hundred" to
insert the words " and fiftyso that the clause
will read:
For expenses in detecting and bringing to trial and
punishment persons engaged 111 counterfeiting Treas-
ury notes, bonds, and other securities of the United
States, as well as the coins of the United States,
$150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line sixteen, after the word ''extension," to
insert "grading and fencing the grounds, £c.;"
so that the clause will read:
For completion of north wing of Treasury exten-
sion, grading and fencing grounds, &e., 8300,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend that
amendment by striking out "&c.," and by
inserting the word "and" before "grading."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in section one,
after line fifty-seven, to insert the following
clause:
For the preparation, printing, and publishing, at
the Government Printing Ofiicc, of tlie report of the
mcilie.il statistics in the Bureau of the Provost Mar-
slial (iener.il, to bo expended under the direction of
Suigoon J. II. Uaxtei, $60,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out after the word
"general" the words "to be expended" and
inserting " to be prepared." The amendment
of the committee takes the whole superintend-
ence of the business of the office, so far as this
work is concerned, away from the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing, to whom it be-
longs, and gives it to this surgeon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ We have the precise
language of the preceding clause.
Mr. ANTHONY. No; the preceding clause
does not use the words, "to be expended under
the direction," but "under the direction of the
Surgeon General;" but I shall move, when the
proper time comes, to alter that clause.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know tha£ I
have any objection to the Senator's amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY. There has been a great
deal of difficulty from various officers who are
intrusted with making reports interfering in the
way in which they shall be published, as unin-
structed men naturally make them of much
more expense to the Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who will settle the
question as to the style of it?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Superintendent of
Public Printing is the man to settle that ques-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As to the style of the
report?
Mr. ANTHONY. Of course he would do it
on consultation with the proper officer, but he
is the only one who knows the way in which it
should bo done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not object to the
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. There isone other amend-
ment that I will suggest to the Senator from
Maine. The expenditure in the preceding clause
of $00,000, and I suppose it is the same with
regard to this amendment, is for the whole cost
of the work.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This last is.
Mr. ANTHONY. And so is the first. As
the clause was originally reported to the House
of Representatives, the words "at the Gov-
ernment Printing Office " were not in, and the
idea was to have this work printed in Phila-
delphia or outside somewhere; but the House
very properly directed it to be done at the
Government Printing Office, but did not alter
the amount. I do not know that there will be
any harm in voting that amount, but it will
not require anything like that. The appropri-
ation for the Printing Office comes under the
generalappropriation,anditrequires no special
appropriation except for the work which the
Surgeon General will have to do, which, I sup-
pose, a few thousand dollars will cover.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then that same reason
would apply to the second clause appropria-
ting §60,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should suppose that
$10,000 would be enough there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We supposed this
would cover the two.
Mr. ANTHONY. This covers the entire
printing, in fact, of the Surgeon General's
report. There is a typographical error in the
clause. It speaks of the "first volumes of the
Medical and Surgical History; " it should be
the "first volume." The cost of the first vol-
ume we estimated at $50,000 when .the resolu-
tion was before the Committee on Printing;
but it is now made $00,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will
make the amendment he proposed to the
second elausc, we can look at the other after-
ward.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I move to strike
out, in lines sixty and sixty-one of the amend-
ment, the words " to be expended " and to in-
sert "the report to be prepared;" so that it
will read:
For the preparation, printing, nnrl publishing, at
the Government Printing Office, of the report of
the medical statistics in the Bureau of the Provost
Marehal General, the report to be prepared under
the direction of Surgeon J. II. Baxter, $60,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I should like to have some
explanation of this provision. It seems to me
rather extraordinary. We have here, in the
first place, a provision for expending $60,000
for the publication of a medical and surgical
history of the rebellion by the Surgeon General.
That 1 can understand very well. The pro-
priety of it I can understand, very well. Now,
we have got a sort of counter-provision for ex-
pending an equal amount of money for pub-
lishing medical statistics, which I should, think
come under the same head, by a Surgeon Bax-
ter, of whom I never heard—an entirely differ-
ent affair, it seems. Now, is it important that
we should have these two medical works? I
merely ask for information. The proposition
seems to me to be a novel one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The second will un-
doubtedly be a very valuable work, as valuable
as the first. They are not of the same char-
acter. _ The one consists of surgical operations
and discoveries which have been made, which
are considered of very great interest in the
profession ; the other is a collection of statis-
tics of the health, age, height of the men, and
everything kept in the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral's office from the beginning of the war, and
is said by competent authority to be of very
great value and interest. This surgeon, Mr.
Baxter, has been the person who has been
engaged in preparing it, and who has had the
care and charge of it, and I suppose that he
looks upon it as a matter of honor that he
should be allowed to finish the work. He is a
young man of ability, and a young man of
great zeal, and has done this work himself in
the office of the Provost Marshal General,
where alone it ought to be done. He has been
employed there for years in the preparation of
this work, and has brought it almost to a state
of completion.
Mr. HARRIS. Who has recommended it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was recommended
by several gentlemen who were acquainted with
him and knew the facts about the work. The
result is, as I understand, that if this is not
done, the same amount will be expended for
doing it in another direction, and it was deemed
to be but just to Surgeon Baxter that he should
continue to have the supervision of the work
until it was completed. That is the only ques-
tion about it. The only question is, whether
after having given the labor of three years,
constant, unremitted, and able, to this work,
it shall be taken from him and put into the
hands of somebody else just at the time when
it is brought to a conclusion.
Mr. HARRIS. I will inquire whether this
has the approbation of the Surgeon General.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir, I think not;
because the Surgeon General would like to take
it into his own hands, and it was not deemed
just or right that he should take it.
Mr. HARRIS. Has it the approbation of
the Provost Marshal General?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that it
has, and also of a number of gentlemen who
understand the whole question well. It was
brought to the attention of the committee, and
they were unanimous in thinking it ought to b^
done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I happen to have some
personal knowledge respecting this matter, and
as the Senator from New York is desirous to
know who Surgeon J. II. Baxter is, I will in-
form him that he is a Yermonter, if that is any
objection to him. This young man is a surgeon
of the highest reputation and ability in his pro-
fession. He came to this war as a surgeon,
and from the beginning was attached to the
Provost Marshal General's office, where he has
labored, as the Senator from Maine has said,
with the most distinguished ability and faithful-
ness, performing the duties relating to it, from
the beginning to the end, as well as attending
the hospitals here ; and under the direction of
the Provost Marshal General he has accumu-
lated these statistics, by work night and day,
in season and out of season, until he has sys-
tematized and put in the form of tables and
statistics the physical history, for it amounts to
that, of the whole recruiting service of the
United States. Every man that was rejected
or admitted in all the recruiting stations of the
whole Union appears in his statements and
tables ; that is, the results of his physical ex-
amination, making, when it is finished, as it is
almost finished, by far the most complete and
elaborate and perfect work of the description,
showing the physical strength and power of
this nation, thateverwaspublished or ever was
got together in any nation of the world. Now,
having almost accomplished this most valuable
labor, it is proposed by some party or other to
deprive him of the honor of it by closing his
office and turning it over to the Surgeon Gen-
eral, under whose broad phylacteries it goes,
into the general account of the great deeds of
the Surgeon General. I do not wish to detract
from the Surgeon General. I do not know
that ho is personally aware of this perform-
ance.
As the Senator from Maine has said, this
does not increase the expenditures. No money
is to be expended for the benefit of Surgeon
Baxter. He does not ask it; but he does ask,
and his friends have a right to ask, and it is.
only just, that the honor which attaches to his
labors shall belong to him, and not to the Sur-
geon General. The money must be expended,
as it ought to be, for the public good ; and the
simple question is, as the Senator from Maine
has said, whether Surgeon Baxter shall have
the superintendence of completing these sta-
tistics, rather than be deprived of it after he has
performed the labor? That is all there is in
the question.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is very plain, I think,
that these two publications are in some degree
rival publications.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; they are of a dif-
ferent character entirely.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 know that the idea of
the Surgeon General was to print five volumes.
This bill provides for the first volume, and one
