1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2009
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 18, 1866.
Praver by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gkay.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Commissioner of
Agriculture, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 13th instant,
information inrelation to the rinderpest or cattle
plague; which was referred to the Committee
on Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
lie also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
in obedience to law, copies of the accounts of
Superintendent Sells and Agents _ Snow and
Dunn, of the southern Indian superintendency,
for the fourth quarter of 1865, with a copy of
the report of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs on the subject; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HOWARD. I present the petition of
Mrs. Abby Green, formerly of Richmond, Vir-
ginia, praying for the passage of a bill for her
relief on account ofservices rendered and losses
incurred in behalf of the Union cause at Rich-
mond, Virginia, from August, 1863, to Feb-
ruary, 1864. I beg to state in regard to this
petitioner that she assisted Mrs. Quarles very
materially in rescuing Colonel Streight and his
party from imprisonment at Richmond. I ask
that it may be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
It was so referred.
Mr. WADE. I present the memorial of Sue
Murphy, and various documents in proof of
her claim, setting forth that she was the owner
of a house near Chattanooga which was ordered
to be taken down for the purpose of erecting
fortifications upon the spot where it was built.
The memorial is strongly recommended by
many officers, and among them those who
ordered it destroyed. She claims to have been
a loyal person. I move that the memorial and
accompanying documents be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON presented additional
papers in relation to the claim of William C.
Anderson; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. KJRKWOOD presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, praying for the enactment of
such just and equal laws for the regulation of
inter-State insurances of all kinds, as may be
effectual in establishing the greatest security
for the interests protected by policies, ami pro-
motive of (he greatest good and convenience
to all concerned in such transactions; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
officers of the United States Army, praying
for an increase of their pay; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
kepouts op committees.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a joint res-
olution (II. R. No. 46) for the relief of Martha
MeCook, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (II. R. No. 463) for the re-
lief of James Foster, reported it adversely, and
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration : which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following^tills, reported them
severally without amendment;
A bill (H. R. No. 4G4) for the relief of John
Gordon;
A bill (H. R. No. 460) granting a pension to
Spencer Kellogg: and
A bill (II. R. No. 371) to grant a pension to
Leonard St. Clair.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on
the" Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred a
memorial of citizens of Iowa, remonstrating
against any diversion of the funds, and against
any legislation that would be injurious to the
extension of the Dubuque and Sioux City rail-
road, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands; which was
agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 197) to provide for the better organ-
ization of the pay department of the Navy,
reported it with an amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RIDDLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
271) to authorize a special tax for the purpose
of improving the Washington city canal; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 272)
to authorize the corporation of Washington to
reduce the width and improve the avenues and
streets of that city ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MeDOUGALL asked, and by unani-
mous consent, obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 273) to authorize the President to
convey to William P. Rogers and his associates
the island of Yerba Bucna, or Goat Island, in
the harbor of San Francisco; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. McDOCGALL. I desire simply to ob-
serve that when this bill was first placcd in my
hands 1 had great doubts of its propriety, but
after looking at. it carefully and being better
informed, I think it is a bill to the profit of the
Government. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
iiickey's constitution.
Mi-. JOHNSON submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Retained, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire into theexpcdiency of purchai-
ing for the use of the Senate copies of Ilicl-cy's
edition of the Constitution: Provided, That the com-
pilation be brought down to the present time on the
same plan.
army brevet appointments.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to :
Rciolved, That the President of the United States
bo requested to communicate to the Semite, if nol
incompatible with tho public interests the proceed- \
mgs of the military boaid reeontly convened in St. !
Louis, Missouri, in relation to brevet appointments i
in the regular Army. j
negotiation of indian treaties.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By direction of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs a joint resolution, mak-
ing an appropriation to enable the President
to negotiate treaties with certain Indian tribes,
was introduced by me yesterday and laid upon
the table, and I stated that I should move to
take it up this morning. It is very important
that we should have immediate action on the
subject, and I now move that that resolution
be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 69)
making an appropriation to enable the Presi-
dent to negotiate treaties with certain Indian
tribes. It proposes to appropriate $121,785 77,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, to
enable the President to negotiate treaties with
the Indian tribes of tho upper Missouri and
Platte rivers, to be expended by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, it is well
known that hostilities have been going on
between the United States and the bands of
Sioux Indians and the other Indians apon the
upper Missouri and the upper Platte for
several years at a very great expense, but
that last fall the military authorities, under
instructions both from the War Department
and the Interior Department, entered into
arrangements to bring about peace between
the United States and those various bands.
With several of these bands of Sioux treaties
have already been made and peace has been"
effected. The WarDepartmenf, or those having
charge of our miliary operations, it seems,
have invited the Indians of several other bands
to meet at several of tho forts of the Uni-
ted States with a view to negotiate treaties of
peace and amity with those bands, and tho
Secretary of War called upon General Curtis
to make estimates of what would be neecssnry
in the negotiation of those treaties, as the Indi-
ans are brought together generally in bands
and brought together almost entire ; and the
Government of the United States, while they
are together and during the pendency of the
negotiation, is compelled to'furnish supplies
to feed the Indians and to make some presents
to them. The War Department called upon
General Curtis to make an estimate, and he
made an estimate to the Secretary of War. and
it seems that at the time the Secretary of War,
supposing that they had sufficient rations and
supplies to attend to this matter, so informed
General Curtis. I road from his letter :
"The Secretary of War informed me that the arti-
clesneccssary to make up these supplies at the vari-
ous points would be sent forward immediately."
It seems that on a communication fro.m Gen-
eral Pope to General Grant and to the War
Department that the War Department, has not
these supplies to furnish. The Indians are
invited to assemble and tho time is fixed, but
the military authorities are without the supplies
nccessary to feed ihem during the pendency of
the negotiations, and the matter is now thrown
oil the Interior Department, and the Interior
Department have asked a spccial appropriation
from Congress to meet these expenditures,
sending forward the estimates by items of what
the expenditures must necessarily bo at each
of these forts where the Indians have boon
invited to assemble.
Mr. BROWN. Where are the forts?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Fort Sully, Fort Rice,
Fort Berthold, Fort Union, and Kort Laramie,
five different places. I have received a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to the Secretary of the Interior of the
12th instant, and I will read a portion of it to
the Senate:
"I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the Uith instant, inclosing copies of
coirespondoncc between your Department aim the
Secretary of "War in relation to too subsistence ot
Indians about to assemble in council at I'ort Lara;
mie and at various points on the upper JIisboiu-i
river, ond instructing me to make t^tmuitc^ or vrnat
supplies may be needed to provide lor the occasion,
adding transportation and subsistence lor tae com-
mi.^rioueif.. . ,
I have also to acknowledge the receipt Oi your let-
ter of tho 29th ultimo, inelosinsr a communication
irom Major General Pope, of March 16, with vouchors
for serv ccs rendered by Ribs' and party, s-'ent
a? messengers to tho hostile Indians; and by rcter-
ence from your Department ot another communica-
tion trorn Major General Pope, ot the 2i!it uiumo,
inclosing vouchers of presents jnauc to said big
Pvjbs,' the whole amounting to 11, which you
instruct mo to embrace in my estimate <>1 the required
appropiiation. In conformity with tbeseinstniel ions,
1 have prepared the dcsiied estimate, but wish tocali
your attention to the within copy of a letter trom
Major General S. R. Cmtis, addressed to this otnee,
and dated March 2, I860, in which he states that m
compliancc with instructions irom tho honorable
Secietary of War. he had made estimates andrcqui-
Wn.r T)«rmrfcment (or the neee^ary ia-
tion;
Said suusioiciiuv w i ui u uai ivmiv  r * -
treaty rendezvous in tho upper Missouri couinfry,
and that the Secretary oH\ar had informed him t at
'the articles' necessary to make up these supp,i?s
at the various uoints would be sent lorwaid lmmeai
'l"in view of the fact that the^ Indians reiforred to
were called together by the military
the early partoflast winter, while th,0^?n^S°n°cI
could not meet them until summer,\lh„Tertectiy1ust
by the War Department seemed to mo perl«W juso
