1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that anybody does unless it is the Senator from
Connecticut and those who think with him. He
is talking about keeping Tennessee out. I know
of no one who wishes to keep Tennessee out
of the Union after she is in condition to be
admitted into the Union; and we are now
taking steps to admit Tennessee.
_ I speak inaccurately when I speak of '1 admit-
ting Tennessee into the Union." The Senator
from Connecticut and the Senator from Nevada
have that idea in their heads, and put so many
questions about admitting States into the Union
that really they have got me to use that form of
expression when I do not want any law to admit
any of these States into the Union; but I do
want the action of both Houses of Congress
recognizing a government in South Carolina
and in Tennessee which is loyal to the country
and legitimately authorized to have representa-
tion here.
Idid not rise with the view of making a speech
but simply to press one point; and when I was
interrupted I was trying to show that somebody,
after the State' government was usurped and
overthrown, must decide when a new State gov-
ernment is set up which is authorized to be rep-
resented. Now, let me illustrate this in the
form of interrogation. I submit to the Senator
from Kentucky if the rebel Legislature of Ten-
nessee had any authority to send Senators to
this body ? I do not ask him to reply for I know
what he would say.
Mr. DIXON. You did not ask me the ques-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes I did.
Mr. DIXON. No; you asked the Senator
from Kentucky.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I meant the Senator
from Connecticut. He will pardon me if I mix
the Senator from Kentucky and the Senator
from Connecticut together. They have been
traveling the same road, and the mistake was a
natural one. [Laughter.] I beg his pardon.
The question which I propound is—I will not
ask the Senator to answer it, because I know
what his answer would be—had the disloyal
Legislature of Tennessee, in 18G2, which had
sworn allegiance to a so - called confederate
government which was in hostility to the United
States and was at war with the United States,
authority to send Senators to this body? Of
course he will say it had not. That being so,
before Senators can come to this body from
the State of Tennessee there must be an or-
ganization there with authority to send them.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable
Senator from Illinois allow me to answer his
question ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question I asked
the Senator from Connecticut?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes. sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, yes, I will allow the
Senator from Delaware to come in and answer
if lie will reply to the question and not make
tX S£)O0cll
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not wish to volun-
teer in any controversy between gentlemen on
the other side of the House ; but as I propose
to say a lew words on this subject before the
debate closes, and as I differ so widely from
anything that I have heard said upon this floor
upon either side of the question, I respond
directly without any equivocation to the Sena-
tor, yes. When armed resistance to Federal
authority was suppressed in the States which
had assumed to secede, and when, saying that
the}' are willing to resume their former rela-
tions to the Federal Government, they send
their Representatives to the other House and
their Senators here, and those Representatives
and Senators are willing to take the oath to
support the Constitution of the United States,
and 110 other oath, 1 respond affirmatively that
those States have a right to be represented by
the men so chosen : and that is the basis of the
argument which 1 shall presume to make before
this discussion is over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Del-
aware states a diilerent case from the one v Inch
I put. He says when peace has come ; I said
in 1802, when the Legislature of Tennessee was
disloyal; when it had sworn allegiance to a so-
called confederate government; and I asked
whether then, when it was fighting the United
States, it had a right to representation here;
and the Senator instead of answering the ques-
tion goes on to talk about a state of peace.
That was not the case I put. Now, I wish, to
put it to the Senator from Delaware, as 1 asked
it of the Senator from Connecticut, and no
dodging about another case 
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator frofli Del-
aware never dodges.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator interfered
to answer my question. Sir, it is a question
susceptible of an answer in monosyllable, and
I shall be happy to hear the Senator from Del-
aware.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Illinois
says " no dodging.'' Ho told me before that he
did not wish me to answer that question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say that to the
Senator from Connecticut. I was not address-
ing my remarks to the Senator from Connecti-
cut, but I am talking now to the Senator from
Delaware.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator said he put it to
the Senator from Deiaware and desired an an-
swer from him because he had received none
from the Senator from Conaecticut, and then
he said he wTished no dodging, intimating that
I had dodged his question. If the Senator had
not said that, he desired no answer from me I
should have replied to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say that I re-
ceived none from the Senator from Connecti-
cut.
Mr. DIXON. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. Probably he did not mean it, but he
said it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. I was not
addressing myself then to the Senator from
Connecticut. I had said to him before that I
did not ask him to answer because I knew what
his answer would be. The Senator from Del-
aware interposed and endeavored to give an
answer, but he stated another case. I said
to the Senator from Delaware, "No dodging
of my question by putting another case about
peace;'' but I said nothing about dodging to
the Senator from Connecticut, and I did not
mean the word in any offensive sense to the
Senator from Delaware. 1 only meant that I
wanted an answer to this question, which is
not one about a state of peace. When the
State of Tennessee as a State organization was
in armed rebellion against the Government of
the United Stales, when its Legislature by every
one of its members had sworn allegiance to a
so-called confederate government in hostility
to the United States, and was prosecuting this
war, I ask the Senator from Delaware if then
that Legislature was entitled to representation
in this body?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Delaware has no difficulty in answer-
ing a question of that character. Being an
individual who, during this war, has sat in this
Chamber and heard imputations, not direct
and personal upon him^elt bui upon those who
were associated with him, and remaining as
quiet as he could under the imputations, he
is now free to answer the question of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois ; and his answer is
emphatic and to the point. Never having be-
lieved in the doctrine of secession, never having
recognized the right of any State of this Union
to go out and to assume independent relations
with reference to this Government, he would
not at any moment during the war, when a
State, acting through its organic forms, would
hare sent a ""Representative to the other House
or to this, have admitted him, but he would
have said he ha.d no right here. But when the
heavenly angel of peace has appeared and there
is no further war, when peace is restored to a
bleeding and distracted country, and when the
southern States have assumed the position which
thev ought to have maintained from the begin-
ning, that of fealty and fidelity to the Federal
Government, when they acknowledge that they
entered into a bootless war and come back with
that humiliation upon their lips, and they send
men who now are what the gentleman calls
loyal—a term that I do not know the meaning
of as applied to republican government—when
they send theirrepresentatives and say, '' N ow,
we have appealed to the common arbiter, the
sword ; we have not succeeded in this contest,
and we wish to resume our relations with the
Federal Government," I hold to the doctrine
that you have no right to apply any test to those
representatives than that of present fidelity—
can they take the oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States? That is my posi-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator's vision may be clearer than that of some
of us, and we may not have been able to see
this angel of peace that has been flitting before
his eyes. But ■who is to determine when the
angel of peace has come? The Senator from
Delaware has seen the angel. [Laughter.] The
rest o,f.us may not have seen him. Will he
not let us wait until we see that friendly angel
coming, when we shall all rejoice to welcome
back representatives from all the States that
have been in rebellion? We all agree with
him as to what is to be done when that time
comes and when they are loyal to the country,
though the Senator from Delaware—and 1 will
pardon him for that—seems not to understand
the meaning of the word loyalty. Some of us
do. I am sorry that during this war he never
has been able to ascertain what loyalty was.-
Then, sir, I have it admitted by the Senator
from Delaware that while the war was raging,
and while the rebel Legislature was in session
in Tennessee, it had no right to representation
hero. That is an admitted fact now—admitted
even by the Senator from Delaware. I know
my friend from Connecticut admits it. That
being the condition of things, how are we to
get out of it? There was a time when there
was no State government, in Tennessee from
which vie could receive representation. Now,
it is said there is a State government in Ten-
nessee. Who says so? The President of the
United States. Who gave him authority to
decide that? The Constitution says that each
House shall be the judge of the elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members'.
What does that mean? It means that each
House is the judge of the qualifications, the
elections, and the returns of members from a
locality or a constituency or a body that has a
right to send members.
Mr. DIXON. Does not the Senate judge
whether they have the right?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate judges after
it is once established that there is a constituent
body. After you have got a congressional dis-
trict, the House of Representatives determines
whether a man is elccted from that district; but
the House of Representatives cannot fix the
district. For instance, the good old State of
Connecticut lias, I believe, four Representatives
in the other House. The House of Representa-
tives determines whether a man is elected from
one of those districts to the House of Repre-
sentatives; but it cannot determine, and has no
right to determine—there comes up the ques-
tion of physical power—that a man who has
got the most votes in two districts together is
elected. The House of Representatives cannot
fix the districts. Congress may fix the districts,
although it has left that matter to be regulated
by the States. It is in the power of Congress
under the Constitution to determine what shall
be a district in the State of Connecticut; but
the House of Representatives cannot determine
it, and why? Because no such power is vested
in the House of Representatives in determining
the elections, qualifications, and returns ot its
members. That is a very different thing Irom
determining the constituency that is to elect.
Mr. DIXON. Does the Senator claim that
the House has no jurisdiction of the question
whether a district lias taken its proper bound
a Mr." TRUMBULL. I do claim that the House
of Representatives has no power whatever to
fix what the boundaries of the district are, and
