1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
year to get it in running order. The officers
and clerks will cost some fifteen thousand dol-
lars ;t year. They are to go from one end of
the Union to another and to involve this Gov-
ernment in the expense of collecting informa-
tion.
Now, sir, I say when you refuse to give the
soldiers of this country their due, when you
are not willing in this House to meet as we
ought to have done the bounty bill and pay to
our soldiers the bounty without regard to what
they may have received from township, county,
or State, it is a poor time, in the present
deplorable condition of our finances, to inflict
upon the country a centralization of power and
influence at the capital of this Government, to
interfere with the domain of States with regard
t® education, and at an expense of $100,000 a
year.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. I wish to know whether
he has ever opposed an appropriation for the
purpose of collecting agricultural statistics,
and whether this idea of collecting informa-
tion in regard to education does not stand
somewhat on the same basis.
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir; it has no resem-
blance whatever. The object for which the
Agricultural Bureau was established is one
almost coeval with the formation of the Govern-
ment itself. It is a system established by our
fathers, and not a system of modern times at
all. It is one which is necessary in order to
hold complete and intimate connection with
foreign countries and get the necessary infor-
mation for the Federal Government. It is
necessary for the diffusion of knowledge of a
national character all over the country, and
has no analogy to this interference with the
simple rights of the States in regard to the
education of their own people.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would ask the gentle-
man, if we can show that we are able to com-
pete successfully with foreign countries in agri-
culture, why should we not show them that
we have a better system of education.
Mr. ROGERS. This bill does not propose
at all to educate, but simply to establish a
bureau for the purpose of keeping a set of men
at the capital—a Commissioner with a salary
of §5,000, a chief clerk with a salary of $2,000,
another with $1,800, another with $1,600, an-
other with $1,400, and another at $1,200;
and all this expense is to be borne by the Gov-
ernment, which is now weighed down by heavy
taxation. Sir, when gentlemen on the other
side stand up and talk about the finances of
the country being in such a deplorable con-
dition, when they are unwilling to vote to the
soldier who has defended the Government the
bounty to which he is justly entitled, they have
no right at such a time to come and ask us to
establish an institution of this character, one
never talked, thought, or dreamed of before at
any time in the history of the country. When
we reach such a state of finances that we can
establish such an educational institution then
it will be time enough to do it. But let us
first pay off the bond-holders who are holding
$3,500,000,000 exempt from taxation, or put
the bonds in such a shape that they may be
taxed. Let us clear ourselves of debt and
establish a financial system on a solid basis
before wo inflict upon this country another
bureau not quite so great in magnitude as the
Freedmen's Bureau, but one of the same kind
and character, according to the speech made
by the gentleman who preceded me, [Mr. Don-
nelly.]
The gentleman talks about educating the
people of the South, as though they were a
set of men who had no education, learning, or
intelligence. Sir, when ho defames them by
saying this he defames his country. I am here
to say that they have intelligence in the South,
and that the intelligent classes there are those
who are responsible for bringing this rebellion
upon the country, and not the uneducated
classes who were dragged into the movement.
It was such men as Yancey, Slidell, and those
that were at the head of affairs who drove the
people into rebellion, and not the deluded
masses.
Mr. GRINNELL. I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. ROGERS. I cannot be interrupted
now; I have but fifteen minutes.
Mr. GRINNELL. I only wanted to ask the
gentleman if he thinks that education promotes
disloyalty.
Mr. ROGERS. It does not. I submit to
gentlemen upon both sides of the House that
there is no reason or necessity for this bill at
all, because the education of the people will
be attended to, and it always has been attended
to. We have enough to do to pay our debts
and to keep the affairs of this nation in the
proper equilibrium. And when you under-
take to establish a bureau here for the purpose
of diffusing education you add just so much to
the expenses of the nation. The bond-holders,
the men who have an interest in the perpetu-
ity of the Union and in the payment of the
debt, the men who have large amounts of
money invested in Government funds, ought
to be paid everj' dollar. The main argument
made against the Pacific railroad bill, the argu-
ment which induced the House to vote against
the bill, for gentlemen upon both sides agreed
that it was a great enterprise, and would add
to the greatness and glory and grandeur of the
country, was that it added to the expense;
that it would lead to a depression of the
finances, and that the financial condition of the
country would not bear up under such a prop-
osition. That bill would not have cost the
Government a cent.
Now, here is a proposition which is a mere
scheme of philanthropy, got up for the purpose
of educating the children of the whole country,
and the result will be that in a short time this
bureau will need more clerks and expenses
for stationery, &c., and I will guaranty you
that in the very first year the expense of the
bureau will not fall short of $100,000; and it
will run on until it costs $500,000 a year. I
want you to remember that there are thirty-five
million people in this country, located from
Maine to Texas, and from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, and all of these people are to come
under the jurisdiction and control of this Edu-
cational Bureau. And where will it end ? It
will not stop until we run up a bill of expenses
that will materially injure the finances of the
Government.
Yes, sir; and here we have also the Freed-
men's Bureau; and it appears that this is but
a twin sister of it, according to the argument
made by the learned gentleman who preceded
me.
We hear talk here about educating the peo-
ple of the South. You had better first get the
people of the South back into the Union. Lei
us reunite the bonds which have been broken
asunder; lot us restore the Union before you
undertake to establish an Educational Bureau.
The gentleman from Minnesota seems all at
onee to be inspired by a very kindly feeling
toward the southern people; theignorantmasses
down there must be educated. IIow? This
is a proposition to interfere with their internal
domestic affairs with regard to the education
of their own children. The only effect of this
bill will be to create a prejudice in the South
by undertaking to regulate their educational
systems through the agency of officers in Wash-
ington. We are to have a centralized power
here to tell the people of the South and the
people of all the States of this Union what
their system of education shall be. I do .not
know how the people of New England will
like it. The people of New England have given
their children a very elegant education. They
vote millions and millions of dollars every year
for educational purposes in New England and
New York and Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
But this bill proposes that this bureau shall
collect statistics and give directions to the
people of New England and New York and
Pennsylvania and New Jersey, telling them in
what manner they shall educate their children.
Why, sir, there are to be' public buildings
put up here in Washington, and new bureaus
to be established here, and the head of this
bureau must hold a seat in the Cabinet of the
President of the United States; for it will not
do to have a great educational bureau here,'
One to diffuse so much knowledge, such a grand
scheme for concentrating the intelligence and
enlightenment of the whole world in the United
States, without making it a part of the execu-
tive government, of the country.
Now, as was said yesterday most appropri-
ately by the eloquent and learned gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Woootridge] in his speech
against the bill in relation to the pay of the
Army, to which I listened with the most intense
interest, because it was an able and eloquent
speech, we should stand by principles and
axioms which have been established for years
and years past; that oldprecepts and principles
should not be laid aside for the purpose of
establishing new and untried ones.
Now, the educational system of this country
will stand the test of comparison with the edu-
cational systems of the most favored countries.
And an honorable gentleman who stands up
before the Speaker of this House and under-
takes to make out that this country is groveling
in low ignorance does not understand this coun-
try ; for there are many men who have only
been educated in common schools, who have
never been in a college, unless-they went in at
one door and were kicked out at the other,
have shown themselves as much fitted for their
duties by their intelligence as men who come
out of these colleges with their sheep-skin rolls
and high-sounding degrees. It is a reflection
and a disgrace upon the men in our Army, who
were not so well educated as the gentleman
would like, but whose brawny arms drove back
the hordes of the rebellion. They have shown
by their acts that they were men of understand-
ing and judgment and discretion. And why
should we now undertake to interfere with the
education of their children, and compel them
to pay their share of the tax for that purpose i
It is a step toward taking away_ from them
rights to which they alone are entitled.
Sir, it is hardly necessary for me to stand
here and show what are the constitutional
objections to this bill. No man can find any-
where in the letter or spirit of the Constitu-
tion one word that will authorize the Congress
of the United States to establish an Educa-
tional Bureau. If Congress has the right to
establish an Educational Bureau here in this
city for the purpose of collecting statistics and
controlling the schools of the country, then, by
the same parity of reason, d fortiori, Congress
has the right to establish a bureau to supervise
the education of all the children that are to be
found in the thirty millions of the population
of this country. You will not stop at simply
establishing a bureau for the purpose of pay-
ing officers to collect and diffuse statistics in
reference to education. The head of the bureau
is to receive S5,000 a year. What is he to do for
that large salary, which is $2,000 more than a
member of Congress receives? He is to sit here
at his desk in Washington for the purpose of
collecting statistics, and the poor men of this
country are to pay him $5,000 for it. And
what is the necessity for such an officer? All
the States have a system of statistical accounts
of their educational systems. You cannot find
a State in the South or in any other part of the
country that does not keep a statistical account
of the operation of their schools.
And no one ever before thought of attempt-
ing to interfere with the action of the .States
in this respect. And I hope there are enough
of good men in this House to prevent the
passage of this bill. I think the House will
understand that this is not a political question;
it is a mere wild scheme of philanthropy,
though it may be dictated by an honest con-
viction. If we are to go for a system of charity,
giving away the public moneys of the country,
let us take hold of the matter most thoroughly,
and educate all the poor children of the coun-
try at the. expense of the Government.
Are the people of this country prepared for
