1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
I claim that Congress has complete power to
fix the boundaries of districts.
Mr. DIXON. I am not speaking of fixing
the district; lam speaking on the basis of the
existing law. A district is made by law, and
a man presents himself claiming to be a member
fl-oin that district; has the House of Represent-
atives, or has it not, jurisdiction of the question
whether the member is elected by that district
with its proper boundaries?
Mr. TRUMBUL. Undoubtedlytliatisthevery
tiling that the House of Representatives has juris-
diction of. When you have got a district to elect
from, then the House of Representatives has
jurisdiction to determine whetherthe member is
elected from thatdistrict; and when you have got
a State government in Tennessee to elect Sen-
ators, then the Senate is competent to determine
whether Senators come from that State govern-
ment. But the House of Representatives has
no power to determine what shall constitute a
district in Connecticut, and it would be usur-
pation if it attempted to do it. So it is a usur-
pation if the Senate attempts to determine what
the State government of '1 ennessee is.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me to explain a remark which I made awhile
ago?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Cannot the Senator wait
until I get through ?
Mr. SA U LSB URY. I shall take but a minute.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well, 1 will hear
the Senator.
Mr.' SAULSBURY. I shall not interrupt
the Senator further, but in my response to him
just now I made use of a remark which I do
not, wish to go out to the country unexplained.
I remarked that 1 did not know the meaning of
or the ollifie which the word "loyalty" per-
formed during the war. I know what loyally
means according to my own interpretation as a
citizen, as a member of the State, ltmeanssim-
ply, in my judgment, obedience to the law. I
recognize the word "loyalty,'' therefore, as a
citizen of a State, or a citizen of the United
States, as comprehending tins mils fullest im-
port, obedience to law. What I meant to say
was that 1 did not understand what the term
loyalty meant, as used by gentlemen on the
other side during this war. [ shall enter into
no further explanation now; I shall take occa-
sion in a lew days to explain what I meant by
that ; but 1 did not wish to be put upon the
record as saying that I did not know what the
word loyalty meant. According to my under-
standing it means obedience to law ; obedience
In Federal hiw williin the scope of the powers
of the Federal Constitution and the Federal
Government: obedience to State law within
the scope of Stale authority. I did not wish
to interrupt the Senator; 1 merely wished to
make, this explanation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am exceedingly glad
that the Senator from Delaware has made his
explanation. I have 110 comment to make
upon it. I onlyregret.that.it should have taken
me from the precise point which I was trying
to present, to the consideration of the Senate,
ami thai was the dilfei'cnco between determin-
ing «hat was au organization to elect members
and determining the question of the elections,
qualifications, and returns of members. 1 trust
1 have made that clear by the illustration in
regard to the eloetiou of members from sep-
arate districts. While, asl say, the House of
Representatives has a right to determine upon
the election, qualifications, and return of a
member from a district, it has no power to fix
the district, or to determine what the district
shall be, but Congress litis that power. When
I use the word '■ power' 1 mean rightful power;
I do not mean usurpation. When J am talking
of the exercise of powers in this body, I mean
rightful powers.
Mr. JLHXON. Thar, is what I mean.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. TheniftheSenatormeans
rightful power, I undertake to say to him that
the President of the United States has no right-
ful power to determine whether or not an
organization has been established in Tennessee
which is the legitimate State organization; I
mean to say that the Senate has no rightful
power to determine that; and I mean to say the
United States have rightful power to determine
that. "The United States shall guaranty to
every State in this Union a republican form of
government.*" The House of Representatives
cannot do it; the Senate cannot do it; the Presi-
dent cannot do it; but it requires all together;
they constitute the United Sates, and hence the
mode of proceeding which has been adopted.
Butwhen members present themselves here, the
Senator from Connecticut desires each House
to act separately. What would be the conse-
quence of that? Very possibly it would be that
one House would admit members from the State
of'South Carolina, and the other House exclude
them ; and then what would be the condition
of things? We have had that state of things
during this rebellion onee. There was a time
during the rebellion when the House of Rep-
resentatives admitted, improperly as I think,
members from the State of Louisiana.
Mr. DIXON. Wasthatanactofusurpation?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think it was an unau-
thorized act.
Mr. DIXON. Was it usurpation?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, it was an act
without authority, in my judgment, because the
State organization having been overthrown, I
think it required the concurrent action of both
Houses to recognize it again, just the same as
in inference to California. Now, I come back
to the point where the Senator from Nevada
questioned me, when I read from the law to
show that when the question arose as to whether
the organization which had been originated in
the Slate of California, not in pursuance of any
law of Congress, but. by a voluntary movement
of the people, should be recognized as the State
organization, it wassubmitted to Congress; and
each House did not think of determining for
itself whether it would admit the member who
had been chosen. It is always so. In regard
to the admission of new States we pass an ena-
bling act authorizing a State government to be
formed upon certain conditions, and we some-
times allow the President by his proclamation
to declare the State in the Union when the con-
ditions arc complied with. At other times we
hold the power m our own hands of determin-
ing by the action of Congress when a State is
properly organized. So I say now. Not that
I want any law to admit these States into the
Union; I want no such law; j contend for no
such principle ; but I do contend that it is
proper, and the only proper way, for Congress
by joint action to ascertain and determine
whether after a State government has been
overthrown in any of'the States I he new organ-
ization which has been set up is entitled to rep-
resentation or not.
Mr. 00WAN. I wish to ask the Senator a
question, and I wantitanswefed distinctly, and
as the Senator says in monosyllables, because
it may be answered in that way. Wo had at one
time in the State of Pennsylvania two Legisla-
tures in session at the same time, two Houses of
Representatives and two Senates. Now, what
I want to know distinctly from the Senator from
Illinois is whether if one of those Legislatures
had electcd a Senator to this body and his
credentials had been presented here to the Sen-
ate and referred to his Committee on the Judi-
ciary, that committee would have a right to
inquire whether the body making the election
was the true and legitimate Legislature of
Pennsylvania, or whether it was not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will answer that ques-
tion by asking another: was the State govern-
ment of Pennsylvania overthrown and in the
hands of traitors at any time?
Mr. COWAN. I cannot say; but it was-
thought by a great many of the people that
half of it was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When you get such a
case and present it to me, I will answer your
question.
Mr. COWAN. Then I understand that the
Senator will not answer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am notgiven to evading
questions which are put to me, and I think itis
a pretty good answer to the question to tell the
Senator that his case is not this case at all. Of
course, each House determines whether a man
who votes has a right to vote or not when the
organization is admitted. Of course, the House
of Representatives determines whether A, B,
and C, who voted for a Representative had a
right to vote. In Pennsylvania, when you have
a legitimate State organization that nobody
questions, of course the Senate determines
when a Senator comes here. The question is
not whether you have got a real government
in Pennsylvania, but whether the men there
who voted for the individual Senator had a
right to vote or not; a very different question
from the one whether there is any government
at all in Pennsylvania that can be recognized
by the authorities of the United States. It is a
question simply of which was the Legislature.
We had a similar case from the State of Rhode
Island some years ago, as is suggested by a Sen-
ator near me, [Mr. Poland.]
The very thing I have been trying to do at
this session of Congress, and I believe the very
thing the majority of the Senate has been try-
ing to do, is to ascertain the fact whether the
State of Tennessee, for that seems to be put
forward, has organized a republican State or-
ganization, which is loyal to this Government,
representing the loyal people of the State of
Tennessee. That is what the committee of fif-
teen are charged with inquiring into, what they
have been engaged I understand for fifty or
sixty days—-1 think the committee was not or-
ganized until after the holidays—in endeavoring
to ascertain. I am looking for a report from
the committee. I am not a member of it. I
should have rejoiced if the committee could
have ascertained ere this that the government
set up in 'Tennessee was a loyal government,
representing the loyal people of the State, and
in a condition that entitled it to representation
in the two Houses of Congress. 1 should have
rejoiced if they could have made that report
weeks ago. I hope we shall have it to-morrow;
and if not, to-morrow, just as soon as the com-
mittee shall ascertain the facts and make the
report.
The Senator from Connecticut talks about
persons acting from passion. So far as I am
concerned, my vote will not be controlled an
instant, and 1 should think myself unworthy of
a seat here if it could be controlled for one in-
stant by outside speeches in regard to the rec-
ognition or non-recognition of the State govern-
ment. of Tennessee. On that question I trust I
can divest myself of all feeling and all passion
and all desire except to do my duty not only to
Tennessee but to the whole country. Then
what is the complaint ? Why assume here that
somebody wants to keep eleven States out of the
Union when it is the earnest desire of every
man to have all the eleven States in as soon as
they can he properly admitted ? Why say that
resolutions are introduced for the purpose of
keeping Tennessee out when the object of these
resolutions is to facilitate her admission ? Let
me bring to the mind of the Senator from Con-
necticut the fact—if my recollection is wrong, I
ask him to correct me now—that he and I both
were anxious to have representatives from the
State of Louisiana in this body a year ago.
Mr. DIXON. I was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He cooperated with me.
I was for it.
Mr. DIXON. 1 think I did not vote for the
measure referred to by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not looked at
the yeas and nays; but you and I agreed.
Mr. DIXON. That she ought to be admit-
ted?
Mr. TRUMBULL. You and I agreed that
the Senators asking admission into this body
from the State of Louisiana ought to be ad-
mitted last year. That was then my opinion.
That question was referred to the committee
of which I have the honor to be chairman.
We considered it deliberately; we heard evi-
dence, we examined the facts, and we made a
report. I was exceedingly anxious then for
their admission, cooperating in harmony with
