3930
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
The nest amendment was to insert after the
item just adopted the following:
For tho purchase of a site, and the erection of a
building at St. Paul. Minnesota, for a custom-house,
post office, the accommodation of the Federal courts,
and other necessary Government purposes, the same
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, 4X00,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
previous item the following:
For the payment of temporary clerks of the first
class in the office of the Commissioner of Pensions,
under tho direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1867, $25,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
previous item the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior, at his dis-
cretion, to rent such rooms in the vicinity of the De-
partment for the use of the Pension Office as may be
deemed necessary for tho transaction of tho business
of that office, 83,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was to strike out from
line four hundred and eighty-three to line four
hundred and ninety-six of section one, in these
words: .
Providence hospital, District of Columbia:
For the purpose of aiding in the crcction of an ad-
ditional building to tho Providencc hospital, in the
city of Washington, §30,000: Provided. That if the
said property should ever be sold or diverted from
the uses expressed in tho act of Congress entitled
An act to incorporate Providence hospital, of the
city of Wnsinngton, District of Columbia," approved
April 8,1864, then tho sum of $30,000 shall be first
out of tho proceeds thereof into the United
States Treasury to reimburse the sum hereby appro-
priated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Finance recommended the striking out of that
clause, for the reason that there was no plan
before them and they did not know that one
had been drawn, and they had no estimates
and no propci^ information to guide them in
regard to it. The provision seemed to be very
loosely drawn. Since then the members of
the committee have looked into it, and they
have come to tho conclusion that it may be as
well to retain the clause, on the information
they get, with this_ proviso inserted after the
word "dollars," in line four hundred and
eighty-six:
Provided, That no portion of said sum shall be so
expended until ihe plan of said building is submit-
ted to the architect of the Capitol extension, and lie
shall certify that it is well adapted to tho purpose
contemplated, and that its cost will excced $60,000:
and the said sum of $30,000 shall only bo paid in in-
stallments as an equal amount derived from other
sources shall be expended in said building. And the
said budding is hereby dedicated to tho relief of sick
and muigont persons without distinction as to creed
or color, and shall remain under the care of the Sis-
ters of Uiaiity as incorporated under tho act entitled
An act to incorporate Providence hospital in tho
city of Washington, District of Columbia," approved
Aprils, lbli-1.
Mr. MORRILL. Not this precise provision,
but an application was broughtbeforethe Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia for a sim-
ilar provision in favor of another institution of
this kind chartered at the present session. The
act was approved on the 1st of June, incor-
porating a hospital of a similar character, I do
not remember its name. The question which
was piesented to the committee is this: these
private corporations come here and ask simply
for a charter; they call ita private corporation;
it is a private charity; they desire to be asso-
ciated for the purpose of holding real estate and
transmitting the same ; they do not ask to be
endowed ; and there was no expectation on the
part of the Committee of the District of Colum-
bia when either of these acts of incorporation
was granted that they would expect to be en-
dowed by the Government. It seemed to be
an indifferent affair that the Sisters of Charity
should be granted corporate powers to enable
them more successfully, as was supposed, with
greater facilities to accomplish the object, pro-
posed, which was in part a public object of
course, but so far as they were concerned it
was a private affair.
Now, I do not rise so much to oppose this
amendment or to advocate it as to state the
general facts. The Committee on the District
of Columbia having this application from an-
other institution and finding that the Commit-
tee on Finance or the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House had seen fit to make an
appropriation to this institution, and thereby
to that extent establishing the principle that
we would endow these private corporations
Ijere, instructed me to offer an amendment to
this bill endowing the institution which we in-
corporated this year, and which I propose to
do according to the instructions, provided it is
the sense of the Senate that these institutions
are proper subjects for endowment on the part
of the Government of the United States.
I ought to say, perhaps, that on examination
the Committee on the District of Columbia
came to the conclusion that this was not the
duty of the Government in any sense, that these
corporations were not in a situation to ask to
be endowed. This Providence hospital was
incorporated in 18G4. The incorporators were
highly respectable persons, females resident
here in the city of Washington, and the object
is highly commendable undoubtedly, and it has
commended itself to the private charity of the
city. The other corporation to which I allude,
incorporated at this session, so recently as last
month, is conducted by gentlemen of the high-
est respectability; it is in the hands of gentle-
men of very great skill, and I have no doubt
it will be of very great public interest.
But tho question after all is, whether the
Congress of the United States hold that this
class of institutions are tho proper subjects for
endowment out of the Treasury of the United
States. That is the question to be settled by
the Senate. If that is to be so, then of course
we ought to ho a little more careful how we
grant these charters. Wo have been in the
habit, when application has been made by re-
spectable persons who desire to be associated
for tho better facility of dispensing charities,
to say that there is no harm in their having a
charter; and we have not been in the habit of
supposing that we incurred any responsibility
or any liability by giving such a charter ; but
we are advised now that they are our adopted
children, and that by tho act of incorporation
wedo incur a responsibility and that an impli-
cation arises that they are to be endowed.
Now, sir, I do not rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the committee, nor do I rise to advo-
cate it. I only desire to call the attention of
the Senate to the general subject; and if the
Committee on Finance and the Senate feel that
this is a proper subject of endowment out of
the United States Treasury, then I shall not
object, but shall only endeavor to follow it by
such other legislation as will put all these insti-
tutions upon an equality.
I ought to observe, I think, in this place,
that I am afraid there has not been quite as
much care in referring this question to the
appropriate committees for examination as
there ought to have beem I think it is quite
impossible that a Committee on Appropria-
tions could have the specific information to
enable them to act intelligently in all the cases
of the institutions that are somewhat kindred
and entitled to the bounty of the Government
situated in the District of Columbia; and I
think all the appropriations asked for ought to
be referred to the appropriate committees for
special examination. I believe they have been
to some extent hitherto, but at the present ses-
sion I think not. It will be found that the
appropriations for charitable institutions in the
District of Columbia are very large. The Con-
gress of the United States supports to a very
great extent all the public charities in this city;
in addition to that, it pays the expenses of the
entire administration of justice of the two cities
and of the whole District, jails, penitentiaries,
&c. It is for the Senate to say how far they
will go in this direction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difficulty, if there
is any, about these matters, arises from the fact
that these bills come to us at the very last mo-
ments of the session, necessarily precluding us
from the possibility of making the examination
of them which wc should be very glad to make,
and we therefore have to rely on the previous
examination made by the Committee of Ways
and Means. Where the items are according
to the estimates, we can look at them and see
if they are the amounts estimated for by the
several Departments. If they are estimated by
the several Departments, and we find every- .
thing correct apparently, and the Committee
on Ways and Means, who have had the getting
up of the bill, recommend them, it is not in
our power to go over and make a reexamina-
tion. They send us the papers which they
examined; but there is no time to go through
them all. The difficulty arises from the fact
that this bill is put off to the end of the session.
It is a sort of omnibus bill; it gathers up all
the ends and odds, and necessarily passes, and
I am afraid sometimes with material defects
in it.
In regard to this hospital, we find the ap-
propriation for it here in the bill. It comes
from the Committee of Ways and Means of
the House, This proviso is a very peculiar
one: "that if the said property should ever
be sold or diverted from the uses expressed in
the act of Congress entitled 'An act to incor-
porate Providenee hospital, of the city of
Washington, District of Columbia,' approved
April 8, 1864, then the sum of $30,000 shall
be first paid out of the proceeds thereof into
the United States Treasury, to reimburse the
sum hereby appropriated." We examined the
act of incorporation to see what those "uses"
were, and there were no "uses" at all; it
was simply an act incorporating certain per-
sons as trustees of Providence hospital. That
was all there was of it. We had no plans; we
had no estimates; there seemed to be no con-
ditions ; we did not know what Providence
hospital was to cost, or anything about it, and
could not tell. Our conclusion, therefore, was
—and perhaps it is the wisest conclusion, and
one the Senate will adopt now; it is for them
to say—that we should strike out the clause,
and at any rate wait until the next session and
see what ought to be done. After that con-
clusion of ours, the principals of the Sisters
of Charity came, and when the objection was
stated to them they said they had already
marked out the ground, they had their plans,
they had begun to build, and the building would
cost 5300,000. There was a little peculiarity
in the statement that I am afraid I cannot ex-
actly state; but the idea was that the build-
ing proper was to cost $45,000, and the addi-
tional $15,000 was for something else, I do not
know what exactly, connected with it, so that
in reality we were to pay two thirds, as I un-
derstood, of the actual cost of the building.
These ladies applied to a majority of the com-
mittee, out, of the committee-room, and they
concluded to let it go, by putting in the proviso
which I have offered, which guards against cer-
tain things.
If it is to .be followed up, as my colleague
states, by propositions to endow other hospitals
at the same time, I think we may as well stop
somewhere with regard to these things, and
cannot be properly called upon to endow all
the charitable institutions of the city. I under-
stood it was the only hospital there was in the
city; it was so stated to me. What has been
done in regard to incorporating others at this
session I have not noticed.
Mr. MOK11ILL. The one alluded to by me
is not only incorporated but actually in exist-
ence and in operation, and has some twenty
patients.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see any reason
why this should have preference. I certainly
should object to the amendment my colleague
says he shall jjropose if this passes. I do not
think we should go to so very great extent as
to do_ everything that is to be done for the city.
This is a very good institution ; but it may not
be known to Senators that ever since it has
been in operation we have appropriated §0,000
a year for the support of certain patients in it,
and $1:2,000 last year, and again in this very
bill there is an appropriation of $12,000 to pay
for the actual support of patients there, sixty
