2010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
feom St. Louis, to Lieutenant General Grant that he
trusts the Interior Department is making proper
arrangements for feeding the numerous bands of
Indians assembling at Fort Laramie and on the up-
per Missouri river, adding that the military authori-
ties have not the means to meet such extraordinary
demands outside of their legitimate province; and
that if the Indians are under the charge of the Inte-
rior Department that Department should take care
of such matters, and not depend on the military.
■ "The Secretary of War, in his letter of the 25th
ultimo, sends you a copy of the above telegram, and
referring to a conversation inCabinetmeeting, desires
to be iufonned what measures have been taken by
your Department to provide for the Indians about to
assemble in council.
" In your reply of the same date you state that no
arrangements whatever had been made, as you did
not understand the Secretary to say definitely at
Cabinet meeting that his Department could not fur-
nish the subsistence for the purpose referred to, but
would eommunieatc with you in writing on the sub-
ject.
"A final communication from the honorable the
Secretary of War, in reply to the above and bearing
the same date, concludes the correspondence on the
subject; the Secretary stating that he designed the
conversation at Cabinet meeting as final and to the
point, 'but as you appear to have not so understood
the matter,' he adds, "You will please consider the
application /or supplies from the War Department
as definitely answered in the negative, for the reason
that they cannot bo furnished under legal authority,
llor without prejudice to the military service.
■" I have thus reviewed the correspondence in con-
nection with the facts of the case in order to show
that no blame can be justly attached to this Depart-
ment for nothavingatan earlierdatemadenecessary
preparations for the assistance called for."
By some mistake it was supposed—General
Curtis so understood it, and it was so under-
stood by the Secretary of War—that the War
Department would send on the supplies to feed
these Indians during these councils and to pro-
vide wh&twas necessary to be done in the nego-
tiation of these treaties; but subsequently, on
further examination, it seems the War Depart-
ment cannot do it; at all events, they decline to
do it, and the matter is thrown upon the Inte-
rior Department, and we must make this appro-
priation ; otherwise these Indians are called
together at these councils and there will be no
provision made for them while they are there,
and it may result in further hostilities and
trouble.
Mr. President, I have stated the circumstances
■under which this application is made. It came
to the attention of the Committee on Indian
Affairs j'esterday, and it was urged by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs and by the Secre-
tary of the Interior that we should take imme-
diate action because of the immense distance
that .these provisions and supplies have to be
transported, and because the period fixed, as
I understand, for the assembling of the Indians
is the "20th of May, and no time should be lost.
I therefore hope the resolution will pass at once.
Mr. SHERMAN. I need not remind the
Senate that I have always opposed appropri-
ations for Indian treaties on the ground that I
have always been opposed to this mode of deal-
ing with Indians. Besides that, my attention
is now called to a letter of the Secretary of the
Interior to the Committee on Finance to whom
this subject properly belongs, and to whom the
estimates for the negotiation of new treaties
are generally sent to be included in the Indian
appropriation bill, and they are generally ex-
amined by the Committee on Finance. I have
in my hands a large number of estimates con-
taining the details of this sum of one hundred
and twenty-one thousand and odd dollars. It
is a sum extraordinarily large. Indeed, the
largest sum T ever remember to have been ap-
propriated for making an Indian treaty is about
tw'entv thousand dollars. This is §121,785.
We have not had time or occasion to examine
these documents in detail, because the Indian
appropriation bill has not yet come to the Sen-
ate. These papers would have been examined
by us at the time we received them but for the
fact that we supposed they were intended to
apply to the Indian appropriation bill which
has not yet come to us. Now, unless the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin can satisfy the Senate that
there is pressing and urgent necessity for action
on this appropriation, I do not see why we
should pass a separate bill. It is unusual to
do so. My own opinion is that some Senator
would distinguish himself as a valuable public
servant who would take hold of this whole mat-
ter and transfer the Indian Bureau to the War
Department, or organize some other mode of
treating with Indian tribes than treating them
like foreign nations. The idea of getting to-
gether the head men of the Indian tribes and
giving them pork and beans—very sensible
articles of food—feeding them up and then
negotiating a treaty with them, and bringing
that treaty in here to be ratified as a high nego-
tiation with a foreign Power, has always seemed
to me so ridiculous that I hope some time or
other the Senate will abolish the whole system.
These Indians will be gathered together as a
grand conclave, they will have a Fourth of July
celebration for about tyo or three weeks, and
they will sign anything presented to them by
the Indian agents. This §121,000will be used
as a corruption fund—not improperly by the
officers of the Government, but it will be used
to make these Indians feel good while it lasts,
and then the agent sent there to negotiate a
treaty will write out what he pleases and they
will sign it, without any knowledge of what is
contained in it; and if they are satisfied with
the terms of it afterward, well and good; if
not, they will take up the tomahawk and the
rifle and commence a war, if they are incited to
it by white men.
That mode of dealing with the Indians has
always seemed to me so ridiculous that I never
had any patience in examining these matters.
But if the Senate still insists on that policy of
negotiating treaties with the Indian tribes, the
Committee on Indian Affairs must take the
responsibility for this appropriation, bccause
the Committee on Finance to whom these pa-
pers were referred have never yet had time to
examine them; nor has the proper occasion
arrived when we could examine them. It
would have been our duty, of course, to exam-
ine the details of these estimates if the Indian
appropriation bill had come to us before this
time and an amendment had been proposed to
that bill to meet this object. I have not even
read these papers; my attention has been just
this moment called to the fact that the whole
subject was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance. I shall therefore take no responsibility
as to the amount involved or as to the necessity
of the appropriation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Indian appropria-
tion bill will probably not be here until the
last of the session, and the 20th of May is the
time fixed for the Indians to meet and for the
supplies to be at Fort Laramie, Fort Rice, Fort
Sully, and Fort Union on the upper Missouri,
and Fort Berthold.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask by what authority
these tribes are to be convened.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was upon this author-
ity: we were at war with them, and the military
authorities, under the direction of the War
Department-and the Interior Department, the
President of course being responsible, invited
these tribes to treat. When my friend from
Ohio speaks of the estimates sent to the Finance
Committee I am inclined to think that he is
looking at the estimates to carry into effect
treaties already ratified.
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr. GRIMES. Are these tribes that we have
been at war with ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Some of them are.
Mr. GRIMES. We have been at peace with
some.
Sir. DOOLITTLE. We have been at war
with the Sioux and the Blackfeet. In relation
to the time I wish to say a word.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Senator. As I understand it, we have
not been at war with many of these Indians
that it is proposed to treat with. There may
have, been additional murders or atroeitios per-
petrated by some of them ; but my impression
is that we have treated with most of those Indi-
ans with whom we have been at war.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We have not treated
with them all.
Mr. GRIMES. What I want to know is this:
does not the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs contemplate treaties with Indian
tribes with whom, we have not been at war, and
if so, why do Ave propose to treat with those
particular tribes that we are already at peace
with?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, Mr. President-
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator from Wis-
consin will allow me.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, for a moment. I
will refer to some papers I have here, and
answer the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have known, proba-
bly, more of the Indians that traverse our Rocky
mountains and the regions further west than
any of my colleagues here in the Senate. I
have known Indians from my boyhood. The
policy of the Governmentin dealing with them,
1 think, has always been wrong. I agree with
the Senatorfrom Ohio altogetherin thatrespect.
They must be whipped into their place, and
subjected to obedience. Why should not the
Indian earn his bread by the sweat of his brow?
Why should he not do it with his bow and arrow,
or other material that he may possess? Why
should he be supported by the Government?
It is false legislation, and it is one of those
things that oppress the men who do honest labor
in the country—that labor which supports our
Government. It is wrong. I have been op-
posed to it as a matter of policy always, and I
take occasion now to give expression to my
thought. I met a lot of Choctaws last night—•
and I can talk Choctaw—three chiefs who flut-
tered in their peacock feathers. We buy them
those feathers, and we buy them their blankets.
Why should we do it?' I have never been able
to find that out by any logical deduction. We
do not owe them anything but this : we should
protect them on their hunting grounds. That
I am prepared to do always, and let them die
out by a law established by a greater Master
than confines himself to this sphere, as another
race that inhabit about the District of Columbia
is to die out. No man can suggest a good logi-
cal reason why we should subsist the Indians.
My friend from Wisconsin, who is a western
man, and who is acquainted somewhat with the
subject, cannot advance a reason why we should
subsist them; tax our farmers and laboring
men, and our mechanics, to subsist, the Indian,
to come down here and parade his feathers in
Washington, and draw our blankets. It cannot
be done ; it is not within the range of logic.
I am, therefore, against the whole policy.
Mr. RAMSEY. This war commenced with
the Issanti Sioux, in Minnesota, numbering
about six or seven thousand. It extended then
to the Yanctoni Sioux, in the northern part of
Dakota, and also to a part of the Yancton Sioux,
in southern Dakota, and also to the larger part
of the Teton Sioux west of the Missouri, com-
prising the Blackfeet and other bands, so that
the whole Sioux tribe on the plains are demoral-
ized and infected with this war spirit. I do not
see how entire peace and quiet can be restored
to the frontiers unless through some treaty
arrangement. It may require a little money,
but surely 
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let me ask the Sen-
ator, would it not be better to whip them well?
Mr. RAMSEY. Certainly it would, if you
could catch them, but that is the great difficulty.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Is not the Government
powerful, and hasitnot men and horses enough?
Mr. RAMSEY. On those immense plains
in Dakota, and on the Platte, it is impossible
for any armed force you can send there to over-
take them.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If you furnish General
Sully the horses and men, he will hunt them
to the death.
Mr. RAMSEY. But that would take ton
times as much money as this treaty arrange-
ment will cost. Besides, there are large bodies
of these Sioux that you cannot possibly reach;
our men cannot get at them ; they live on the
British frontier. All of the Issanti Sioux, the
most hostile and most bloody of all the Dakotas,
now live on the northern border, and after com-
mitting depredations retreat across the lino, find
you cannot follow them. 'They keep poisoning
