1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2971
edge, much more easily obtained, than that
which might be obtained from some of the
Departments of this Government.
Suppose the gentleman should desire to know
what becomes of the contingent fund of the
House of Bepresentatives, where will he get
his information? Suppose he desires to know
for what reason the vast appropriations which
you make here for the support of the Army
and Navy are made, what item goes to this
purpose, what amount is actually necessary for
that purpose, what information does he get?
Why, sir. he appeals to the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations and he hears the
response, "The head of the Department told
me that the appropriation was necesgary, and
therefore the committee recommend it." Not
a man on the committee can say he has gone
to the basis and knows the merits of the appro-
priation. And so in every Department of the
Government. We rely upon the fidelity of
those who are in charge of the matters at the
headquarters. We take their statements and
we believe in their fidelity.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the
gentleman to argue that the pay provided by
this bill for officers on duty in the city of Wash-
ington is not sufficient.
Mr. DAVIS. I say I do not believe it is.
Mr. FARNSWOR.TH. I would inquire of
the gentleman what relation the pay provided
in this bill for officers on duty in this city bears
to the pay of persons in the civil service in this
city whose duties correspond with those in the
military service.
Mr. DAVIS. I will not pretend to say what
precise relation does exist between the two.
I have not said, and do not say, that the pay of
an officer located elsewhere is sufficient to sup-
port himself respectably in times when every-
thing is as high as it is at present, or has been
for two years past.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the gen-
tleman if by the provisions of this bill the offi-
cers of the Army are not and will not be the
best-paid officers under the Government; bet-
ter than any officers in any other Department.
Mr. DAVIS. I think not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think they are.
Mr. DAVIS. Under the requirements of the
law an officer engaged in the military service
of the Government is prevented from engaging
in anything else. Now, the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Fakxswokth] can use one half
of his lime as a member of Congress in the
pursuit of his profession. He can give counsel
here. He can argue a case in the Supremo
Court of the United States, and employ his
vacations at homo in pursuing his profession.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. A clerk in one of the
Departments with a salary of only ?1,R00 can-
not engage in other pursuits half his time. I
am not talking about members of Congress but
officers in the Departments, in the civil service
of the Government, and I do say that under
this bill those in the military service are better
paid than those in any other Department of the
Government.
Mr. DAVIS. Sir, theirs is a very different
service. A clerk in any Department may go
where he pleases and obtain employment else-
where. A man who swears fidelity to the Gov-
ernment in a military capacity cannot do it.
He takes the peril of the field and looks to the
Government for his support for a life-time,
wlnle the clerk in a Department, after having
acquired in the service of the Government that
knowledge and experience which will render
his services more profitable elsewhere, goes
into a bank in the city of New York, Phila-
delphia, or elsewhere, and instead of receiving
$1,800 a year receives $2,500 or $3,000. _ And
most of these clerks are single men, while an
officer of the Army who commenced as a sin-
gle man is not supposed to be denied the priv-
ilege of matrimony.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does not my friend
think it is better for a man to be provided for
for life than to go into a Department to con-
tinue there during good behavior or at the
pleasure of his employer?
Mr. DAVIS. Allow me to say that with
regard to most of those who distinguished
themselves for bravery in the field, who led
our gallant men to the breach, stormed the
enemy's fortresses, and pulled down the stars
and bars of secession, those men might re-
ceive elsewhere than in the public service a far
greater compensation than they can get under
the Government. With many of them it is
nothing but the esprit du corps that keeps them
in the service.
Sir, I believe in this Government doing jus-
tice. I ask for nothing in behalf of an officer
located in the city of Washington which I
would not ask on behalf of one located any-
where else. But I know something about the
operation of this bill. Why, sir, in 1840 a
friend of mine in the Army being ordered to
military duty in California, paid for a single
room not ten feet square ยง100 a month as rent.
Ilis own pay was about $1,500 per annum.
This became so great a grievance on the Pa-
cific coast that Congress passed special acts to
relieve the officers. And it is so here. Offi-
cers with families pay ยง1,200 rent, and for their
fuel besides, when their commutation allow-
ance does not amount to more than $927.
Now, when you come to fix an unchanging, un-
varying system, and say that the pay of an offi-
cer shall be so much under all circumstances,
you at once introduce under the name of uni-
formity that which is nothing but its opposite.
Now, sir, the pay of a captain located in the
city of Washington by this bill is $2,500 a
year, and yet the sum which is found neces-
sary for the Government to allow him as com-
mutation for quarters and fuel without anything
else is $927 01. If he be a man of family,
how can he live upon $2,500? He lias in the
first place to pay out of his $2,500 five per
cent, income tax. Then he has his gas bills
to pay, his repairs to his dwelling, his inci-
dental expenses, his wife and children to
clothe, his children to educate, and all in a
state of society where it costs him vastly more
to live than it did five years ago. He receives
less than SI,200 for their entire support.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman state bow much the private soldiers get ?
Mr. DAVIS. Privates are taken care of by
the Government itself. The private soldier
takes his pay with the knowledge that he is to
have his rations and quarters furnished him
by the Government.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. How much
does he get for himself and his family when
he is stationed in the city of Washington ?
Mr. DAVIS. He gets what he agrees to
receive, and lias his rations and quarters
besides'. Most privates, I believe, have no
families. During the late war probably three
fourths of all the men who enlisted were single,
and I have no doubt that is the case to-day
with non-commissioned officers and privates.
They are nearly all young men, and the Gov-
ernment furnishes them with everything in the
way of food, quarters, and clothing.
We are told, as another reason why this bill
is introduced, that it will prevent fraud and the
demoralization of officers. I have too much
confidence in the integrity and honor of any
officer who has fought or who proposes to fight
under the flag of the Republic to believe that
for a few dollars or more he would make a false
return to his Government which would expose
him to be cashiered or summarily dismissed.
Sir, the War Department under the law does
take the word of an officer instead of his oath.
And to what does an officer certify when he
nresents his account for payment? I will read it:
"I hereby certify that the foregoing account is
accurate ;i iKl.iu.-i,; that I have not been absent with-
out leave (luring any part of the time charged for;
that I have not leceived pay, nor drawn rations, for-
atcc, or clothing, in kind, or received money m lieu
of any part thereof, for anv part of the time therein
charged : that I actually owned and kept m service
the horses and employed iho private^ servants lor
which T char.?'} lor the whole oi the time charged,
and that I did not, during the term so charged, or
any part thereof, keep or employ a soldier as a waiter
or servant; that the annexed is an accurate descrip-
tion of myservant; that forthewhole period charged
for iny staff appointment, Iactually andlegally held
the appointment, and did duty in the department}
that I was the actual and only commanding officer
at the double-ration post charged for ; and thatno
officcr, within my knowledge, has a right to claim*
or does claim, for said services for any part of the
period charged; that for the whole time brevet pay
is claimed X had the command stated; that I was
actually in the command of a company for the whole
time additional pay is charged: that I have not been
in the performance of any staff duty for which I claim
or have received extra compensation during the time
an additional ration is chargcd for; that I nave been
in the United States Army as a commissioned officer
for the number of years stated in the charge for extra
rations; that I am not in arrears with the United
States on any account whatsoever/'
That is the certificate of honor of an officer
of the Army, and during all the time this sys-
tem has existed, from 1795 to this time, there
have been but two or three instances of mal-
feasance or misrepresentation in the returns of
regular officers of the Army. And although
but yesterday we heard upon this floor from
the honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dumont.] who claimed that he had seen sev-
eral years of military service, that he had been
in the volunteer service of the country, that
these returns were made, as he knew, falsely
and fraudulently; that he himself had certified
to returns that as to the truth of which in all
things he was not certain; although we heard
that, I will not accept that as an impeachment
of the officers of the regular Army.
Mr. DUMONT. Will the gentleman yield
to me a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. DUMONT. I deny utterly that I ever
said any such thing.
Mr. DAVIS. I certainly understood the
gentleman to say that he had never seen a pay-
roll which set forth the truth.
Mr. D UMONT. I said that I had seldom
seen a pay-roll that set forth the exact truth.
Mr. DAVIS. If I have misrepresented the
gentleman in any regard, I will retract every-
thing which he denies that he said or intended
to say. I stated what I understood him to say,
and I was about to add that I thought the gen-
tleman himself must have used inaccurate lan-
guage, for I do not think it possible that an
officer who had been in the volunteer service,
a man of intelligence and cultivation, would
assert anything that he did not believe to be
entirely true. Now, what I said was, that the
gentleman stated here that the returns which
are made out by officers of the Army do not
state the truth; that he had never seen a return
which did; that he himself had made such
returns 
Mr. DUMONT. I did not say anything of
the kind.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman state what
he did say, for I do not wish to do him or any
other gentleman the slightest injustice?
Mr. DUMONT. 1 stated that I had had a
conversation with an Army officer, and had
said to him that I had seldom seen an officer's
pay-roll which m every respect stated the exact
truth; that he then propounded to me the ques-
tion whether I had ever made out a false pay-
roll ; and that I replied to him that present
company was always excepted, and that I was
not there to testify in regard to either him or
myself. And I state again that I have seldom
seen an officer's pay-roll that in every respect
stated the cxact truth. I said not one single
word about my own account, nor have I said
a single word in regard to any other officer.
In regard to saying that I had certified 1o many
such a pay-roll, there was not a word of that
kind said ; the subject was not adverted to, not
a single word was said in regard to the cer-
tificate. ,
Mr. DAVIS. While I disclaim any inten-
tion whatever of doing the slightest injustice to
the honorable gentleman, I cannot forget the
words he uttered upon this floor. He said, and
he spoke of it as a matter within his own per-
sonal knowledge, that a dozen officers messing
together and employing in common two or three
servants would include those servants in each
of their pay accounts.
