1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
transient persons who are dependent on the
Government.
Whether this should be done or not is a
matter for the Senate to decide. The commit-
tee decided to strike out the appropriation,
and afterwards a majority of the committee
decided to let it go with this proviso which has
been drawn by the Senator from Ohio. It is
a matter in which I have of course not the
slightest feeling of any kind or description.
It is a matter rather for the Senate to decide
upon the general principle whether they will
go into these expenditures and pay large sums
of money for the erection of provident institu-
tions in this District. Bach Senatorisas com-
petent to decide the matter for himself as is
any member of the Committee on Finance.
We found it there, we decided to strike it out,
and then afterwards in the way I spoke of con-
cluded to let it remain in on getting more in-
formation. The question is on concurrence
with the committee in striking out this appro-
priation.
Mr. GUTHRIE. This Providence hospital
is under the management of the Catholics, this
being a Catholic community. It is the cheap-
est managed of any institution of this kind I
know of, and indeed the Catholic institutions
generally are very cheaply and providently
managed. I suppose that with the exception
of the Government patients, who are paid for
out of appropriations we make, they take care
mostly of the poor of their own persuasion who
fall into their hands, and they are remarkable
for their kindness to their own people; and
mostly, I believe, those who have fallen into
their hands are Trish. Now, as the govern-
ment of Washington city is in Congress, and
such institutions as the Providence hospital
are necessary in all cities of this size, I see no
real objection to the Government aiding in
extending this institution, particularly after it
has been found useful and beneficial to the
community. I feel disposed to vote for this
appropriation. It received the sanction of a
very keen committee in the other House, and
they sent it here without the guards we now
propose to put around it. I am sorry the Sena-
tor from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is not present.
He has taken more interest in this question
and is better acquainted with these good Sis-
ters and the facts of the case than any other
member of the Finance Committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps we had better
pass this amendment over till to-morrow, and
not act on it now in the absence of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to move for an
executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator
from Wisconsin will defer that motion until
the reading of the bill is concluded. There
are only nine or ten pages more to be read
and most of the amendments are through
with.
Mr. DOOTjTTTIjE. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose that the
amendment be passed over for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ No objec-
tion being made the amendment will be passed
over.
The Secretary read the next amendment of
the Committee on Finance, which was to insert
after line four hundred and ninety-four of sec-
tion one the following:
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings
to reimburse the corporation of Washington for ex-
penses incurred in improving streets and avenues
passing through and by property of the General Gov-
ernment, $47,255 81.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let that amendment
also be passed over. It is a matter in which
(he Senator from Ohio has an interest.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
five hundred and seven and five hundred and
eight of section one, in these words :
For contingent fund for Joint Committee on Li-
brary, $5,000.
The amendment was ajreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
five hundred and eight of section one the fol-
lowing :
For an additional appropriation, to be expended
under the direction of the Joint Committee on the
Library, to decorate the Capitol with such works of
art as may be ordered and approved by said com-
mittee, as provided by act approved August 18,1856,
85,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
previous item:
For additional compensation of three laborers em-
ployed in the Congressional Library, commencing
January 1,1866, $5*6); and the compensation of said
laborers is hereby fixed at $720 per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to the close of the appropriations for "sur-
veying the public lands."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance to
what extent the estimates for public land sur-
veys in the Territories are reduced. My im-
pression is that these appropriations are so
small as really to be of no service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. These items are ac-
cording to the estimates, I think.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The full amount of the
estimates?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is my impression.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that must be a
mistake.
Mr. STEWART. There have been several
bills passed creating land districts and surveyor
generals' offices in the Territories since the
estimates were made, so that really there is a
demand for more surveying than there was at
that time. I have written to the Commissioner
calling attention to the fact, and to-morrow
morning I expect to have some information on
the subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the appropriations
are according to the estimates I have no sug-
gestion to make.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to the last item of section one, which is in
these words:
For the Government building at Portland, Maino,
used as post offico, custom-house, anil for the United
States courts, lately destroyed or rendered worthless
by fire, to repair or rebuild the same as may prove
most advisable, $100,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to be expended under the direction of
"the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to increase
that appropriation to $150,000. One hundred
thousand dollars .was the amount put in by the
Houge of Representatives before we bad any
report from the person sent down by the De-
partment to examine the building and see what
would be necessary. Since then we have re-
ceived his report, and he says it will cost
$150,000; the building is entirely ruined.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are the courts, post office,
and custom-house all in one building?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in line six of section two to change
the appropriation for the salary of the cashier
at the office of the United States depositary
at Louisville from $1,800 to $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
three of section two to make the appropria-
tion for salary of watchman at the office of the
United States depositary at Pittsburg $1,095,
instead of $900.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-one
of section two to increase the appropriation
for the salary of a clerk in the office of the
United States depositary at Baltimore from
$900 to $1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-two
of section two to make the appropriation for
the salary of messenger in the office of the
United States depositary at Baltimore $912 50
instead of $900.
Mr. JOHNSON. How do you come at the
cents ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know. I know
we received a letter from the. Treasury, saying
that that was the salary he got now.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-six
of section two to make the appropriation for
the_ salary of the cashier in the otfiee of the
United States AssistantTreasurerat San Fran-
cisco $8,000 instead of $2,500.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why is $3,000 allowed in
San Francisco and only $2,000 in Cincinnati?
Mr. FESSENDEN. On account of the fact
that that is the salary the Department has found
it necessary to pay in order to keep the man
in. The fact is that greenbacks are not worth
so much in San Francisco as elsewhere. Under
the authority given by an act of Congress the
Secretary of the Treasury allows this officer
$3,000, and he recommends that that be the
salary fixed bylaw; otherwise he cannot retain
lllQ
Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the
appropriation for salary of the book-keeper in
the office of the Assistant Treasurer at San
Francisco from $2,000 to $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to make the ap-
propriation for salarj' of the assistant cashier
in the office of the United States depositary,
Cincinnati, $2,000 instead of $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the
appropriations for salaries at the office of the
depositary at Cincinnati, as follows: assistant
cashier from $1,000 to $1,050; teller from
$1,300 to $1,400; book-keeper from $1,500 to
$1,800; and two clcrks from $2,500to $2,600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the third section of the
bill, as follows;
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That so much of
an act making additional appropriations, and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations, for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1866, and for other purposes, ap-
proved April 7,1866, as provides "for compensation
of the revenue agent stationed at New York, in addi-
tion to the sum authorized by act of June 30,1865,
including $1,000 for the current fiscal year. <p2,000,"'
and the twenty-fourth section of act entitled"An act
to amend an act entitled 'An act for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses." approved March 3,1863," approved July 24,
1864, be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by striking out the words
" and the twenty-fourth section of an act enti-
tled 'An act to amend an act entitled "An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,
1863,' approved July 24, 1864."
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is proper that I
should explain what that is, otherwise Senators
might not observe it. The words which we
propose to strike out were inserted in this sec-
tion by the House as an amendment, and their
effect is to repeal the provision made by law to
pay to certain owners of slaves the bounty due
on their being enlisted or drafted. The com-
mittee thought, on looking at the law, that that
was a contract which had been made by the
laws of the land, and concluded at, any rate to
move to strike out this clause repealing it and
bring it to the attention of the Senate, so
that the Senate could decide for itself. The
committee propose to strike out the repeal of
the law relative to the bounty for enlisted ne-
groes going to their owners.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of the bill, the last item being the fol-
lowing clause at the end of section six, which
the Committee on Finance moved to strike out,
namely:
For the repair of the custom-house and post office,
and the walks and fcnecs adjoining the same, at Mm-
dlctown, Connecticut, $5,000, thosame to be expended
by direction of the collector of the port of Miuule-
town.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why strike that out?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because it is trans-
ferred to another part of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
