8982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin to withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment, that I may ask leave to offer a joint
resolution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I withdraw it for that
purpose.
RECOGNITION OF TENNESSEE.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 136) recognizing the gov-
ernment of the State of Tennessee ; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state that we have
received information during the day that the
State of Tennessee has ratified the constitu-
tional amendment, and this is a resolution
proposing to recognize the government of that
State. 1 move that it be printed and placed
on the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
TOOPOSED EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I renew my motion.
Mr. CONNESS. Before that motion is acted
on I desire to make a suggestion. Most Sen-
ators have business of great consequence pend-
ing. Wo are approaching the end of the ses-
sion. We are not getting along very rapidly
with business. We should either make longer
daily sessions, or have evening sessions, one at
least, for the transaction of general business.
I should like very much to submit a motion
for an evening session, if it be acceptable to the
Se.nate; perhaps the change in the weather
may make it so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
withdrawing my motion to allow a vote to be
taken on that proposition.
Mr. STEWART. This evening will be as
pleasant a one as we are likely to have.
Mr. CONNESS. With the leave of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, I submit a motion that
the Senate meet this evening for business at
half past seven o'clock. I propose, of course,
and the whole Senate will agree, that it shall
not displace the appropriation bill. There will
be no question on that subject. Wc will give
appropriation bills the preference.
Mr. HENDRICKS. We had better go on
with the appropriation bill wo have commenced.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
from California—he is probably not aware of
it—that 1 understand the other House has re-
considered its resolution to adjourn on the
25th. That being so, wo may have a long ses-
sion before us yet, and no occasion for even-
ing sittings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think wo had better
not conclude to have an evening session to-
night. Many gentlemen have left the Senate,
and they will not be aware of a meeting this
evening if one is ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. We haye a very full Sen-
ate here now; as full as it usnally is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Many Senators have
gone out, and they may not return. I confess
that the labor I have had to do is very oppress-
ive, and f have been unable to attend any
evening session yet. I will come when it is
absolutely necessary, but I do not feel able to
go on with this bill to-night.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator ought to per-
mit those of us who are willing to do business
to eome here. I submit the motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest to my friend from
California that he had better make his motion
applicable to to-morrow night.
Mr. CONNESS. I will make it for to -mor-
row.
Several Senators. An evening session has
already been ordered for to-morrow.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not only have a great
many Senators left the Hall, but if this is to
be a meeting for the consideration of general
business this evening, I must protest against
it. Several Senators, to my certain knowledge,
are engaged upon a committee to-night which
will bold a very important meeting to report
business to go upon the very appropriation
bill that wc arc now considering, and they
have no other time to attend to it except to-
night. If general business is to be considered
I desire to be in the Senate, and I cannot be
if I attend the committee meeting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is manifest that if we
pieet to-morrow night, it will be about as soon
as we can now conveniently assemble in the
evening. Several Senators have left the Cham-
ber, not expecting a night session. I make
the motion that the Senate now proceed to the
consideration of executive business. That will
get rid of the question, and it is understood
that to-morrow night we are to have a night
session at any rate.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not think this pro-
ceeding on the part of the Senator from Illi-
nois is very civil, to say the least of it. The
honorable Senator from "Wisconsin had made
a motion to go into executive session, and I
asked him to withdraw it and he did with-
draw it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I renewed it to get
rid of your motion. That was my object. If
the Senate votes down my motion yours will
come up. It is another way of getting the
question ; that is all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois.
Mr. CONNESS. That is a debatable ques-
tion, I believe. Now, if I shall show half the
pertinacity that the honoroble Senator does on
occasions—always, however, in very correct
directions—I should perhaps discuss this ques-
tion to the annoyance of the Senator, if not of
the Senate, and 1" have no doubt of both. The
session to-morrow evening, as I learn, is for
the special purpose of considering District of
Columbia business. So one evening is taken
for claims by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Clark,] and another evening by the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Momull] for Dis-
trict of Columbia business; but we cannot get
an evening session for general business.
I do not wish, of course, to stand in the
way of the opinion of the Senate; but I beg
Senators to know and understand that many
of us feel charged with business that is of con-
sequence to our constituents, and I think we'
ought to have an opportunity to get it consid-
ered by the Senate.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I think if we make any
changc wc had better take two hours in the
morning, when it is cool and pleasant, and
when we shall not be so disposed to talk.
Mr. CONNESS. I will agree to that.
Mr. FESSENDEN, We cannot do that to-
morrow rooming, because the Committee on
Finance has a meeting then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 19, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntos.
Mr. BID WELL moved that the reading of
the Journal of yesterday bo dispensed with.
Mr. INGERSOLL and Mr. ALLEY ob-
jected.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
CALIFORNIA AND OREGON RAILROAD.
Mr. BID WELL. I now call tip the motion
submitted by me on the 3d instant, to recon-
sider the vote recommitting to the Committee
on PublicLands Senate bill No. 123, granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Central Pacific
railroad, in California, to Porthmd, jn Oregon.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to?
The question recurred on agreeing to the sub-
stitute reported from the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SPALDINGr. I call for the reading of
the substitute.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill
and insert:
That the California and Oregon itailroad Company,
organised under an act of the State of California, to
protect certain parties in and to a railroad Purvey, to
connect Portland, in Oregon, with Marysville, in Cal-
ifornia, approved April 6, 1863, and such company
organized under the laws of Oregon as the Legisla-
ture of said State shall hereafter designate, be, and
they are hereby, authorized and empowered to lay
out, locate, construct, finish, and maintain a railroad
and telegraph line between the city of Portland, in
Oregon, and the Central Pacific railroad, in Califor-
nia, in the manner following, to wit: the said Cali-
fornia ami Oregon Railroad Company to construct
that part of the said railroad and telegraph within
the Stato of California, beginning at some point (to
be selected by said company) on the Central Pacific
railroad in the Sacramento valley, in the State of
California, and running thence northerly, through
the Sacramento and Shasta valleys, to the northern
boundary of the State ot California; and the said Ore-
gon company to construct tha t part of said railroad
and telegraph line within the State of Oregon, begin-
ning at the city ofPortland, in Oregon, and running
thence southerly through the Willamette, Umpqua,
and Kogue river valleys to the southern boundary
of Oregon, where the same shall connect with the
part aforesaid to be made by the first-named com-
pany: Provided, That the company completing: its
respective part of said railroad and telegraph from
either of th^. termini herein named to the line be-
tween California and Oregon before the other com-
pany shall have likewise arrived at the same line,
shall have the right, and the said company is hereby
authorized, to continue in constructing the same
beyond the line aforesaid, with the consent of the
Stato in which the unfinished part may lie, upon the
terms mentioned in this act, until the said parts shall
meet and connect, and the whole line of said railroad
and telegraph shall be completed.
Sep. 2. Add be it further enacted, That there be, and
hereby is, granted to the said companies, their suc-
cessors and assigns, for the purpose of aiding in the
construction of said railroad and telegraph lmc, and
to secure the safe and speedy transportation of the
mails, troops, munitions of war, and public stores
over the line of said railroad, every alternate section
of public land, not mineral, designated by odd num-
bers, to the amount of twenty alternate sections per
mile (ten on each side; of said railroad line; and when
any of said alternate sections or parts of sections shall
be found to have been granted, sold, reserved, occu-
pied by homestead settlers, preempted, or otherwise
disposed of, other lands, designated as aforesaid, shall
be selected by said companies in lieu thereof, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, in al-
ternate sections designated by odd numbers as afore-
said, nearest to and notmoro than ten miles beyond
the linrir•$ of said first-named alternate sections;
and as soon as the said companies, or cither of them,
shall file in the office of the Secretary of the Interior
a map of the survey of said railroad, or any portion
thereof, not less than sixty continuous miles fiom
either terminus, the Secretary of the Interior shall
withdraw from sale public lands herein granted on
each side of said railroad, so far allocated and within
the limits before specified. The lands heiein granted
shall be applied to the buiding of said road within
the States, respectively, wherein they are situated.
And the sections and parts of sections of land which
shall remain in the United States within the limits
of the aforesaid grant shall not be sold lor less than
double the minimum price of public lands when sold:
Provided, That bona fide and actual settlers under
the preemption laws of the United States may, After
due proof of settlement, improvement, and occupa-
tion, as now provided by law, purchase the same at
the price fixed for said lands at the date of such set-
tlement, improvement, and occupation: And pro-
vided oho* That settlers under the provisions of the
homestead act, who comply with the terms? and re-
quirements of said act, shall be entitled, within the
limits of said grant, to patents for an amount not
exceeding eighty acres of the land so reserved by the
United States, anything in this act to the contrary
notwithstanding^
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the right of
way through the public lands be, and the same is
hereby, granted to said companies for the construc-
tion of said railroad and telegraph line; and the
right, power, and authority arc hereby given to said
companies 1o take from the public lands adiaecnt to
the line of said road earth, stone, timber, water, and
other materials for the construction thereof. Said
right of way is granted to said railroad to the extent
of one hundred feet in width on cach side of said
railroad where it may pass over the public lands, in-
cluding all necessary grounds for stations, buildings,
workshops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side-
tracks, turn-tables, water stations, or any other
structures required in the construction and operat-
ing of said road.
Sec. 4. And be it fvrthor cnacted, That whenever the
said companies, or eithcrofthem, shall have twenty
or more consecutive miles of any portion of said rail-
road and telegraph line ready for the service contem-
plated by this act, the President of the United States
shall appoint three commissioners, whose compensa-
tion shall ho paid by said company* to examine the
same, and if it shall appear that twenty consecutive
m iles of railroad and telegraph shall have been com-
pleted and equipped in all respects as required by
this act, the said commissioners shall so report under
