1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gres3. We are told that it is only for the sep-
arate action of each body. If South Carolina
presents her Representatives at our doors and
asks to be admitted, we are told all we can do,
if any question is raised as to their right to
seats, is simply to refer their credentials and
papers to the Committee of Elections and that
they are to consider the whole matter. They
are to be empowered by this dictum to consider
this whole matter and to decide the condition
of the southern States.
I umply say this: that if each branch of
Congress was to assume to decide a question of
this character it would be usurping the powers
of this Government.
Sir, the moment the relationship of States
to the General Government is disturbed we
can go behind these propositions laid down in
the fifth section. The moment the inquiry is
raised as to the condition of any State in the
Union, it becomes a matter of legislation, and
when it does it is taken away from each branch
by itself and must be the joint act of both
branches of Congress.
What is his opinion ? Let me refer to his
annual message to see what language he uses:
" The amendment to the Constitution being adopt-
ed, it would remain for the States, whose powers have
been so lonj in abeyance, to resume their places m
the two branches of the national Legislature, and
thereby complete the work of restoration. Here it
is tor you, lellow-citizens of the Senate, and for you,
fellow-citizcns of the House of Representatives, to
judge, each of you lor yourselves of the elections,
returns, and qualiiications of your own members."
The President of the United States brings
them to the doors of Congress and then tells
us all we have a right to do is that each branch
for itself shall consider this question. We
find the same thing reported in the veto mes-
sage. We find that he is persistent on this
pomt. lie says:
" I would in nowise interfere with the discretion of
Congress with regard to the qualifications of mem-
bers."
The elections, returns, and qualifications of
members are embraced in the annual message,
and only the qualifications are found in the
veto message.
Mr. Speaker, I have no animadversion to
make, and it is not my business in the brief
hour 1 have to speak. My business is to show
the distinction between the course Congress is
pursuing in vindication of its acts and that pur-
sued by the Executive, and which has occa-
sioned so much disquiet and discussion through-
out the country. It is simply this : _ Congress
insists—it did so during the Tliiity-Eighth Con-
gress, and is doing so now—it is a work of
legislation to place these States which have
been in rebellion in the condition of the loyal
States, and that they may be entitled to repre-
sentation, while the President of the United
States insists there shall be no legislation on
that subject. That is the grand and distinctive
difference between the two.
Mr. Speaker, very much lias been said in
this House as to whether the States which were
in the rebellion are in or out of the Union. I
am not particular whether the one or the other
is admitted so long as we can act in reference^
to this great object. But whether in or out oi
the Union I insist that it is within the power
of a State to destroy, and destroy entirely, its
internal State organization, whether for legis-
lative purposes or for representative purposes
in Congress. Let me make this statement-
it is a truism-—there is no Representative in
Congress unless he comes from a State. _ It
commenced in the Constitution, the original
foundation of the Government. It has con-
tinued there ever since. It is there now. The
State lias iis representatives by two Senators in
the other House; but those who come to this
body represent the people. The people do not
<ret their representation until the State is organ-
fzeil. The' original thirteen had the inherent
power to create themselves into Stare organi-
zations. and the same power was reserved un-
der the'Constitution to the States which may
be admitted by Congress. W here have we had
an instance that this central uovernment goes
to work and makes a government for a State.
The only one I now remember approaching it
in any degree is the ease of Kansas under the
Administration of Buchanan. The Adminis-
tration t.oolc the Leeompton constitution, put
in additions, and gilded them, and then tried
to get the people to send it back; but it was
voted down by an overwhelming majority.
Each State makes its constitution for itself, and
the Government has no business to do in that
work. It has simply to see that the State gov-
ernment shall be republican in form.
" Once a State always a State!" It may be
so for Federal purposes, but.if a State does not
see fit to send any Representatives to Congress,
I do not know how the Government of the Uni-
ted States can force them to send them here.
If a State should refuse to keep up its State or-
ganization, should refuse to elect a Governor, to
elect representatives to their State Legislature,
to elect or appoint judges for their State courts,
or officers for their counties or townships, I do
not know what power the General Government
has to force them to do it. The government is
based upon the will of the people, and if they
are disposed to lose by inaction, if you please,
or by rebellion, their State organization, it is
entirely within their power to do it; and, sir,
whenever a community that has been a State
in this Union, after a lapse either by non-action
or by resistance to the General Government,
comes and asks that its members shall be re-
stored to seats after a long absence, we have
not the power, under the fifth section of the
first article, which I have read, to admit the
members to seats here, and if we should do so,
we would not only bid high for rebellion, but
we would usurp the power of the Government,
we would be trampling the Constitution beneath
our feet which makes that provision ample,
sufficient, and distinct.
That is the view of this subject that was held
by the Thirty-Eighth Congress. We find that
there was a disposition manifested on the part
of that Congress to have the States comeback
into this Union when they should have observed
certain rules and regulations laid dow n as a test
of loyalty. I call attention, for I presume the
country has not been advised as yet as to what
it was, or wdiat was done, or what was its char-
acter, but I call attention to a certain bill which
never became a law, but which passed both
branches of Congress at the first session of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress; and I have some rec-
ords upon that subject. I have tried to procure
the bill precisely, verbatim, as it finally passed
both Houses. I have not succeeded in doing
that, but I have the bill as it passed the House,
and it passed the Senate with some slight
amendments in which the House agreed, and
it became a law as far as it could become _a
law until it went to the President to receive his
signature or veto. Since I could not find the
bill as it passed both branches verbatim. I have
made an abstract of its provisions.
The reconstruction bill, as it passed the
House May 4, 1864, which'was during the first
session of theThirty-Eiglith Congress, provided
very briefly as foliows:
The first section provides for each of the
States declared m rebellion a provisional gov-
ernor, to be appointed, with the advice and
consent of the Senate, by the President,^to be
charged with the civil administration of such
State until a State government is recognized as
thereinafter provided.
The second section provides, so soon as re-
sistance is suppressed and obcdience restored,
for an emollment of citizens and taking the
oath, and if the majority enrolled take the
oath, delegates are to be elected to meet m con-
vention to declare the will of the people rela-
tive to reestablishing State government.
The third section provides for the number oi
delegates to attend the convention—the day
fixed for elections and places of voting by the
Governor.
The fourth section provides who may vote,
and where.
The fifth section provides now the election
shall be conducted. .
The sixth section provides for convening the
delegates, and the place where, and the quali-
fication by oath.
The seventh section provides through the
convention a State constitution, which, -wbex*
recognized by Congress as a government for
the State, Senators and Representatives and
electors for President and Vice President may
be elected.
The bill further provides, on failure of the
first effort to establish a State government ac-
ceptable to Congress, a further means to estab-
lish such a one as will be acceptable.
Such, in brief, is the substance of the bill on
reconstruction. It will be observed that a State
government must be first established before
Senators and Representatives and electors for
President and Vice President may be elected.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to call the attention of
the House to the vote on this question. My
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is
charged with publishing very startling principles
here at the commencement of this Congress.
Now, let us see whether those principles are
entirely new. I am now speaking more par-
ticularly to those members of this House who
were members of the Thirty-Eighth Congress,
because, having been here, and knowing what
was said at the time, and taking part in what
was done, they can state whether I make any
mistake.
The bill of last Congress to which I have re-
ferred was House bill No. 244"; and by refer-
ence to page 624 of the Journal of the House
of Representatives for the first session of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress, it will be found that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] moved the following preamble to the bill:
"Whereas the so-called confederate States are a
public enemy, waging an unjust war, whoseinjustice
is 30 glaring that they have no right to claim the mit-
igation of the extreme rights of war which are ac-
corded by modern usage to an enemy who has aright
to consider the war a just one; and whereas none of
the States which by a regularly recorded majority of
its citizens have joined the so-ealled southern con-
federacy can be considered and treated as entitled to
be represented in Congress to take any part in the
political government of the nation: Therefore,
"Be it enacted," &c., as I have already
stated. A vote was taken upon agreeing to that
preamble, and the yeas and nays were called,
and by examining the record I find that fifty-
seven members of this House voted in favor of
this preamble ; the majority, however, voted
against it. And of those fifty-seven who voted
for that preamble, I find forty who are mem-
bers of this House. The preamble was lost.
Then came the vote on the bill, and I find
from this record that the vote, upon the yeas
and navs, stood 74 in favor of the bill, and 66.
against" it. And of the seventy-four who voted'
in favor of the bill, of which I have given a
synopsis, there were fifty-seven who are now
members of this House, and there are other
members of this House who were then mem-
bers of the House, whose names are not re-
corded upon that bill. My friend from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] was not then present, for I do
not find his vote in either instance. My friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who moved
the preamble, voted for that, but he did not vote
either for or against the bill.
Now. sir, that is a fact of legislative histojy.
That is'something that was done by the Thirty-
Eighth Congress at its first session. It shows
that the true and loyal men in this body be-
lieved that that was the only policy Droper to
be pursued. They were not disposed to
any power : but they believed it required the
Congress of the IT nited States to settle this gi; eat
question of the right of representation, that
is the way this work began, so tar as 1 liave
knowledge of it personally. 'lhat vote settles
the question as to men's acts in reference to
this matter. Who, then, have tried to get up
an issue with the President of the U mted States ?
This bill went to the Senate, and received
the sanction of that body; and there are far
more members in that body now who were m
the Thirty-Eighth Congress than in this body,
in proportion to its numbers. And my onmion
is that if a vote should be taken upon that ques-
tion in that body to-day we should find a ma-
