1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
most of the States prescribe the conditions
under which foreign corporations may exercise
jurisdiction within their limits. We have pro-
vided the usual guards; and I move the pre-
vious question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The' substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. MERCUR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM COOK.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
the recommendation that it do pass, bill of
the Senate No. 277, for the relief of William
Cook.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also*
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
chesapeake amd potomac ca.nal.
Mr. McCULLOUGII, also from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported
back, with the recommendation that it do pass,
bill of the Senate No. 281, to authorize the
Chesapeake and Potomac River Tidewater
Canal Company to enter the District of Colum-
bia and extend their canal to the Anaeostia
river at any point above Benning's bridge.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, pend-
ing which the morning hour expired, and the
bill wont over until Saturday next.
safety of steamboat travel.
Mr. O'NEILL made the following report from
a committee of conference:
Tue committee of conference on the disagrecinc
votes of tile two Houses on the Lull (Xi. it. No. -177)
further to provide for the safety of the lives of pas-
sengers on board of vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam, to regulate the salaries of steamboat
inspectors, having mot, after full and freo confer-
ence have agreed to recommend, and do recommend,
to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives agree to the
'first, second, third, fifth.sixth, seventh, eighth,ninth,
tenth, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, six-
teenth, seventeenth, and twenty-first amendments,
as made by th e Senate.
That the Senate recede from the fourth amend-
ment, with a modification of the clause, as follows:
strike out all after the word "under," in line ten,
section two. and insert in place thereof the words
"anycircumstances;" and that the House agree to
the same.
That the Senate reccde from the eighteenth and
nineteenth amendments.
That thoJHouse agree to the twentieth amendment,
with an amendment as follows : after the words " for
the district of Portland, Oregon, 6700" insert as fol-
lows: "to the supervising inspector of the Pacific
coast, 82,500; to other supervising inspectors, §2,000
each;" and the Senate agree to the same.
Z. CHANDLER,
GEORGE EDMUNDS,
J. Vf. NESA11TH,
Managei s on the part of the Senate.
CHARLES O'NEILL,
D. C. McRUER.
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee of con-
ference was agreed to ; and also moved to lay
the niolion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
messages fltom the president.
Several messages in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States were delivered to the
Hrmse by Mr. Edward Coo pint, his Secretary ;
who also informed the House that the Presi-
dent had approved and signed bills of the fol-
lowing titles :
An act (H. R. No 702) granting a pension
to Mrs. Charlotte E. Reed :
An act (H. R. No. 739) for the relief ofSa-
mantha Rader;
An act (H. R. No. 741) granting a pension
to Jonathan W. Beach; and
An act (H. R. No. 742) for the relief of the
minor children of Salvador Aecardi, decaased.
pkovost marshal general's bureau.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now call up
the report of the select committee appointed
April 30, 1866? to investigate the statements
and charges made by Hon. Roscoe Conkling,
in his place, against Provost Marshal General
Fry and his bureau—whether any frauds have
been perpetrated in his office in connection
with the rccruiting service; also to examine
into the statements made by General Fry in
his communication to Hon. Mr. Blaine, read
in the House.
The resolutions reported by the committee
were read, as follows:
Resolved, That all the statements contained in the
letter of General James B. Fry to Hon. James G.
Blaine, a member of this House, bearing date the
27th of April, A. D. 1866, and which was read in this
House on the 30th of April, A. D. 1866, in so far as
such statements impute to Hon. Roscoe Conkling,
a member of this House, any criminal, illegal, un-
patriotic, or otherwise improper conduct or motives,
either as to the matter of his procuring himself
to be employed by the Government of the United
States in the prosecution of military offenses'in the
State ot New York, in the management of such pros-
ecutions, in taking compensation therefor, or in any
other charge, are wholly without foundation in truth:
and lor their publication there were, in the j udgment
of this House, no facts connected with said prosecu-
tions furnishing cither a palliation or an excuse.
Besolved, That General Fry, an officer of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and head of one of its
military bureaus, in writing and publishing these ac-
cusations named in the preceding resolution, and
which, owing to the crimes and wrongs which they
impute to a member of this body, are of a nature
deeply injurious to the official and personal charac-
ter, influence, and privileges of such member, and
theirpublication originating, as in the judgment ot
the House they did, in no misapprehension of facts,
but in the resentment and passion of their author,
was guilty of a gross violation of the privileges of
such member and of this House, and his conduct in
that regard merits and receives its unqualified dis-
approbation.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I ask for the reading
of the report.
Mr. J OHNSON. I desire to inquire whether -
there is any minority report in this case, or an
objecting report of any kind.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. There is no mi-
nority report. This is the unanimous report
of the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. Unless some one contro-
verts the report, I do not think the time of the
House should be taken up with reading an
elaborate report.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I asked for the read-
ing, as I supposed it was a matter of right.
The SPE AKER. Any member has the right
to have the report read.
The.Clerk read the report, as follows:
The sclect committee, appointed April 30,1866, to
investigate the statements and charges made by Hon.
Roscoe Conkling, in hisplace, against Provost Mar-
shal General Fry andhisbure&u—whetheranyfrauds
have been perpetra ted in his office in connection with
the recruitmgserviee; also to examine into the state-
ments made by General Fry in his communication
to Hon. Mr. Blaine, read in the Ilou&e, having com-
pleted their labors as to one branch of their investi-
gation, submit the following report:
When your committee was about to enter upon the
performance of the duties enjoined upon it by the
orders of the House it became apparent that a full
inve^tUration of all matters embraced within the
scope of its authority could not be completed during
the present session of Congress. In view of the time,
labor, and public expense necessarily involved in
the periormance of the work, your committee had
under consideration the propriety of making a pre-
liminary report to the House, setting forth the mag-
nitude of the task assigned to it, and asking for
further instructions in the premises. But in con-
sideration of the fact that the character of a member
of tha House of Representatives had been publicly
assailed with serious charges in a letter emanating
from the headof an important bureau of the Govern-
ment, addressed to another member of the House of
Representatives and by him caused to be read to the
House, and thus made a part of the published and
permanent record of its proceedings, we deemed that
it was the privilege of the member thus gravely
charged, and due also to the House itself, that your
committee should proceed withoutdelay to the inves-
tigation of at least that branch of the ease which
relates to the charges preferred by Provost Mar-
shal General Fry against Hon. Roscoe Conkling.
Your committee did this the more readily, as the
member thus charged pleaded and insisted upon his
privilege to have an early investigation of that
bianch of the case, and no objection was interposed
by anv pm ty to its separate con* iuevatiou and prompt
decision, leaving the remaining branch of the inves-
tigation relating to the conduct jf the Bureau of the
Provost Marshal General to the future action of the
committee.
# Your committee, therefore, as will appear in the
journal of its proceedings, have thus far confined
their investigation to the charges against Mr. Conk-
ling contained in the letter of General Fry to Mr.
Blainb, and excluded, all testimony bearing upon
the conduct of General Fry as Provost Marshal Gen-
eral, except so far as that was deemed necessary to a
full investigation of the charges against Mr. Conk-
ling. The testimony touching the Hoboken credits
and the disposal of the $54,000 bounty money arising
theretrom was admitted to show, as was alleged, a
settled purpose on the part of General Fry to injure
Mr. Conkling, dating back long anterior to the
Blaine letter, and evinced by his alleged attempt to
procure by a corrupt bargain testimony to be used,
against Mr. Conkling in relation to certain alleged
frauds in the Utica district of the State of New York.
Your committee deemed it a legitimate subject of
inquiry to investigate to that extent the motive of
General Fry, and its connection, if any, with the an-
imus which prompted the letter to Mr. Blaine, Both
parties were therefore allowed full opportunity to
introduce testimony relating to that point.
The first statement of the letter of General Fry to
be investigated under the rule adopted by the com-
mittee is as follows;
41 In the summerof 1863 Mr. CoNKLiNGmade a ease
for himself by telegraphing to the War Department
that the provostmarshalof his district required legal
advice, which he was hereupon empowered to give/'
The committee understand this charge to be that
Mr. Conkling secured his own employment profes-
sionally by thcDepartment, by telegraphing that the
provost marshal of his district required legal advice,
and that his motive and object in transmitting the
dispatch was to secure such employment. Unless this
is the meaning of the words of the letter, there is no
significance at all to be attached to them,in theeon-
nection in which they are used. The evidence shows
that, in the latter part of July, 1863, a man named
Hobson was arrested in the twenty-first district of
New York as a deserter. A writ of habeas corpus was
issued by Judge Bacon, justice of the supreme court,
and placed in the hands of the sheriff of Oneida
county. A return wasmade by the offieerhaving the
deserter in custody, which return showed that the
man was held by the military authorities as a deserter
from the military service of the United States. This
return was adjudged insufficient by the judge who
issued the writ, and a writ of attachment was ordered
and issued against the officer for declining to biing
thedescrter beforethejudge, in obedience to thewrit
of habeas corpus. A directeonftict had arisen between
the military authorities of the United States and the
authorities of the State of New York, in reference to
which very great excitement had arisen among the
people of the district. The district attorney was ab-
sent. Mr. Kernan, the Representative from that dis-
trict, had been engaged as counsel against the Gov-
ernment, and the danger of a collision between the
national and State authorities was immediate and
palpable. In the emergency, and acting at the request
and upon advice of eminent citizens of the district,
Mr. Conkling sent to the Secretary of War the fol-
lowing dispatch;
"In the absence of all of us who could aid him pro-
fessionally, the provost marshal here was served with
a habeas corpus to produce a deserter; he obeyed the
order not to produce, and so returned. The judge held
this insufficient, and issued attachment. He tele-
graphed the district attorney and his assistant. They
are absent and engaged. What shall we do ?
14 R. CONKLING."
It will be observed that the dispatch does not in-
form the Secretary of War that the provost marshal
required legal advice, but was a succinct statement
of the actual state of facts, and a request that the Sec-
retary should directwhatshowldbe donein an emer-
gency which excited the apprehensions of the friends
of the Government. In the opinion of the committee,
Mr. Conkling did only what he was fully justified in
doing in this matter, and there is no evidence tend-
ing, however remotely, to show that in in sending
the dispatch he was influenced by any merely per-
sonal motive.
The second statement ofGcncral Fry's letter which
has claimed the attention of the committee is as fol-
lows:
"In April, 1865, Mr. Charles A. Dana, then Assistant
Secretary of War, without notifying me, had Mr.
Conkling appointed to investigate all frauds in en-
listments in western New York, with the stipulation
that he should be commissioned judgoadvocatc for
the prosecution of any cases brought to trial, and he
was appointed to prosecute before a general court-
martiiil Major J. A. Haddock.
"Mr. Dana vested him, by several orders issued in
the name ot the Secretary of War, without the sanc-
tion of Mr. Stanton, with the most extraordinary
powers. Among these was the rierht to examine the
dispatches in all the telegraph offices in the western
division of New York, which enabled a violation of
the sanctity of personal and business correspond-
ence."
In another part of the letter Mr. Dana is spoken
of as the friend of Mr. Conkling ; and the committee
understand the imputation of this portion of the let-
ter to be, that Mr. Dana, of his own motion, without
notice to General Fry, and without the sanction of
the Secretary of War, and by some mamujement or
understandingbetwe.en Mr. DanaandMr. Conkling,
appointed Mr. Conkling to investigate frauds m en-
listments in western New York, and vested him with
extraordinary powers.
It has been proved before the eommitee by the tes-
timony of the Secretary of War that about the 00th
of March, 1865, the Secretary of War directed Mr.
