1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2975
mitted to the House on a former day. Some
strictures, I understand, were made upon ray
remarks on yesterday by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Dumoxt.] I do not know that
I feel called upon to reply to the gentleman
from Indiana, for several reasons. First, be-
cause I was unavoidably absent from the House
when he made my remarks the text for his dis-
cussion ; secondly, because his remarks are not
printed in the Globe to-day, and I have, there-
fore, no authoritative version of what he did
say; and thirdly, if the tenor of his remarks
was of the character which has been privately
reported to me, I do not think that I am called
upon to make any reply to them. I do not
think that I owe it either to myself or to this
House to make any reply to them. I suppose,
indeed 1 have no doubt, that the gentleman
displayed the usual characteristics of his wit and
indulged in the usual refined style of rhetoric
which 1 have listened to from him before in
this House, and I have no doubt the House
enjoyed the performance as much as it usually
does upon those occasions.
I have, however, a few remarks to make in
reply to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Paine,] who, I very much regret to see, is not
in his seat, and who, I much more regret to
hear from the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. Sciikxck,] is detained from his seat by
indisposition. I desired to submit some re-
marks to him, because I know that ho is a gen-
tleman who is careful in what he says, who can
appreciate the language of laws, who knows
the force and effect of law, and who will
not dismiss from the discussion the laws of the
United States with the flippancy which substi-
tutes attempted wit for argument.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Wisconsin
takes issue with me in regard to the law on the
subject of rations. Sir, I do not profess to
know much about the practice in reference to
this matter in the Army. I have not had the
benefit of the experience upon that subject
which many gentlemen in this House have had.
I cannot speak with any authority with refer-
ence to the practice, but I beg the House to
believe that I have not spoken upon this sub-
ject without having examined the law which is
applicable to it. And by the side of that law
I do not care what your Army Regulations are,
which are a mere abstract made up in the bu-
reaus and bound together, their various parts
often conflicting with one another. I care not
what those regulations may be. The law per-
mits an officer to draw rations in kind, and
there is no authority in this Government to
refuse that privilege to him in the face of the
law which secures it to him.
Now, the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Du-
mont,] if I am correctly informed, says that I
spoke upon this subject without knowing any-
thing about it. Sir, I do not profess to know
so much about military affairs as the gentle-
man from Indiana, but I do profess to know
the meaning of a statute which is written upon
the face of the • statute-book of the United
States, when there is nothing ambiguous in its
terms, and I tell the gentleman from Indiana
that I can trace upon the statute-book of the
United States from the year 1790 down to the
year 1863 this provision which he denies to be
law.
I have upon my notes reference to no less
than twenty-five acts of Congress which either
directly or by reference to former statutes place
that provision in our laws. The very last one,
that of 18(51, adopts and incorporates in the
provisions of the laws which regulate the Army
the very provision of the act of 1802, which
aet is the foundation of the law now regulating
the Army of the United States, although it may
be sneered at because it is more than forty
years old.
Sir, the act which made the slave trade piracy
is more than forty years old, but I suppose that
no gentleman upon this floor would have the
hardihood to contend that it has been repealed
because it was passed in 1820.
I wish now to turn for a moment to the lan-
guage of these laws; and the first to which I
will refer is the aet of 1790, the seventh sec-
tion of which expressly says that "the com-
missioned officers aforesaid shall be entitled to
receive for their daily subsistence the following
ration of provisions, to wit.'' The law then goes
on to give the araGunt of provisions to which each
officer shall be entitled, and then it adds, "or
money in lieu thereof, at the option of the said
officer." That was the law in 1790, after the
adoption of the Constitution, when the first Army
of the United States was ox-ganized. There are
twenty-five subsequent acts of Congress which
retain that provision. They are as follows:
April 30,1790; March 3, 1791; March 5, 1792;
May 9, 1794; March 3, 1795; May 30, 1790;
May 28, 1798; July 10, 1798; March 2. 1799;
March 3,1799; March 16,1802; April 12,180S;
January 2, 1812; January 11, 1812; January
29. 1813 ; March 3, 1815; March 2, 1821; June
15, 1832; May 23, 183C; July 5, 1838; May 19,
184G; February 11, 1847; February 21, 1857 ;
July 29, 18B1.
In 1802 there was a general reorganization
of the Army, and the provisions of the aet of
1802 are, by references in all Subsequent acts,
made the foundation far the present organiza-
tion of the Army of the United States, and the
provisions of that law are, in most respects, the
present existing provisions of law in reference
to the Army of the United States, made so by
express reference and incorporation of those
provisions in later laws.
The act of 1802 provides that—
" The commissioned officer? aforesaid shall he enti-
tled to receive for their daily sub.-istence the follow-
ing number of lations of piovisions."
It then goes on to give the number of rations
to which each officer shall be entitled; and
then it adds:
"Or money in lien thereof at the option of said
officer or cadet."
In the year 1808, when the Army was again
reorganized, the same provision was incorpo-
rated in the law with this addition:
" That the subsistence of the officers of the Army,
when not in kind, shall bo estimated at twenty-five
cents per ration."
The act of 1857, as we all know, raised the
commutation price of rations to thirty cents.
Now, sir, I cannot, in the limited time allotted
to me by the courtesy of the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, go through all
these various acts of Congress, and I should
probably weary the patience of the House if 1
undertook to do so.
Finally, I desire to call the attention of the
House to the act of 1801, entitled "An aet to
increase the present military establishment of
the United States." That was an aet passed in
the beginning of the war to put down the rebel-
lion. That act declares—
"That all officers and enlisted men raised in pur-
suance of tho foregoing sections shall rceeive the
same pay, emoluments, and allowances, and be on
the same footing, in every respect, of those of the
corresponding grades and corps now in the regular
service."
The SPEAKER. The time for which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck] yielded
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Thayer] has expired.
Mr. THAYER. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio will yield to me a few minutes more,
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will rec-
ollect that the reason he gave me for yielding
in the first place to him was that he desired to
reply to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dumoxt.] But he appears not to be doing so
now.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman must ob-
serve that I am addressing my remarks directly
to the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; I will yield to
the gentleman five minutes more.
Mr. THAYER. Those provisions, which
were in the act of 1802, and which I have said
now constitute the basis of the organization of
the Army, have, so far as the subject I am con-
sidering is concerned, been incorporated into
every law which has since been passed upon
that subject.
In order to refute this position the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] quoted a
foot-note from the edition of the revised Army
Regulations, published in 1803, which foot-
note says:
" Subsistence stores will not be issued to officers,
nor to their servants, unless they are enlisted men,
and are so reported on tho officer's account and pay-
roll."
Now, of how much force is that? Turn to
page 308 of the same book and you will see
printed the certificate which the officer is bound
by the rules of the Department to sign before
he can draw his pay. That certificate begins
thus:
"I hereby certify that the foregoing account is
aeeuratc and just; that I have not been absent with-
out leave during any part of the time charged for;
that I have not received pay, nor drawn rations,
forage, or clothing in kind," &c.
That is what he is bound to certify before
he can get his pay, and that is in the same vol-
ume of regulations which contains the foot-
note which the gentleman from Wisconsin read
to show that he cannot draw his rations in
kind.
Now, these discrepancies are very easily
accounted for. The portions of the Regula-
tions relating to tho different bureaus are
made up in those different bureaus. That
relating to the commissary department is made
up in the commissary bureau ; that relating to
the quartermaster's department is made up in
the quartermaster's bureau; that relating to
the pay department, in the paymaster's
bureau, and so on in regard to the different
bureaus. And these abstracts thus prepared
in the diCerent bureaus are bound together
and form what are called the "Revised Army
Regulations." But they are the mere obser-
vations of officers of the various bureaus put
in the shape of notes to the text of the Reg-
ulations. They arc of no consequence so far
as changing the law is concerned. Will any
man undertake to say that he can abrogate
an act of Congrees by merely putting a feot-
liote in the hook of Army Regulations?
I declare that that which T say to be the law
upon this subject is the existing law, and all
the commissaries and quartermasters and pay-
masters in the world, who, in their compila-
tions of the Army Regulations should put in a
thousand foot-notes contradicting the express
law upon that subject, are impotent to change
the law. I have here another copy of the Re-
vised Army Regulations, and on page 208 I
find this note:
" If rations are drawn for a commissioned officer
on this return, his name, rank, regiment, and corps
must be mentioned in the remarks."
Now, these facts show conclusively to any-
body who will examine the law, that what I
have stated upon this subject has been cor-
rectly stated. That has been the law from the
first organization of the Army. I do not say
that the practice of the Government has been
uniform. The variation from the law may,
perhaps, be due to that departmental legisla-
tion to which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciiexck] referred in his remarks the other
day. Tho subsistence department, in order
to avoid the trouble of issuing rations in kind
to officers, may have put that foot-note into
the Army Regulations which has so utterly
misled the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Paixe,] and by which he has been so com-
pletely victimized.
It must be clear to anybody who will exam-
ine the law that the provision to which I have
referred relating to officers' rations still consti-
tutes a part of the law relating to the military
service of the United States. I venture to say
that no sensible person will undertake to dis-
pute that who has carefully examined the law
upon the subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will now yield ten or
fifteen minutes to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Dumoxt.]
Mr. DUMONT._ Mr. Speaker, I do not
desire to occupy either ten or fifteen minutes
in replying to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Thayek.] He seems to be in-
clined to believe that I have inflicted some
