2010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
be amended, by inserting the word " unani-
mously." I do not know of any opposition
to it.
Mr, JOHNSON". I move to-insert the word
"unanimously."
Mr. WILSON. That will render it neces-
sary to send the resolution back to the House.
Mr. CONNESS. That will not delay it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. DoolIt-
tm; in the chair.) The Chair is informed that
it is not usual to insert the word "unani-
mously " in a joint resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. It can appear on our
Journal that it passed unanimously.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will ap-
pear on the Journal that it was passed unani-
mously bv the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
soldiers' national asylum.
Mr. WILSON. There are two or three other
small matters reported from the Committee on
Military -Affairs that I desire to dispose of. I
move to take up the joint resolution (H. R. No.
108) appointing managers for the National
Asylum for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution, which proposes
to appoint the following persons managers of
the National Asylum for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers, under the provisions and conditions
af the, third seetion.of the act approved March
23,1866: Richard J. Oglesby of Illinois, Beu-
jamin F. Butler of Massachusetts, and Fred-
erick Smyth of New Hampshire, of the first
class, to serve six years; Lewis B. Gunckel of
Ohio, Jay Cooke of Pennsylvania, and P.
Joseph Osterhaus of Missouri, of the second
class,to serve four years; John H. Martindale
of New York, Horatio G. Stebbins of Califor-
nia, and George H. Walker of Wisconsin, ef
the third class, to serve two years.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
Senate joint resolution (S. R. No. -57) appoint-
ing a board of managers for the National Mili-
tary Asylum, which has been reported upon
adversely by the Committee on Military Affairs,
with a view to move its indefinite postponement
in order to get it off the Calendar.
The motion to take up the joint resolution
was agreed to.
- Mr. WILSON. I move that it be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
REV. HARRISON HEERMANCE.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up
House joint resolution No. 107.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (*H. R. No. 107)
for the relief of Rev. Harrison Heermance,
late chaplain of the one hundred and twenty-
eighth regiment New York volunteers. It re-
quires the Paymaster General of the Army to
adjust and pay the account of Rev. Harrison
Heermance, late chaplain of the one hundred
and twenty-eighth regiment of New York vol-
unteers, for such period as it shall appear that
he actually rendered service as chaplain of the
regiment, and for which he received no pay
by reason of defective muster, or otherwise,
through no fault of his own.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have the report read.
Mr. WILSON. This resolution came from
the House of Representatives. There is no
report accompain ing it, but the facts are these:
this gentleman was appointed chaplain of a
regiment, and went out and served with it three
or four months, and has never received any
compensation for his services. It is stated by
those who are conversant with the case, among
others a member of the House of Represent-
atives who served in the Army, that this gen-
tleman was a most excellent man, performed
good service, and everything in the case ia
supposed to be correct.
Mr. GRIMES. Why do you not make a
report, so that we may have it upon record ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there no report from
the House?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir ; but I have stated
the facts. It appears that this gentleman was
appointed by the Governor of New York chap-
lain of the one hundred and twenty-eighth regi-
ment of New York volunteers, went into the
field, and served for nearly four months; but
when the time came for him to receive his pay,
notice was given by the War Department that
by the strict letter of the law he was not enti-
tled to pay because he had not been recom-
mended, before the appointment had been
made, bv the officers of the regiment, although
those officers and everybody concerned, as I
understand, were satisfied with his appoint-
ment. General Ketcham, of New York, who
knows the man, the regiment, and the case,
says it is a most meritorious case.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to the
passage of the bill that I know of, but I must
protest against this rule of calling upon the
Senate to pass upon bills of this kind without
any written report. Up to the last four years,
such a thing as asking the Senate to pass a bill
under such circumstances as these was never
heard of. I trust, if the Committee on Military
Affairs are going to take jurisdiction of private
claims of this description, that they will at least
furnish us a record of them so that we may
know from session to session upon what prin-
ciple we are acting.
Mr. WILSON. If any member of the Senate
desires to have the matter go over, I have no
objection. The bill'came to us from the House
of Representatives without a report, bi^t I am
willing to recommit it to the committee in order
to have a written report made on the subject.
I have stated the facts of the case.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will move to postpone
the pending and all prior orders with a view to
take up the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr.WILSON. Will the Senator allow me to
recommit this bill for the purpose of having
a written report made?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I move to recommit the bill
for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. T now move to postpone
all prior orders and take up House bill No.
280, the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
done. There is a bill that has been partly
considered, of a very important character, that
o-ight to be passed. Igst letters about it every
day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can assure the Senator
that this bill will take but a short time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill to which I refer
is the one in relation to the habeas corpus. It
is a bill to protect Union men in the South,
and I think it ought to be acted upon. I im-
agine every member of the Senate would be
willing to vote for it in some form.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that I have
been requested to call up this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose it is
of any importance to pass this appropriation
bill now.
Mr. SHERMAN. We desire to hurry on
their engrossment. We wish to put the appro-
priation bills forward.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a bill to make
appropriations for the next fiscal year.
Mr. SHERMAN. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance requested me to call it up.
It will occupy but a few moments. I appre-
hend it will only take the time occupied in
r&ding the bill. It is very short.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator persists
in his motion I will not antagonize with him,
but this other bill has been up, and I suppose
it is of no sort of importance whether the Post
Office appropriation bill passes now or a month
hence: it will certainly pass at some time.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take but a few
minutes to dispose of it, and as I have the floor
I insist on my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will probably pre-
vent our considering the other bill to-day.
The motion of Mr. Sherman- was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 280)
making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1867, and for other
purposes. '
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with amendments. The first amendment waa
in section two, line five, after the word "ap-
propriated," to strike out the words "to take
effect so soon as Brazil shall have performed
the condition on her part provided in the law
authorizing said service," and at the end of
line nine to add the following proviso :
Provided. That this appropriation shall take effect
only when Brazil shall have performed the condition
on her part provided in the law authorizing said
service.
So that the section will read :
Sec. 2. And be it farth&r enacted, Thatthe following
sums, or so much thereof as may be necessary, be, ana
the same are hereby, appropriated for the year end-
ing June 3d, 1867, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated: .
For the mail steamship service between the United
States and Brazil, $15U,OG0: Provided, That this ap-
propriation shall take effect only when Brazil shall
have performed the condition on her part provided
in the law authorizing said service.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as an addi-
tional section the following:
Snc. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and is hereby, required to report
to the Secretary of the Treasury annually, prior to
the 1st day of November of each year, his estimate
of the money required for the service of the Post
Qffiee Department for the ensuing fiseal year; which
estimate shall be reported to Congress with the
printed estimates of appropriations required by the
joint resolution of the 7th of January, 1846.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to offer another amend-
ment; to add as an additional section the fol-
lowing :
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the balance
of the appropriation of SIO&OOO under the thirteenth
scction of the aet "to establish a postal money-order
system," approved May 17,18G4 which may remain
unexpended at the conclusion of the current fiseal
year, may be used, as far as necessary, to supply de-
ficiencies in the proceeds of the money-order system
during the fiseal year commencing July 1, I860.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offer as an amend'
ment, to insert as an additional section the
following :
And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which
persons have been appointed as assistant postmas-
ters, either during the session or the recess of the
Senate, and whose appointments have been submitted
to the Senate and rejected or notconsented to before
the adjournment of tbe Senate, no money shall be
drawn from the Treasury to pay the salary of such
person, under such appointment, or under any pre-
vious appointment as such postmaster, after said
adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Two or three of the At-
torneys General—I forget who they were—and
the President has acted upon it from time to
time, have held that an appointment made
during the recess continues up to the close of
the next succeeding session, whether the nom-
ination has been submitted to the Senate and
rejected or not. This is the received opinion-
now of the Government, and has been acted
upon from the days of General Washington,
I believe, but certainly from the days of Mr.
John Quincy Adams; but this amendment, if
I understand it, holds a doctrine^ directly the.
reverse of that.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir. The salary
may be paid until the adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of
the amendment again. Perhaps I did not
understand it.
The Secretary read the amendment. .
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will
observe that the last words of th© amendment
