2976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 5,
wrong upon him. I am not conscious of having
done so. Such a thing never entered^ into my
imagination. Eveiything I said was in entire
kindness toward him. My remarks may not
have been in the exact strain which the gentle-
man himself would have used; but the style
of those remarks was my own, and I do not
know how to use any other style than that
•which a kind Providence has given to me.
Now, the Regulations of the Army declare
in so many words that commutation of subsist-
ence shall be drawn. Another section of the
Regulations declares that officers may purchase
subsistence from the commissary department
at the contract price therefor, deducting trans-
portation, upon filing a certain certificate. The
gentleman says that he does not care anything
. about the Regulations; that he goes back to
the statute. He does not seem to know that
the Regulations themselves are by an express
statute made the laws of the land. The gen-
tleman also says that the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] is careful about what he
states; that he does not indulge in waggery;
that he knows what he talks about. Well, I
incline to believe that such is the case, and that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania would im-
prove very much by being governed by the
same rule. There is a statute passed by Con-
gress declaring, in so many words, the Regula-
tions of the Army to be the law of the land;
and I do not care how much the gentleman
goes back to the year 1800 or the year 1705 to
hunt up old obsolete statutes which have been
IGDGQilsd.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. DUMONT. Yes, sir.
Mr. THAYER. T desire to ask the gentle-
man whether he can point to any statute which
repeals the provision which has been the sub-
ject of controversy. The gentleman says it
has been repealed; I desire to know by what
statute.
Mr. DUMONT. By the Regulations.
Mr. THAYER. Then I will ask the gentle-
man by what clause of the Regulations; because
it will not, I suppose, be protended that a mere
foot-note added by an officer is a regulation.
Mr. DUMONT. There is no foot-note about
it. The provision referred to has been repealed
by the clause that comes in contact with it.
When two laws eomc in conflict with each
other the latter law, accouling to all the adju-
dications in the lend, repeals the former.
The gentleman may say that these Regulations
are made by Army ollicers. That does not
make any kind of difference if Congress after-
ward adopts them. I do not care who made
them—if they were made by an old woman, if
they were made by the most humble man in
"Washington city — if Congress afterward by
solemn enactment adopts them as the law of
the land they are the law of the land, notwith-
standing the gentleman may talk about " foot-
notes."
The gentleman from Pennsylvania has been
very kind to me. On one occasion he yielded
tlio floor to me, giving me an opportunity to
make a speech out of my turn. 1 felt exceed-
ingly grateful to the gentleman for that; and
the last thing which 1 would have wished to do
was to show my ingratitude by inflicting a wrong
upon him. I understand this whole thing. The
gentleman was led into some errors. I acknowl-
edge him to bo a good lawyer, one of the ablest
in the land; but lie was led into some errors by
yielding a too credulous ear to those who mis-
represented the facts. And now the gentleman
has been led into additional blunders bjr having
what I said reported to him in an offensive
sense. You, Mr. Speaker, heard the few crude
remarks that I took occasion to make yester-
day. I do not pretend that they had much
merit; I do not pretend that they were what
they ought to have been; I do not pretend that
they were what they would have been if they
had come from the classic lips of the gentleman
who has taken offense at them. But they were
just what I believed to be appropriate to the
bill.
Sir, a person who could not understand a
word of the English language heard two per-
sons engaged in a discussion in that language.
He went away and said that a particular one
of the parties had proved victorious; he had
no kind of doubt about it. " Why," it _was
asked, "how did you find out which was victo-
rious? You could not understand a word that
either of them said." His reply was this:
" Why. one of them got mad, and I knew then
that he was whipped." [Laughter.]
The gentleman did get mad, and there is no
use of disguising it. There is no need of going
round the bush. There is no use of being
mealy-mouthed about it. He went from one
blunder to another on this subject, and it was
the bounden duty of any sworn member of the
House, in answering him, to refer to the mis-
takes which he had maije. I did it as a man,
and I profess to be as ftiuch of a man as any
on this part of God's footstool. I intend so
to act on all occasions.
I did not do it with any view of being offen-
sive to the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I
entertain no unkind feelings for him, none
whatever. I confined my remarks to those
which ho had made in regard to the Army. I
entertain no unkind feelings for him, because I
presume that he has been led astray by those
who heard my remarks and were inclined to
get him to pitch into me. [Laughter.] I have
now said all that I desire.
Mr. SCHENCK. I insist on the demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Before proceeding to
close the debate I will yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Maine.
nebraska war debt.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported
back the memorial of the Legislative Assem-
bly of Nebraska, to reimburse that Territory
for money expended in raising troops, &c.;
and moved that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
The motion was agreed to.
pay of the army—again.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I regret the
absence of my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Paine,] as I was desirous he should make
some reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer.] However,
I do not know I can better supply what he
would have said than by asking the Clerk to
read the letter which he has sent notifying me
it would be impossible for him to be present
to vote, as he wished, for this bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, D. C., June 5,1886.
My Dear Gexeral: I very much regret that I
cannot bo present to vote for your Army bill this
afternoon. I would certainly be there if it wtjro pos-
sible, but cannot believe that the House will vote
down so just a measure, thereby declaring its ap-
proval of the policy which lias hitherto made light-
ing and service with troops not the highest, but
rather a secondary duty for officers of the Army.
At present it is mortifying to see how they scram-
ble for clorkships.
Vcry truly yours, II. E. PAINE.
Mr. SCHENCK. That isjustit. We have
introduced a bill here to make the compensa-
tion to be afforded to the different classes of
the Army of the United States, classed, I mean,
by their employment, if not more favorable, at
least equal, for those who are serving actively
in the field with troops to the pay which is
given to those who are engaged in bureaus or
at headquarters, or in recruiting in cities and
towns, where their services are more allied to
those of civil life. The resistance made to this
bill is a resistance made in behalf of those who
are pursuing rather civil avocations and against
those who are following the active duties of
their profession, serving with troops in the
field. That is the broad line of distinction
between those who support this bill and those
who oppose it. I am not at all unwilling to
stand by the bill in the form in which we have
now submitted it.
There has been a great deal said in the prog-
ress of this discussion—and the House will bear
me witness that I have been willing there
should be the fullest and fairest discussion
allowed—which has little to do with the bill
itself or the particular prineipls involved in its
consideration. All that the gentleman has
said just now about the ration, with due defer-
ence to his opinion, valuable as it usually is, I
submit has nothing to do with the real question
at issue. The ration, whether it can be drawn
in kind or whether it cannot be drawn in kind,
as we know is the construction and practice
under the law which forbids it, or whether it
be paid in the shape of commutation, as it now
is, in lieu of tlio ration in kind, is in fact, in
assuming the form of money, nothing more
than so much money added to the salary of an
officer, and the question is whether we shall
continue to pay the salary of an officer in that
shape.
Gentlemen have referred to this bill as one
that has not come before the House with the
unanimous indorsement or assent of the com-
mittee who reported it. With that I apprehend
the House has little to do. It must_ have had
the assent of a majority of that committee when
a quorum was present for the transaction of
business, as 1 know it did. Although, to my
surprise, my colleague on the committee, [Mr.
Blaine,] who did not attend during the dis-
cussion before the committee, in order to give
us the benefit of his valuable suggestions there,
opposes the bill now in the House, and although
the intimation comes from one other member
of the committee that he is opposed to it, }'et
it is reported with the cordial and hearty assent
of at least a very considerable majority of the
committee from which it came.
But I do not suppose it is a matter of opin-
ion with gentlemen in this House whether they
shall sustain a bill or not according as that
opinion is strengthened by the assent or dis-
sent of this, that, or the other person. We
do not put the bill on that ground. We pre-
sent it upon its merits before the House as
containing a wholesome reform, as providing
for the abandonment of a vicious system which
has long prevailed, in order to introduce in its
stead a better system for the payment of officers
of the Army.
We are met next with the intimation that
this bill has its origin in certain prejudices or
cunning and sinisterpurposes or concealed mo-
tives on the part of those who introduced and
who sustain it here, and that it is in fact but a
covert attack upon somebody—West Point, for
instance, or the regular Army—and not really
a measure in the interest of the Government
at all. I have no reply to make to sucli impu-
tations as those. They are unworthy of those
who make them and undeserving of answer.
Those who impute low or malicious motives
I have always found to be influenced by such
motives themselves. They therefore speak
from a sort of consciousness of what they
themselves might do under like circumstances.
I say again, we put this bill before the House
on its merits. We wish to introduce a reform
in the manner of payment of the Army, and
although the abuse sought to be reformed is
one which has not only lasted for many years,
but has gone on step by step enlarging and
increasing in strength, I find in that fact only
a further argument for applying the hand of
reform, and I trust it will be successfully
applied now.
Sir, it is not opinion that gentlemen who
have opposed this bill have found in their way
or in the way of their arguments. The diffi-
culty with them is that they have been met
at every point by facts in regard to existing
abuses, by facts in regard to the present mode
of payment, by facts in regard to the oppor-
tunity for abusing that mode of payment.
Their difficulty is therefore not in our putting
authority against authority, but in our inter-
posing facts in proof of the abuse in answer
to all their citations of authority.
But let us look at their citations. _ Gentle-
men inquire, who has asked for this bill? And
