1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
institutions of the country. There will be no
danger then and no doubt as to the successful
termination of all our troubles.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, in briefly stating, during the short time
which is allowed me, the reasons which shall
induce my vote upon this question, I shall not
enter into a discussion of the merits of the prop-
osition. I feel that in speaking I am actuated
by no political consideration or influence of as-
sociation, nor am I disposed to discuss the ques-
tion with any unkind feeling toward the source
from which it emanates.
My objection to the adoption of the proposed
amendment to the Constitution I base simply
upon tjxe fact that the States in part to- be af-
fected by it, and the States hereafter to conform
to it as the fundamental law of the country, are
not here present to„ participate in the consid-
eration and the action by which it is to become
the law of the land. We are without the Rep-
resentatives from eleven States, and it is pro-
posed to make this binding upon them as a part
of the Constitution of the country. The affirm-
ative action of a portion of those eleven States
are necessary to the adoption of this amend-
ment before it can become a part of the organic
law. That twenty-seven States are necessary
to the adoption of a constitutional amendment
cannot successfully be gainsaid by any gentle-
man on this floor. The Supreme Court of the
United States have over and over again de-
-clared that these States are not only now in the
Union, but they never have been out of the
Union. Moreover, the present Executive,
adopting the views of his predecessor, declares,
under the seal of the Secretary of State, that
twenty-seven States are required. And it will
be impossible for this House or for the judi-
ciary of this country to determine contrary to
the explicit decisions of the Supreme Court
and the firm and almost unanimous belief of
the people of the country.
Again, I desire that any amendment to the
Constitution shall be participated in by those
who are loyal in the late rebel States. Sir, we
give them just ground to reject any amendment
adopted by this Congress if we decline to give
them participation in the discussion and action
upon it here. And our mouths will be closed
to any complaint that we might hereafter make
to a rejection of these amendments wholesale
on the part of the late rebel States. Why are
they not represented here? I do not appeal in
behalf of disloyal men. I do not want any
rebels here. That is not the position of those
who oppose this amendment. Bat we do say
that the Congress of the United States having
clearly established the principle that these States
are States in the Union, when they come here
with loyal Representatives prepared to take the
oath which the law prescribes, and which you
and I have taken, it is revolutionary, it is un-
just, to refuse them admission, ft never will
meet the approval of the American people to
deny them that representation. For myself I
go no further than to demand here the admis-
sion of Representatives from loyal people, who
are loyal themselves, who have ever been loyal
and who comc here competent and willing to
subscribe to the oath which we all of us, have
taken. No further do 1 go.
Now, sir, some gentlemen have said here
that they desire to examine into the character
of the constitution of the State of Tennessee
and other States, to see whether they ore re-
publican in form. You have been telling the
American people that for three long months.
Does it take three months to read the consti-
tution of the State of Tennessee? No, sir:
you hang your opposition simply upon a techni-
cality, a legal objection which is not logical in
law, and one which is in violation of common
sense. Sir, the American people desire that
these loyal people of the South shall be repre-
sented here by loyal persons. 1 believe, from
information that 1 have, that ninety-nine out of
every one hundred of the people of the South
are now truly loyal and intend hereafter to be
true citizens of the country. Believing that, I
claim for them simply the right of represent-
:!!)th Coxii. 1st Sim*.--N"n. f>7.
1057
ation; they are now taxed. Taxes being levied
upon them, representation should not be denied.
Gentlemen may say that this question of rep-
resentation and taxation is a mere make-weight
argument. I tell them that it is a vital and fun-
damental principle of our Government. It is
the principle which made the thirteen colon-
ies seek a separation from the mother country,
and it is lodged as clearly, as intensely, and as
deeply in the American min.d as any other prin-
ciple of our Government. In the advocacy of
these principles, I, as one of the Opposition
here, am led into association with the Presi-
dent of the United States. Sir, in the language
of Henry Clay, when twitted by his friend dur-
ing the pendency of the compromise measures
of 1850 for his association and cooperation at
that period with the Democracy, who then said
he was willing to join with any party or men
who desired the continued peace and prosperity
of the country, without regard to their antece-
dents, I say to you, gentlemen, that I am will-
ing to associate with anybody, whether he be a
Republican or a Democrat, or what not, re-
gardless of what his antecedents may have been;
all 1 want to know is that he is now advocating
a full and faithful restoration of the Union. In
doing this I am not impelled by any desire to
secure office either for myself or my friends,
but by principles which I have always regarded
as sound and just. The majority here need not
think that because we advocate or the people
approve of the policy of the President we or
they want offices.
I firmly believe to-day that if every man here
representing a Democratic constituency were to
array himself against the policy of the President
in restoring the Union, that the masses of the
American people whom they represent would
repudiate them. It is not bccause he is Andrew
Johnson that we sustain him ; it is because the
policy that he has recommended meets the ap-
proval of the people that they support him;
they support him from the purest and most
patriotic motives; their cup of patriotism is full
in that respeet. I have neveryet, hereorelse-
where, defended rebels, nor have I been in any
respect the advocate of the rebellion; but the
rebellion is over; those men have laid down
their arms; they now ask you to admit their
Representatives who are loyal, and I urge that
we should do it. That is the issue between us,
and nothing else. That is the issue you must
meet and must face, and you cannot evade it.
It is easy for you to-day to admit these Repre-
sentatives who are loyal and can take '' the
iron-clad oath," as you call it. Why do .you
not do it? That is the point you must explain
to the American people, and I venture the opin-
ion that upon this question you will be left in
a deserved minority. That is the point and the
only point that I, as an humble member of the
Democratic party, wish to argue with you. If
you are in favor of that I am with you: if you
are against it, I. as an humble member of the
Democratic part)', am against you. I am no
defender either of rebels or of the rebellion:
neither, let me say, do 1 subscribe to all the
doctrines enunciated by the distinguished gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogehs] yester-
day. So far as he goes in supporting the policy
I have indicated, I will join hands with him:
in some of his extreme notions, T separate from
him.
Mr. Speaker. I indicated when I commenced
that I meant simply to state to the House the
reasons which would govern me in voting against
this amendment to the Constitution. At the
proper time, when the South is represented
here, I am willing to go into the consideration
of amendments to the Constitution. I have
much confidenSe in the gentleman who pro-
poses this amendment, and when we shall ^all
get together here under one roof and in full
communion, 1 shall be willing to join with him j
in proposing a,nd adopting such amendments to ;
the Constitution as the changed circumstances I
and condition of the country may require. I j
hope that those who admit that these States <
are in the Union will be willing, haringadmit- j
ted that, to go along logically, and admit that li
therefore those States shall have a voice in the
adoption of these amendments to the Constitu-
tion, and wait until such time as we shall have
loyal men here from the South, with knowledge
the. wants, authentic information as to the
condition of the people of the South, of their
labor (question, and every other question in which
their interests are involved.
And at that time I shall consideritproperto
look into those amendments, and not until
then. And until that time I shall feel myself
compelled to cast my vote in this House against
any proposition looking to an amendment of
the Constitution which is to hereafter guide and
rule our country.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I shall sup-
port this proposed amendment of the Consti-
tution of the United States, not because I be-
lieve it to bo absolutely needed, but because
there are those, and some of them on this sida
of the House, who doubt that the powers to be
imparted by it are already to be found in the
Constitution. I believe them to have been there
from the hour of its adoption. They preceded
the amendments proposed by the first Congress,
and their existence is, as I will show, proven by_
the action of that Congress which was largely
composed of members of the Convention that
framed the Constitution and of the several State
conventions that ratified it. When all men not
disqualified by crime or pauperism shall be in-
trusted with the ballot they can protect their own
rights, and will need no congressional guardian-
ship ; and when the States recognize the equality
of all their people before their laws they will have
no cause to dread congressional censorship.
On the 10th of January I took occasion to
call the attention of the House to an extract
from the debate in the Virginia convention upon
ratifying the Constitution of the United States,
which occurred on the 13th of June, 1788. That
extract was as follows:
'' Mr. Monroe wished that the honorable genfcl em en
who had boon in the K ederal Convention would give in-
formation respecting the clause concerning elections,
lie wished to know why Congress had ail ultimate
control over the time, place, and manner of elections
of Representatives, and the time and manner of that
of Senators; and also why there was an exception aa
to tho place of elocting Senator."
Mr. Madison said:
"Mr. Chairman, the reason of tho exception was,
that if Congress should fix the place of choosing the
Senators, it might compel the State Legislature to
elect them in a different place from that of their usual
sessions, which would produce some inconvenience,
and was not nccessary for the objectof regulaling the
elections. But it was necessary to give the General
Government a control over the time and manner of
choosing the Senators to prevent its own dissolution.
"With respect to the other point, it was thought that
the regulation of the time, placo, and manner of elect-
ing Representatives should be uniform throughout
the continent. Some States might regulate the elec-
tions on the principles of equality, and others might
regulate them otherwise. This diversity would be
obviously unjust. Elections arc regulated now une-
qually in some States, particularly South Carolina,
with respect to Charleston, which has a representa-
tion of thirty members. Shouldtlie people of any jite'te
by any means be deprived of the right of suffrage, it was
judged proper that it should bere.nedied by the General
Government. It was found impossible to fix the time,
place, and manner of the election of Representatives
in the Constitution. It was found necessary to leave
the regulation of this, in the first place, to the State
governments, as being best acquainted with the sit-
uation of the people, subject to the control of the Gen-
eral Government, in order to enable it to produce
unifoimity a.nd prevent its own dissolution. And
considering the Srate government and General Gov-
ernment as distinct bodies, acting iu different and
independent capacities for f he people, it was thought
the particular regulations should bo submitted to the
former and the general regulations to the latter, here
they exclusively under the control of the State govern-
ment> the General Government m'aiht ea,f,ihi be cuswhecl.
Hut if they be regulated properly by.the State Legis-
latures, the congressional control will very probably
never be exercised. The power appears to me satis-
factory and as unlikely to be abused as any part Oi
the Constitution.''
The Convention had.already decided that the
qualifications requisite for electors for members
of Congress and for President and Vice Presi-
dent should be those for electors for the most
numerous branch of the State Legislature.
Hence it was that Madison said:
" With respect to the other point, it was thought
that the regulation of the time, place, and maimei of
electingRepresentatives should be uniform throu 'U-
out the continent. Some States might regulate the
elections on the principles of ey.iaiiry, and others
might regulate them otherwise. Thisdivpi®ity w„uid
