1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393f
Hunt that Mr, Crandali was selected and recom-
mended as a proper person to succeed Captain Rich-
ardson by said Hunt, Judge Bacon, and other citi-
zens of the district; that Mr. Conkuxg refused to
have anything to do with the selection or designa-
tion of any individual for that position. Judge Hunt
testifies that41 Mr. Crandali was selected as being an
eminently honest and upright man, and a man or the
best reputation and character. It was believed by
every one that if there was to be found in the county
onehonest man he was the one, and that the judgment
of the citizens of Oneida county is unanimous as to
the integrity of Captain Crandali." xhis statement
is corroborated by several other witnesses. J\o evi-
dence was offered before the committee showing, or
tending to show, that Mr. Crandali hnd been guilty
of any fraud or dishonest practice which ever came
to the knowledge of Mr. Conkling; and the inquiry
in this particular was confined to that limit. The
committee are of opinion that the evidence does not
show that Mr. Conkling was guilty of any impropri-
ety in recommending the restoration of Captain
Crandali after Major Luddington's report, but on the
contrary it does appear that his action was limited
to a simple expression of opinion, which opinion was
concurred in very generally by the citizens of that
district, and supported by the report of the detectivo
selected by General Fry to investigate the acts of
Captain Crandali. It has not been shown to the com-
mittee that General Fry or any other person believed
that Captain Crandali should have been prosecuted.
Mr. Dana testifies to the statement of General iry
that he knew nothing which Captain Crandali had
done or omitted which he should not have done or
omitted. General Fry, in his letter of November 6,
published in the Globe, says that Captain Crandali
was buspended from duty for refusing to turn over
the $20,000 bonds to a disbursing officer, an act for
which he deserved no censure, in the opinion of .the
committee, for the reasons herein stated. The letter
of General Fry to Mr. Blaine states that Captain
Crandali was discharged on the recommendation of
Major Luddington, who reported that though not
legally guilty he had morally perpetrated a most
glaring and inexcusable fraud on theGovernmentho
was sworn to serve. The committee have not found
in the evidence before them any evidence of such
moral fraud on the part of Captain Crandali, and
certainly no facts had been shown to be within the
knowledge of Mr. Conkling, in relation to Captain
Crandali, which would have rendered it improper lor
Mr. Conkling to have recommended his restoration
An attempt was made to show, by the testimony of
Patrick J. Kinney, that when Aaron Richardson was
arrested atUtica he was set at liberty by the officers
having him in custody, after an interview which he
had at his own request with Mr. Conkling. In rela-
tion to this matter it is only necessary to say that Mr.
Richardson had made important disclosures to the
Government; was a witness in the prosecution ot
Haddock; that the acts of Mr. Cockling in relation
to the witness were fully known to and approved by
the Secretary of "War. . ...
In relation to the third specification above stated,
the facts arc as follows:
Captain Crandali required Aaron Richardson, a
bounty broker, to deposit security with him that cer-
tain men furnished by said Richardson, and enlisted,
should go forwardto the frontand be therereceipted,
awl the sum of $20,000 inbonds of Oneida county was
deposited as such security. Some men that were fur-
nished by Richardson refused to receive any local
bounty whatever, insisting that all they claimed or
desired was the bounty that Government paid others;
theytookfii'ty dollars and wouldtakeno more. In allot
those eases the right of the recruit to receive the local
bounty was fully explained to hiin by Captain Cran-
dali. But as a precaution against desertion. Captain
Crandali required Richardson to deposit^ooOior each
man, as security for receipt of the recruit at the gen-
eral rendezvous ^ , , _ . ... ,
Aftcrdepositmgthebonds, Richardson claimcdthat
Provost Maishal Crandali had no legal authority to
require security for the appearancc of the recruit,
and demanded that the bonds should be refunded to
him. Of the men furnished by Richardson, tmity-
onc deserted before reaching the front, seven oi whom
were retaken.
These bonds were not "local bounty, nor were
they " deposited in behalf of reciuits, ' as stated in
General Fry's letter. They either belongedto Rich-
ardson, who deposited them, or to the Government,
for whose security they were deposited. Hon. \Vara
Hunt testifies that " about $13,000 would have been
forfeited under the contract, about that amount ot
men having deserted. About $7,000 no one would
have any claim to as against Aaron Richardson.
On the 4th of March, 1865, Major Haddock directed
Captain Crandali to turn over those bonds to b.rloyd
Hoard, special agent. Captain Crandali sought the
advice of distinguished and able counsel, and was
told he could not safely turn over these bonds to
Major Haddock without risk of being held person-
ally responsible for the amount; and it also ap-
pears that Captain Crandali and his advisers had
grave apprehensions, since shown to have been well
founded, that it would be unsafe to have placed
the bonds in the possession of Major Haddock. Atter
taking counsel on the 11th of March, Captam Cran-
dali statedfchewholematterinrelationto those bonds
fully in a letter to General Fry, and asks General
Fry to advise him what to do, as follows: Major
Haddock calls upon mo to forward the money and
securities to him; counsel of high standing advise
Hie that I cannot safely do so, but that I am respon-
sible to the parties entitled to it The money and
securities are now on hand, and I wish nothing so
much as to pay them oyer. Can I safely pay this
money to Major Haddock, and will the Government
protect me against the persons who^claim it. j3q
pleased to instruct me on this point.
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 247.
No answer was made by General Fry, so far as the
committee can discover. On the 30th of March, 1865,
General Fry ordered Captain Crandali to turn over
to Major Lee all moneys, bonds, and other evidences
of indebtedness in his possession " belonging to en-
listed men" who had deserted either before or after
arriving at the general rendezvous, and ail moneys,
bonds, and other evidences of indebtedness in his
possession belonging to enlisted men other than de-<,
serters to the United States paymaster stationed^ at y
Elmira, It will be seen that this order did not in-
clude the $20j000of bonds which were not claimed to
belong to enlisted men* whether deserters or others.
It does appear clearly that Captain Crandallt never
claimed any right to hold these bonds on his own
account; that he was anxious to be rid of them, and
only sought to protect himself from liability; that
he deposited the bonds in a bank in Utica, and that
when suit was brought against him for the bonds, he
advised General Fry of the fact, stating that he had
no interest in defending the suit, and asking that the
Government should defend its right to the bonds.
The Government never having done this, the county
of Oneida has given to Captain Crandali proper se-
curity to indemnify him, and assumed the defense
of the suit. These bonds belonged unquestionably
either to Aaron Richardson or to the Government.
If they belonged to Richardson, it is not easy to see
why the complaint should be made that Captain
Crandali had violated the orders of the Department
in not turning over the bonds to Major Haddock or
Major Lee, leaving himself liable to Richardson for
this amount. If they belonged to the Government,
it is still more difficult to see why the Government
should not have employed counsel and protected its
right to them. The defense of that suit was in no
sense a defense of-Captain Crandali, but simply the
maintenance by the Government of its right to the
bonds. Captain Crandali having been removed from
office, and having no interest in the question, it seems
absurd to require or expect him to defend, at his own
expense, a suit which could not benefit or harm him,
however it might be decided.
The committee regard the action of Mr. Conklixg,
in directing the attention of the Department to the
condition of this fund and the manifest danger of its
lossto the Government as highly commendable. IS or
have the committee been able to discover anything
improper in the conduct of Captain Crandali m rela-
tion to these bonds. There is one other statement in
the letter of General Fry that comes within the limit
of the present investigation, (to wit, the charges
against Mr. Conkling;) that statement is as follows:
" If while acting as judge advocate under the extraor-
ditiary inquisitorial powers bestowed upon fiiifi by
his friend Mr. Dana, he came into possession of any
fact impugning my integrity as a public officer, he
Was guilty of gross public wrong anu uniaithiuincss
if he did not instantly file formal charges against me
with the Secretary of War. He can therefore only
escape the charges of deliberate and malignant false-
hood as a member of Congress by confessing an un-
pardonable breach of duty asjudgeadvocate. No
powers whatever, "extraordinary and inquisitorial
or otherwise, were bestowed upon Mr. Coxklins by
Mr. Dana: whatever powers he had were given him
by the Secretary of AVar.andnot at thesuggestion ot
Mr Dana, Mr. Coxkling was discharging the duties
of judge advocate only in the prosecution of Major
Haddock. He had nothing whatever to.do with hi-
ing charges against General Fry. To this point the
committee cite the testimonyof the Secretary ot War
as follows: "In the prosecution of Major Haddock to
final judgment, Mr. Conkling performed all the duty
I expected him to perform;" and also the testimony
of Mr. Dana, as follows: " I never knew ot any au-
thority given to Mr. Conklixg m any form, directly
or indirectly, at any time, to investigate the acts of
General Frv,or to file charges against hiin. It would
have been evidently improper for him to file charges
against G on eral Fry, according to the usages ol the
Department."
accusations as to double offices a!nd improper
fees.
Another of the statements of General Fry's letter
which the committee are directed to inquire mto is
"1'%oi-5Ws°servicesin this connection, Mr. Conklixg
received, ou the 9th of November last, from the Uni-
ted States the modest fee of t ,OO0. W hether he
received, as it has been reported, from his district
$5 000 more for the same sen-ice, and. whether he
received additional fees from guilty parti es for oppos-
ing proceedings at Utica, I am unable now to say.
This is asserted in connection with and aftei the
statement that "in the summer of 186J, Mr. Conk-
ling made a case for himsell by telegraphing to the
War Department that, the provost marshal of his dis-
trict required legal advicc, which he was thereupon
eiThTYeffeift of This* statement is an insinuation that
the employment of Mr. Conkling in tins prosecution
was by him improperly secured; that the amount of
his compensation by the Government was excessive,
and that there was some reason to believe that his
district had paid him, besides
ernment, for the same scrvicc, vO.000, and, besides
this, that he had been compensated by guilty men ioi
corrupt services which he had rendered them m op-
posing the prosecutions which he had been employed
The charge is not mitigated in its severity by the
fact that it only insinuates, and seeks for its author
the cover of alleged report. These features onlj gu©
to it the enhanced capacity for mischief which grows
out of the increased difficulty ot disproving wnat is
only vaguely charged, instead of being stated with
deflniteness as to time, place, and circumstances. I he
committee can find, in all that has come to their
knowledge, absolutely nothing which can furnish a
pretext for that part of this charge which relates to
the $5,000 and the fee from gulty parties—not even
the existence of anysuchreportasthe.charge alludes
to. The accusation insinuated is not only utterly false
in fact, false in each particular, both as to the $5,000
from the district, and that from guilty parties, out,
so far as proof could be found,it wasfalsein themost
insufficient apology for its utterance, to wit, the ex-
istence of an alleged report giving it credence. No
accusation can well be conceived more intensely hurt-
ful than the last part of this one is. To say of anyone
that he is sordid or voracious in his methods of get-
ting gain, is to deny to him most of the qualities of a
gentleman. To add to this that he gets money by
ordinary frauds, is to exclude him from all just title
to the common rightsof civil andsocial life% To add,
again, that hisfrauds were associated with compound-
ing of felonies, and his gains the price of their con-
cealment, is to stamp the accused with an ineffable
infamy. But if to all this you add that he who is
charged with taking the price of the suppressed crime
is one of the members-elect of his Government, and
as such charged with its Safety ; that, in addition, he
had assumed special duties as to the prosecution of
the very crimes for the alleged suppression of which
he has taken pay; and that the crime suppressed was
at least amoral treason against the Government of
which he was an officer-elect, and a treason, too, com-
mitted at a time when his Government's existence
was in deepestperil; when, we say, all theseelementa
combine in the accusation, the guilt charged assumes
a depth of turpitude which can hardly find a parallel.
That such a charge should, without any shadow of
cause, be made in any way seems almost incredible.
But that it should be carefully couched in the forms
of insinuation, showing timidity and solicitude in the
author to avoid responsibility, and should then be
written out and sent into Congress, to be read in tho
presence of the nation, and preserved against the
accused and his children in the history of Congress,
presents, as a libel, a case almost new—ccrtainly sin-
gular—for its bad eminence as a wanton and inex-
cusable violation of the rights of a citizen and mem-
ber of the Government.
Thouse that was made in the House of that part
of this charge relating to the fee of $3,000 makes it
due to Mr. Conkling that it should be determined
whether his being a member-electof this House ren-
dered it improper or illegal for him to take the em-
ployment or its compensation; and the insinuation
contained in this statement that the fee was excess-
ive renders it proper to inquire whether it was such.
As to the latter point, the committee had no hesita-
tion in coming to the conclusion that Mr, Conkling s
compensation for services rendered to the Govern-
ment was a reasonable one. He had nothing to do
with fixing its amount. That was left wholly to the
Government. He accepted the service with reluc-
tance, and upon the most pressing and repeated so-
licitations of the Secretary of War. He took it at
the sacrificc of other professional business of equal
value, or of perhaps greater value to him than he
realized for this. He took it at a time when it was
almost vital to*the interests of the military service
in New York that they should be rendered. The
committee arc of opinion that the Secretary ot \V ar
rightly judged that no one could be found^more em-
inently qualified onmll accounts for the emcient dis-
charge of that peculiar service, under the peculiar
circumstances in which it was undertaken and ren-
dered The duties he assumed were discharged with
consummate ability, and with integrity, diligence, and
complete success. They went through about five
months. Tbe.y involved the examination of a large
field of complicated facts; a labyrinth of frauds and
villanies. The record of the trialmakes some fifteen
hundred pages of matter, and resulted not only m
discovering and punishing these crimcs against the
Government, but also in the conviction and punish-
meut of the acting provost marshal general ot west
New York, Major Haddock, and in the recovery
from him of a fine of $10,000, paid mto the United
States Treasury, besides the further sum of over
$200,000, which he was constrained to pay over atter
the commencement of the prosecution.
The committee have come unanimously to the
conclusion that the conduct of Mr. Coxklikg, m
entering upon that service, and m its management
throughout, was not only free from any improper,
selfish, or unpatriotic motives, and from all just
grounds of reproach, but his services were singularly
able, faithful, and in results valuable to the Gov ern-
ment.
the law.
The only other question touching this part of the
matter referred to tho committee to be considered is,
whether there was any legal impediment m the way
of Mr. Cosklixg, he being a member-elect of the
Thirty-Ninth Congress, assuming the relation ho did
assume to the prosecution of Haddock. The com-
mittee have sought carefully to inquire whether
there was any such legal impediment.
eight of departments to employ and pat agents.
In determining upon this question, it seems per-
fectly safe to assume that what is said by the Sii
preme Court of the United States, in Gratiot vs.
United States, 15 Peters, 371, is the settled law ap-
plicable to this class of cases, to wit, that. a Be
nartment charged with tho execution of particular
authority business, or duty, has always been deemed
incidentally to possess the right to employ the proper
-rvice or duty is an
.orvice or duty, to allow
but is fully
ployed a suitable compensation.'' "This> d?c^g°
7 PeteB '18 and "the United States w. Bllebrown, 7
Peters, 28."' And t^Xw'slh compensation it is
indispeMable to show that there is some law which
