2018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
This follows the language of
and I am not certain that the amendment of
the Senator would not be an improvement in
the expression. I certainly have no objection
to the adoption of the amendment, for 1 think
the Senator from Michigan will agree that the
words following " or any acts done or omitted
to be done" will include everything that could
be done by anybody; so that if the Senator from
Vermont has any choice about it, I am entirely
willing that the amendment shouldbe agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same reasoning
would strike out all the other words, and you
might just as well leave out the words " search,
seizure, arrest, or imprisonment made,"and let
the section read:
That any Acts done or omitted to be done during
the said rebellion by any officer or person, &c.
But I will state that this section is copied
after a statute already in existence passed some
years ago, and although the general terms
might embrace all these things, I think it is
safer to leave these words in. They are in
the former act.
Mr. CLARK. They are in the former act,
but they are not in the sections which are
alluded to in this bill. They are in the follow-
ing section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These are the very
■words, as I recollect, of the former act.
Mr. CLARK. They are the very words of
the former act, but uot in this sense or context.
They are in the section following, the seventh
section. I think the Senator will find it on
page 755 or 756 of the twelfth volume of the
Statutes. They are in the main immaterial.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The fifth section of the
act of 1863 provides:
" That if any suit or prosecution, civil or criminal,
has been or shall be commenced in any State court
against any officer, civil or military, or against any
other person, for any arrest or imprisonment made,
or other trespasses or wrongs done or committed or
any act omitted to be done"
Mr. CLARK.
that section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir—
" at any time during the present rebellion, by virtue
or undercolor of any authority derived from or exer-
cised by or under the President," &e.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think the amend-
ment is material.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think myself
that it is very material whether the words are
out or in. I suppose you might leave all the
words I have suggested out, and I do not know
but it would receive the same construction;
but there might be a difference of opinion about
that. Some courts might hold that the general
language "any act done or omitted to be done"
would have one construction, and some an-
other. The object of the law certainly should
be to protect our officers who, acting in obe-
dience to military authority, committed any
trespasses or wrongs of any kind or made any
seizures or imprisoned anybody when in the
discharge of their duties in obedience to orders
for the suppression of the late rebellion. I
should myself be quite as well satisfied to let
the section remain just as it is.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I respectfully suggest to
the chairman of the committee the substitution
of the words " or any injury to property or per-
son." Will not that answer every purpose and
avoid the objection made by the gentleman
from Vermont?
Mr. CLARK. That would be about as bad,
■would it not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The previous act, in
which this same language has been used, uses
it in an entirely different connection. The
words are there used in respect to the removal
of causes from the State courts to the. Federal
courts, and in such an act it may be perfectly
proper to characterize the subject of any action
as a trespass or a wrong, because if the Fed-
eral officer has committed a trespass or a wrong
for which lie may be civilly responsible, it is
perfectly appropriate that the national tribu-
nals should adjust the differences between him-
self and the person whom he has injured ; and
hence the old act appropriately enough uses
this term. Here we are called upon, in this
first section, not to provide for the removal of
causes of action for trespasses or wrongs, but
to provide by a mere enactment a defense ex
post facto. Now, I should be sorry indeed—
it is something more than a mere question of
taste—I should be sorry indeed to set the first
example, I think, in the history of legistation,
of commencing an enactment by admitting
that I had committed or my officer had com-
mitted a trespass which in the end I under-
took to justify by an arbitrary law. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will consent to the
erasure of those words, which certainly in my
opinion will not weaken the just force of the
section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to hear
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Vermont read. I believe that is the amend-
ment before us.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in section one, line three, after the word
"made," to strike out the words "or other
trespasses or wrongs, done or committedso
that the section will read :
That any seareh, seizure, arrest, or imprisonment
made, or any acts done or omitted to be done during
the said rebellion by any officer or person, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. There is a little amendment
that should be made in the eleventh line of the
first section. The words "done or" should
he inserted after the word "so;" so that it
will read, "or any acts were so done or omit-
ted to be done." It is an omission in the
printing of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I venture to suggestanother
amendment in the thirteenth line of the first
section. The language as it now reads is this :
Or any acts were so done or omitted to be done,
either by the person or officer to whom the order is
addressed, or by any other person aiding or assisting
him therein, shall be held, and are hereby declared,
to come within the purview of the act to which this
is amendatory.
T move to insert after the word " addressed''
the words "or for whom it was intended." It
may turn out in some cases that the order was
misdirected by a mere clerical error, or the
'person for whom it was intended was misnamed
in the orders innocently, and that he acted
under the order nevertheless; but as the sec-
tion is drawn, no person can avail himself of !
the protection of an order unless it should hap- !
pen to be directed to him, although wrongly ■
addressed by a clerical error. It seems to me
this amendment will make it more exact and
will enlarge the scope somewhat of the clause,
and of the protection intended to be afforded.
I propose to insert the words, "or for whom it
was intended,'' leaving the matter of intention
as a question of proof to be introduced upon
the trial.
Mr. CLARK. It does not occur to me
that there is any great objection to that. I do
not now see any objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The word "is," the first word
in the thirteenth line, should be changed to
" was," so as to read " was addressed."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. The act to which this is
an amendment is only referred to in the title
of this bill. I suggest to the honorable Sena-
tor from New Hampshire that there should be
a direct reference to it in the body of the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is a reference to'
it in the first section.
Mr. HOWARD. The act to which this is
an amendment is really referred to, if 1 mis-
take not, only in the title of the bill. I sug-
gest that the title of that act should be inserted
after the word " act'' in the seventeenth line;
so that it will read:
And within the purview of the fourth, fifth, and |
sixth sections of the act entitled "An act relating to 1
haheat corona, and regulating judicial proceedings in
certain cases," approved March 3,1863.
It is a mere matter of form, to give the bill
more symmetry.
Mr. CLARIL It seems to me it is hardly
worth while to repeat the title of that act.
The word "said" before the word "act" must
refer to the act mentioned in the title of this
bill, and nothing else. There is no other act
referred to, and there cannot be a mistake
about it.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose we do not adopt
the title. The title is no part of the law.
Mr. CLARK. If we amend the title then
we can change the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I will not insist upon the
amendment. It is usual, after the recital of
the act proposed to be amended in the title of
a bill, to make it definite by inserting it in the
body of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Michigan whether it would not
be sufficient—it is not at all necessary, because
it is stated in the preamble—to add after the
word "act" in the seventeenth line the words
" of March 3, 1863." That will make it cer-
tain.
Mr. HOWARD. That will do'just as well,
and I will accept that as a modification of my
amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move further to amend
the bill by adding at the end of the twentieth
line of the first section the following words:
Or so far as it operates as a defense for any act
done or omitted in any State represented in Congress
during the rebellion, and in which, at the time and
place of any such act or omission, martial law was
not in force.
Mr. President, I am not one of that class of
persons who are struck with constitutional pa-
ralysis on every occasion when some necessary
law for the security of the public is about to
be enacted ; and therefore I am willing to go
as far as any reasonable degree of patriotism,
or even any reasonable degree of courage, will
permit into the debatable land of constitutional
doubt in passing acts of this kind, which are
really designed for the security of men who
have been acting under the orders of the Gov-
ernment in enforcing the laws; but it has ap-
peared to me that there are limits beyond which
it is not only unsafe, but unwise, for those who
represent the people to go, even for the good
end in view of reaching so noble a purpose as
that of protecting the persons whom it is said
have been sued in actions at law for carrying
out the orders of the President of the United
States, either directly or indirectly.
The act of 1803, to which this bill is an
amendment, simply provided that the order
of the President of the United States, or the
order of any one acting under his authority,
should stand as a defense against actions of
this description. This bill goes further, and
provides that not only the order of the Presi-
dent of the United States or of the Secretary
of War, but the order of any military officer
of the United States holding the command of
the department, the district, or the place within
which any search, seizure, arrest, or imprison-
ment was made, &c., shall stand as a defense
in and of itself; so that in States of the Union
which have never been in rebellion, in States
of the Union where martial law has never been
proclaimed, the act of a captain recruiting a
company of volunteers is to be by an ex post
facto law a complete defense to an action of
trespass against him for false imprisonment,
or for taking a horse, or whatever it may be.
Certainly it must be an extreme necessity in-
deed which drives us to such legislation as that.
It is the exercise, as it appears to me, in regions
where mar„ial law and rebellion have not pre-
vailed at all, of a power which can nowhere
be found in the Constitution, which can no-
where be raised by implication from any of its
provisions, and which is contrary to the natural
sense of justice which pervades every man's
bosom.
I know that there is a precedent for this class
of legislation. In the time of that king who
was called, or rather miscalled, the first gentle-
man in Europe, and who was certainly the
worst monarch, and whose fears of assassin-
ation and the overthrow of his Government
