1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3939
take compensation for services rendered to the other
side, to wit, for services in favor of the United States
On the other hand, is this not a conclusive legislative
determination that a member-elect might be com-
pensated for services rendered to that other non-
prohibited side of the case? It so seems to the com-
mittee.
act op 1852.
This disposes of the alleged legal prohibitions upon
Mr. ConKling's entering upon the service, unless it
oc, (and we think including,) that bupposed to be,
contained in the eighteenth section of the act of 21st
July, 1862, already cited, (1 Brightly, 821,) and which
Is as follows: " No person hereafter who holds or shall
hold any office under the Government of the United
States, whose salary or annual compensation shall
amount to the sum of $2,500, shall receive compensa-
tion for discharging the duties of any other office."
It was suggested in the debates in the House, and
earnestly urged elsewhere, that this section, even if
it did not render Mr. Conkling's services upon the
Haddock trial illegal, docs render it illegal for him
to receive compensation for his services upon that
trial. The committee is not quite certain that the
order of the House directing it to inquire into the
charges against Mr. Conkling contained in the let-
ter of General Fry to Mr. Blaine admits of the com-
mittee's examining the question whether Mr. Conk-
ling was entitled to take that compensation of $3,000.
That lotterdoesnotchargethatthe taking of any feo
was illegal, but only insinuates that it was excessive.
Still, after what occurred touching this double com-
pensation in the debates of the House, the committee
deem it proper to examine this question also. If it
be outside of the duties of the committee, an easy
way of preventing mischief from this part of the
report will be to disregard it.
The determination of the question whether this act
of 1832 renders it illegal for Mi\Conkling to receive,
in addition to his salary as a member of Congress,
this S3,000, requires the committee to determine one
or more of the following questions:
1. Is one who has been elected to Congress, but who
has not yet taken the oath of office, nor in any way
entered upon the discharge of the duties of his office,
and prior to the time when, by law, ho is required to
enter upon these duties, "aperson who holds any
office?"
2. Granting that he is, in the case stated in the pre-
ceding question, a person holding an office, then does
he hold an office "under the Government of the Uni-
ted States,'' within the just sense of this section ?
3. If lie, as a member-elect, is an officer " under the
Government of the United States," then did Mr.
Conkling, in what he did in the Haddock service,
become an officer of the United States?
4. If he did not become an officer of the United
States, did he, in that Haddock trial, discharge " the
duties of any other office," and receive compensation
therefor?
is a member-elect one holding office?
The first of these inquiries is, in the judgment of
the committee, answered so far as is necessary in de-
ciding upon the cffcct of the act of 1852, by the eases
of Hammond, of Earl, of Munford, of Schenck, and
others, which wc have already cited. These cases, as
we have seen, all determine that, prior to the time
when the Constitution requires the member-elect to
cornmencc the duties of his legislative office, and be-
fore ho has assumed these duties and taken the oath
of office, he may receive compensation for dischar-
ging the duties of another office. As we have already
said, these eases do not determine that he may also
be compensated as a member of Congress for the .same
time for which he was compensated in the other office.
But they do determine that being a member-elect of
Congress does not make him an "officer" in such
sense as to bring him within the prohibition of the
act of 1852. This question, in substance, received the
careful attention of the House in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress, upon an able report of one of its commit-
tees. The committee and House came to what your
committee deem a just conclusion, when it deter-
mined that one merely elected to Congress, but who
had not entered upon his duties nor been qualified,
was not a member of this House, that is, did not
hold an office so as to prevent him from continuing
to hold another office and receive compensation there-
for. The committee, in concluding their argument
showing that one merely elected to Congress was not
a member of the House, and not, as such, amenable
to its jurisdiction, says: "The committee are not
aware of any attempt to punish a Representative-
elect, and of but one instance of an attempt to expel
one. A resolution was adopted by the last House,
undei the previous question, to expel a person who
was a Representative-elect, but had never signified
his acceptance of the office, nor qualified, nor even
appeared in Washington for the purpose ot taking
his seat."
In that case the House determined, in effect, that
the act of 1852 did not prohibit General Schenck,
while a member-elect of Congress from receiving the
pay of another office, to wit, that of major general of
volunteers.
This is the last case in which the question came
before the House. But the same question received
in the Fifteenth Congress, in the case of Hammond
Ilerrick, (Clark and Hall, Contested Elections,
2!J.\ 291,) a still more elaborate and exhaustive con-
sideration. In the report in that case (which also re-
ceived the sanction of the House) this doctrine was
explicitly stated, and was affirmed after a thorough
review of the English and American cases touching
it. The case held the rule which was stated by the
committee in these words: '' Neither do election and
return constitute membership." " * *
"Our rule in this particularia different from that of
the House of Commons. It is also better, for it makes
our theory conform to what is fact in both countries
—that the act of becoming in reality a member of the
House depends wholly upon the person elected and
returned. Election does not of itself constitue mem-
bership, although the period may arrived at which the
congressional term commences."
This House has again and again determined that
men elected to it who do not appear in the body and
assume the constitutional oath of office, are not to be
reckoned as members of the House in determining
the number required to make a majority or quorum
of the body.
pranking privilege, etc.
The committee, in coming to this conclusion, have
not overlooked the fact that members-elect, but not
qualified, are by the laws accorded certain privileges
and salary. The effect of this right to enjoy these
privileges before becoming qualified as a member of
the legislative body has received the fullest attention
both in this House and in the English Parliament.
The result attained is, that these special privileges
arc not necessarily indicia of actual official authority
or station, and may by law as well be attached to
one's person before and after he is an officer as during
his official tenure. The Representatives after the
expiration of their terms, the Presidents of the Uni-
ted States after such expiration, and the widows of
certain ex-Presidents, all ha.ve the franking privi-
lege, and these are not then officers of the Govern-
ment in any sense. The assumption of officc in this
country, as well as its relinquishment, is voluntary,
and one elected to Congress is at perfect liberty to
refuse to assume the office. His exercise of the frank-
ing privilege, with the knowledge that he never
would enter upon the duties of the office, would be
an act of bad faith toward his Government; but that
would not render him a member of Congress, nor
would the exercise prevent him, should failure of
health or other cause render it improper to enter
upon his officc, from rightly refusing ever to take the
office.
Other and perhaps more conclusive considerations
bearing upon this importantinquiry might be given,
but it is not deemed best to pursue it further. The
committee are entirely satisfied that the law of this
House is fully and rightly settled as to this point,
and that he is notamember of Congress, nor oncwho
"holds any office under the Government of the Uni-
ted States," who has only been elected to this House,
but who has never taken any oath of office nor entered
upon thoduties of that position.
Mr. CoxKLiNGwas not prohibited by the act of 1852
from receiving compensation as he did for his ser-
vices in the Haddock trial, even if his duties on that
trial were official. W e have not yetrcachedthe ques-
tion of his right to be also paid his salary as a mem-
ber of this House for the same time covered by the
Haddock service.
is an acting member of congress an officer of
or under the government?
The next proposition the committee were called to
consider and decide is thus stated by Mr. Conkling:
"A Representative in Congress is not at all within
the words 'person who holds an office under the Gov-
ernment of the United States.' Senators and Rep-
resentatives do not hold offices under the Govern-
ment of the United States. They are part of -the
Government, and therefore not affected oneway or
the other by these provisions."
If the committee were sustained in the views they
have taken of other propositions in this inquiry, then
the consideration of this one would not be necessary
to the determination of what is betorethecommittec.
But as the committee may not be sustained in the
other propositions which dispose of the case, they
have felt impelled carcfully to consider this one.
The proposition that a member ot Congress who has
been sworn into office is not an officer under the Gov-
ernment of the United States, within the sense of the
act of 1852, is supported by an appeal to authorities
expounding the sense of these words as used in the
Constitution.
These or similar words are found in the Constitu-
tion in the following clauses:
1. That prohibiting Senators and Representatives
during the term for which they are elected from be-
ing appointed to "any civil office under the authority
of the United States, which was created or its emolu-
ments increased during such time. _
2. That prohibiting a person "holding any office
under the United States ^from being a member ot
either House of Congress.*'
3. That giving Congress the power to make all jaws
necessary to carry into effect the powers vested by
the Constitution in "any officer of the Government
of the United States."
4. That prohibiting every person holding any
office of profit or trust under the United States from
accepting any present, office, &c., fiom any king,
prineo, or foreign State, without the consent of Con-
gress."'
5. That prohibiting every Senator, Representative,
and person "holding an office of trust or profit under
the United States" from being appointed an elector
for President, &c. ,, . „
6. That providing that the President shall com-
mission "all officers of the United States.
7. That providing that "all civil officers ot the
United States shall be removed from office on im-
peachment."
8. That prohibiting any one who has suffered a
judgment of impeachment from holding or enjoying
"any office' ot honor, trust, or profit under the uni-
ted State?." .
The proposition stated, and which the committee
are asked to affirm, is, that a member of Congress and
his office are not included in the scope or meaning of
the words of the Constitution "officer under theUni-
tcd States," or ,4eiyil office under the authority of the
United States." It is said that he is pari of the Gov-
ernment, and is not under it. It seems to be indicated
that he may, m the sense of the Constitution, be an
officer of the Government, but not under th e Govern-
ment. In the impeachment of Blount (Wharton's
State Trials, 268, &c.) this argument is presented by
Mr. Bayard, but he (p. 269) makes the very properre-
mark as to such an argument that he was "unwilling
to place any confidence upon an argument derived
from mere verbal criticism. In construing the char-
ter of a Government our views should comprehend
all its parts, and our aim should be to execute it ac-
cording to its general and true design." No method
of attainingthe sense of the Constitution is more un-
safe than this one of "sticking" in sharp verbal criti-
cism. But a little consideration of this matter will
showthat "offieersof" and "officersunder" the Uni-
ted States are (as said by Mr. Dallas in this Blount
case, p. 277) "indiscriminately used in the Constitu-
tion." Take thatclause asto whomaybeimpeached.
The Constitution says that "the President, Vice
President, and all civil officers of the United States
shall removed from office on impeachment for and
conviction of treason, bribery, or other high crimes-
and misdemeanors." Now, then, if officers of tho
United States do not include officers under the Uni-
ted States, (that is, officers appointed by the Presi-
dent, such as judges, &c.,) then you cannot impeach
anybody except the President, Vice President, and,
perhaps, themembersof Congress, if the latter are to
be deemed officers of the Government. Again: tho
judgment of impeachment disqualifies the convict
from holding " any office of trust or profit under the
United States," and not from holding the offices of
the United States. You can only impeach them who
are officers of the United States, and then, when im-
peached, they are only prohibited from holding offices
under the United States—that is, they can hold the
same offices from which they were excluded by im-
peachment, but cannot hold the inferior executive
officcs under those from which theimpeachmentdoes
not perpetually exclude them.
Again: tho Constitution provides that "the Presi-
dent shall appoint all officers of the United States."
Are not the judges, ministers, heads of Departments*
postmasters, &c., officers under the United States?
Tf so, they are also officers of the United States, be-
cause the Constitution only authorizes him to appoint
officers of the United States.
It is irresistibly evident that no argument can be
based on the different sense of the words "of" and
"under," as used in these clauses of the Constitution,
and we must approach this question as to whether a
memberof Congress is an officer "under" the United
States, with the knowledge that if we find him to be
either an officer "of" the United States, or one
"under" the Government of the United States, in
either case he has been brought within the constitu-
tional meaning of these words, as used in the act of
1852, because they are made by the Constitution
equivalent and interchangeable.
All wo have to do, therefore, is to find out whether
the Constitution anywhere (not everywhere) uses
these expressions "officers of" or "officers under the
United States " in such sense as must include mem-
bers of Congress. If the Constitution once so uses
either of these equivalent expressions, then all argu-
ment as to the sense of these words in the act of 1852, >
so far as that argument is derived from their mean-
ing in the Constitution, is destroyed, because if the
Constitution once uses these words in a sense which
includes members of Congress, then so may the act
of 1852 so use them.
Now, let us sec whether there is any clause where
one or other of these phrases "officers of" or "offi-
cers under the Government of the United States"
must include members of Congress.
Take tho clause above cited a3 to receiving pres-
ents, &e.. from any king, &c. There the prohibition
is that "no person holding any office of profit or
trust under the United States shall," &c. Now, will
it do to hold that a clerk in the post office shall not
be permitted to receive offices, &c„ from a king, &c„
without tho assent of Congress, and yet every mem-
ber of the Senate or of tho House be permitted to be
"plied," in the interests of a foreign Government,
with bribes, in the shape of presents, officcs, emolu-
ments, and titles? May the King of England make
tho American Senate a British House of Lords? He
mav, unless the position of a Senator and Repre-
sentative is an "officer under tho United States,
because there is no other clause prohibiting such be-
stowals! Again, take tho clause containing the re-
quirement that noreligioustestshallevcrberequired
as a qualification to any office or public trust under
the United States. Now, shall it beheld that a mem-
ber of Congress may be required to have some reli-
gion, or a particular religion, by the establishment
of a religious test as to his office, and yet all the other
officcs of tho Government be kept open to theinfi-
des? And yet this is the law of the Government,
unless a member of Congress be one holding an of-
fice or public trust under the United States; for there
is no other prohibition than this one upon requiring
such religious tests.
Or take the clause, already cited, as to the effect
of judgments of impeachment. If a memberof Con-
gress does not hold any office of trust or profit under
the United States, then he is in an office into which
one may immediately and freely enter who has,
by impeachment, just been convicted of treason,
bribery, or other high crime. This is because that
the only places into which an impeacncd felon can-
not enter are "offices of honor, trust, or profit under
the United States." The convicted traitor cannot
enter into the officc of "deputy United States as-
sessor of internal revenue," but he may become
United States Senator ! ^
• We might increase these examples, but surely it is
not necessary. Surely it cannot be that the Consti
