1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2019
were such as to drive him nearly crazy, a sub-
servient Parliament passed an act somewhat
similar to this, which declared that all arrests
of people suspected of treason which had been
.made, or which might be made within a cer-
tain limited time, should be regarded as law-
ful, independent of the question of whether
there was any ground of suspicion, and inde-
pendent of the question what subject of his
Britannic Majesty it was who should make the
arrest. But, sir, I have yet to learn that any
court in Great Britain ever upheld an act of
that description. I believe that no decision
can be found anywhere in any civilized com-
munity holding that an ex post facto enactment,
declaring, by mere force of the law, that a
past transaction should be guilty or guiltless,
had any force at all except as it fortiiied mar-
tial law or operated upon districts where civil
law was not in force. 'Therefore it lias ap-
peared to me, not, as I have said before, as
one of those persons who are delighted to find
constitutional objections to everything which
is proposed in the disturbed state of the country,
but rather as one of those who desire to use
that noble instrument to its fullest extent, and
not to abuse its powers, that it is unwise as
well as illegal to pass a law of this description,
which operates upon districts of the country
where there lias been perfect repose, and where
the mantle of the civil law has been unfolded
day by day in the courts of justice.
Now, if I correctly understand public law,
(and I do not claim any great familiarity with
it,) where martial law does prevail, the order of
the commanding officer, the order of his sub-
ordinate traced down through to the smallest
corporal that carries a musket, so that it ema-
nates from headquarters, as all proper discipline
makes orders emanate, is a defense, independ-
ent of enactments and indejiendent of any spe-
cial statute on the subject. There is no mean-
ing which can be attached, in my judgment, to
the term '' martial law," except that it has the
force of law ; and therefore, if there were any
sections of this country where martial law has
prevailed and where these arrests and imprison-
ments and seizures have been made, whether
right or wrong, so that they were made by
authority of the superior commander, that very
law itself furnishes the justification, audit needs
no act of Congress to confirm it. At the same
time I am willing, if it be thought that an act
of Congress will make it stronger, to acquiesce
in that opinion. But when you ask me to go a
step further, and into regions where peace and
repose have prevailed continually, and martial
law has not existed, and where no foe has raised
his banner anywhere, and to say that the order
of the President of the United States, or the
order of any other person professing to act
under his authority, however remote, is to be
held as a defense in a court of law, then I am
compelled to disagree, because it invades what
have always been considered the fundamental
private rights of every member of organized
society.
Where is the necessity of it? If any of these
arrests and seizures and imprisonments were
made in regions where civil law prevailed, and
were rightfully made, can they not be de-
fended? If they have been wrongly made,
ought they to be defended by an enactment of
this kind, after the fact, which, without inquiry
into the circumstances of Llie wrong, blindly
declares that the wioug shall not be redressed ?
I am sure not. Therefore it has appeared to
me that every good end which this bill lias in
view—and I agree it has good ends in view—
is reached by adopting the amendment which
I have proposed.
The usual course, and in my judgment the
right one, and the course which ought to be
pursued even in those regions where rebellion
and martial law have prevailed, and the one
. which will be most effectual for the protection
of those persons who are sued, is a bill of in-
demnity rather than ail edict of defense. Let
us declare that the United States district
attorney for every district where any ot these
suits is brought shall, upon proper affidavit and
proof of the good faith of the officer, interpose
in the name of the United States and take
charge of the cause himself; and if any citizen
has been wronged, let him have his damages,
and let the public pay them; if any citizen has
brought a false and vexatious suit, impose
double or treble costs upon him as a penalty
for bringing such a suit. That is a species of
legislation which I am sure would commend
itself to the country. But there can be cer-
tainly no justice in denying to a man who has
been really wronged the privilege of trying his
cause in the courts of his country upon the
ground that some man who has been vexa-
tiously, in his own opinion, injured, will turn
around, and without authority and without
right, bring an action which he ought not to
sustain. Such legislation, as it appears to me,
will reach a much more beneficent end, not
only for the reputation of the country and for
its peace and repose, but for the personal pro-
tection and the personal advantage of the class
of persons whom we arc all so desirous to
protect.
Mr. COWAN. I have been very forcibly
impressed with the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Vermont; and I would hope that
some heed be given to this subject. , I am
very well aware of the difficulty that we now
have in dealing with this subject as it should be
dealt with. I am very well aware of the diffi-
culty there is in protecting an officer who acted
in the conscientious discharge of his duties,
while at the same time we protect the rights
and liberties of the citizens who were the vic-
tims of those who abused their official position,
often for the purpose of inflicting wrong, and
for the purpose of gratifying private malice
against their victims. It is therefore that I
would fain hope that this bill will have the best
consideration that the Senate can give it. That
the loyal citizen should have no remedy and
no redress against the tyranny and oppression
of those who for the time were clothed nilh a
little biief authority, is too monstrous to con-
template in a Government which professes, like
ours, to be a Government of law. That the
officer who, honestly, in the performance of his
duty, executed the orders ofliis superior, should
be subjected to actions and liable to damages
in the civil courts, is equally to be deprecated
by every good man. But the difficulty is to
know where to draw the line. How to pass an
act of oblivion by which those things which
were proper to be done, and which were right-
fully done, should pass away and be forgotten,
is one question. It is another to take care that
the citizen be shielded, even though he may
have been unfortunate enough to live in a dis-
trict pervaded by these troubles, and where his
life and his property, perhaps, were in jeopardy
from those who were either ignorant of their
proper duties, or who, in disregard of them,
were disposed to violate them maliciously.
Mr. President, the boast of the American
citizen, and his pride heretofore, has been that
this was a Government of law, rather than that
of any individual or aggregate number of rulers;
and it was supposed that we had so perfected
t|ie system that nothing could be done lawfully
without law ; or, in other words, that nothing
could be done in this country, either in peace
or war, which was not warranted by the laws of
the land. I am very free to confess that I was
one of those who so believed. I supposed that
war had its laws as well as peace, i supposed
that the officer of the Army was as much bound
by the law as the civil officer, the captain as
much as the magistrate, the colonel as much
as the judge, and the general as much as the
Governor. I had supposed that in time of war
that part of the law of nations which treats of
war and which provides for war would be the
guide of the soldier, as the municipal law in
time of peace is the guide of the civil magis-
trate. But, sir, 1 am very well aware that in a
proud and fierce democracy such as ours, it is
perhaps impossible, in times of great commo-
tion, of great excitement, and of civil dissen-
sions, that this line should be exactly observed
or that these rules should be well known to
those to whom we intrust the protection of the
public interests. Still, at the same time, with
all due regard to the responsibilities which
attach to these men, and with all proper con-
sideration for the situations in which they find
themselves, it must be confessed that after all
the highest duty is the protection of the citi-.
zen, and especiallythe loyal citizen, and I would
say especially the loyal citizen in the rebellious
district.
^Sir, there is small merit in playing loyal in
New Hampshire. There is very little merit in
being loyal in Pennsylvania. Any man can
be loyal when the popular sentiment is so
loyal that it would threaten him with a lamp-
post if he were disloyal. But the stern virtue
and the stubborn fidelity to the laws and to
the Constitution, which marks the loyal man
in a rebellious community, is above all others
that which should be protected. It is for those
men that I would now speak. It is for those
men that I would now vindicate the justice of
the Government. It is for those men that I
would now vindicate the justice of the Ameri-
can people. I say that where a loyal man in
a rebellious district lias been maltreated by an
officer of the United States Army, or by any
person in the service of the United States,
such a man is above all others entitled to the
protection of the United States Government.
Who can gainsay this ? 1 know that the tend-
ency in the minds of men is to generalize. It
is much more easy to generalize than it is to par-
ticularize. It is much more easy to throw your
drag-netaroundacommunityoraState than it is
to pick out the individual criminals and punish
them. It is much more easy for an officer m
the execution of his duty, and especially one
so delicate as that of putting down a rebellion
has always been, to treat all the people, irre-
spective of the circumstances which surround
them, as guilty, than it is properly to separate
the one from the other and let his hand be felt
as the circumstances require.
How are we to do this, Mr. President? Does
this bill do this? Will this bill enable an officer
of the United States, or one in its service who
has wantonly, maliciously, and without any
probable cause, invaded the rights of the citizen,
the loyal citizen, to escape from the punishment
which the laws ought to inflict in such cases?
Does this bill do that thing? If it does, this
Senate of the United States of America, the
greatest Republic upon the earth, ought to be
the last place where it should find favor. In
the United States of America, where, above all
other places upon the earth, an insult offered
to the meanest citizen of the Republic is to be
taken as an insult to the Republic itself, wrong
and outrage are not to be sanctioned by the
laws. At the same time I wish it to be dis-
tinctly understood that I am as much in favor
of«a law to protect the officer in the discharge
of his duty, in the fair, honest, conscientious
discharge of the obligations imposed upon him
in putting down this rebellion; I would protect
him as far as any man. Docs this bill do so;
and if it does so, does it protect him alone? I
have not been concerned in the fabrication ot
this bill: but I have thought that it would be
far better—and I throw this out for the sngges-
l ion of the committee who have brought the bill
],ere—instead of a sweeping enactment of this
kind to provide that no action should be main-
tained against any person for wrongs or injuries
done under pretense of an authority from the
United States in putting down the rebellion,
unless the plaintiff should show certain things,
l which, as the usual rule, are not cast upon him
; as a burden. Where is the difficulty in requir-
ing the plaintiff to prove that the person who
i committed the wrong and the outrage upon him
i did so without authority, that he did so wan-
tonly and maliciously ? If you do that, you do
I not "alter the frame and the texture ot' your
! laws, you preserve their harmony, and you pre-
S serve what is more, the administration of justice
i pure; you throw the onus or burdeu of proof
