TfflD OOKRiMMAIL iG-LQBE.
June -6,
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. This resolution was introduced
bv the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
" Mr. BINGHAM. I move that this joint res-
olution be indefinitely postponed, for the rea-
son that the constitutional amendment already
passed by the Hoijse covers the whole subject-
matter.
The motion was agreed to.
naval depot at league island.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is a bill (H. R. No. 452) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Navy to accept League Island, in
•the river Delaware, for naval purposes, on
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
.Kelley] is entitled to the floor.
withdraw ax, of papekb.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent; sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Jtcsotvcd, That all claimants whose appjioations
havo received an adverse report from tho Committee
of Claims havo leave to withdraw their respective
papers, leaving copies thereof.
message i'kom the senate.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Forney, its Secretary, informing the
Ijouse that the Senate had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
amendment to House bill No. 451), granting a
pension to Anna E. Ward.
adverse reports.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, from
tho Committee of Claims, reported adversely
on tho following cases j which were laid upon
the table:
John Van Cott and Samuel Malin, of Utah; roso-
lutum relating 1o claims lor horses, &c., impressed
into tho United States military service in Indiana
and Ohio; K/.ekirl Sanvin, and others, of Massachu-
setts; John IU. Stanley, of (ho District, of Columbia;
Newton Smith, of Kentucky; Lieutenant John 10.
Abel, lir^fc New York nrtillery, ot New York: ilomo
resolution i\o. 17.#, for tho relief of Lewis J. Cundilf,
of Missouri; Horace 10. Dimmk'k, of Missouri; L.
(). Mercer, of Maryland; E. Marquis, of Jndiana;
Harriet E. lhivis, of Missouri; citizens of Wrights-
v\lk\ Pennsylvania; Kdmuud BripRS,and others, of
Massachusctlf, Uou^o resolution JNo. 4'.\ to author-
ixoeertain credits by In torn al Revenue Commissioner
to It, A« Smith, of Illinois; Captain A. Kooats, Vet-
eran Keservo corps, of Illinois; A. Alger, of Vir-
ginia; it. i>. Morton, of Virginia; Ceor^o W. Al-
dridge, of Momoo county, New York: Nathan Par-
kins, o( Virginia; House resolution No. for tho
reliol'ofCat harinoShirls.of Ponnsylvanui; Jonathan
Cooper, ami others, of Pennsylvania; James Craig,
of Missouri; James Lcgg, and others, of Maryland ;
Howland Hemphill, of New York; Henrietta M.
mid others, of Maryland; Mrs. Snrah Buch-
anan, of Kentucky; llev. i\ J.It. Murphy, of Illi-
nois; tioonro Kurd, and one hundred citizens, of
iiiiwrcnco, Kansas; Hu.-<iuohnniia. Canal Company,
(if lVun>vh\mia: J. S. Lowry and (ieorgc A. (Jrny,
oi Ohio; .lames \V. HomvcII, of Maryland; 0. W.
Brndley True, of Pennsylvania; John Hoffman
Smith, of the District of Columbia; William Baker,
of Nebraska; Oeoigo Kaiuo, of AVest Virginia;
James and lOmma Cameron, of Texas; L. B. Norton,
captain and sicting assistantquartermaster, of Penn-
sylvania; (Icorge M. Mell, ol Ohio; Charles Vinson,
of the District of Columbia; Lucy 15. Sinclair, ol
Virginia; Anna l)e Newvillo Evans, of Mississippi;
Alfred Collin, of 'JVxum; Byron Tyson, of North
('atidma; "William B. Kdwa ids, of Missouri; Captain
J. W. J'artiidge.ol Mftssuehusotts; Li cut en ant.fames
Thompson, of Ma-^iu hupottn; Leonard 13. Johnson,
of Ohio: James "H\ Ken n ell, of North Cat olina: Su-
san (J. Ammonett, of Alabama: Isaac Wills,of North
Carolina ; J. J. Met Ire w and R. 11. H oilman ; Thomas
Foster, Treasury Oepartmont, of the Di-tricf of Co-
lumbia: J am e.- Cat her, ol \Vo«t Virginia ; Thomas
J. Howell, of Alabama; John U. Temple, of New
Jersey, John (J. S.mkoy, late payuiui-tcr, of New
Jersey; .Rev. John C. Jacohi, of the District of Co-
lumbia; C. 11. Progler, of We.-t Virginia; H. C. Mo-
Coy, ol Maryland; Ciiailcs J. Micnaelson, ot West
Virginia; A. A. Bradley, of Ueorgia; Sophia Shil-
lenger, of Maryland; Hanict Beard, widow, &c.  of
N-jw York.
LEAVE OK ARSEXCIi.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that indefinite leave
of silence be granted to my colleague, [Ml*.
.Imjtcksoll.] lie was in the House previous
to tho vote on the bill concerning the pay of
the Army, when he had to take the train for
home.
The motion was agreed to.
j. j. ferris.
Ou motion of the SPEAKER, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the pension papers in the ease of J.
J. Ferris, as it was provided for under the gen-
eral law.
The SPEAKER stated that the unfinished
business was the report in reference to League
Island; and that if the House should adjourn it
would come up after the reading of the Jour-
nal to-morrow, and be the order of business
before the House until disposed of.
And then, on motion of Mr. KELLEY, (at
four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following'petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mi. ANCONA: Letter of Thomas M.Dukehart,
a first assistant engineer United States Navy, on the
subject of rank of assistant engineers in tho United
States Navy.
Also, letters of Michael Zeltzer, Isaac Eckert, pres-
ident of Farmers' National Bank; Isaac R. Fisher,
William Arnolds, G-. A. Nicholls, and others, direct-
ors and stockholders of said bank, remonstrating
against the passage of an amendment proposed to
the forty-first section of tho national currency act.
By Mr. DAVIS: Tho petition of JohnC. Millen in
behalf of tho German Evangelical Lutheran congre-
gation of St. John, praying an act to incorporate the
same.
By Mr. 1IOGAN: A petition of 13G citizens and
marblo workers of Muscatine, Iowa, praying for
increased duties on finished marble.
Also, a petition of 2,315 marble workers arid stone
masons of St. Louis. Missouri, praying for increase
of duty on wrought marble.
By Air. KKLBliY: The memorial of officers of tho
different historical and literal > societies of the United
States and tho State of Pennsylvania, praying Con-
gress to so modify tho existing laws as to permit post-
age on documents, and books forwarded to tho socie-
ties above named, to be paid on delivery; and that
the present rato of postago charged on certain de-
scribed papers and documents bo reduced fifty per
cent, below tho piescnt charges to said societies.
Also, a memorial of !>73 citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying Congress not to restore any State that has
rebelled and warred against the United States, to its
plaeo and power as agoverningpartnerin tho Union
till adequate security has been obtained against its
renewing tho attempt to secedo.
By Mr. IIAYMONI). The petition of Mrs, Cathe-
rine N. Croft, widow of Colonel Harriot N. Croft,
asking compensation for tho services of her late hus-
band during tho war against tho rebellion.
Also, a protest of a. largo number of inhabitants of
Salt Lako City, against sotting off tho west degree
of Utah to Nevada.
Also, petition of John B. Ennis and others, for an"
equalization of bounties.
rN SENATE.
"Wednesday, June 0, 18CG.
Prayer by tho Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
SENATOR FROM FLORIDA.
Mr. JOHNSON. I beg leave to present the
credentials of Wilkinson Call, cleeted a Sena-
tor of the United States from the State of
Florida for tho unexpired term ending the 3d
of March, 1809. 1 move that they lie on tho
table.
The motion was agreed to.
reports 01' committees.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
a joint resolution (S. U. No. 101) directing the
removal of certain obstructions from the pub-
lie square known as Market square, in the city
of "Washington, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 143)
making an appropriation for the repair of the
Potomac bridge, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Commit-
tee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of William Croswell, praying that he
maybe allowed a pension, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 354) for the re-
lief of William Croswell. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to bo printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (II. R. No. 610) for the
relief of Lucinda Gates, reported it without
amendment.
bills introduced.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent .obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. :R. No. 103) in relation to the
pay and accounts of collectors of internal rev-
enue who have failed to take the required oath
of office; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CON NESS. I should like to hear that
resolution read.
The Secretary read the resolution, which pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to adjust the accounts and pay the salaries
of all officers and employes of the Treasury
Department who have been heretofore actually
engaged in collecting revenue within the States
lately in insurrection, such adjustment and pay-
ment to be made with and to each officer or
employ6 who has failed to take the oath of office
requiredbylaw wheneverhis successor has been
duly appointed and lawfully qualified, and not
otherwise.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 355) to establish certain post roads; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Post "Offices and Post Roads.
VISITORS TO Is AVAL SCHOOL.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tlmtthe Secretary of the N avy be directed
to communicate to the Senate a copy of the report of
the Board of Visitors to tho late annual examination
of the Naval School.
REFERENCE OF A BILL.
Mr. NYE. Yesterday I introduced a bill (S.
No. 352) gr anting to A. Sutro the right of way
and granting other privileges to aid in the con-
struction of a draining and exploring tunnel to
the Comstock lode, in the 'State of Nevada,
and had it referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. The Senator from California [Mr.
Coxness] suggested at that time that the
proper reference would bo to the Committee
on Mines and Mining; and on reflection I have
come to that conclusion. I therefore move that
the Committee on Public Lands be discharged
from the further consideration of that bill, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Mines
and Mining.
The motion was agreed to.
ALEXIS GARDAPIER.
Mr. HARRIS. I move take up for consid-
eration Senate bill No. 308, which has been
reported from the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 308) confirming the title of Alexis Garda-
pier to a ccrtain tract of land in the county of
Brown, and State of Wisconsin, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
confirm the claim of Alexis Gardapier to a
certain tract of land situate in the county of
Brown, Wisconsin, described in the report of
the commissioners to examine titles and claims
in the Territory of Michigan as "lying on the
west bank of Fox river, and more particularly
known as being a vacant strip lying between
a tract No. 1, confirmed to Jacques Porlier, on
the north, and tract No. 2, confirmed to Louis
Grignon, on the south, commencing at low-
water mark, and running west eighty arpents,
and in width three arpents on the aforesaid
river;" and the bill also directs the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to issue a
patent therefor, which is to be recorded in the
office of the register of deeds for Brown county,
for the benefit of the heirs or assigns of Alexis
Gardapier.
The Committee on Private Land Claims re-
ported the bill with two amendments. The
first amendment was in line fourteen, after the
word "authorized," to insert "to cause the
said tract of land to be surveyed in the same
manner as other private claims to lands in
Green Bay have been surveyed."
The ameudment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lino seventeen,
after the words "to issue a patent therefor,"
to insert "according to the provisions of the
