1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
The following extracts are from the debates of
the "North Carolina convention, July'25,1788:
"Mr. Spencer. By this clause it is evident that it
is in the power of Congress lo make any alterations
except as lo the pla.ee of choosing Senators. They
may alter the time from six to twenty years, or to
anytime; for they have an unlimited control over the
election of the Representatives. It deprives the people
of the very mode of choo&ing them. It seems nearly
to throw the whole power of election into the hands
of Congress. It strikes at the mode, time, and place
of choosing Representatives. It puts all but the place
of cleetin g Ren ators into the hands of Congress.
"Mr. Iredell. An occasion may arise when the
exerciso of this ultimate power in Congiess may bo
necessary. As for instance, if a State should be in-
volved in war. audits Legislature could not assemble,
as was the case of South Carolina, and occasionally
of some other States during the late war. It might
also ho useful tor this reason: lest a few powerful
States should combine, and make regulations con-
cerning elections which might <(et>rivo man// of Jhe,
electors of a fair exercise of their ru/htn. and thusiniurc
the community, and occasion great dissatisfaction.
And it seems natuial and proper that every Govern-
ment should have in itself the menu* of its own pres-
ervation. A tow of the groat States might combine
to prevent the election of Representatives at all, and
thus a majority might bo wautingto do business.
"Mr. Spencer. This clause provides that a Congress
may at any (ime niter such regulations, except as to
the places of choosing: Senators, These words are so
vague and uncertain that it must ultimately destroy
the whole liberty of the United States. It strikes at
the very existence of the States, and supersedes the
necessity of having them at oil.
" Mr. Bloodworth. Now, sir, does not this clause
give an unlimited and unbound d power to Cony reus
owr the times, phizes, and manner of chooxint/ Repre-
sentatives'/ They may make the time of cleclion so
Ions, the place so inconvenient, and the manner so
oppre^ive, that it will entirely destroy representation.
I hopeerentlcmru uillexcn i?.ctheir own understand-
ing' onthi.i occasion, and not, let their judgment be led
away by these shining eh a raoters, fur whom, however,
I have the highest respect. This Cons!itution, if
adopted in its present mode, mn4 end in the subver-
sion of our liberties. SuppoM>it takespJaco in North
Carolina., can farmers elect then? No, sir. The elec-
tions may bo in such a. inanaer that men may be a p-
pointed who are not Representatives of the people.
This may exist, and it ought to be guarded against.
As to the place, suppose Congress should order tho
elections lo be held in the most inconvenient place,
in the most inconvenient district, could every person
entitlod to vote at! end at such a place? Suppose they
should eider it to bo laid olV into so many districts,
and order 1 he election to bo held within each district;
yet /inn/ not their )>oiot r orcr the manner of eh,ct ion ena-
ble (hem to (\c< ludcjrom Voting every dctscrijitiun of ,nan
thru pleuwf
" Governor Johnston. T am not apprehensive that
this article will be attended with all the latal con-
sequence* which the gentleman cone oiv«>s. / concc.ine
thai (bunrr** will have no otiter power than the States
hail. The States with regard to elections must be gov-
erned by tho articles of the Constitution; bo iuuht
Congress.
" Mr. M'Dowall. Tho freedom of election is one of
the greatest securities wo have tor our libort.y and
privileges. It was supposed by the member from
Kdenton, that tho control over elections was only
given to Congress lo bo used in ease of invasion. 1
cliltor from him. That could not have been their in-
tention, otherwise! hey could h:i vo expressed it. But,
air, il points forwaid to the tune when there will bo
jjo State ijolj'i^la I ores—to t he eonsolidal ion of all t he
States. Tho States will bo kept up as boards of elec-
tions.
" Air. Iredell answered that ho stated the case of
invasion as only one reason out of many, fin giving
the vltimntc control over elections to (bnuicHS.
"Mr. Davie. Tho gentleman from Kdenton (Mr.
Iredell) has pointed out tho reasons of giving this
control over elections, tho principal of which was to
prevent a diSolution of tho Government by design-
ing Slates. If ail tho States wore equally possessed
of absolute now ei uvei their elections, without any
control of Congress, danger might bo justly appre-
hended where one State possesses asmucUterritoryas
lour or live other-', and sonic of them beiug thinly
peopjednow, will daily become more numerous and
foi midable. Without this control in Congress, those
large States might successfully combine to destioy
the Genci.dUovcinment. It v, as thcreiore necessary
to control any combination of this kind.
" Another principal reason was, that it wouldoper-
ato m javor of t he people against the ambitious de-
signs of the bVderal Senate. 1 will illustrate this by
matter of fa<-t. The hi,-tory of the little State of Rhode
Island is well known. An abandoned taction have
sei/A'd o)i the reins of government, and frequently
refused to have any representation in Congress. //
Conyrr.s  lied the }>ow< r of makmythe Into of tlcct ion* op-
erate ihroit about the UnitrdStates no State* could with-
draw itself from the national councils without t lie con-
sent of a majority of members offendress. Had this
been_thc ease, that trilling State would not have with-
helditsrepiescalation. What has once happened may
happen again; an<l ii was necessary to give Congress
this power to keep tho (lovernment in full operation.
Ihis being a federal Government, and involving the
interests of several States, and some acts requiring
the assent of more than a majority, they ought to be
able to keep theirrenresentation full. It would have
been a solecism to nave a Government without any
iv of>' it-preservation. Tho C<mlod( iat ion i:'tho
onJyjnst-mcc ol a Government without such nienns.
anu ,i nei \ etess system,inadequate to e* cy i>m-
po-'c oi government as it is to the security of tho lib-
erties of the people of America. When the councils of
America have tlm power over elections, they can, in
spite of any faction iti any particular State, give the peo-
ple a representation.
" Mr. Spencer. The gentleman from Halifax said
that the reason of this ctause was, that some States
might be refractory. I confess that in my opinion
the circumstances of Rhode Island do not appear to
apply. I cannot conceive the particular cause why
Rhode'Island should not send Representatives to Con-
gress. If they wore united in one government, is it
presumed that they would waive the right of repre-
sentation? 1 have not the leastreason to doubt they
would make use of the privilege. With respect to the
construction that the worthy member put upon tho
clause, wcrethateonstruction established, I would be
satisfied; but it is susceptible of a different explana-
tion. They may alter the mode of election so as to
deprive tho people of tho right of choosing. I wish
to have it expressed in a more explicit manner.
"Mr. Davie. Mr. Chairman, tho gentleman has
certainly misconceived tho matter when he says
'that the circumstances of Rhode Island do not ap-
ply.' 3t is a fact well known, of which perhaps he
may not be possessed, that the State of Rhode Island
has not been regularl> represented for several years,
owing to the charactcr and particular views of the
prevailing party. By tho influence of this faction,
who are in possesion of the Slate government, tho
people have been frequently deprived of the benefit
of a representation in the Union, and Congress often
embarrassed by their absence. The same evil may
again result from tho same cause: and Congress
ought therefore to possess constitutional power to
give the people an opportunity of electing Repre-
sentatives if the States neglect or refuse to do it."
"Mr. Maclaine. Tbc clause enables Congress to
alter such regulations as the States shall havo made
with respect to elections. What would he infer from
this? What is it to alter? It is to alter the time,
place, and manner established by the Legislatures if
they do not answer tho purpote. Congress ought to
have power to pcrpetuato the Government, an-d not
the States, who might be otherwise inclined. I will
ask tho gentleman, and I wish he may give me a satis-
factory answer, -if the whole is not in the power of the
people an well when the elections are reyulated in Con-
orcfts an when by the States ? Are not both tho agents
of tho people amenable to them?"
1 cite with pleasure tho following extracts
from the debates of the Pennsylvania conven-
tion, October 28, 1787:
" Mr. Wilson. Ihopo, sir, that it wayio ciime to sow
tho seed oi self-preservation in tho federal Govern-
ment. Without this clause it would not possess self-
preserving power. By this clause the times, places,
and manner of holding elections shall bo prescribed
in each State by the Legislature thereof. 1 think it
highly proper that tho federal Government should
tit row tho exercise of this power into tho hands of the
State Legislatures, but not that it should be placed
there entirely without control.
" If the (.'anyi < us had it not in. their povn-rto make regu-
lations, what niipht be the conse<juenee f Some States
might make no regulations at all on thesubjeet. And
shall tho existence of the House of Representatives,
tho immodiato representation of the people in Con-
gross, depend upou the will and pleasure of the State
governments? Another thing may possibly happen:
I do not say it will; but we were obliged to guard even
against possibilities as well as probabilities. A Legis-
lature may be willing to make the necessary regula-
tions, yet the minoutyof that Lcgislutuio may, by
absenting themselves, break up the House and pre-
vent tho execution of tho intention of tho majority.
"I have supposed thecaso that.sonui State govern-
ments may inakonoreguhttionsat all. Itis possible,
al*o, that, they make improper regulations. 1 have
heard it surmised by tho opponents of this Constitu-
tion, that tho Congress may oulcr tho election for
Pennsylvania to be held at Pittsburg, and thence con-
clude that if woahl bo impropei forlheiu to havo the
exercise oft he power. Rut suppose, on tho other hand,
that the Assembly should order an election to beheld
at Pittsburg, ought not the General Government to
havo the power to altersuch improper election of one
of its own constituent parts/
"But there is an additional reason still that shows
tho necessity of this provisionary clause. The mem-
bers of tiio Scnato aio elected by the State Logisla-
tuics. If thone Lcaiilafurt.'i jtosscaHcd, uncontrolled, the
power of prescribing the times, places, and Manner of
electing members of the House of Heprescntatives, the
members of one branch of the (/em ral J/t:</t\btfu) e. would
be the tenant h at will of the (lections of the nth t-.r branch,
and the General Gove/ nmcut would lie prostrate at the
mercy of the Legislatures of the several States.''
In the same convention, ]>ceomber -1, 1787,
Mr. "Wilson said, quoting from Montesquieu:
"In a democracy the people arc in some respects
tho sovereign, and in others the subject. There can
be no exercise of sovereignty but by their suffrages,
which are t heir own will. Now, the sovereign's will
is the sovereign himself. The laws, therefore, which
establish the right of suffragoaro fundamental to this
Government. And, indeed, it is as important to reg-
ulate in a republic in what manner, by whom, to whom,
and eonccrnmg what, suffrages are to be given, as it
is m a monarchy to know who is the prince, and after
what manner he ought to govern."
Then Mr. "Wilson continues:
"Inthis system it is declared that the electors in
each Scatc shall have the qualifications lccjuisite for*
electors of the most numerous branch of the State
Legislatures This being made the miction of the
right o! sutfragc.  t is consequently soured, because
the same Constitution (luaru/iiit'/s to evt;ry Slato In tho
Union a republican form of government. The right
of suffrage is fundamental to republics."
Again, onDecemberll,1787, Mr. "Wilson said:
"It is repeated again and again by the honorable
gentleman, that the power over elections which is
given to the General Government in this system is a
dangerous power.' I must own I feel myself sur-
prised that an objection of this kind should be per-
sisted in, after what has been said by mv honorable
colleague in reply. I think it has appeared by a mi-
nute inv^stigation of the subject that it would have
been not oniyunwise buthighlyimproper in the late
Convention to haveomitted this clause, or given loss
power than it does over elections. Such powers, sir,
are enjoyed by every State government in the United
States. In some they are of a much greater magni-
tude, and why should this be the only one deprived
of them? Ought not these, as well as every other
legislative body, to have tho power of judging of tho
qualifications of its own members? 4 Thetimcy, places,
and manner of holding elections for Representatives
may be altered by Congress.' This power, sir, fata
been shown to be necessary, not only on soine particular
occasions, but even to the very existence of the Federal
Government. I have heard some very improbable
suspicions, indeed, suggested with regard to the man-
ner in which it will be exercised. Let us suppose it
may be improperly exercised, is it not more likely so
to be by the particular States than by the Govern-
ment of the United States? Because the General
Government will be more studious of the good of tho .
whole than a particular State will be; and, there-
fore, when the power of regulating the time, place,
or manner of holding elections is exercised by the
Congress, it will be to correct the improper regula-
tions of a particular State."
Mr. McKean, Deeeinber 11, 1787, said, in
answer to tho objections to section four, article
one:
"Kvery House of Representatives is of necessity to
be the judges of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of its own members. It is therefore their prov-
ince, as well as duty, to sec that they are fairly chosen
and are the legal members. Tor this purpose it is
proper they should have it in their power to provide
that the times, places, and manner of election should
bo such as to insure free undfair elections."
There is but a meager report of the proceed-.
ings of the South Carolina convention, yet we
have the rccord of the following language, ut-
tered by Charles Coteswortli Pinckney, who had
been a prominent member of the Convention
that framed the Constitution:
"It is absolutely necessary that Congress should
have this superintending power, lest by the intrigues
of a ruling faction in a State tho members of the
House of Representatives should not really represent
Oie people of the Sto.te, and lestthesarue faction, through
partial State views, should altogether refuse to send
Representatives of the people to the General Govern-
ment."
Cotesworth Pinckney was much less devoted
to the pernicious doctrine of State sovereignty
than are some of the gentlemen on this floor.
Mr. Speaker, I thus close the extracts I pro-
pose to offer from the debates in the Conven-
tion, Let us pause for a few minutes, however,
to examine the action of some of them. I
shall draw thence pregnant evidence in support
of my position, for the latitude of the congres-
sional power under the fourth section of the
first article was so keenly appreciated and was
so thoroughly repugnant to those who still
clung to tho anarchy-engendering idea of State
sovereignty, that each of live States that accom-
panied their acts of ratification by recommend-
ations of amendments, proposed an amend-
ment designed to restrict, curtail, or destroy con-
gressional control over elections in the States.
The Massachusetts convention proposed an
amendment in the following form :
"That Congress do not exercise the powers vested
in them by the fourth section of the first aiticie but
in cases where a Stare shall neglect or refuse to mako
the regulationstherem mentioned, or shall make reg-
ulations subversive of the riyhts of the people to a free
andei/ual i eprescntution in Congress, agreeably to the
Constitution."
The New Hampshire convention proposed
the following as an amendment:
"That Congress do not exercise the powers vested
in them by the fourth section of the first article but
in cases where a State shall neglect or refuse to make
the regulations therein mentioned, 01 tshallmake reg-
ulations subversive of the riohts- of the people to a free
and equal rcpres<ntation in Congress; nor shall Con-
gress in any case make regulations contrary to a free
and equal repiesentation."
The New York convention proposed the
following amendment:
"That the Congress shall not make or alter any
regulation in any State respecting the time?, places,
and manner of holding elections lor Senatois and
Representatives, unless the Legislature of such State
shall ncglect or lofase to make law*: or regulations
jbr the purpose, or from any circumstance be inca-
pable of making the same, and then only until the
Legislature of such State shall make provision in the
