1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3941
On the 10th of March arrangements were made, m
pursuance of the original plan, to arrest as bounty-
jumpers all who might apply for enlistment or who
might enlist at that office on that day. It was ex-
pected that a large number—at least one thousand-—
might be thus secured. But the plot was discovered
by the bounty-jumpers in time to preventits consum-
mation to the extent anticipated, and only one hun-
dred andeighty-threepersonswerethus arrested and
securcd. Upon these enlistments being made. Colo-
nel Ilges, in pursuance of said orders from General
Pry, issued certificates of their regular enlistments,
delivered the same to Allen, Riley & Hughes, which
they sold to the authorities of Jersey City, to be cred-
ited upon its quota. For these certificates of credit
or enlistment the authorities of Jersey City paid
Allen, Riley & Hughes $126,000. Of this sum, how-
ever, Colonel Ilges required, in conformity to the
aforesaid "general order," the sum of $300 ot the
bounty money of each recruit to be deposited with
hiin. In the cases of three out of the one hundred
and eighty-three so-called bounty-jumpers ^his was
neglected. As respects all the others it was complied
with, so as to leave from this in the hands of Colonel
Ilges the sum of $54,000. This money was at once
deposited by Colonel Ilges in the Broadway National
Bank, to await, as he says, the further order of the
Provost Marshal General.
The money was immediately claimed by Messrs.
Allen, Riley & Hughes, under an alleged contract
with General Fry. Colonel Ilges, however, did not
assent to their claim, But in view of the fact that the
men enlisted were then known to have been incar-
cerated at Fort La Fayette, and that no steps were
likely to be taken to prove them deserters, Colonel
Ilges claimed that if the men were held for service
without being convicted of any desertion it should
then go to them; but if the men were proved to be
deserters the United States Treasury should receive
the money, or, in case the credits should be disal-
lowed, that the money oughtto be refunded to the
local authorities, who had paid it in good faith, and
who would otherwise be defrauded by the act of the
Government itself.
Colonel Ilges states that on his application to
Messrs. Allen, Riley & Hughes to pay the balance of
the $900 which they had failed to deposit, they told
him it was unnecessary to do so, as the whole amount
in his hands ($54,000) would be paid back to them
within a few days by order of the Provost Marshal
General.
On the 18th of March, 1865, while the payment of
the $54,000 was suspended, and the question as to
who was entitled to reoeive it was pending, Theodore
Allen, of the firm of Allen, Riley & Hughes, had an
interview with General Fry, at theofece ot the latter
in the city of Washington.
The account which Allen gives of the conversation
which transpired at that interview, which your com-
mittee prefer to incorporate in the words of the wit-
ness, is as follows:
"Ijsentin my card into the War Department. I
first saw the messenger, who told me that General iry
couldnot be seen, as it was past the hour for receiv-
ing anybody. I told him it was very important that
I should see General Fry, and if General Fry knew
I was there he would see me. Ho took my card. I
then saw General Fry, and told him I had come in
response to a letter or telegram from him to Colonel
Baker, requesting me to come to Washington and
call upon him. ^ ^
" Question. What did General Fry answer to thaw
"Answer. He said 'yes;' that he had telegraphed
to Colonel Baker that he wished to see me; that he
understood we had not been quite as successful m the
Hoboken raid as we had expected. lie then asked
whathadbecomeofthcmoncy that had been received.
I told him that I had it all, or the firm had it, with
the exception of $54,000 that Colonel Ilges had re-
tained. He asked if Colonel Baker had ever asked
me for any part of thatmoney. I told him no, he had
not, and thatColonel Ilges lield854,000 of thatmoney,
and that I considered I was entitled to it through the
agreement between General Fry, myself, and Colonel
Baker, and that Colonel Ilges liold it and would not
pay it over till he was ordered to do so by General
Fry, on tho ground that the general order would not
allow him to do so unless General Fry ordered him
todoso. He then said,'That is all well; we shall
see about it.' Said he, 'The matter I wanted to see
you most about was with reference to recruiting affairs
at Utica.' I told him I was acquainted with a party
named Burke and another named Richardson, who
were doing recruiting business at Utica, and thought
I could get all the information possible. He said he
thought so too. and that he thought I was just the
person to get all the information, and for that reason
he had sent for me, because he would not trust any
of Colonel Baker's officers. He said there appeared
to be m Utica enormous frauds in tho provost mar-
shal's department as it was conducted by Captain
Crandail, and that he wanted to get at these frauds;
that he had tried and had not been successful, and
that he wished me to go to Utica. I told him I thought,
from what I had known of recruiting in Utica, and
from what I had heard, that if he had found out any
frauds in Utica i did not think they would implicate
Captain Ciandall, but would point more directly to
Major Haddock. He said he did not want any evi-
dence against Major Haddock, but against Captain
Crandail, and he also wanted evidence that would
implicate Mr. Co\KLiNGin the frauds, because ho had
set himself in opposition to him (General Fry) astlio
champion of Captain Crandail, and that he wished
me to proceed immediately to Utica and get that evi-
dence. He said he wished me to go to [Jtica and get
evidence that would implicate Mr. Conkling m the
frauds with Captain Crandail at all hazards; and
while I was gone that he would order this money that
Colonel Ilges held to be paid ovcrto me. itold him
it was better that it be paid to Riley, as he was the
treasurer. He said the order should be made. That
closed the conversation, I then left and went back
to New York."
On the 18th of March, the following telegram was
sent by General Fry to Colonel Baker:
Wab Department,
Peovost Marshal General's Bureau,
Washington,B.C., March 18,1865.
Colonel L.C. Baker,
No. 12 Vesey street, New York:
Allen is here, and tells me he can provide informa-
tion about the Utica district. I have told him to do
so. He starts back to New York to-night, and will
see you. Produce all the facts in that case.
JAMES B. FRY,
Provost Marshal General.
Colonel Ilges states that.having deposited the $54,-
000 in the hank on the 15th of March, he proceeded
on the 17th of March to Washington city, and, in per-
son, related to Provost Marshal General Fry all the
details connected with tho office at Hoboken, tho cap-
ture of the one hundred and eighty-three so-called
bounty-jumpers, and tho amount of money in his
hands, asking, at tho same time, for instructions in
regard to the disposal of the money. To which Gen-
eral Fry replied that further orders would be sent by
mail; that he (Colonel Ilges) then expressed to Gen-
eral Fry his fear that, at some future day he might
be called upon for explanations why he had, at his
office at Hoboken, acted contrary to existing orders
and regulations governingthe inusteringservice,and
that he intended to ask for a court of inquiry, when
Provost Marshal General Fry assured him that he
had done his duty well, and only obeyed orders.
On the 19th of March he received the following
dispatch:
War Department,
Provost Marshal General's Office,
Washington, D. C., March 19,1865.
Colonel: I am directed by the Provost Marshal
General to inform you that the credits of the men
mustered by you March 11, 1865, at Hoboken, New
Jersey, and credited to Jersey City at largo, are dis-
allowed, and that you will refund the money to the
parties who advanced it.
I am, coloncl, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, W. OWEISS,
Captain 6th United States Cavalry, A. A. A. G.
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Guido Ilges, U. S. A.,
Mustering Officer, Hobolc.cn, New Jersey.
On the 21st of March the following communication
was sent by Colonel Ilges to tho Provost Marshal
General:
Recruiting Service Fourteenth Infantry,
163 Hester Street, New York City,
March 21,1865.
Captain: I have the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of your communication of March 19, 186o,
informing me that the credits of men mustered by
me March 11, 1865, at Hoboken, New Jersey, and
credited to Jersey Oity at laige, are disallowed, and
instructing me to refund this money to the parties
who advanced it. ,.
1 beg leave to state that no men were mustered by
mc on the aforesaid date, but I infer that this com-
munication meant to say the 10th instead of the 11th
of March, 1863. . ,
I would respectfully state that on the said day four
regulars were mustered by me, and that if their
credits arc not to be affected they should be excluded
in the order. I mustered on the lUth day ot March
one hundred and eighty-three volunteers for three
years' so-oallcd bouftty-iumpers, and they were
credited to Jersey City at large, with the exception
ot fil teen recruits that were ci edited to Clinton town-
ship, Essex county, fourth congressional district,
New Jersey. , . .. .
I would further state that I have at my disposal
$300 local bounty for each of these one hundred and
eighty-threerccruits, and thatl received this amount
from Allen, Riley k Co., who had contracted with
the counties for these credits; and I would therefore
respectfully request that you inform me whether or
not, T am to refund this money to these parties, or to
the proper representatives of the classes who received
thecrcdits. -j.
These one hundred and eighty-three recruits were
properly mustered into the service by me, and 1 cred-
ited them according to instructions and orders regu-
lating the mustering service. None of these recruits
have as yet been proven to have been credited be-
fore; and when I gave these credits I did so as a Uni-
ted States officer, believing that I was domgmy duty,
and advancing the interests ot the plan of Colonel
Baker, sanctioned by the Provost Marshal General.
I am informed that tho county representatives who
received these credits paid a large amount ot pre-
miums to Messrs. Allen, Riley & Co., besides the $o00
local bounty: and as they have done so after having
been informed by mc of the correctness of these cred-
it?, I would respectfully call your attention to the
fact that when these credits are disallowed the said
localities will lose a large amount of money paid out
bv them in good faith. I am not aware what amount
of money was paid to Messrs. Allen, Riley & Co. lor
each rccruit, and cannot even give a probable guess,
as I only collected the usual amount from them—-300
forcach recruit, thisbcing the amount ot bounty paid
to areeruit enlisted at Hoboken, j\cw Jersey.
I would here add that Messrs. Allen, Ruey & Co.
are the parties who carried out the plan above re-
ferred to, and I only allowed them to be present m
my office, and to contract for these credits contrary
to existing orders, alter 1 had been assured by Col-
onel L. C. Baker, special agent of the W ar Depart-
ment. that the whole proceeding was sanctioned by
the Provost Marshal General United States Army.
I therefore respectfully request thart you inform me,
at your earliest convenience, what disposition I am
to make of tho money referred to.
I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, GUIDO ILGES, Captain lith Infantry*
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Vols., Recruiting Officer.
Captain W. Owens,
§(h U. S. Cavalry, A. A. A. G., "Washington, D. C.
In reply to this letter of the 21st, Colonel Ilges
received on the 24th of the same month the following
reply:
War Department,
Provost Marshal General's Bureau,
Washington, D. C., March 23,1865-
Colonel: I have the .honor to acknowledge the
receipt of your communication of the 21st instant,
and, in reply, would state that the communication of
the 10th.instant, referred to, was intended to cover
the cases of the one hundred, and eighty-three so-
called bounty-jumpers, and that the amount which
you received for the purpose of paying bounties to
theseone hundred and eighty-three so-called bounty-
jumpers the provost marshal directs to bo refunded
to the parties who advanced it.
I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, W. OWENS,
Captain 5th U. S. Cavalry, A. A. A. G.
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel Guido Ilges,
United States Army, Hester Street, Neio York.
The suspicions of Allen, as he alleges, had been
somewhat excited by the course of General Fry in
the transaction between them, and he resolved if
possible, as he says, to circumvent him, and accord-
ingly ho communicated the result of his interview
with General Fry to various parties at New York,
and resolved not to go to Utica, but to wait at New
York a sufficient time to induce in General Fry's
mind a belief that he had in fact complied with his
agreement, and then sent to him the following dis-
patch:
[No. ol.]
American Telegraph Company,
March 24,1865.
Brigadier General Fry, t
Provost Marshal General, Washington, I). C,:
I havejust returned from Utica, and Colonel Ilges
refuses to del iver the money received trom mc becauso
your order is dated thcllth instead of 10th of March.
Please answer through Colonel Baker.
THEO., ALLEN.
Please write your address under your signature.
On tho same day the following telegram was"sent.
by General Fry to Colonel Baker:
[Original by telegraph.]
War Department,
Provost Marshal General's Bureau,
Washington, D. C., March 24,18b5.
Coloncl L. C.Baker,
No. 12 Vesey Street, Reio York City:
I have been informed by Theodore Allen, of New
York, that Colonel Ilges declines to turn over the
money received from the bounty-jumpers on tho 11th.
instant. I wish you to see Colonel Ilges and havehim
turnover this money as dircctedkMEg ^
Provost Marshal General.
On the 24th of March, Messrs. Allen, Riley &
Hughes, in company with a Mr. Stanley, colled upon
Colonel Ilges, demanded of him the $54,000, and
upon his rcfusincrto give up the money to them until
he could see Coloncl L. C. Baker and ask his advice
in the matter, they threatened immediate legal pro-
ceedings to compel the delivery of the money. Col-
onel Ilges then called upon Colonel Baker, at his
office, but being unable to see him at that time, he
proceeded to the office of the United States distnct
attorney, D. L. Smith, Esq., No. 12 Chambers street,
and laid the case before one of the attorneys m his
office, who advised him not to give up .the money
until he had fiuthcr order* from Washington, lie
also consulted with several officers of the regular
Army then in the city, and was by them advised to
the same effect.
On the 25th of March,1861, Colonel Ilges was again
sent for by Colonel L. C. Baker, and upon his arrival
at Colonel Bakers office a telegraphic dispatch was
shown him by Coloncl Baker from the Provost Mar-
shal General, directing him to order L olonel llecs to
turn over the amount of money (&o4,000) held by him
as bounty for the one hundred and eighty-three bo-
called bounty-jumpers to Messrs. Allen, Riley <5r Co.
After some hesitation Colonel Ilges then proceeded
to the National Broadway Bank, accompanied by
Messrs. Allen, Riley, Hughes, and Stanley, and tiiero
d-rew tho following check:
No. 24. New York, March 25,18Go.
National Broadway Bank, pay to Messrs. Peter
Riley k Co., or bearer, fifty-four thousand dollars,
C$54,000.) gxjidO ILGES, Cap!, lilh F. S.Ig.,
Brevet Lt. Col. U. S. A., liecruiting Officer.
This chcck was then handed to Peter Riley in tho
presence of the others, and he presented it to the
ing teller of the said bank and received the to4,000xn
payment of the same. *
On the 25th of March General Fry sent the follow-
ing dispatch to Colonel Baker:
Peotost Marshal Weseeal's B™?att,
Washington, d. c., Hureh 2d, lbto.
Colonel L, C. Baker, Neiv York: ^
You mu«t prepare :ill the facts m the case ot the
Uliea district without reference to Msuor
ton's report. It is absolutely necessary ioi mo to nave
th?m, whether Major^Luddington has been able to
obtain them or not. See Allen and let him ma.vO it
his business to straighten this pry,
Provost Marshal General.
