1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
rebellion underauthority and by virtue of orders
shall give to any person injured an action for
damages on account of it. That is a very dif-
ferent tiling. Require your plaintiff to make
his case; but do not undertake by one great
act of—I hardly know what to call it; 1 will
say dispensation, because it is to say that the
laws which are the sovereign, and which we all
admit we are willing to obey, shall for this turn,
pro hue vke, have no place, that for a given
time the people of this country, owing to the
rebellion, shall be taken to have had no law.
That. I think, Mr. President, we are not pre-
pared now to do. I hope we are not prepared
to do it. I would the rather suppose that in
the restoration which we contemplate, and in
bringing back the country to its old harmony
ami fraternal relations, it would be well to pre-
serve as near as possible all of our laws and
all of the spirit of those laws under which we
have succeeded for about three quarters of a
century as well as it was possible, and that we
should not introduce into our code and make
part of our svstem anything which was not
consistent with it and which was not based
upon the fundamental principles which liave
heretofore characterized that law and given it
its high character among us. .
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sena-
tor from Vermont.
Mr. CLARK. I hope this amendment will
not be .agreed to by the Senate. The scope of
it, I understand, is to limit the effect of the bill
to those States in which martial law has boon
declared, or rather where the habeas corpus
has been suspended and to leave these men
•who were commanded to do certain things in
States where the hitbcai corpus has not been
suspended, by their military superiors, to take
their chances with a suit at law. The bill is
in amendment oF an act passed March 3. 18G3.
''rclat'iips, to habeas corpus and regulating
judicial proceedings in certain cases," and
the, fourth section of that act provided:
"That any order of the President, or under his
authority, made at any time duiim the existence of
the present rebellion, shall be a defense in all coiuts
to any action or prosecution, civil or criminal, pend-
11<'!' or to be commenced, for any search, seizure,
an-ost, or imprisonment, made, done, or committed,
or acts omitted to be done, under and by virtue of
sorder, or under color of any law of Congress;
and such defense may be made by special pie.!, or
under the general issue."
You will bear in mind, Mr. President, that
this section provides that any order of the
President or under his authoiitv shall lie a
defense. In the course of this rebellion a great
many tilings have been done by other oilicers
than the President of the United States, and
where you cannot trace the act directly back to
the authority of the President; as, for instance,
a general in command would order a certain
thing to be done, and the officer under him, the
inferior officer or the soldier, would go and do
it; and so the act of March 3, lSli.J, was no
protection either to the officer or the man under
. him who did the act, because he could not trace
his authority back to the President. This bill
goes on to provide further, that if these acts
were done "by any otiicer or person under and
by virtue of any order written or verbal" —
it happens sometimes that the order was verbal,
there was no written order, and it was diffi-
cult to be proved in this respect—"general or
special, issued by the President or Secretary
of War, or by any military odicer of the-United
States holding the command of the department,
district, or place within which such seizure,
search, arrest, or imprisonment was made,
done, or committed;" that order shall be a
dofen.-e.
Now, it so happens, as the rebellion is pass-
ing away, as the rebel soldiers and officers are
returning to their homes, that I may say thou-
sands ot suits are springing up all through the
land, especially where the rebellion prevailed,
against ihe loyal .men of the country wdio en-
deavored to put the rebellion down. In one
single State. and that a State which never se-
ceded. I am told theie are three thousand of these
suits agaiiiot the loyal men who attempted to
put the rebellion down, and, strange to say, in
that State some of the courts have declared that
an order given by a Union officer to his subor-
dinate was no defense, but if given by a rebel
it was a defense, and the man set free. That
is so.
Mr. JOHNSON. How is it proved? Ishould
like to know.
Mr. CLARK. I have it from the member
of Congress who was in the court when it was
done.
Mr. JOHNSON. One of the superior courts?
Mr. CLARK. One of the courts of one of
the States. I do not know whether it was the
superior court, but it was one of the courts
which had cognizance of the thing.
Mr. JOHNSON. A justice'of the peace,
perhaps.
Mr. CLARK. Not a justice of the peace,
butsomebody whohad jurisdiction of theeause ;
and it becomes absolutely necessary that there
should be some act to protect the men who
have been fighting our battles for us and put-
ting this rebellion down, llow long ago was
it that General Terry came here from Rich-
mond in the pursuit of his ordinary business,
and was prosecuted here in this District for
something he had done somewhere in the de-
partment of Virginia? And so on through the
iand. No longer ago than last evening I read
an account from a North Carolina paper that
all through that State, since the rebellion has
been subdued, and the rebels are returning,
suits arc springing up from one end to the oilier:
and these rebel courts are ready to decideagainst
your Union men and acquit the rebel soldier.
If the Governor of one of those States had not
interfered with his pardon, men would have
gone to the State prison in that State for doing
acts in pursuance of putting down the rebel-
lion. And now the Senator from Vermont
moves that this bill shall not apply to a loyal
State, but shall be confined to States where the
habetis corpus has been suspended. I must
say I was surprised that the amendment should
come from the Senator from Vermont; but I
was not at all surprised that it should be in-
dorsed by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CONNESS. That was as natural as
could be.
Mr. CLARK. Perfectly natural.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will not dishonor the paper, if
it is good, on account of the poorness of the
indorsement. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLAltK. Certainly I would not, but I
will say that if the Senator had been with us
here during the rebellion, he would not have
signed that paper.
Mr. COWAN. I hope that the honorable
Senator may allow me to indorse that paper.
Mr. NYE. Will it improve it any? [Laugh-
tor. ]
Mr. COWAN. I think it would. Ianvpretty
well satisfied that if the Senator from Nevada
had a good deal of his indorsed in the same
way it would improve it. [Laughter.] But 1
have been in the habit of indorsing paper from
the same State from which the honorable Sen-
ator [Mr. Edmcxds] hails, and 1 am proud to
see that the place of a Senator and a lawyer
who formerly distinguished these Halls by his
presence, (Mr. Col'lamer.) and with whom I
had the honor to agree. I think, much oftcner j
than the honorable Senator from New Hamp- |
shire, is filled by one who oilers paper that can i
again be indorsed by me. _ |
Mr. CLAIUv. I have no doubt in the world
that the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
is glad to see a bit of paper of this kind from
Vermont, it is so unusual: and I knew as well
when it was offered that he would indorse it !
as I did after he put his name without recourse |
on the back of it. j
Now, Mr. President, what is the reason why j
we undertake to shield these men in a case of j
this kind? First, because they aie in pursuit |
of a worthy cause in putting down the rebel- !
lion ; and secondly, because when a soldier js ;
commanded to do a tiling he cannot resist it.
The soldier has the order of his superior to go
and do so and so. What shall he say? "I
will not do it, sir." Then he is court-mar-
tialed or put in the guard-house at once. He
obeys ; lie cannot well do otherwise; and then
because he is in a loyal State he is not to have
the protection of the Government, forsooth !
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont was the author of the law of 1803.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that the old
Senator from Vermont was the author of that
law, and I did not know that the Senator from
Pennsylvania indorsed it.
Mr. COWAN. I did indorse it; and if the
Senator from New Hampshire does not know
it. I can tell him that I myself was the author
of some of its provisions.
Mr. CLARK. I am glad to hear him say
so, for I have had it my mind, somehow or
other, that the Senator from Pennsylvania had
been changing around; now he has indorsed
the contrary.
Mr. CO\\'AN. A very intimate friend of
mine was supposed at the time that bill was
passed to be in some trouble in this particular
direction ; and I am not so certain whether the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, who
is generally exceedingly captious and exceed-
ingly tart, did not somewhat reflect on me at
that time because I was constructing that bill
in order to shield my friend; hut we did not
make it go beyond the order of the President
or his authority at that time.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is entitled to the benefit of that acltnmyl-
edgment that he voted for the law to shield a
friend. Has anybody else got a friend that
wants to be shielded? These men were sol-
diers of a common country, and if the Senator
from Pennsylvania will not shield them, the
country should.
Now—and I am going to confine myself to
this amendment—it is admitted that this is
necessary in the rebel States, if you permit me
to call tliem so, or in the seceded States. But
suppose a case occurred in the State of New
York. I think it was in 1808 when the riots
occurred in the city of New York, and it was
necessary to have a force there to maintain
order. Suppose General Butler had said to
one of his inferior officers, "You must do so
and so." and he went and did it, in pursuance
of keeping the peace there and maintaining the
authority of the Government, is not that man
to be shielded? Suppose you follow it down
from soldier to soldier, if you follow the order
from one, grade to another, so long as the man
acts under ihe order, so long should he be
protected.
I agree entirely with the Senator from Illi-
nois, that if a man has an orderof this kind
and with that order in his possession he abuses
the order and does what he is not required by
the order, he cannot protect himself under the
order. Does the Senator from Vermont think
that he would be able to do so? If an officer
bv virtue of a writ should go and attempt to do
certain things not commanded in the writ, and
then should try to piotect himself by the writ,
it would be at once said, "You did what you -
need not do and what the writ did not com-
mand yon to do.'' Suppose a man comes upon
mv ground; I put him off; and in putting him
off, without any necessity I kick him and abuse
him, and ho sues me in court, and I plead that
he was on my ground and that I put him off.
"Ah! but." says he, "you not only put me
off, but you kicked me:" then :t would not
defend me: there could be no pretense that
it would defend me. So. if a man was com-
manded to go and take a horse and impress
him into the Army, and he went and robbed a
house, the order would not protect liim; or if
he went and stole a pig, the order v.-ould not
protect him. It is what he is commanded to
do by the order that the order protects him
ascaiust; and it should protect him against that.
! He must follow the line of Ms orders or he
I cannot be protected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator from
i: New Hampshire mean to contend that an ex-
II cess in degree in the execution of one of these
