2982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jane 6,
Government would not be injured in any regard
by accepting it on those terms; but Mr. Forbes
does not want to let the Government have her
at $000,000. He wants the privilege of selling
her, and thinks he can sell her to foreign par-
ties or the representatives of foreign Govern-
ments for a considerable sum over $600,000,
for she has cost him $350,000 in exccss of the
amount that he received under the contract.
Hence the alternative in the resolution, author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy, if he sees fit—
leaving it discretionary with him—to allow Mr.
Forbes to take the vessel, he paying back to
the Government the amount that has been
paid by the Government to hii&. It has been
intimated by the Senator from Illinois, I be-
lieve, that wo have no necessity for this vessel.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquired if we had.
Mr. GRIMES. Wo have not any immediate
necessity for her. We have not any actual, im-
mediate necessity for any vessel-of-war hardly,
or but for very few ; but the theory upon which
we proceed is that we shall have vessels-of-
war ready to hand in case of any great national
emergency occurring. I am satisfied, from
what 1 know, that the engines can be taken out
of (he hull of this vessel and new engines sub-
stituted in place of them, and she would be a
most eflieient and valuable vessel-of-war; and
the engines thai are now in her could be taken
out and remodeled, and used for very valuable
purposes by the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. L should like to inquire
of the Senator from Iowa if ho, as chairman
of the Naval Committee, if this were a new
question, would now recommend the construc-
tion of such a vessel. 1 know that the policy
of the Government is to have a navy, to some
extent, in time of peace, to be ready for war;
but would he think it advisable, with the Navy
we lnne on hand, to recommend the construc-
tion of a vessel of this class at this time, if
she were not already built,?
Mr. GRIMES. That is a pretty ditlicult
question to decide, and 1 do not know that I
am called upon to decide it under the present,
cii't umstauccs. We have got to keep up wooden
ships ; they are much cheaper as cruisers, and
they have got to be used for that, purpose ; and
it 1 wan going to Imild wooden ships, 1 do not
know ol any vessel that, would be more cllicient
for the purpose lor which wo want to use then)
than this kiiul of vessels. 1 do not think, with
the lights now before me, that 1 would put such
an engine into her as there is in this vessel.
Tlio hull of this vessel is an excellent, one. The
hull alone has cost, 1 suppose, two or three
hundred thousand dollars. Thai the engine is
defective f have not any doubt; but it is my
conviction that if Iter engine was taken out,
and broken up and used, as portions of it
might be lor other purposes, and anew engine
put into her, she would be an excellent, valua-
ble, and eflieient, vessel, and would not cost
the Government more than it would cost to
build a, vessel .similar in design to this for the
purposes of the Navy. I do not think that the
Government would lose anything, therefore, in
taking her oil Mr. Foibcs's hands; but Mr.
Forbes does net, want to let the Government
have her. She has cost him $0o(),000 more
than the contract price, and it is to favor Mr.
Forbes, if lie cannot make a satisfactory ar-
rangement with the Secretary of the Navy, that
this alternative is inserted in the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As Mr. Forbes seems
to want this vessel and has lost a good deal of
money upon her, and even the chairman of the
Naval Committee is not satisfied to advise us
that he would undertake the construction of
such a vessel at this time, I will move to strike
out this alternative proposition so that the joint
resolution will read:
That thfSccrctary of tile Jfavy bo, and he is hereby,
authorized to transfer the steam screw sloop-ot-war
Idaho to the contractor, Paul S. Forbes, on his giv-
ing bond, with good and sufficient security, to be ap-
proved by the Secretary ot the Navy, to refund lo the
Department, within six months from the date of
such transfer, all advances of money made by the
Government to the said Paul S. Forbes on account
ot the construction and equipment of said vessel.
He seems to have been a patriotic citizen, and
was engaged in this undertaking from patriotic
motives, and now he thinks he can save himself
by selling this vessel, and I would not, for one,
desire to hold him to the contract, as I think
the Government can have no immediate need
for the vessel. I therefore propose this amend-
ment so as simply to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to release him from his contract
and transfer to him the claim of the Govern-
ment to the vessel on his refunding the money
advanced in six months. I make that motion,
to strike out the alternative proposition.
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Illinois whether the Secretary
of the Navy does not possess the power, aside
from this resolution, of accepting the ship if
ho pleases. The object of this resolution was
to give Mr. Forbes this alternative, as he had
lost some three hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars any way in auc.xpcrimentwhichhasproved
in the British navy to be entirely successful. I
think the great trouble was that he attempted to
make it too economical a ship, and in thatway
so lessened its power as to make it less effi-
cient ; but the principle upon which that power
is applied has been recently applied in the
British navy with great success. -I hope the
resolution will not be amended- It can cer-
tainly work no hardship, for the Secretary of
the Navy would have the right to accept the
vessel if he pleased without any law. We de-
sire to give the Secretary the alternative, to
allow him to take her if ho chooses, or to trans-
fer her to Mr. Forbes, if he has a prospect of
selling her so as to save himself from the loss
that he has incurred. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will not. insist on his amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is some little vari-
ance in the character of the vessel from the
vessel described in the contract. Her execu-
tion does not exactly come up to what was stip-
ulated for in the contract- It is possible, for
that reason, that the Secretary of the Navy
might, not bo empowered, without some legis-
lation, to accept tin1 vessel. But suppose, for a
moment, that Paul S. Forbes, for some reason
beyond his control, was unable to accept the
last of these propositions, and return to the
Government the money advanced to him, and
at the same time the Government really de-
sired to take the \essel, why should they be
debarred from doing so? 1 am satisfied'that
the committee, in the tesoltiUon which we have
reported here, have presented a method of set-
tlement which the Government ought at once
to accept. If fhev do not, this thing will be
presented here from year lo year to the Gov-
ernment, and this opportunity will be lost to
the Government in all probability.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ther e seems to bo very
little basis, then, for the assertion that. Mr.
Forbes is anxious not to have the Government
take this vessel.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have not said so. I
said that by possibility such might be the case,
and 1 think the Government ought to protect
itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was given as a
reason, I supposed, for the passage of the res-
olution, that this was a very valuable vessel,
and the Government was making something by
the contract, and Mr. Forbes did not want the
Government to take it. Now. when we pro-
pose that the Government do not take it, upon
whom there would be no obligation whatever
to take it, I imagine, at this time, atid when it
is proposed to let Mr. Forbes take the vessel
just n-• he wants to do, the objection is inter-
posed that that may not satisfy Mr. Forbes,
that after all he may not be able to take it. I
was a little apprehensive of that, I confess. I
have no doubt in the world, from the intima-
tions thrown out by the Senator from Minne-
sota, that the Government of the United States
will get the vessel at $600,000, if you leave in
the first, proposition; but if it really bo true
that Mr. Forbes is to be damaged therebv, let
him have the benefit of his vessel. That is the
way the statement was made. Certainly we
shall not be troubled with this thing year after
year, as the Senator from Minnesota supposes,
if Mr. Forbes really does not want us to take
the vessel. There is no danger of that.
Mr. RAMSEY. A misfortune might occur
to him between this and to-morrow by which
he would lose the ability to refund the money
already advanced by the Government. * That
is possible. I have no doubt about his honest
desire on the subject, or of his ability at this
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Government
of the United States, from the intimations we
have had here, can have no particular use for
this vessel at this time, and in my judgment it
will be a great saving if Mr. Forbes can dis-
pose of her. I have suggested the amendment
to the Senate, and if they choose to do so they
can vote it down.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read at the desk.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in line four, after the word "authorized,"
to strikeout the words "as in his judgment
he deems best, either to accept," and to insert
the words "to transfer;" in line five to strike
out the word "of" after the word "Idaho" and
insert the word "to;" and in line six, after
the word "Forbes," to strike out the words
"at the contract price of $000,000, or trans-
fer the said vessel to the said contractor, on
the latter" and to insert the words " oil his;"
so that the resolution will read :
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and ho is hereby,
authorized to transfer the steam hloop-of-wnr Idaho
to the contractor, Paul S. Forbes,on his giving bond,
with good and sufficient security, to ho approved by
the Secretary of the Navy, to refund to the Depart-
ment, within six months from the date of such trans-
fer, all advances of money made by the Government
to the said Paul S. Forbes, on account of the con-
struction and equipment of said vessel.
Mr. CRAGIN. There is one point in this
ease to which I desire to call t.he attention of
the Senator from Illinois and others as a rea-
son why his amendment should not prevail.
The Government has already paid Mr. Forbes
$550,000, or within §50,000 of the contract
price. Now, suppose Mr. Forbes should con-
clude not to take this vessel, how is the Gov-
ernment going to get back this $550,000? Had
they not better take the vessel and advance the
remaining §50,000, if necessary, rather than
lose all they have paid on the vessel?
Mr. TRUMBULL. They will have the
vessel.
Mr. CRAGIN. You propose not to permit
tl^em to take it-
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no obligation
on the part of the Government to take it, but
this resolution proposes that it maybe trans-
ferred to him on his giving good and sufficient
security to refund the advances made to him,
which would hold him. I suppose there can
be no trouble about that. The $50,000, per-
haps, would be a sufficient margin to enable
Mr. Forbes to dispose of the vessel. I have
not looked into the statutes on the subject, but
I can have no reason to doubt that- the Gov-
ernment would have a lien on the vessel for
the amount of these advances ; that nothing
could be done with it so as to deprive the
Government of its claim.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not put this case on
any such ground as that. Mr. Forbes is able
to refund this money to the United States
Government; but here are the facts: as a
patriotic citizen, he undertook, without any
particular regard to the amount the vessel was
going to cost him, to make a ship of certain
dimensions and .with a certain speed. He
made her. She cost him $350,000 more than
lie contracted for. We have paid him $550,000
of the $000,000 we agreed to pay if she should
make the speed he agreed. She is a good ves-
sel ; and we propose to take the vessel, not
paying him the amount that he expended over
and above the contract price, but simply to
take the vessel upon the terms we agreed to
take her, and to forgive him for not making
the speed he undertook to make.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The time within which
she was to bo completed was not complied with.
Mr. GRIMES. She was not to be com-
pleted until about the time the war was ended.
