1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Carroll. Clymer? Fitzsimonsj Gilman, Madison,
and Sherman, voted in the negative.
I submit, Mr. Speaker, to the House and
country whether the proceedings just reviewed
do not show clearly that the First Congress
maintained, after the most elaborate discus-
sion, the supervisory power of Congress over
the suffrage regulations of the States, so far as
related to the most numerous branch of the
Legislature ?
But the question received further illustration
at the hands of the First Congress. By refer-
ence to the first volume of the Annals, it will
be found that, January 15, 1700:
" Ordered, That a committee be appointed to pre-
pare and brin? in a bill or bills for establishing a
uniform system of naturalization; and that Mr.
Hartley of Pennsylvania, Mr. Tucker of South Car-
olina, and Mr. Moore of Virginia, be of said com-
mittee."
On February 3:
"The House went into a Committee of the "Whole
on the bill establishing a uniform rule of natural-
ization. Mr. Baldwin m the chair. The first clause
enacted that all tree white persons who have orshall
mijrrare into the United States, and shall give satis-
factory proof before a magistrate, by oath, that they
intend to reside therein, and shall take an oath of
allegiance, and nha/l have resided in the United States
for one whole year, shall ho entitled to all the rights
of citizenship, except being capable of holding office
under the State or General Government, which capa-
city they are to acquire after a residence of two yours
more."
The next day, February 4, the same bill being
under consideration:
"Mr. Smith, of South Carolina, admitted the pro-
priety of recommitting the hill; hut lie wished some
principle to he first established for the direction of
the committee; for, at piv-ent, he was at a loss to con-
ceive what was the pre vailing opinion. Many gentle-
men had iuigge<ted now ideas which occasioned new
difficulties; lie hoped they would .settle and remove
some of them betoie tiicy rose. The gentleman Irom
Maryland I Mr. Sency] has observed that we have no
right to declare u)wn what term# an alien shall be ad-
mitted to the ollicen of the State governments; the name
argument extendi aho to the voters. This opinion opens
a new field of' argument, and entirely changes the sys-
tem; it ought therefore to be decided. For his part
lie was of o))tnu>n that, a uniform rule o/ naturalization
would extend to make a nntff>rtn ride of <-ilizenship }>< r-
vade the whole, continent, and decide th« right of a for-
eigner to be admitted to elect, or bo elected, in any
of the St.it rs
"Mr. Tuck kr,of South Carolina With respeet to the
latter part of the first clause, ho agreed with the gen-
tleman Irom Maryland, f *Mr. Sency, i that, we ought to
provido a rule of naturalization, without attempting
todclinethe particular privileges acquired thereby
under the State governments. By the Constitution
of the United States, tho electors of tho House of Hop-
resontath es are to have, the qualifications requisite
for electors of the most numerous branch of the Shi to
Legislatures. lie prevoncif it was to he left, tothc dis-
cretion of the State (•'institution') icho were to lie the elect-
orn of the State fjcnixfaturcn; and therefore tho Gen-
eraliJovernmcnt had no right to interfero thorcin."
Gentlemen ask why, if this power exists, it
has not been exereiscd. The limitation of my
time precludes an elaborate reply, but [ may
show how politicians impaired the achieve-
ments of patriot statesmen. The efforts in the
Convention and in Congress, when proposi-
tions to amend tho Constitution "were under
consideration to deprive Congress of the ulti-
mate control over elections in ilie States having
so signally Tailed, tho advocates of State rights
resorted to popular expedients by which they
hoped to overthrow that which they had been
unable to undermine. They appealed to the
passions and pride of the people and- excited
the fears of the slaveholders throughout the
country, and succeeded in imbuing the control-
ling minds of the country with the pernicious
doctrines set forth in the Kentucky and Virginia
resolutions of 171)8.
Mr. WiilGHT. T desire to ask tho gentle-
man a question. has spoken of James Mad-
ison and of the resolutions of 1798. I would
ask him whether those resolutions of 171)8 were
not in affirmation of State rights, and as such
contrary to the doctrine that the gentleman is
insisting upon to-day?
Mr. K EL LEY. As my time is inflexibly
limited by the courtesy of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hale] I cannot stop to answer
a side question.
Mr. AVKIGHT. Proceed, sir.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, so successful
were the labors of those who had determined
from the first to prevent the formation of a
perfect Union, and so thoroughly was the spirit
of State rights infused into the political phi-
losophy of that day, that in 1807 we find a Rep-
resentative from Virginia, who was too well
informed and too frank and courageous to deny
that what I claim had been put into the Con-
stitution was there, declaring in the national
House of Representatives that the controlling
power of Congress over elections in the States
had become a "dead letter,'? because it had
not up to that time been exercised. I speak of
John Randolph, of Roanoke.
The following paragraphs are from a debate,
November 12, 1807, on the contested-election
case of Barney us. Creery, and will be found in
the Annals of Congress, Tenth Congress, first
session, page 887.
Mr. Fisk, of Vermont, (subsequently a judge
of the supreme court of that State,) said that—
"There was one part of the Constitution applica-
ble in the present discussion which had not been
noticed. lie alluded to the fourth section of the first
article, 'The times, places, and manner,' &c. .Mr.
Fi«<k would only ask the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Randolph.) who had so ably defended the right
of the States, ifthepowerof Congress was not coequal
and coextensive with that of the States. Congress
might alter and prescribe the rule of elections so far
as respected the time, manner, and place. [The word
"manner" is italicized in tho report.] If thegentle-
man contended that the States had a right to fix
qualifications, he must also admit that Congress had
tho same right.
Mr. Randolph, of Virginia, said in reply:
" The gentleman from Vermont has quoted a part
of the Constitution which had nothing to do With this
subject—which, in fart, in that dav was nothing better
than a dead letter. Would the gentleman from Ver-
mont move for a bill to regulate the time, place, and
manner of holding elections in the several States for
members to that House? After all that could be
.said, practice, lon?-established practice under the
Constitution was the best evidence what the Consti-
tution was. Powers indisputably exerciscd by the
States ever since itsadoption were as much departed
from the (- oneral Government and imparted to tho
States as if especially delegated by the Constitution
itself."
Sir, may I not ask whether the war just
closed has not demonstrated the falsity of the
doctrine that essential powers of tho Govern-
ment may die in consequence of their non-
exercise (or a term of years? The war against
the rebellion called into energetic activity vital
powers of the Government that had lain dor-
mant since the adoption of the Constitution
because they had never been called into action
by the exigency against which they were or-
dained to provide. Sir, to the great authorities I
have invoked L add one moi e. To name h'im will
doubtless surprise the House. Whatever gen-
tlemen may think of his patriotism, none will
deny John C. Calhoun's familiarity with the
phraseology or history of the Constitution, and
in a speech in the Senate, April 2, 18K>, on
the bill for the admission of Oregon, Ik1 said:
" Whatever ditTorenee of opinion there niny he as to
what other riehts appertain to a citizen, alt must at
least afreet tint he has the rijrht to petition and also to
claim tho protection of hip Govci nmcnt. These he-
ton1? to him as a member ol the body-politic, and tho
possession ot'them is what separates citizens of tho
lowest condition tiom aliens andslnves. Tosuppose
that a, State can make an alien a citizen of the State,
or, to prevent the question more special///, run confer on
him the right of rohny, won Id invotvo the absurdity
of Kivins him n, direct and immediate eon trot over t lie
action ot' the General Go\ ernment, Irom which ho has
no right to claim protection, and to which he has no
risht to pi e-cn t a pctil'on. That the full fort..- of the
ahin^clitu nxfft he fell, it must he home in mind that cveni
department of the General- Government iseither directly
or indirectly underthe controlof the voters in the Revered
States. Tho Constitution widely provides that the
voters for the most, numerous branch ot the Legisla-
ture m the several States shalt vote for tile members
of the Uouse of Rcpiesentatives.'1
The reference to this clause of the Constitu-
tion shows that, its provisions were distinctly
before the mind of Calhoun when he denied the
unlimited control of tho State over the right of
suffrage:
" And as the members of this body [the Senate] are
chosen by the Legislatures of f he States, and the pres-
idential electois cither bv the Legislatures or voters
in the several States, it follows, as I have stated, that
the action of the General Government is cither di-
rectly or indirectly under the control of the voters of
the several States. -VoH\ admit that a State may confer
the right of voting on all aliens and it will follaic as a
neccssarg consequence that ice might have among our
j constituents persons icho have not the right to claim the
! protection of the Government or to preienta petition to it."
Sir, the absurd suggestion of John Randolph
is repeated in these days, and I am met by gen-
i tlemen on this floor with a tacit admission that
those -who framed and adopted the Constitu-
tion did understand that the power was in the
Constitution ; but, while admitting this, gen-
tlemen point me to the decisions of courts and
to the action of States for a period of eighty
years and say that it is not there now. I admit
the facts. I say that through the power and
prescience of the great statesmen who con-
trolled the councils of that Convention, and
their recent memories of the misery entailed
upon them during the days of the Confederacy
from the want of an adequate Government, the
people were up to the true mark, and instituted
a Government which should be sufficient for the
maintenance of their liberties and the protec-
tion of the rights of the States.
But when it came to the hands of politi-
cians, slave-owners, importers and breeders of
slaves, it was misconstrued and emasculated;
but though a gap of eighty years stands be-
tween this day and the great era of pristine
constitutional truth, I hesitate not to say that
the large collection of volumes which contain
cases doubted, cases denied, and cases over-
ruled will be swollen by all that has been done
judicially in furtherance of this great wrong,
and that the people will yet assert, and that
with judicial sanction, the original powers of
the Constitution, dormant though they have
been through that long period. Did I say
long? I should have said brief period, for
what are eighty years in the life of a nation
whose territory is so broad as ours; whose
mineral and agricultural resources are so wide-
spread, vast, and varied; whose people are so
sparse yet so intelligent, energetic, enterpris-
ing, and patriotic ; and whose institutions are
based on principles so righteous and so inspir-
ing? To such a nation eighty years are but
as the passing moment to the life of a citizen.
Let me ask the attention of the House to one
case by which nearly thirty-five years of un-
broken action of the United States Govern-
ment, State governments, United States courts
and State courts were all set aside by one ju-
dicial decision. It was in 18"J0 that the Mis-
souri compromise was adopted. They who had
made the Constitution then presided over and
administered the Government; they were in
the Senate ; they were in the Representative
Hall of tho country ; and they made a law un-
der the sanction of the Constitution which gave
peace and prosperity to the country for more
than thirty years. Under that constitutional
compromise the Northwest grew up and becamo
a land of public schools and churches, with a
prosperous people, more enlightened and more
blessed than had ever been a people holding so
wide a territory or any territory upon the broad
earth.
Yet, sir, where arc the unbroken lines of
decisions made under that law ; where are tho
lines of State; and national action, and what is
to be said of their constitutionality ? No gen-
tleman upon the Administration side of thu
House will rise and say that any of it was con-
stitutional. The breath of a bench, uncon-
sciously corrupted by the spirit of a degenerate
era, swept it away, and an enlightened and
honest bench, impelled by a faithful people,
will yet decide that Congress has the right
to do what the proposed amendment will give
it the undisputed power to do. This amend-
ment, will, in my judgment, but reinvigorato
a dormant power, and I want the people to
go back to the fountains of political wisdom,
where they jfill see that if they mean to main-
tain this Government peacefully, they must put
into the Constitution express powers equivalent
to these. For myself, I find in it now, powers
by which the General Government may defend
tho rights, liberties, privileges, and immunities
of the humblest citizen wherever he may be
upon our country's soil.
The eloquent gentleman who now so gal-
lantly leads the Administration party here, the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] in
his frank and brilliant speech of yesterday,
asserted that the right of suffrage was property.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment ?
