2022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
orders, and not in kind, can be made the sub-
ject of an action under this statute?
Mr. CLA RK. I suppose it would be in that
case exactly as in other cases parallel to it,
that if that excess in degree showed that the
man was wreaking his vengeance and doing
mischief instead of fairly following .his order,
it would not protect him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Leaving aside the ques-
tion of motive, if there was in fact an excess
in degree, what then?
Mr. CLARK. I suppose the question of
motive must be left to the jury who try the case.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But suppose, leaving
aside the question of motive, they find that in
point of fact the act was in degree excessive.
Mr. CLARK. Who decides the question of
motive?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose we leave that
aside altogether, and find that in point of fact
there is an excess in degree in the execution
of the act to be done.
Mr. CLARK. That would be a question for
the court entirely and the jury as to the excess,
because if there was great excess you would
infer from that a bad motive.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Suppose there was not
great excess, but merely some excess?
Mr. CLARK. Then it seems to me if there
was a little excess, and he did not intend it.
and you lay the motive aside, it should protect
him, and there is no great complaint of a thing
of that kind; it is not worth complaining of;
it R a distinction without a difference alin03t.
Mr. COWAN. That is minimis.
Mr. CLARK, (to Mr. Cowan.) I know, non
cu/roX*
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators will
address the Chair.
Mr. COWAN. It was Latin.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not understand that Latin
is without the order of the Senate. What we
desire is protection to these men in acts of this
kind. We do not desire to shield anybody who
has been guilty of doing what ought not to be
done, or who lias under such an order under-
taken to wreak his vengeance or do mischief,
but it is provided for the loyal men of the coun-
try who have been engaged in putting down this
rebellion ; and if in the great struggle that we
have been obliged to make some men have done
acts that were wrongful and we are obliged to
excuse them to protect the great mass, we had
better do it than let the servants of the Republic
be tormented as they are in the courts.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit
me a word? I desire to suggest to the Senator
that we are every day granting amnesty to rebels
for the highest crimes known to the law. Who
is against granting amnesty to some loyal men
who have been fighting the battles ? That is the
suggestion I desire to make.
Mr. CLARK. It is a very pertinent sugges-
tion. Those men, who have been pursuing our
soldiers and murdering them everywhere they
could find them almost, are coming here to the
President of the United States, to those having
power, and imploring pardon for all their acts.
Mr. CONNESS. And they get it.
Mr. CLARK. And they get it. But in rp-
gard to these Union soldiers who have come at
your call, aad marched under your orders, and
preserved your Government, men cavil if even
the Senate and House of Representatives pro-
pose to extend to them the hand of protection
and protect them from the very men whom
they have been fighting to save your Govern-
ment from. Let me say, Mr. President, none
but a rebel or a rebel sympathizer would sue
one of these men who has thus been serving
his country; but it more than anything now
shows that the animus of this accursed rebellion
still lingers that we are unwilling to do this.
I know the Senator from Pennsylvania says
it was a very easy thing to be a loyal man in
New Hampshire. Then let me say to him that
the disloyal men of New Hampshire, or Penn-
sylvania either, were without excuse, because
there was not much difficulty about it.
Now, Mr. President, I appeal to the Senate,
I appeal to the Senators to know whether if
one of these men is to be protected in Ken-
tucky, he shall not be protected in Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois. Did we not have John
Morgan in Indiana ? Did we not have various
disturbances in Illinois ? Did we not have John
Morgan in Ohio ? And shall not the man who
fought John Morgan in Ohio and Indiana and
was obliged to seize a horse to follow him or
seize a boat by order of his commander, be
protected? Mr. President, the shield of my
patriotism is broader, longer, every way larger;
it- covers these men wherever they are found
who have been true to the Government.
The Senator from Pennsylvania would find
out some different and some better mode of
doing this ; and that has always been the ob-
jection ; when a measure has not been liked it
has been asked, " Cannot you find some better
way?" I do not know any better way than to
go directly at it, say what we mean to do, and
do it, and I do not care a copper whether the
burden of proof is on the plaintiff or on the
defendant, provided thedefendant be protected,
and protected by the strong arm of the Gov-
ernment. This bill comes to us from the House
of Representatives. They framed it; they said
it was the one they thought adapted to the pur-
pose, and they sent it for our approval. The
Committee on the Judiciary have taken the bill
and examined if, and reported it back to you
with one amendment and asked that it may be
passed. Some verbal and other amendments
have been made to it, which perfect the bill;
and I ask now that this bill shall not go on one
leg in the rebel States, and on a crutch in the
loyal States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it has
always appeared to me in the brief experience
I have had in this world, that in the long run,
passionate legislation, if I may so describe it,
comes back to plague those who enact it, and
it has generally happened in the history of
civilized communities, that legislation which
has been enacted under the influence of feeling, [
no matter how pure, under the influence of |
passion, no matter how complete and perfect
might be the beauty of the object of it, re-
turned futile and nugatory upon the heads of
those who undertook to carry it through.
Now, sir, I do not yield to the Senator from
New Hampshire in my devotion to the interests
of the loyal men who have fought the battles
of the country. Where I am known it would
not be necessary for me to justify myself on
such a point as that. I do not yield to any man
in my desire, to use the language of my friend
from New Hampshire, to protect the soldier
who has fought the battles of the country,
whether in Illinois, or Ohio, or Kentucky, or
South Carolina. And it is because I desire to
protect him tha,t I am desirous that this bill
should be put in such a shape that it will stand
the searching investigation of a court of law.
I do not think he can be accounted the true
friend of the soldier who holds out to him the
ashes of disappointment in a species of legisla-
tion which, while it looks well, will not bear
the test of actual experiment. My way of pro-
tecting the soldier is to give him a protection
which will be real, to hold up to him a security
which is something more than a mere fulmina-
tion, and which shall answer to him with the
certainty of a positive defense. How is that to
be done? That is the question.
It is useless to waste our time in vague dis-
cussion about who is the best friend to the
soldier, or whether the Senator from Vermont
happens at this moment to be on the wrong side
of the Senate Chamber. That is nothing to
the question. The question is, how shall we
reach the end which we all desire in the safest
and in the most positive way? It happens that
the Senator from New Hampshire thinks^ that
the best way to do it is to go directly, at it, as
he says, and to declare by an act of Congress
that an act which was guilty yesterday, which
was a wrong yesterday, an invasion of private
l-ights yesterday, is right to-day, and is there-
fore justified. That is all there is in this act.
I am not speaking of those questions of excess
which seem to have troubled some gentlemen;
I am speaking of the cases where an actwhich
was wrongful in itself has been committed, and
where, therefore, the person who was wronged
has as much right to claim our protection as the
person who wronged him, whether ho acted
under orders or whether he did not.
Now, I undertake to declare with the little
knowledge which I have on subjects of this
description, and to defy contradiction, that
there is not an instance in the history of legis-
lation which has been practically followed and
justified in law, that went beyond simply this:
providing an indemnity, as I said a little while
ago, by way of securing to the party accused,
whether in a criminal information or in a civil
suit, for a wrong done, the benefit of an impar-
tial trial in the courts of the country, as this
bill very properly provides, providing that he
shall be defended at the public expense, and if
it happens that in the execution of his duty he
has invaded private rights, let the public, for
whose sake and at whose command he has
invaded them, foot the bill. That is the way
to defend a loyal soldier in my judgment, and
I do not care to have my patriotism impugned
because I think it the better way than it is to
enact a nugatory law to protect him.
Mr. NYE. Can the public go to prison for
him?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They ought to go to prison
for him.
Mr. NYE. They cannot very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If he goes to prison, it is
only as a consequence of the criminal procedure,
which the public of course by a pardon can at
any time dispense from. And it is open to a
little doubt whether this act applies to criminal
cases at all. It ought to apply to them. If it
is a civil case, certainly the public can stand
between the officer and all harm by paying the
damages which the law declares in favor of the
party whose private rights have been invaded.
There are two classes of people in t.llis country
to be looked at in this matter. There are the sol-
diers who must be protected, and there are the
citizens who mustbe protected. They must both
be protected iu the exercise of their rights. It
is the right, as it is the duty, of the soldier to
obey the commands of his superior officer, and
he must be protected in_doing_so. It is the
right of the peaceable citizen in a loyal com-
munity where civil law prevails to be secure
from search, seizure, arrest, or imprisonment,
except by due process of law or the judgment
of his peers. One right is as sacred as the
other, and therefore in our hasty zeal to pro-
tect one class of the community let us not do
it at the expense of another who equally
deserve protection, but let us so adjust our
legislation by way of indemnity, rather than of
arbitrary edict? as to provide for both.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not rise to detain the
Senate on the question of this amendment. .
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator does not
desire to go on to-night I will move an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall occupy but a few
minutes. The effect of the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Vermont will be to
withdraw the protection afforded by this bill
from all persons who have committed any of
the acts contemplated by the bill in any State
where martial law has not been proclaimed. I
so understand theamendmentof the honorable
Senator, and if I misunderstand it I should be
very glad to be corrected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The effect of the amend-
ment is this: in all States where martial law
did not exist at the time of the supposed act,
whatever it may have been, and iu all States
where there was no rebellion, this statute does
not, in and for itself, operate as a defense, but
it still allows, if my amendment be adopted, a
transfer of the cause to the Federal courts,
and to be defended there upon the same prin-
ciples that any other act of a public officer
would lie. •
Mr. HOWARD. Simply applying it, then,
to the question of removal?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mf. HOWARD. Well, Mr. President, 1 can-
