1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1063
Mr. KELLEY. My time is so limited that
witli due respect to the gentleman I must un-
der the control of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hale] decline to yield. I was re-
marking that the gentleman from New Jersey
had appealed to my distinguished colleague
who is on the Judiciary Committee [Mr. Wil-
liams] to say whether the right of suffrage is
not property. As my colleague did not reply,
I had, sir, the curiosity to ask him to favor me
with his answer to that question in writing. _ I
have it and will take the liberty of quoting it.
He says:
" If I had thought, it worth while I would have said
that it was not to IcclinicaHy. although it might be so
looking' to the derivation of the word
from the Latin pra^ri'Kf.whichsigniftesthatwhichisa
man's '>11.11. X might have added that it was so demo-
crat i<-a({y, in view of the fact that the right in ques-
tion had been dealt with by that party as an article
of merchandise.
"Assuming his idea to be correct, however, X would
have proposed the question, how then, in view of the
constitutional provision, which is, by the way, but a
translation of Magna Charta, that 'no person shall
be deprived of life, liberty, or property,without duo
proeess.of law,' is the negio or any other person to be
deprived of this right by State legislation? And how,
also, in view of the other provision ' that private
property shall not be taken for public use without
just compensation, we are to find a measure of value
for determining the amount of damage involved in
the divestiture of a right that is inherent, inalienable,
and inappreciable ?'"
Assume the proposition of the gentleman from
New Jersey to be correct, and I add that the
right of franchise is not only property but to the
American citizen, the dearest property he owns,
and to the poor, humble, powerless man, the
most valuable and sacred of his possessions.
To such the proposed amendment is intended
to secure it. It provides that—
The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall bo necessary and proper to secure to the
citizens of each State all privileges and immunities of
citizens in the several States, and to all persons in the
several States equal protection in tha, rights of life,
liberty, and property.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I repeat that I
hold that all the power this amendment will give
is already in the Constitution. I admit that it
has lain dormant. I admit that there has been
raised over it a superincumbent mass of State
and political usage and judicial decisions that
it is mountain high ; but when I remember the
mass of judicial decisions, of State and political
usage, which was swept away by the decision of
Judge Taney's court that the Missouri compro-
mise was unconstitutional, I am persuaded that
it will yet be quickened and called into action.
The aroused people will demand that all the
powers of the Constitution be exercised so that
each State shall be guarantied a republican
government, and that the citizens of each State
shall enjoy peaceably the privileges and immu-
nities of citizenship in the respective States; but
as some gentlemen question the existence of the
power, and others the propriety of exercising it
at this time, I hope we will submit this amend-
ment to the people, that they may more expli-
citly empower Congress to enforce and main-
tain their rights throughout the limits of our
wide-spread country.
Mr. HA LE. Mr. Speaker, it is with great
hesitation 1 rise to address the House to-day,
for the reason especially that in the brief time
allotted for the purpose, I feel that I have been
entirely unable to prepare myself as one should
be prepared to discuss a subject so important,
a subject so serious in its bearing and effect,
and one so much requiring cautious and delib-
erate action on the part of this House, as the
one now under consideration. But I feel com-
pelled, though I must do it crudely, imper-
fectly, to attempt to assign some of the reasons
that must control my vote against this proposed
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States.
It is with great hesitation that I differ from
the conclusions of the very able joint commit-
tee which has reported to the House this pro-
posed amendment. That committee is com-
posed of gentlemen, many of whom are emi-
nent for their legal and constitutional learning;
men whoso opinions must always carry weight,
not only in this House but in the country. But
I am consoled by the reflection that the recom-
mendation of this committee does not carry
with it the same weight, to my mind, that it
might if the vail of secrecy that is now thrown
over all their proceedings were removed. If we
could be favored with the arguments to which
that committee have listened; if we could listen
to the sentiments of the individual members
expressed in that committee; if we could know
who of that committee favored this, and who
did not; whether all or a part only concurred
in reporting this resolution to the House, we
might be the better able to judge how great
weight, was to be accorded to the fact that the
committee has recommended the passage of
this joint resolution.
Mr. GRINNELL. "Will the gentleman al-
low me to ask a question?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. GRINNELL. I should like to ask my
friend from New York [Mr. Hale] if it has
not been the custom from time immemoiial for
committees to keep their own secrets : other-
wise, that their proceedings should be kept to
themselves until their report should be made.
Mr. HALE. I should be very happy to favor
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grixxell] with
my views upon that subject, and various others
of a political, literary, theological, and scien-
tific character. But as they have nothing to
do with the subject under consideration the
gentleman must excuse me.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. HALE. The gentleman must excuse
me. I cannot consent to bo diverted from the
line of my proposed argument.
I can only say that, so far as this House is
concerned, we know only the fact that, a major-
ity of the joint committee on reconstruction
have reported this joint resolution here. It
comes to us with simply that weight and no
more. It does not bear with it the accumulated
weight of the unanimous voice of that commit-
tee. The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grixxell]
entirely misapprehends me if lie understands
me as complaining ; 1 state merely the tact. I
say it comes to us with only the weight of the
majority, and not with the united weight of the
approval of all the members of that, committee.
But it does seem to me, with the little knowl-
edge that 1 possess of constitutional law, and
with the very brief and liasty examination that.
I have been enabled to give to this matter, that
no weight or authority of members of this House
to-day ought to bringnst.o pass this amendment
without at least a most careful and scrutinizing
examination. It does seem to me that, the tenor
and effect of the amendment proposed here by
this committee is to bring about a more radical
change in the svstem of this Government, to
institute a wider departure from the theory upon
which our fathers formed it than ever before
was proposed in anylegislativeorconstit.utional
assembly. Listening to the remarks of the dis-
tinguished member of the committee [Mr.Bure-
nam] who reported this joint resolution to the
House, one would be led to think that this
amendment was a subject of the most tri\ial
consequence. lie tells us, and tells us with an
air of gravity that I eould not. but admire, that
the words of the resolution aie all in the Con-
stitution as it stands, with the single exception
of the power given to Congress to legislate. A
very important exception, it strikes me, but one
to which the gentleman seems to attach very
little weiclit.
My friend from California. [Mr. Higby,] who
addressed the House this morning in support
of this resolution of the committee, (and I speak
of that gentleman with the most entire respect
and friendship.) went a little further, and suc-
ceeded in showing that the exception of the
honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixg-
HAir] was unnecessary; for, said the gentleman
from California, the words ot this joint resolu-
tion are all in the Constitution as it now stands.
, He turns to the eighth section of the first arti-
cle. and in the first clause of it he finds the
words "the Congress shall have power. _IIe
turns to the last clause of the same section,
and there he finds the words "to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper." He
turns to the second section of the fourth article,
and there finds the words:
"The citizcns of caeh Sto.te shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens of the several
States."
lie turns to the fifth article of the amendments
to the Constitution, and there finds tlfe words:
"JSTo person shall bo deprived of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law."
Thus, he says, you have included in the
Constitution as it stands all the words of the
amendment proposed by the committee. The
ingenuity of the argument was admirable. I
never heard it paralleled except in the case of
the gentleman who undertook to justify suicide
from the Scripture by quoting two texts: '' Ju-
das went and hanged himself;" " Go thou and
do likewise."
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is the theory of our
Constitution? I will not undertake to elab-
orate this matter too far; but briefly, imper-
fectly, and within very scanty l:mits, let me
attempt an answer to this question. In gen-
eral terms, is it not that all powers relating to
the existence and sovereignty of the nation,
powers relating to our foreign relations, pow-
ers relating to peace and war, to the enforce-
ment of the law of nations and international
law, are the powers given to Congress and to
the Federal Government by the Constitution,
while all powers having reference to the rela-
tion of the individual to the municipal govern-
ment, the powers of local jurisdiction and legis-
lation, are in general reserved to the States?
What is the effect of the amendment which
the committee on reconstruction propose for
the sanction of this House and the States of
the Union? I submit that it is in effect a pro-
vision under which all State legislation, in its
codes of civil and criminal jurisprudence and
procedure, affecting the individual citizen,'may
bo overridden, may be repealed or abolished,
and the law of Congress established instead. I
maintain that in this respect it is an utter de-
parture from every .principle ever dreamed of
by the men who framed our Constitution.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman mean
to say that, under this provision, Congress could
interfere in any case where the legislation of a
State was equal, impartial to all? Or is it not
simply to provide that, where any State makes
a distinction in the same law between differ-
ent classes of individuals, Cougicss shall have
power to correct such discrimination and in-
equality? Does this proposition mean anything
more than that?
Mr. HALE. I will answer the gentleman.
In my judgment it docs go much further than
the remarks of the gentleman would imply; but
even if it goes no further than that—and 1 will
diacuss this point more fully before I conclude
—it is still open to the same objection, that it
proposes an entire departure from the theory
of the Federal Government in meddling with
these matters of State jurisdiction at all.
I now come directly, as I was coming in due
I order when the gentleman's very pertinent in-
i rpiiry arrested my attention, to the considera-
: tion whether this is as has been maintained by
the gentleman who reported the resolution, and
I by others, simply a provision tor the equality
of individual citizens before the laws of the
several States. I submit. Mr. Speaker, that it
' means much more than that. Let me read the
■ language of the resolution, striking out, for the
purpose ofsnakingit more clear, thatpart which
is simply irrelevant to the matter which I here
discuss:
: The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be neoereavv and Proper to secure to all
per-ons in the several States equal protection in the
rights of life, liberty, and property.
j Now. I sav to the gentleman from I ennsyl-
i vania [Mr. Stevexs] that reading the language
i in its grammatical and legal construction it is
!■ a grant of the fullest and most ample power to
ji Congress to make nil laws '• neccssary and
•! proper to secure to all persona in the several
States protection in the rights of life, liberty,
j and pioperty," with the simple proviso that
I such protection shall be equal. It is not a mere
| provision that when the States undertake to
