1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SPALDING, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon House bill In o. 261, making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1807, and for other purposes,
made the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 201) making appropriations for tho
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30,1867, and for other
purposes, having met, after full and free confer-
ence have agreed to recommend, and do recommend,
as follows to their respective Houses:
That the Senate recede from their amendment
numbered one, and agree to the same with an
amendment substituting the word "fifty" in lieu of
"forty" in line seven, page 2, of the bill; and the
House agree to the same.
That the Senate rccede from their amendment
numbered two, and agree to the same with an
amendment substituting the words "sixty-five" in
lieu of " fifty" in line eight, page 2; and the House
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered fourteen,
and agree to the same, with an amendment as fol-
lows: strike out of said amendment all after the
words "Department of State," and insert in lieu
thereof, "and also an examiner of claims for the same
Department whose salary shall be $3,000 per annum;
and the salary of the second Assistant secretary of
State shall be S3,500 per annum, and such sums are
hereby appropriated."
That the House reccdo from their disagreement
to the amendment of the Senate numbered fifteen,
and agree to the same amended as follows: strike
out the words "than $3,000 in any one year," and
substitute as follows: "than $2,500 in any one year
over and above the expenses of office rent and clerk
hire, to be approved by the Secretary of State, of
which returns shall be made to the Secretary of the
Treasury;" and the Senate agree to the same, so
amended.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the amendment of the Senate numbered nine, and
strike out the whole of it and substitute in lieu
thereof as follows: "and no money shall be paid to
the present minister resident at Portugal, out of any
fund whatever, on account of further services in his
office;" and also strike out the word "Portugal" on
page 1, line ten, of the bill; and the Senate agree to
the same so amended.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
tho amendment of the House of their amendment
numbered six, and agree to the same.
CHARLES SUMNER,
JAMES W. GRIMES.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
R. P. SPALDING,
N. P. BANKS,
JOHN WENTWORTH,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I call the previous ques-
tion upon agreeing to the report.
Mr. RAYMOND. I desire to ask a ques-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spal-
ding.]
Mr. SPALDING. Very well; I will hear it.
Mr. RAYMOND. I should like to hear from
the gentleman, if he is disposed to make any
explanation whatever, what reason influenced
the committee to recommend the abolition of
the salary hitherto attached to the mission at
Portugal, so far as the present incumbent is
concerned.
Mr. SPALDING. I have no objection to
make a statement as an individual; I am not
instructed as a member of the committee of
conference to make any statement. 1 can only
say to the gentleman that tho committee were
unanimous in coming to the conclusion that no
appropriation should be made for the continu-
ance of the salary of the present minister at
Portugal. They have provided in the amend-
ment, which was concurred in unanimously by
the managers on the part of the Senate and on
the part of the House, that the present incum-
bent of the mission to Portugal should not be
paid anything for further services, out of any
fund whatever; and I may say that the reason
for this conclusion was that they consider him
as entirely unworthy of the confidence of the
Government.
Mr. RAYMOND. Will the gentleman allow
me to make another remark 011 this subject?
Mr. SPALDING. No, sir; I insist on the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask the gentleman to
allow me, out of mere courtesy, a remark on
this point.
Mr. SPALDING. I think I have stretched
the courtesy now. I object to any further
debate.
Mr. RAYMOND. I am sorry that I cannot
concur in the gentleman's opinion as to the
extent of his courtesy.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the report of the committee
of conference was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tees of consular officers.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs
and ordered to be printed:
To ilia Senate and House of Bepresentatives:
I herewith transmit to Congress a report,
dated 12th instant, with the accompanying
papers received from the Secretary of State,
in compliance with the requirements of the
eighteenth scetion of the act entitled "An act
to regulate the diplomatic and consular sys-
tems of tho United States," approved August
18, 185C. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, July 17, 1866.
coinage, 'wbigiits, and measures.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States ;
which was referred to the Committee on a
Uniform System of Coinage, Weights, and
Measures, and ordered to be printed :
To the House of Representatives:
In answer to the resolution of yesterday,
requesting information relative to proposed in-
ternational movements, in connection with the
Paris Universal Exposition, for the reform of
systems of coinage, weights, and measures, I
transmit a report from the Secretary of State,
and the documents by which it was accom-
panied. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., July 17, 1866.
indian affairs in dakota.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, in reply to a res-
olution of the House of May 23,18G6, in regard
to the conduct of Indian affairs in Dakota Ter-
ritory ; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs and ordered to be printed.
provost marshal's bureau again.
Mr. SPALDING. By the indulgence of the
chairman of the committee, I beg leave to pre-
sent to the House the memorial of Mr. Riddle,
counsel for General Fry, together with a por-
tion of the evidence which he claims was offered
to the committee by General Fry, which he
asks may be made a part of the record in the
case.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent is
necessary.
Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I certainly object. It would
bo outside of all precedent.
Mr. SPALDING. Very well; I have dis-
charged my duty.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will make a
statement to the House in regard^ to those
papers. Sincc the committee made its report
to the House its attention has been invited to
the papers which have been referred to by my
colleague, and they have received the atten-
tion of the committee. Although the papers
are not before the House, I desire, in justice
to the committee, to make a statement in ref-
erence to the matter. These papers relate in
the main to the Hoboken matter, a matter
upon which the committee has not passed in
its findings except so far as it might throw
lip-lit upon the animus of the letter to Mr.
Blaine. The introduction and consideration
of those papers, therefore, could not affect any
conclusion to which the committee came, ex-
cept in regard to the motives for writing that
letter. There is, outside of these papers, what
the committee deemed abundant evidence to
settle the question of the animus of the letter
and to bring the committee unanimously to the
conclusion which it attained as to the motives
which prompted the writing of that letter; so
that, while the committee's attention, was not.
drawn to these papers, they thus considered
the matter of their contents, and determined
nothing contained in them in any possible view
of this case affecting any conclusion to which
the committee came.
Another statement I have to make is, that
those letters, if they are of value to General
Fry, will be available for his defense in the
further prosecution of this matter, should the
House deem any further prosecution proper
under the resolution already adopted. So that
it seems to me in no view can any prejudice he
worked to General Fry by the exclusion for the
present of these letters.
Another statement I desire here to make is,
that the two letters deemed most material by
the counsel for General Fry, the only two, if I
remember correctly, which he deemed of value
enough to insert in his printed argument, "are
now introduced into the report of the commit-
tee, perhaps irregularly, but introduced in ex-
treme solicitude that nothing should be ex-
cluded that could be of service to General Fry.
That matter is fully explained in the report of
the committee. As I have said, the .two prin-
cipal letters contained in this memorial now
appear in the report of the committee.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the House has heard or
had an opportunity of hearing a large portion
of this report. The committee felt forced to •
make it voluminous, as it is, on account of the
impossibility of making it less voluminous and
yet present fairly and justly the facts bearing
on this important question of the privileges of
the House, and of a member of it.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, I will not be deemed
in doing what I am about to do as neglecting
the execution of the duties which I owe to this
important question of privilege in omitting to
detain the House in again presenting what has
been fully presented in the report of the com-
mittee. I say I will refrain from the discus-
sion of this question at this time. Unless some-
thing shall be said by other members of the
House requiring notice I shall content myself
by yielding the floor and permitting any other
gentleman who may wish to do so to speak to
this question. I shall ask the House to second
the previous question so that we shall fix the
time for closing debate, disposing ^of the case
to-day. If there be no member who desires to
be heard I ask the House at once to order the
main question.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. For whatever time
the gentleman wants.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I shall occupy
but a few moments in submitting to the House
one or two considerations connected with the
subject before us. I shall not enlarge upon
the evidence, or upon the clear, able, and con-
clusive report founded upon it, exonerating
completely and entirely the reputation of my
colleague [Mr. Conkling] from the gross as-
persions cast upon it in the communication
which the committee have with entire unanim-
ity pronounced a false and malicious libeL
The question, Mr. Speaker, is one of grave
importance, affecting the right of a member
of this House to utter his sentiments and opin-
ions in respect to the action of any public ofn-
cer or the administration of any Department
of the Government, legitimately before tha
House, without being confronted by a iibeL
upon his private or public character, read at
the Clerk's desk at the suggestion of a mem*
ber upon the floor. I am ha,ppy this mvesti-'
gatiou has been ordered by. the House, and!
trust the report of the committee has had m
