1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2023
not vole for this amendment. I cannot by
my vote turn over an innocent officer or sol-
dier of the Union, who has done such acts as
are contemplated by this bill, to the verdict of
a local jury. That would be the consequence,
if I understand it, of the adoption of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont. It would
be to expose defendants in all such cases to the
. political prejudices and personal prejudices
which might happen to exist in the particular
locality against the person who happened to be
a defendant.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator from
Michigan will give away, I desire to suggest
'that this is a very important question; and I
understand that it is desirable that there should
be a short executive session. If the Senator
will give way, I will move an executive session.
Mr. HOWARD. If I intended to make a
speech of any length I would give way with
great pleasure ; but as I shall close soon, I hope
the Senate will indulge me to the end.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is a "very impor-
tant question, and I should like to hear the Sen-
ator upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, what is
meant by ''martial law" in the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Vermont? What
does it include ? Is it the martial law that is
to be established, or was established, by simple
proclamation of the commander of the depart-
ment or of the particular district? Is such a
proclamation, even in a loyal State, the sole
origin of martial law, and is it necessary in every
case that there should be such a proclamation
in order to justify the commander of the Union
forces in the seizure of property that he might
find absolutely necessary for the subsistence of
his troops? Surely I did not suppose that the
honorable Senator from Vermont would give
such a narrow definition to the term " martial
law." 1 do not understand it to be thus lim-
ited. Take the case of Illinois or of Ohio.
Union troops have been marched and counter-
marched through those States ; actual hostil-
ities have existed in those States: battles have
been fought in Ohio and in Pennsylvania,
neither of which was proclaimed to be under
martial law, and fought in particular localities
where there is no pretense that martial law had
thus been proclaimed. I ask the honorable
Senator from Vermont whether there be not.
the same necessity in such cases to extend this
protection to Union officers and Union soldiers
as there was in localities subject to the formal
proclamations of martial law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think there is.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from Vermont says he does not think there is
that iiecessitjr. There may not be that neces-
sity to the same degree in reference to all these
States. I probably should not dissant from the
honorable Senator in that view of the question;
but that there is some necessity, that that ne-
cessity is of sufficient magnitude to justify us
in passing this act, I have no doubt. What
was the ease m South Carolina, for instance,
during Sherman's famous march to the sea?
Was there martial law in South Carolina pro-
claimed by the commander? I never lieard
of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was not represented
in Congress.
Mr. HOWARD. But that makes no differ-
ence as to the principle. Now, sir, the great
object of this bill is, in every case where a sol-
dier or officer has acted in good faith under an
order addressed to him or intended for him, to
extend to him the protection of the law as
against the consequences of any act which he
might do and perform under that, order or
under color of that order, and to enable the
defendant in such ease as that to transfer the
prosecution or the suit (for the proceeding may
be criminal or it may be civil) from the local
or State tribunal to a Federal tribunal, thus
giving the defendant an opportunity of pre-
senting his case to a court and a jury not in-
fected by the local prejudices of the place
where the act was committed.
I must confess that I see no grqund or reason
whatever for drawing the distinction that is
drawn by this amendment of the Senator from
Vermont. I see no reason why it should not
be applied as well in loyal States in the case
of acts by military officers or soldiers as to the
same acts when performed in rebel States or
in any State under martial law. The reason
is the same in both eases, the great object being
the protection of the soldier or the officer in
the discharge of his duty, and that is a duty
which I hold devolves upon Congress. A sol-
dier or an officer who is a subordinate must
not omit to obey the order. If he refuses to
do so it is always at the peril of his life or of
imprisonment; and to expose a person thus
situated to the consequences which might flow
from a suit or prosecution in a community
where there were strong prejudices against him
is something 1 imagine which we ought not to
do. The bill is nothing, in my judgment, but
simple, naked justice, applicable to one case
as well as to another, and to one locality as
well as another.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 18, i860.
The House mot at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
grant of lands to wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Wisconsin, for a giant of lands to aid
in the construction of so much of the Portage
and Superior railroad as extends from Fond
du Lac to Ripon ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, also
presented the memorial of the Legislature of
the State of Wisconsin, asking the assent of
Congress in reference to the route of the land-
grant railroad from Portage to Bayfield and
thence to Superior ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
commander j. c. carter.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Commander
J. C. Carter ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
grants of lands to dakota.
Mr. BURLEIGH, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following bills ; which were sev-
erally read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands:
A bill granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
city of Yancton, in the Territory of Dakota,
to the west line of the State of Minnesota; and
A bill to amend section two of an act enti-
tled "An act donating public lands to the
several States and 'Territories which may pro-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
the mechanic arts."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the several prop-
ositions were referred ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james 6. clarke.
Ml'. PATTERSON. Mr. Speaker, last Fri-
day I reported back, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, Senate bill No. 218, for the
relief of James G. Clarke. _ It was objected
to by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wakh-
r.t-KXK,] and went upon the Private Calendar.
After having examined the claim, I understand
that he withdraws his objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman is somewhat mistaken in saying that I
objected to the bill. I merely asked for the
^enforcement of the rule requiring bills making
appropriations to go to the Committee of the
Whole for their first consideration. While I
do not object to taking the bill up, I do not
say I^will not object to its passage. Perhaps
the bill is right in some aspects, but it is a bad
precedent to pay a man for an office he never
held.
Mr. PATTERSON moved that the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the Private Calen-
dar be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be directed, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to pay to James'G-. Clarke the sum of
$6,483 06, in full for services as acting charge
d'affaires of the United States at Brussels from
June II, 1857, to September 27, 1858.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the report.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which' the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. MORRJS-obtained the floor.
Mr. EGGrLESTON. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me for a question of privilege.
Mr. MORRIS. I will yield if it will not take
five minutes.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Day before yesterday
one of the Representatives of West Virginia
[Mr. Whaley] made a statement in reference
to a paragraph in a newspaper, attributing the
authorship of that paragraph to a constituent of
mine, Mr. H. V. N. Boynton. That gentleman,
wishing to set the matter right before the House,
has sent me the following letter, which I ask
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the letter, as
follows:
■Washington", D. C., April 17,1866.
Dear Silt: It appears from this morning's Globe
that Hon. Kellian V. Whaley caused a newspaper
paragraph, out from the Cincinnati Gazette, to foo
read at the Clerk's desk yesterday, wrongfully inti-
mating that Mr. Whaley was not proficient in the
elements of the Latin language; andthathethen, iu
some very well chosen remarks, proceeded to de-
nounce mo by name as the writer of the paragraph.
I desire to state to you, as representing the district
iu which I reside, that the article did not originate,
either directly or indirectly, with any one connected
with the Gazette, hut that it was a mere selection
without heading or signature, which has been pub-
lished in nearly all the 
Mr. JENCKES. I would inquire if the gen-
tleman from West Virginia [Mr. Whaley] is
in his seat.
A Member. He is not here.
Mr. JENCKES. Then I ask that the read-
ing of the communication be discontinued
until he is present.
Several Members. Oh, no ; go on.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to its further reading.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. It is no reflection
upon the gentleman from West Virginia.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It is all
wrong.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is merely a dis-
claimer.
district courts in nirw york.
Mr. MORRIS. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Delano.]
Mr. DELANO. I ask leave to introduce a
bill (H. R. No. 184) to regulate the terms of
the United States courts in the eastern district
of New York, and for other purposes.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the regular order
of business.
Air. MORRIS. Have I not the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fromJs ew
York [Mr. Morris] is entitled to the floor,
but the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Axcona] objects.
