1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
give protection which is unequal Congress may
equalize it; it is a grant of power in general
terms—a grant of the right to legislate for the
protection of life, liberty, and property, sim-
ply qualified with the condition that it shall bo
equai legislation. That is my construction of
the proposition as it stands here. It may differ
from that of other gentlemen.
Mr. ELD RID GE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question right here ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I wish to know from the
gentleman, and I ask for information, whether
it may not bear a very different construction ?
Whether it may not be held to mean that where
any State adopts a certain system of legislation
in relation to the protection of life, liberty, or
jroperty, Congress shall have power to assimi-
ate or equalize the legislation of all the other
States to that standard?
Mr. HALE. The gentleman will pardon me
if I do not pursue that branch of the discussion.
It is outside of the line 1 have marked for my-
self. 1 do not mean any offense, either to the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] or to
thegentlemanfro rn Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldbidge,]
but entertain an equal respect for both.
Mr. Speaker, let me go a little further here.
If it be true that the construction of this amend-
ment, which I understand to be claimed by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] who
introduced it, and which I infer from his ques-
tion is claimed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Sthvkn.s :] if it be true that that
is the true construction of this article, is it not
even then introducing a power never before in-
tended to lie conferred upon Congress? For
we all know it is true that probably every State
in this Union fails to give equal protection to
all persons within its borders in the rights of
life, liberty, and property. It may be a fault
in the States that they do not do it. A refor-
mation may bo desirable, but by the doctrines
of the school of polities in which I have been
brought up, and which I have been taught to
regard was the best school of political rights
and duties in this Union, reforms of this char-
acter should come from the States, and not be
forced upon them by the centralized power of
the Inderal Government.
Take a single ease by wayof illustration, and
I take it- simply to illustrate the point, without
expressing any opinion whatever on the desira-
bility or undesirability of a change in regard
to it. Take the east! of the rights of married
women ; did any one ever assume that Congress
was to be invested with the power to legislate on
that subject, and to say that married women, in
regard to their rights of property, should stand
on the same footing with men and unmarried
women'.' There is not, a Slate in the Union
where disability of married women in relation
to the lights of property does not to a greater
or less extent still exist. Many of the Stales
have taken steps for the partial abolition of that
distinction in years past, some to a greater ex-
tent and others to a less. But [ apprehend there
is not to-day a State in the Union where there
is not a distinction between the rights of mar-
ried women, as to property, and the rights of
funnies sole, and men.
Mr. STEVENS. If I do not interrupt the
gentleman I will say a word. When a distinc-
tion is made between two married people or two
femmes sole, then it is unequal legislation ; but
where all of the same class are dealt with in the
same way then there is no pretense of inequality.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman will pardon me;
his argument seems ty me to bo more specious
than sound. The language of the section under
consideration gives to all persons equal protec-
tion. Now, if that means you shall extend to
one married woman the same protection you
extend to another, and not the same you extend
to unmarried women or men, then by parity of
reasoning it will be sufficient if you extend to
ono negro the same rights you do to another,
but not those you extend to a white man. I
think, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
claims that the resolution only intends that all
of a certain class shall have equal protection,
such class legislation may certainly as easily
satisfy the requirements of this resolution in the
case of the negro as in the case of the married
woman. The line of distinction is, I take it,
quite as broadly marked between negroes and
white men as between married and unmarried
women.
It was not within the purview of the original
Constitution to grant the power of legislation
to Congress on subjects of this character. Mr.
Speaker, the powers conferred on Congress are
all contained in the eighth section of the first
article of the Constitution. I ask the House
to look at these provisions, their nature, their
general scope, the accuracy, precision, and
care with which they are defined, and compare
them with what I cannot but characterize, with
all my respect and deference for the committee
on reconstruction, as the extremely vague,
loose, and indefinite provisions of the proposed
amendment.
By the eighth section of the first article the
subjects upon which Congress is to have power
to legislate arc enumerated. Congress is to
have power to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imposts, and excises ; to pay the debts and pro-
vide for the common defense and general wel-
fare of the United States; to borrow money;
to regulate commerce with foreign nations,
among the several States, and with the Indian
tribes, (which are regarded in many respects
as foreign nations;) to establish a system of
naturalization and bankruptcy; to coin money;
fix the standard of weights and measures ;
provide for the punishment of counterfeiting
the coin and securities of the United States ;
establish post ofliccs and post roads; provide
for copyrights and patents ; constitute certain
judicial tribunals ; punish piracy on the high
seas outside of the jurisdiction oftheStates, &c.
Co through that section carefully and you
will find no general power granted to Congress
to legislate upon matters of a municipal na-
ture, or matters relating to the social or civil
rights of citizens of the States, but everywhere
it points most strictly and carefully to the le-
gitimate objects for which the national Gov-
ernment was created. And the last clause that
is often quoted, and which I have heard quoted
to-day in this House, but which is almost as
often misquoted as quoted, gives to Congress
only the power to make all laws which shall bo
necessary and proper for the carrying into exe-
cution the foregoing powers, and all other pow-
ers vested by the Constitution in the Govern-
ment of the United States, or in any depart-
ment or officer thereof. 111 that, sweeping, com-
prehensive clause, as it is ordinarily deemed,
covering all the powers essential to carry out
the other powers granted by the instrument and
the other powers conferred upon any depart-
ment, of the Government of the United States,
wo find that it is limited directly to these pow-
ers ; it is not a general jiower to enact all laws
for carrying out the provisions of the Consti-
tution.
Again, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham J refers us to the fifth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution as the basis of the
present resolution, and as thesoureefrom which
he, has taken substantially the language of that
clause of the proposed amendment 1 am con-
sidering. Now, what are these amendments to
the Constitution, numbered from one to ten,
one of which is the fifth article in question?
What is the nature anil object of these articles?
They do not contain, from beginning to end, a
grant of power anywhere. On the contrary,
they are all restrictions of power. They con-
stitute the bill of rights, a bill of rights for the
protection of the citizen, and'defining and limit-
ing the power of Federal and State legislation.
They are not matters upon which legislation
can be based. They begin with the proposi-
tion that " Congress shall make no law,'' &c.;
and if 1 were to follow the example of my
friend from California, [Mr. Hiobt,] I might
perhaps claim that here was a sufficient pro-
hibition against the legislation sought to be
provided for by this amendment. Through-
out they are prohibitions against legislation.
Throughout they provide safeguards to be en-
forced by the courts, and not to be exercised
by the Legislature. And they provide in this
noble fifth article, among others—provisions
which at this time especially deserve the atten-
tion of the American people—that no person
shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman refer
to the second section of the fourth article?
Mr. HALE. The gentleman from Ohio refers
me to the second section of the fourth article.
I omit the consideration of that section for the
reason that my argument is directed exclusively
to the consideration of the final clause of the
amendment proposed, which is founded on the
fifth article of the amendments, without refer-
ring at all to the other clause, founded on the
section to which the gentleman from Ohio refers
me. The last-named section is therefore out-
side the range of my remarks on this occasion.
Now, I suggest to gentlemen: is it wise at
this time, after the experience we have had of
the working of this Constitution, with all the
reverence in which we have been accustomed
to hold it, after having it tested as it has been by
this mighty rebellion—through peace, through
foreign war, through civil war, having found its
strength, its elasticity, its sufficiency for all cir-
cumstances and all trials—is it wise for us to
alter it thus rashly, to alter it in its most vital
and essential principle, to amend it by substi-
tuting a new principle for the very soul that
animates the svstem created by it?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will allow
mo to ask him to point to a single decision.
The gentleman says that the sufficiency of the
Constitution has been tested and found in the
past. I ask him now if he knows of a single
decision in'which the sufficiency of the Consti-
tution to secure to a party aggrieved in his
person within a State the right to protection
by the prosecution of a suit, which by the or-
ganic law of the State was denied to him, has
ever been affirmed, either by Federal statute
or Federal decision, or whether the nation has
not been dumb in the presence of the organic
act of a State which declares that eight hun-
dred thousand natural-born citizens of the Uni-
ted States shall be denied the right to prose-
cute a suit in their courts, either for the vindi-
cation of a-right or the redress of a wrong?
Where is the decision? I want an answer.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman will always got
an answer when he asks me a question.. It is
never necessary for him to accompany his ques-
tions with a warning.
I have not been able to prepare a brief for
this argument, and therefore I cannot refer the
gentleman to any ease. As 1 never claim to
be a very learned constitutional lawyer I havo
110 hesitation in making the admission that I do
not know of a case where it has ever been de-
cided that the United States Constitution is suf-
ficient for the protection of the liberties of the
citizen. But still I have, somehow or other,
gone along with the impression that there is
that sort of protection thrown over us in some
way, whether with or without the sanction of a
judicial decision that we are so protected. Of
course, I may be entirely mistaken in all this,
but I have certainly somehow had that impres-
sion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. T wish to know if the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bixbham] has found
or heard of a case in which the Constitution of
the United States has been pronounced to bo
insufficient?
Mr. II ALE. I would rather leave these gen-
tlemen to answer one another at some other
time, if it will answer their purposes as well.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to say that I
am ready to answer the gentleman now, and
to produce such a decision, whether the gen-
tleman from New York is or is not.
Mr. HALE. This is no doubt a verj; inter-
esting side issne; but the gentlemen will par-
don me if I prefer to go on with my own speech
now, and leave them to make theirs in proper
order.
I insist that the American people have not
