1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
yet found that their State governments are in-
sufficient to protect the rights and liberties of
the citizen. If the gentleman from Ohio has
found it so, I recommend him to emigrate to
New York, where he will find it very different.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will ex-
cuse me. I do not cast any imputation upon
theStateofNewYork. The gentleman knows
full well, from conversations I have had with
him, that so far as I understand this power,
under no possible interpretation can it ever be
made to operate in the State of New York while
she occupies her present proud position.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman has the reply,
and I hope he will pardon me for saying that
I think he ought not to interrupt me now.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ought not to do so, and
I do not wish to do it.
Mr. HALE. It is claimed that this consti-
tutional amendment is aimed simply and purely
toward the protection of " American citizens
of African descent" in the States lately in re-
bellion. I understand that to be the whole in-
tended practical effect of the amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is due to the committee
that I should say that it is proposed as well to
protect the thousands and tens of thousands and
hundreds of thousands of loyal white citizens
of the United States whose property, by State
legislation, has been wrested from them under
confiscation, and protect them also against ban-
ishment.
Mr. HALE. I trust that when the gentle-
man comes to reply, he will give me as much
of his time as he takes of mine. As he has the
reply, I do not think he ought to interject his
remarks into my speech. I will modify my
statement and say that this amendment is in-
tended to apply solely to the eleven States lately
in rebellion, so far as any practical benefit to
be derived from it is concerned. The gentle-
man from Ohio can correct me if I am again
in error.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is to apply to other States
also that have in their constitutions and laws
to-day provisions in direct violation of every
principle of our Constitution.
Mr. ROGERS. I suppose the gentleman
refers to the State of Indiana?
Sir. BINGHAM. I do not know, it may be
so. It applies unquestionably to the State of
Oregon.
Mr. HALE. Then I will again modify my cor-
rection and say that it is intended to apply to
every Slate which, in the judgment,of the hon-
orable member who introduced this measure,
has failed to provide equal protection to life,
liberty, and property. And here we come to the
very thing for which I denounce this propo-
sition, that it takes away from these States the
right to determine for themselves what their
institutions shall be. Oregon has not been
contumacious toward this Union; Oregon has
not been in rebellion; the gentleman has no
charge to bring against her, except that she
has incorporated into her constitution and
laws provisions that to him are distasteful, and
which he thinks unjust. I submit that that
should never be a question for us to pass upon
here in Congress. It is a question under the
Constitution of the United States, and under
the whole theory of our Government, for the
people of Oregon to pass upon and to remedy,
if remedy is required, and not for the gentle-
man from Ohio in his capacity as a member
of this House, or for Congress.
If he claims that those provisions of the con-
stitution or the laws of Oregon are inconsistent
with the bill of rights contained in the Consti-
tution of the United States, then I answer that
his remendy isperfcctandample, and the courts
may be appealed to to vindicate the rights of
the citizens, both under civil and criminal pro-
cedure. Their powers are ample; it, never
was questioned, it never eould be questioned,
that the decrees of the courts, in all the States
at least where slavery did not exist, have been
thoroughly and sufficiently enforced.
But the gentleman says there is, and there
has been from first to last, a violation of the
provisions of this bill of rights by the very ex-
istence of slavery itself; that the institution of
slavery itself has existed in defiance of the pro-
visions of the bill of rights; that all the anom-
alies and all the enormities that have grown
out of that institution have been equally in vio-
lation of it. I concede there is much force in
that reasoning. Slavery was an anomaly under
the Constitution; under the strict language of
the Constitution I" cannot see how it ever could
have been claimed to exist. But nobody doubts
that it did exist; that it existed when the Con-
stitution was made; that the Constitution was
made with knowledge of its existence, in full
contemplation of it. And the most marked
evidence of the full weight and appreciation
given to that subject by the framers of the Con-
stitution is the great care with which they dis-
severed the national Government from all con-
nection with the institution of slavery, except
in the two or three instances where they were
forced into it, and then they only mentioned
it by a circumlocution.
I contend, as I have always contended, that
under the Constitution as originally framed
slavery was intended to be solely and exclu-
sively a State institution, under the jurisdiction
of State laws, and removed from Federalanthor-
ity in every respect except in the instances in
which it is referred to in th e Constitution; once in
relation to the basis of representation and tax-
ation ; again in regard to the rendition of fugi-
tives ; and again in regard to the prohibition o't
importation. If that construction which I hold
to be the true State-rights doctrine from the
beginning, if that doctrine had been persisted
in and adhered to, I believo this war of the re-
bellion never would have occurred; that slavery
never would have been found pushing itself into
the Federal Territories; the Missouri question
never would have arisen; the Kansas question
never would have arisen; and I believe that
slavery confined to the States as our fathers
intended it should be confined, would have long
since died out, aud we would have enjoyed all
the blessings of a free, peaceful, strong, na-
tional existence, without the fearful tribulation
through which we have passed in this war of
the rebellion.
But by constructions of courts and of Legis-
latures, by artificial constructions, and, if I
may say it without disrespect to the powers that
have been, by the constructions and decisions
of the courts, which I believe to have been
radically unsound in principle, slavery was cut
loose from this confinement under State laws,
and connected with the Federal Government as
a national institution. I believe it was a de-
parture from the spirit of the Constitution when
it was held that Congress had power to legislate
upon the subject of' the rendition of fugitive
slaves, although I know that at two different
times Congress did consider that whole subject
and pass laws for such rendition. It was not, in
my opinion, within the powers conferred upon
Congress. It was a part of the compact be-
tween the States, and I believe was intended to
be left solely to State action.
But all this reference to the subject of slavery
by the gentleman, by which I have been led
into such a digression, only enforces the point
that the time when an amendment like that
under consideration was ever requisite or desi-
rable, has passed. The monstrous anomaly of
slavery in a free Republic has ceased to exist.
Slavery is dead by constitutional enactment,
and by the same enactment full power is given
to Congress to enforce its extinction by legis-
lation. At such a time and under such circum-
1 stances, it seems to me most unlit that such a
sweeping amendment as that now proposed
should be adopted, which could only be justi-
fied by the existence of that system now swept
away forever.
I refer again to this digression merely to say
that it is the inevitable tendency of power al-
ways to augment itself; to acquire additional
power by mere amplification and accretion.,
Power goes on to increase and arrogate to itself
power, from time to time, by extension and en-
largement. That has been the tendency under
the Constitution as it exists. The principle
that it is the part of a good judge to amplify
his jurisdiction has been not only a maxim of
the courts but it also seems to have been the
principle and maxim upon which the Federal
Government has operated.
Now, I put it to the gentleman [Mr. Bing-
ham] if at a single stride we take such a step
as this, if we confer upon the Federal Congress
powers, in such vague and general language as
this amendment contains, to legislate upon all
matters pertaining to the life, liberty, anu prop-
erty of all the inhabitants of the several States,
I put it to the gentleman, whom I know some-
times at least to be disposed to criticise this
habit of liberal construction, to state where he
apprehends that Congress and the courts will
stop in the powers they may arrogate to them-
selves under this proposed amendment.
It has been settled judicially, as well aslegisla-
tively, that the words "necessary and proper,"
which are found in this amendment, as well as
in the original Constitution, by no means imply
indispensable necessity; that the legislation
"necessary" for carrying into execution pow-
ers is not the legislation without which the
thing cannot be done. But it has been ex-
pressly settled that it means simply "needful,"
" requisite," " conducive to," and under that
settled interpretation of his language I ask the
gentleman where he will draw the line as to
the powers which Congress may exercise as the
"necessary and proper" legislation to attain
these very general results ?
It seems to me, sir, that this is, of all kinds
of legislation, the most dangerous. I believe
that the tendency in this country has been from
the first too much toward the accumulation and
strengthening of central Federal power. During
the lastfive years of war andrebellion, that tend-
ency has necessarily and inevitably increased.
It must always happen that when the life of the
nation is menaced the strength and extent of
central power will be augmented. In such
emergencies th e nati on arrogates to itself powers
which it never thought of possessing or exer-
cising in time of peace. We have become hab-
ituated to yielding to such things as matters of
inexorable necessity. I submit to gentlemen
whether it is not now time that wo should check
that current. I believe that this is, of all times,
the last when we should undertake a radical
amendment of the Constitution, so immensely
extending the power of the Federal Govern-
ment, and derogating from the power of the
States.
Sir, I concede every disposition and every
wish on the part of the gentleman to protect the
liberty of the citizen—the humblest as well
as the highest—the negro, the late_ slave, as
well as others. In every such desire on his
part I most fully and cordially concur. But
let me warn gentlemen that there are other
liberties as important as the liberties of the
individual citizen, and those are the liberties
and rights of the States. I believe that what-
ever most clearly distinguishes our Government
from other Governments in the extent of indi-
vidual freedom and the protection of personal
rights wo owe to our decentralized system, to
the fact that the functions of government with
which the citizen has immediate relation are
brought home to him, that he operates imme-
diately upon them and they immediately upon
him, instead of there being that long chain of
communication which in a centralized govern-
ment must extend from the fountain of power,
whether despotic or republican, whether exec-
utive or legislative, to the citizen. I appeal to
gentlemen whether we ought not now to seek
to strengthen the liberties of the States and the
rights of the States as well as the liberties of
the citizen.
It is true that this doctrine of State rights,
like any other doctrine carried beyond its due
measure, may, when pushed to extremes, gen-
erate evil. It is true that the orthodox, sound,
fundamental doctrine of State rights may, by
progressing beyond the proper line, become
thelieretical and dangerous doctrine of State
sovereignty. Thank God, sir, that heresy has
been put down.
