1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
evidence to be taken from tjie custody of the
committee or of its clerks The request was
made to be permitted to take'eopies of the evi-
dence. The request was met by a statement
that the evidence could not be taken from the
control of the committee or the custody of its
clerk; but that the very fullest opportunity
should be had'at all times to use the evidence
in the committee-room, and under the super-
vision and care of the clerk, he seeing to it
that the proper orders and directions of the
House were observed in that regard. And I
am surprised that a statement of the character
I have read should be made, under all the cir-
cumstances, by General Fry.
Mr. STEVENS. As the evidence has not
been read, I desire to know whether I under-
stand .the purport of it. I desire to inquire
whether, when General Fry was offered to be
examined, he or his counsel insisted that he
should be called by the committee so that he
could not be prosecuted.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. In reply to the
inquiry of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] I will state this; the commit-
tee, as has already been noticed, have confined
their investigations for the present to the ques-
tion of privilege affecting the rights of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Conkling.]
The committee so confining its investigations
deemed it fair and proper that the gentleman
from New York should be permitted to control
the matter of the introduction of testimony af-
fecting his persqnalprivileges, subject ofcourse,
to the right of the committee to take care of the
rights and the privileges of the Hoifse. Taking
that view of the matter, the committee did not
feel at liberty to call, as they might have done,
General Fry upon the motion of the committee
itself. They declined to do that for the reason
that they deemed it just and proper to the gen-
tleman from New York, this being a question
so personal to himself, to allow him to. control
the introduction or the non-introduction of the
testimony of General Fry. That was the posi-
tion of the committee. Of course the commit-
tee might have called, upon its own motion,
General Fry as a witness. It did not do so for
the reason I have stated.
Then the committee had this question before
them: the request was formally made and put
upon the record that the gentleman from New
York should be permitted to cross-examine
General Fry. An appeal was made to the com-
mittee that it should put General Fry in the
position of a witness for*cross-examination,
and not have him made the witness of the gen
tleman from New York, the gentleman from
New York stating distinctly that he declined
to put himself in the position of calling Gen-
eral Fry, so as that thereby he should be pre-
cluded from contradicting or impeaching any
evidence he might give. After that appeal was
thus formally made to the committee, and the
committee had refused to permit General Fry
to be cross-examined, requiring Mr. Coxklixg,
if he desired to use the testimony of General
Fry, to call him and put him in the position of
a witness called by himself, then an appeal was
made to the other side to know whether Gen-
eral Fry was to be examined; and an invita-
tion that he should be examined as a witness
for the other side was repeatedly made. But
that invitation was all the time declined; and
Mr. Conklixg was deprived of the benefit of
the examination of General Fry unless he would
call him as his own witness.
Mr. STEVENS. Did the counsel of Mr. Fry
join in declining?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. That is my under-
standing of the matter.
Mr. STEVENS. The explanations made by
the committee are ample ; they require no fur-
ther vindication, if any was necessary, of their
course. It was, perhaps, unfortunate that this
letter was not addressed at once to the House
instead of coming through a member of the
House, for then I suppose it would have be-
come a part of the records of the House. I
understand that the letter is not now on the
Journals of the House. If that be so, it will
preclude the motion which. I would otherwise
be disposed to make.
The SPEAKER. It is in the Globe, but not
on the Journal.
Mr. STEVENS. The inquiry instituted, the
appointment of this committee, did not bring
the letter upon the Journal?
The SPEAKER. It did not.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I cannot make the
motion I would, have made. All I have to say
is that I do not know that a more causeless,
gross attack has ever been made upon a mem-
ber of this House, either here or elsewhere,
than that contained in that letter. I must
do the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,]
now absent, the justice to suppose that he was
entirely uninformed of the contents of the let-
ter or he would never have presented it to the
House.
I had hope, however, that the committee
would go a little further. In reference to one of
the transactions mentioned in the report—the
Hoboken matter, I believe—in which some
hundreds of thousands of dollars were absorbed
by somebody, there were, if the evidence is to
be believed, three parties implicated. Two
of them, I believe, are now in the penitentiary.
The third is General Fry. Why is it that some
steps have not been taken by the committee to
send him there? It is possible that the com-
mittee had not the power. But after the ex-
posure which has been made it seems to me
that it is the duty of the law officers of the
Government to prosecute him; and unless the
evidence contained in this book can be dis-
proved he should be convicted and confined
in the penitentiary. I cannot conceive any
reason why there should not be at once insti-
tuted a proceeding for the prosecution of Gen-
eral Fry. This would give him an opportunity
to vindicate himself in some other way than
by posthumous letters. I suppose, however,
the committee did not feel themselves author-
ized to take action with a view to the prosecu-
tion of General Fry.
Mr. RAYMOND. I would like to make a
suggestion to thegentleman from Pennsylvania.
In referring to the case in which two of the
parties implicated are now in the penitentiary,
the gentleman spoke of it as the Hoboken
matter. I believe it Was the Elmira case.
Mr. STBVfiNS. I believe the gentleman is
correct. I happened to sec_ the name of the
other case here and was misled by it. The
ease I meant to refer to was, I believe, the
Elmira fraud.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
will state to the House—I would not have stated
it but for the inquiry just presented by the gen-
tleman fromPennsylvania—why the committee,
after having found a flagrant violation of the
privileges of a member of the House and of the
House itself, stopped without recommending
any proceeding by the House against the cul-
prit. The inquiry is very pertinent, one which
would naturally occur to every mind, and one
which received the careful attention ot the
committee. . .
The committee did not deem it outside of
the powers conferred upon it by the resolu-
tion to recommend such proceedings against
General Fry as the House might deem to be
due in the premises. The committee report
to the House its reasons for omitting to pre-
sent any formal resolution upon that subject.
I will state those reasons.^ The first, which is
not stated in the report, is this: General Fry
being connected with the Government and a
member of the executive department, thereof,
any proceeding by this House would be com-
municated to the President of the United
States, laying the facts before hip-. At any
rate this is the judgment of a majority of the
committee. Now, sir, a communication to
the President of the United States laying be-
fore him the facts in regard to this matter
might now be made by the House. The com-
mittee has said in the report that this is a
matter resting so peculiarly within the dis-
cretion of the House, a matter so peculiarly
proper to be decided by its sense of fitness,
that a mere recommendation or opinion of
the committee would not be useful, to th«
House. The committee has done everything
else than simply express its opinion; I mean
that it has done-everything in its power toward
aiding the House in coming to a just conclu-
sion as to what it should do. The committee
has reported all the facts; it has reported all
the law bearing upon the facts; but it has
refrained from making any recommendation
as to the institution of further proceedings
against General Fry.
Then there was another reason—the most
potent of all—that operated upon the mind of
the committee in omitting to present any fur-
ther resolution. It is that the breach of the
privileges of the House was committed so en-
tirely in conjunction with the action of a mem-
ber of this House that the. two acts cannot be
separated. The letter is written containing
upon its face the evidence that it was meant to
be used somewhere, and was not designed
simply for the information of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] to whom it was
addressed.
There were other facts which came to the
knowledge of the committee. It was stated
to the committee, for instance, that no com-
plaint was made by General Fry that Mr.
Blaine had violated his confidence or wishes
in presenting it to the House. These consid-
erations induced the committee to believe his
letter was written to be used in the House in
the manner in which it was used by a member
of the House. Therefore, sir, the commit-
tee was brought clearly up to the question,
whether further proceedings could be taken
against General Fry except as connected with
those against a member of the House, one of
them having violated the privileges of the
House, and we deemed it fair and just the
proceedings should be a unit against both.
That, I believe, answers the inquiry of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
I do not wish to detain the House longer. I
repeat what has been said in the report, that a
more careful and more malicious and wanton
violation of the privileges of the House and
of its members has not been brought to the
noticc of any member of the committee. There
is not to be found any more hurtful libel upon
any member of this body in the history of its
proceedings. It is due to onrselves, it is due
to this body, if we are to preserve the dignity
of the character of a Representative of the
American people that such indignities should
cease. My unwillingness to detain the House
at this late period in the session does not grow
out of any belief on my part that this is not an
important matter. Gentlemen of the House
of Representatives, it is time steps were taken
to stop this parade of plantation manners and
ruffianism here at the center and heart of the
nation where the laws are made, and where
law is esteemed to be sublime and sacred in
its sway. I have not spoken, because the mat-
ter has been brought so eloquently and fully
to the attention of the House, on the ques-
tion of privilege just disposed of. It has fully
been brought to the attention of the House by
the report of the committee. I am unwilling
to consume the time of the House, but I am
unwilling to sit down without saying the House
should do this justice to my friend from New
York, [Mr. Coxklixg,] a justice he is entitled
to, having been in all of this matter in refer-
ence to which he was assailed, not only inno-
cent, but eminently patriotic and valuable step
by step to his Government at a time of immi-
nent peril. It is due to him and the House we
should call the yeas and nays expressing the
judgment • the House in condemnation of
this act of indignity which one of its members
suffered. Unless some gentleman desires to
address the House, I shall now demand the
previous question. ,
Mr. WENTWORTH._ I ask the gentleman
to yield to me for five minutes. .
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Certainly. _
Mr WENTWORTH. Mr. Speaker, it ap-
pears to me that we are trying the wrong man.
