: - : -- -
, - r }
: A"-'
' - " i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THIRTY-NINTH CONGRESS.
FIRST SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 4, 1865.
This being the day prescribed by the Con-
stitution of "the United States for the meeting
of Congress, the Senate assembled iu the Sen-
ate Chamber, in the Capitol, at the city of
Washington.
The following Senators were present. From
the State of
Maine—Hon. William Pitt Fesscnden and
Hon. Lot M. Morrill.
New Hampshire—Hon. Daniel Clark.
Vermont—Hon. Solomon Foot.
Massachusetts—Hon. Charles Sumner and
Hon. Henry Wilson.
Rhode Island—Hon. Henry B. Anthony and
Hon. William Sprague.
Connecticut—Hon. James Dixon and Hon.
La Fayette S. Foster.
New York—Hon. Ira Harris and Hon. Ed-
win D. Morgan.
New Jersey—Hon. William Wright.
Pennsylvania—Hon. Charles R. Buckalcw
and Hon. Edgar Cowan.
Delaware—Hon. George Read Riddle and
Hon. Willard Saulsbury.
Maryland—Hon. J. A. J. Creswell and Hon.
Revcrdy Johnson. _ ,
Kentucky—Hon. James Guthrie.
Ohio—Hon. John Sherman and Hon. Ben-
jamin F. Wade.
Indiana—Hon. Henry S. Lane.
Illinois—Hon. Lyman Trumbull.
Missouri—lion. B. Gratz Brown.
Michigan—Hon. Zachariah Chandler and
Hon. Jacob M. Howard.
JVisconsin—Hon. James R. Doolittle and
Hon. Timothy 0. Howe.
Iowa—Hon. James W. Grimes.
California—Hon. John Conness and Hon.
James A. McDougall.
Minnesota—Hon. Daniel S. Norton and Hon.
Alexander Ramsey.
Oregon—Hon. James W. Nesmithand Hon.
George II. Williams.
Kansas—Hon. Samuel C. Pomeroy.
West Virginia—Hon. Peter G. Van Winkle
and Hon. Waitman T. Willey.
Nevada—Hon. James W. Nye and Hon.
William M. Stewart.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore [Hon. La
Fayette S. Foster] at twelve o'clock called
the Senate to order.
prayer.
Rev. Edgab H. Gray, the Chaplain to the
Senate for the Thirty-Ninth Congress, offered
the foil owing prayer:
Glory be to Thy name, 0 God, that the Re-
public still lives, the nation survives, the coun-
try is safe! Glory bo to Thy name that our
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 1.
heroic efforts have been crowned with victory,
so that the desolations of war have ceased, ana
the ground no longer shakes beneath the tread
of armies! Glory be to Thy name that we are
permitted to recognize God in the dispensations
of His providence and His grace-in dealing
■with us! We praise Thee with thanksgiving
that the statue of Freedom now looks down
from our Capitol upon an entire nation of free
men, and that we are permitted by the dispen-
sations of Thy providence, and the way being
prepared, to give liberty to the captive, the.
opening of the prison to them that are bound,
and to proclaim the acceptable year of our God.
0 Lord, we bless Thee that Thy servants are
permitted to convene in these halls of legisla-
tion under circumstances so auspicious to de-
liberate upon matters grave and important to
the interests of the nation. Grant, we pray
Thee, that all their deliberations and enact-
ments may be such as to secure the divine ap-
proval, and insure the unanimous acquiescence
of our people, and command the respect of the
nations of the earth. 0 Lord, grant that the
afflictive dispensations of Thy providence, and
the public bereavements which the nation and
the Senate have suffered since they last con-
vened, may be preeminently sanctified to our
good. And bless, we pray Thee, our Presi-
dent and the ministers of State associated with
him in authority, and endue them richly with
wisdom and strength adequate to their great rc-
snonsibilitios. And grant that the principles
of our free and gloripus Government may be
established upon an everlasting basis, and
come, Thou Ancient of days, and reign over us
forever. Amen.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, took the
chair.
credentials.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I present the
credentials of Hon. Luke P. Poland, ap-
pointed by the Executive of the State of Ver-
mont, to fill the vacancy which recently oc-
curred in the representation from that State in
this body. I move that the credentials be read,
the prescribed oaths administered to Mr. Po-
land by the Chair, and that he be admitted to
his seat.
The credentials were read, and the oaths pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Poland, he took his seat in the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, I desire to
present the credentials of Hon. Jonn P. Stock-
ton, of New Jersey, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of that State to serve for six years
from the 4th of March last. I ask that the
credentials be read.
The Secretary read the credentials.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Stockton is present,
and is ready to be qualified.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Mr. Stock-
ton will be good enough to come forward and
take the oaths prescribed by the. Constitution
and laws.
Mr. COWAN. Before the oaths are admin-
istered, I beg leave to present the protest of sev-
eral members of the Legislature of N ew Jersey,
protesting against the right of Mr. Stockton to
take his seat here as a Senator. I do not desire
to raise the question as to whether he-may not be
sworn, because I believe his credentials are
prima facie sufficient for that puroose, bit I
desire that these papers may be laid before the
Senate and referred to the^ Committee on -the
Judiciary when that committee shall be organ-
ized, in order that the prayer of the memorial-
ists may be heard and .such order taken upon
it as the Senate in their wisdom may decree.. •.
The PRESIDENl>ro tempore. The protest
will be received.
Mr. COWAN. I move that it lie on the table
until the Committee on the Judiciary be organ-
ized.
The PRESIDENT^)™ tempore. The protest
will be received and laid on the table. If no
objection be made, Mr. Stockton will be good
enough to come forward and take the oaths pre-
scribed by the Constitution and laws. _
The prescribed oaths were then administered
to Mr. Stockton, and he took his seat in tie
Senate.
bills introduced.
Mr. WADE. Is it in- order to introduce a
bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in order
if there be no objection. It requires a day's
notice under the rules, but it can be received if
there be no objection.
Mr. WADE. I ask leave to introduce a bill
of which no notice has been given.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is any ob-
jection made?
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the title of the
bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title
of the bill will be read.
The Secretary read it as follows:
A bill (S. No. 1) to regulate the elective fran-
chise in the District of Columbia.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object.
Mr. WADE. Objection being made, I give
notice that I shall introduce it to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not hear the objection.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I could not make
myself audible. I want to know what the bill is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from California object to the introduc-
tion of the bill?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will not; I will look
at it afterwards.
Mr. WADE. If there be no objection, I move
that it lie on the table until the committees are
appointed. * *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
having had its first reading, will lie on the table
as a matter of course.
Mr. WADE. I move that the bill be printed.
The motion wais agreed to.
