1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Let us see that a more dangerous heresy be
not allowed to rise in its place.
I will not spend more time upon this subject.
I oppose the resolution as unsound in sub-
stance, as impolitic in itself, as not in confor-
mity or harmony with the theory of the Con-
stitution under which we live. I oppose it as
uncalled for at all times, as especially uncalled
for now when our tendencies ought all to be
the other way. And, sir, I particularly oppose
it in view of the manner in which it is now
brought before this House and is now progress-
ing here. Gentlemen will not, I trust, under-
stand me as making any personal complaints. I
am doing no such thing. I simply say that in my
judgment the course taken is not a course pro-
motive of that calm, deliberate, fair, full con-
sideration which a constitutional amendment
always demands.
This resolution was in fact first brought to
the notice of the House yesterday morning. It
had previously been reported and printed; but
wo all know how little attention is paid to these
files upon our desks; how little we know of the
mere routine business of the House. Yester-
day morning this resolution was brought before
the House by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bintjiiam] for debate, with the proposition that
he would have it debated yesterday, and per-
haps to-day, and that on one of those two days
the vote should be taken. Now, is that the
way in which great questions of constitutional
law ought to be considered and decided by this
Congress? Should we, on the few hours' hasty
examination which we can give to such a ques-
tion, amid the noise and confusion,'the dis-
turbance and excitement of this Hall, under-
take to pass upon such questions? Should wo
not take time for ample, careful deliberation,
and seek in some degree, at least, to overcome
those external influences here which are so
well calculated to disturb our action?
More than that, a large part of the little time
which we have had devoted to this question has
been occupied by discussion entirely aside from
the subject. X regret that my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kki.ley] should have seen (it to
criticise what ho with such pointed ironytermed
my "generosity," in yielding a half hour to
the continuation of his learned but general dis-
quisition upon constitutional law. The point
which I raised upon him 1 raised in entire good
nature and good faith, and I think with entire
propriety, that his speech, however learned and
however interesting, was not addressed to the
subject before the House. If I had had the
same opportunity, I should have raised the
same point upon my esteemed friend from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. llionY.J floweverinterestingthe
discussion of these gentleman may have been
to the House, it appeared manifest to me that
the greater part of their remarks were not ger-
mane to the question under consideration.
1 submit if we arc to have but some six or
eight hours discussion of this constitutional
amendment it ought at least to bo devoted to that
subject and not range over the whole field of
constitutional relations and personal relations
between Congress and the President.
I do not believe the present time favorable
to that calm and dispassionate consideration
which should always be given to a subject of
such momentous importance as a change of the
fundamental principles of our fundamental law.
I do not believe the circumstances to-day sur-
rounding this House conducive to that de-
liberation. Conceding this House to be a wise,
discreet, and virtuous House beyond all prece-
dent, still 1 beg leave to say, if I may do it
without a breach of its privileges, I apprehend
that its members are human, subject to like
passions and infirmities as others. And be-
lieving that excited feeling and undue passion
may even now unconsciously be so far influen-
cing some of us that we are not in proper tone
or temper to weigh the full importance of our
vote upon the subject before us, I again ap-
peal to gentlemen not to pass this amendment
until at least time shall have been allowed for
careful examination and dispassionate reflec-
tion.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, it was not until
the last fifteen minutes that I had the least in-
tention of saying one syllable on this subject.
I will say in advance, sir, that I am one of
the few men, the very few men, who live in this
day who do not claim to be a constitutional law-
yer. The last four years have been prolific in pro-
ducing that article. I look at this joint resolution
in a common sense view, I have read it and re-
read it with the intention to get at what it really
means. It provides that Congress shall have
power to make all the laws which shall be neces-
sary and proper to secure to the citizens of each
State all the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens of the several States. When I read it the
first time I gathered from it this idea, and I
have not changed my ojjinion in reading it half
a dozen times over. I understand it to mean
this, and in my five minutes I shall confine
myself entirely to the question involved in the
resolution. I understand it to mean simply this:
if a citizen of Iowa or a citizen of Pennsylvania
has any business, or if curiosity has induced him
to visit tlio State of South Carolina or Georgia,
he shall have the same protection of the laws
there that he would have had had he lived there
for ten years.
The reason why my mind naturally came to
that conclusion was simply this : for the last
thirty years that has not been the case. I but
state a fact well known to every man who has
taken the trouble to know anything, that for
the last thirty years a citizen of a free State
dared not express his opinion on the subject
of slavery in a slave State. I know that to be
true ; and there are hundreds of men who know
it to be true from experience. A citizen of a
slave State could come into a free State at any
time during the last quarter of a ccntury and
express his opinion on any subject connected
with State rights or any other which agitated
the public mind; but if a citizen of a free
State visiting a slave State expressed his opin-
ion in reference to slavery he was treated with-
out much ccremony to a coat of tar and feathers
and a ride upon a rail.
Now, gentlemen may say that slavery is abol-
ished, that the institution is dead, and therefore
there is no danger in the future from this cause.
I do not so understand it. I have learned
within the last two weeks from a man who went
from the State of Illinois into the State of Mis-
sissippi with seven companions, making eight
in all, to work in a machinc shop, and that
there camc back only six of them, the other
two having been murdered between the shop
and their boarding house. Slavery may be
dead so far as the law is concerned.
Mr. WillGUT. I rise to a question of or-
der. I insist that the gentleman must confine
himself to the subject under discussion. Wo
are not trying murder cases.
The SPEAKER. The discussion on this
amendment has taken a wide range ; but this
is the first point of order which has been made.
If it had been made previously the Chair would
have sustained it.
Mr. PRICE. If what I have said is irrele-
vant to the resolution 1 am in utter ignorance
of it.
Mr. WRIGIIT. I do not doubt it.
Mr. PRICE. I say, sir, that the intention of
the resolution before the House is to give the
same rights, privileges, and protection to the
citizen of one State going into another that a
citizen of that State would have who had lived
there for years.
The SPEAKER.. That is clearly in order.
The Chair has just resumed possession of the
chair, having been out. He supposed the gen-
tleman was proceeding in the line of argument
that had been indulged in during the day by
others. The Chair sustains the gentleman from
Iowa, as his remarks are clearly in order.
Mr. PRICE. Yes, sir. Though I am not a
constitutional lawyer, I believe I do know how
many two and two make—that when added to-
gether they always give the proper answer-
four. That is the question, and I believe,
without arrogating to myself anything that does
not belong to me, that I am sticking a little
closer to it than most gentlemen who have dis-
cussed it.
Now, sir, if thatis the intention of the res-
olution, if it is designed to protect a citizen of
Pennsylvania, New York, Iowa, or any other
free State in going into a southern State where
slavery has cursed the soil and the inhabitants,
then I am most decidedly in favor of it. And
when gentlemen rise here and talk about the
Constitution of our fathers—and I have heard
them talk about it here until if I had been a
believer in ghosts I would have supposed that
our fathers who have beei^invoked so loudly
would have come from tlie grave to see what
was wanted of them, [laughter]—when gen-
tlemen declaim about the Constitution of our
fathers, let me say that I find in that Constitu-
tion this language: that Congress shall have
power among other things to provide for the
general welfare. Now, if providing for the
general welfare moans the power to pass laws
that shall extend equal protection over all the
subjects of this Government, then that consti-
tutional provision is sufficiently strong to suit
me, and I do not want this amendment. But,
sir, as I said before, an experience of thirty
years has satisfied me that that constitutional
provision is not sufficiently strong, or has not
been enforced.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman yield
one moment?
Mr. PRICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman inform
me where that clause of the Constitution is that
authorizes Congress to provide for the general
welfare ?
Mr. PRICE. Most certainly. It has been
a part of the joys of my life to impart informa-
tion to the ignorant. [Laughter.]
Mr. WRIGHT. Charity begins at home.
Mr. PRICE. I will read:
" The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts,
and provide for the common defense and general wel-
fare of the United States."
That is the eighth section of the first article
of the Constitution of "our fathers," [laugh-
ter]—the same old Constitution that for four
years past I have heard spoken of bj' some
people as "the Constitution as it is."
Now, if the Constitution had protected the
rights of citizens of one State in going into
another, that Constitution is all that I would
have wanted, and I do think that a fair inter-
pretation of it, and a just enforcement of its
provisions would have brought about that pro-
tection. But experience, though it may be a
dear school, is one of the best that any man,
whether he be foolish or wise, was ever taught
in, and the experience of the last quarter of a
century ought to have satisfied any gentleman
that the Constitution has not afforded that pro-
tection. And now, while we are in the course
of reconstruction, laying anew, as it were, the
foundations of this Government, I want to see
such a guarantee placed in the Constitution as
will protect all citizens. I have passed the time
of life when I shall expect to travel in the south*
crn country, but I want to have a Constitution
that shall protect my children and my chil-
dren' s children who may have occasion to travel
in any part of the United States where the
stars and stripes are honored as the ensign of
our nationality. Until that is done it does not
satisfy me. I am not one of those who believe
that wc are not to learn anything as we pass
through this world.
Mr. ROGERS. Does the gentleman read
from the text of the Constitution where it au-
thorizes Congress to provide for the general
welfare?
Mr. PRICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROGERS. I cannot find it in the text;
it is in the preamble.
Mr. BINGHAM. The first article and the
eighth section.
Mr. PRICE. I do not pretend to be any-
thing more than a common-sense man—not a
constitutional lawyer.
Mr. ROGERS. It is so. I never noticed it
before. I supposed it was only in the preamble.
