1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
Mr. PRICE. I have done some good, sir,
you see._ [Laughter.] I have taught the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] who
can talk longer and louder than any man upon
this floor, [laughter,] that there are some things
in the Constitution of our fathers that even he
was not aware of before. He has talked about
the Constitution of our fathers; and he is not
the first man I have heard talk about "the
Constitution as it is," and when you bring
them down to the letter, to the real old English
of the Constitution of our fathers, about which
they prate so much, these gentlemen are as
ignorant of it as they were before they were
born. [Laughter.] They never read it.
Several Members. He saidhe never read it.
Mr. PRICE. Now, sir, is it not time for men
to pause upon this question, when we are to
listen to harangues an hour and a half in length
irorn. men who are the especial'defenders, if
you are to believe them, of the Constitution
and the Government, and the especial defend-'
ers of the Administration, at this time partic-
ularly. And yet, strange as it may appear,
when brought to the test on that very instru-
ment, they stand up in this House and before
the country and acknowledge that they have
never read the Constitution! [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman allow
me one word about "the Constitution of our
fathers ?''
Mr. PRICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CIIANLER. This •is a new question
raised by the gentlemean from Iowa, and one
I have never heard debated, and I wish to ask,
merely for information, if I understand him to
say that he bases his argument for the resolu-
tion before the House upon the eighth section
of the first article of the Constitution, which
he read, upon the powers granted for the pro-
tection of the "general welfare" of the country?
Mr. PRICE. When the gentleman asks his
question I will answer it.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask that question.
Mr. PIUCE. Any gentleman who has list-
ened to what little I have said knows that I
based no argument upon that at all. I base
my argument upon the resolution before the
House. I pledged myself, and my veracity is at
stake, to speak to the question before the House.
I referred, as a part of what I was saying, to
what is called "the Constitution of our fathers,"
and gave the reasons why I am in favor of this
resolution.
Mr. CHANLER. I would ask the gentle-
man 
Mr. PRICE. No, I do not yield further.
Mr. CHANLER. Then I must ask the Chair
to have this article of the Constitution read.
[Loud shouts of Order!" "Order!"] Ithas
been entirely misconstrued by the gentleman.
[Renewed and continued shouts of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is out of order, and will resume his seat.
Mr. CHANLER. It is a mere power to
raise direct taxes. [Loud cries of " Order !"
" Order!"']
The SPEAKER. The rule requires a gen-
tleman to resume his seat when the Chair orders
him to do so. A member is in defiance of the
House and of the Chair when he persists in
speaking when the Chair calls him to order.
Mr. CHANLER. I beg pardon of the Chair.
I was merely stating 
[Loud cries of "Order!"]
Mr. PRICE. I had not the least idea of
raising such a hubbub in this House. [Laugh-
ter. ] I will say, by way of explanation, that
while I am perfectly willing to impart infor-
mation and educate as many of the Democratic
party as possible, it is a larger job than I would
like to undertake this late in the day to edu-
cate the whole of them. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask one thing?
Mr. PRICE. No, I do not yield to that gen-
tleman. ' ,
Mr. CHANLER. He does not stand by his
own declarations. [Loud cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is out of order, and will take his seat.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman from New York
evidently does not understand this question.
The remarks I have made have been well un-
derstood by every gentleman who has paid any
attention to my line of argument. I have only
referred to this question because I have not
heard it alluded to by any gentleman upon either
side who has had the floor; and I now aver,
most honestly and sincerely, as one great rea-
son why the resolution should pass, that if it
is possible, in the reconstruction of the Gov-
ernment and in the readmission of the States
lately in rebellion, to so amend our Constitu-
tion as that each citizen of every State shall
have the same rights and privileges as the cit-
izens of every other State, then in the name of
justice and humanity we ought to attend to that
duty. Heretofore in the history of this coun-
try that has not been the case. I but state a
fact which no gentleman dare call in question,
and of which no successful contradiction can
be made, when Istatethatup to this time there
has not been that equal protection to the cit-
izens of the different States that they were
entitled to under the Constitution of our Gov-
ernment.
And this resolution is intended to give force
and effect to that idea and principle. And for
that reason I am in favor of this joint resolu-
tion, and hope that by all means this House
will adopt it,; and not only this, but any and
every resolution that will give force and strength
to that instrument, so that in the coming gen-
erations of time we may never have occasion
again to lament the occurrence of such a war
as the one we have just passed through. 1 trust
that the Constitution, upon which all our civil
and religious institutions are based, will have
given to it sufficient stability and solidity to bear
any burden that may be placed upon it, and give
to us what wo propose to have—equal rights
and equal privileges from one end ol' this con-
tinent to the other.
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose now to call the
previous question if no other gentleman de-
sires to be beard to-day, and then let the vote
be taken to-morrow morning, as there are many
members of the House now absent from the
Hall.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If they are
not here, then let them take the responsibility
of being absent.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to deal fairly by
both sides of the House; and therefore I am
willing to let the vote be taken to-morrow morn-
ing instead of to-night.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not desire to say much
upon this subject; but I should like an oppor-
tunity to-morrow to sav a few words.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
suggest to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bing-
ham] to have the previous question seconded
now, and then he can yield a portion of his
time to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Datip.]
Mr. BIN GHAM. If the gentleman from New
York does not desire to speak now, I will con-
sent that this subject shall go over until to-
morrow, and when he concludes his remarks,
then I will call the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS. That will suit mo. I will
retain the floor on this question, but yield it
this afternoon for other business.
trade with british america.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Coinmitteeof Waysand Means
a bill regulating trade with the British North
American possessions ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
made the special order for Friday next after
the morning hour, and from day to day until
disposed of.
petroleum.
The SPExVKER laid before the House a
eommunicatio.n from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting the report of S. S. Hays, of
the United States revenue commission, on pe-
troleum as a source of national wealth; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
CLERKS IN TH1| TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with the
acts of Congress of April 20, 1818, and August
20, 1842, a list of the clerks employed in his
Department, their salaries, &c.; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ASSASSINATION 03? PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, by unanimous corf-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to: -
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested, if not incompatible with the irablic in-
terest, to communicate to this House all the infor-
mation in his possession in reptard to the distribution
of the rewards offered by the Government for the ar-
rest of the assassins of the late President Lincoln.
lands requiring irrigation.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee 011 Public
LandsHousebillNo. 10, to develop and reclaim
public lands requiring irrigation, and to encour-
age agriculture in the Territories of Idaho, Col-
orado, .Arizona, and Montana, and the State
of Nevada; and the same was ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the committee.
president op mexico.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President bo requested to com-
municate to this House, if in his opinion not incon-
sistent with the public interest, any correspondence
or otheriniormation 111 possession of the Government
in regard to the term 01 office of President Juarez, of
the republic of Mexico; as to the period when, under
the constitution, a popular election should take place,
when free from foreign invasion; and as to any rot©
ofeonfidence and extraordinary powers given to Pres-
ident Juarez by the Congress of the M exiean republic.
LAKE SUPERIOR. HARBOR.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of "War be directed
to communicate to the House such estimates, based
upon surveys ot Lake Superior harbor, as will show
what appropriations areneedful toclearihe entrance
into that harbor, and such information as to the ne-
ccssityof thatwoik as may be in the possession of
the ^Department.
CHAPLAINS TN TIIE NAVY.
Mr. IIULBURD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution } which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Rrsohecl, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quested to communicate to this House the names of
the present chaplains in the Navy, together with the
date of each appointment, and the State from which
such appointment was made.
ligxit-iiouse dues.
Mr. RAYMOND^ by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution } which was
read, considered, and agreed to ;
Revolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of imposing
light-house due* on voxels arriving at or departing
from ports of the United States; and to report by
bill or otherwise.
lobt discharges.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Whereas soldiers who have been honorably dis-
charged from the service, and have lo«t their dis-
charges, are now, under the rules of the War Depart-
ment, precluded from obtaining duplicates thereof:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciarv be
instructed to inquireintotheexpediencyof providing
by legislation ior the issuing of certificates, as evi-
dence of such discharges, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Imoreto
amend the resolution by adding, "'and that the
committee have leave to report at any time."
1 know that there are some very hard cases
where soldiers have thus lost their discharges,
and I think there ought to be some legislation
at once.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
french troop? ix mexico.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I ask unan-
imous consent to offer the following :
Whereas tlioEmperor of France, at therecent open-.
