1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
298?
foreigners in the old free States, for whom we
arc now entitled to seventeen Representatives
in the other House, and it weakens that part
of the country that much. That is all there
is in it. It is simply a blow which strikes the
two million one hundred thousand unnatural-
ized foreigners who are now counted in the
basis of representation from that basis, and
takes the Representatives for that population
from the loyal portion of the country for the
benefit of the other end of the country that has
been disloyal. That is the proposition, and I
shall vote against it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that a'remark
only is necessary in reply to that. The two
million of unnaturalized foreign population al-
luded to by the Senator is somewhat an over-
estimate. But take it at two millions ; how
long are they excluded? Only during a short
period of probation—live years ; and in most
of the States the great body of them are
promptly admitted to citizenship.
Mr. President, I ask you whether it is not
just that those people who a re denied political
power should be excluded from the basis of
representation. If it is right to exclude four
million blacks in the southern States who are
denied representation, is it not also right to
exclude all other classes in every other State
who are denied ^political power? We cannot
go before the people of the United States and
argue the question as it affects this State or
that State, this community or that community.
The amendment to the Constitution which we
propose we must settle upon some fundamen-
tal principle—not judge by the way it will
operate upon this community or that commu-
nity, but as it operates on the whole mass of
the community at large.
Now, I say that it is not unjust to cxclude
the cvmmunities in which two million for-
eigners in the process of naturalization live
from exercising political power for them. As
soon as our laws allow them to exercise polit-
ical power for themselves they will become
citizens, and they will vote ; but the very same
reason which excludes the four million col-
ored population in the southern States who
are denied by their laws all political power
would exclude temporarily, during the short
period of probation, the foreign population
who are unnaturalized. But it must be re-
membered by my friend from Massachusetts
that the great body of unnaturalized foreigners
are women and children. Nearly all the men
who come to this country are naturalized in
five years. The exceptions are very rare. In
an agricultural community like the West all
foreigners are naturalized in a short period of
time, except in some States where the policy
of their laws is to prevent them from being
naturalized by allowing them to vote without
being naturalized. The most of the unnatu-
ralized people in this country are women and
children. Nearly all the men who have lived
here five years have votes. The objection the
Senator now makes, that two million for-
eigners would be unrepresented, disappears in
1870, because by that time all who have been
in this country during the' requisite period
would undoubtedly be naturalized, and they
would then be counted.
Mr. GRIMES. Others take their places.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are coming in.
But ought they to be counted until we .intrust
them with political power? The Senator from
Massachusetts has no more right to vote for a
foreigner whom the laws of the United States
declare to be unfit to vote for himself than I
have, merely because he lives in Massachusetts.
It seems to me that is not a fair argument.
Another argument has been often drawn into
this discussion. 1 do not know that it is worth
while for me to continue the discussion, be-
cause as I feel bound by the action of my
friends 1 shall vote against this amendment.
But there is another argument. It is said that
the young and active men of all the eastern
States, including Ohio, which now sends more
abroad than it receives, emigrate westward,
leaving their families behind them, and that it
is unjust to deprive those families of political
representation. So it would be taking a super-
ficial view, but you must remember that these
young men who go West themselves represent
their families, and that they bring the princi-
ples in which they were taijght back into this
body and into the other House. They exer-
cise political power for their families when
they go to the West. The W est gives these
emigrants office, honor, position. Should not
the West count for that ? When a young man
goes from Massachusetts to Minnesota, ought
not Minnesota to have the benefit of his polit-
ical power in her count of representation,
when she gives him office and honor and power
and patronage? Undoubtedly. Wherever the
man votes there he ought to be counted; and
if he leaves behind those who do not vote they
ought not to be counted. He ought to be
counted where he exercises his political power,
so that a man in one State may be the same in
every State, having the same political power.
But I will not discuss this matter further.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I have a word
to say. I am not exactly in the category of
my honorable friend from Ohio. I do not wear
the harness of caucus on this occasion, or in-
deed upon any other. I am opposed to any
alteration of the Constitution in this point,
because to me that is vital. But 1 am going
to vote for the proposition of the Senator from
Wisconsin because I think it better than the
original proposition and not worse.
It does seem to me there are most, extraor-
dinary notions of political power here, what
constitutes it, where it is vested, and how it is
wielded. What conceivable difference can it
make to a citizen of Pennsylvania as to how
Ohio distributes her political power? What
conceivable interest, has the honorable Senator
from Ohio, or a Senator from any other State,
to say to us whom we shall allow to vote and
whom we shall not allow? They do not pre-
tend that they Itave a right to say to us whom
we shall elect and whom we shall not elect;
and is not the elector just as much the choice
of the community as an officer is the choice of
it, exccpt that the electors are chosen by a
class and described by a general designation,
whereas the officer is chosen by name to per-
form certain functions?
Mr. President, to touch, to venture upon
that ground is to revolutionize the whole frame
and texture of the system of our Government;
to turn it over: to violate our own canons.
What is the guarantee of the United States to
the several States? It is that they shall have
a republican form of government. Now we are
told that a republican form of government is
this, that, and the other. One man says it is
" universal suffrage ;" another man says it is
"universal manhood suffrage," so as to throw
out the ladies ; another says it is ''universal
white suffrage," and so on. Who can agree
as to what a republican form of government is?
If gentlemen had read the original text and the
approved commentaries thereon they would
have found that, the guarantee was such a form
of government, as the State itself should make.
The State is the judge of the republican form
of government, and not the citizens of the
other States.
Then, if a State has the right to form its own
government, and that is the republican form,
by what right can one of the other States, or
two of them, or ten of them, or three fourths
of them, if you please, venture to introduce
into the State a power from without in order
to control its distribution of political power?
If the effect of any such extra action upon a
State would be to deprive it of a portion of its I
weight, in the Union, that is a violation of the
original compact; it. is a violation of the very
instrument upon which the Union was formed;
it is putting the torch to the very fabric you
wish to preserve: it is putting a mine under
the very building you wish to secure. Are you
to preserve these States if you are to regulate
the weight hereafter that they are to have in
the Union? Can half a dozen or a dozen or
two dozen of these States undertake to shear
of their political power the other States? Can
you violate your own guarantee? When you
say that nobody else shall deprive these States
of the right of making their own government
and distributing their own power as theyplease,
can you do it? Can the guarantor himself with
impunity violate his own guarantee?
Mr. President. I had intended to make some
more extended remarks on this topic; and as I
am on the floor now I may just as well say at
this time what I have to say on the-general
snbject._ It is perfectly clear, I should think,
to all wise people that the basis of representa-
tion, or the measure of political power and that
which adjusts it among the States, should be
something fixed, certain, determined. You
cannot make a flexible standard. You cannot
make a standard that is thirty-three inches
to-day and thirty-six to-morrow, and the .next
day forty. You cannot allow a State to open
and shut her valves and admit power or expel
it at. will. You propose to say that if she does
not do certain things she shall not have but a
certain amount of power. Suppose she wants
power. She is made the arbiter of the power
she shall have in the Union. Suppose she
chooses to exclude it again, what then? Here
we have a constantly shifting panorama upon
which I do not see how it is possible that an
apportionmentbill can be framed. Population,
however, is certain, fixed, determinate, a thing
to be counted every ten years, and a thing to be
encouraged, because if you make population
the basis of representation then you encourage
population ; but if yon make voting the basis,
or if you make that the measure, then you
encourage the degradation of the franchise. I
am willing, on the part of my own State, that
she shall be the guardian of the franchise within
her limits. The people of our State are to be
the judges of the persons in our society who
are fit and proper to cast our ballots ; and we
are-perfectly willing that all other States shall
enjoy that privilege, because wo believe t.hatit
is an inherent and essential privilege in every
State.
But what will be the result ypon us of the
proposition before the Senate? We have in
Pennsylvania about one hundred thousand ne-
groes, and we have a Representative in Con-
gress based upon them. What is to be the
operation of this amendment? Just this: your
whip is held over Pennsylvania, and you say to
her that she must either allow her negroes to
vote or have one member of Congress less.
That is it: and it comes with very bad grace
from a parcel of people who have no negroes
among them: and that I think is the worst
feature in all this business from one end of it
to the other. Here are a parcel of States who
have no negro population, and they are ex-
ceedingly anxious that the people who have
them should let them vote. What is that their
business? We have never known that they
invited them that they might get. votes. The
negro is now as free to go to Massachusetts or
to any State where he is allowed to vote as ho
is to stay in Pennsylvania or anywhere else.
If he insists upon this privilege, he lias the
same right to go after it that I have, or any
other man has, and he can go and get it. If I
do not like the laws of Pennsylvania and they
do not suit me, and I have not power and in-
fluence enough in the State to mold them to
suit my particular desire. I can go to another
State and anotheruntil I suit myself. But why
people who are not interested in this thing, who
have everything to gain and nothing to lose by
it. can expect to maintain the Union by insist-
ing upon propositions of this kind I confess is
more than I can see.
This is not common justice in a common, or-
dinary transaction ; and I do not know whether
it would be considered fair even in a horse
trade. The advantage is all on one side. It
is like the Indian and the white man dividing
the possum and the turkey. The white man
said to the Indian, '■ Nowvou take the possum
and I take the turkey, or if you do not like
that. I will take the turkey and you take the pos-
sum." [Laughter.]" Why," said the Indian,
