8048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 19,
carte to me to represent them ia a suit in ref-
erence to the internal revenue. They made it
worth my while} that is, I suppose, paying my
expenses, [Laughter.} I did so and defeated
the Government, by which it is compelled to
refund some six or seven thousand dollars. I
owe an apology to the country for having done
justice to these parties.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. That is
a matter about which I have no concern.
Mr. SHELLABARGER demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 4, not voting
82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, Banks, Baxter, Bidwell, Bingham,
Bout well, Boyer, Broomall, Buekland, Bundy ,Rea der
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Davis, Dawson, De-
frees, Delano, Deming. Donnelly, Eckley, JEggleston,
Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hart,
Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell. Hul-
burd, Humphrey, Jenckes, Julian. Kasson, Kelley,
Ketcham, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Marston, McClurg,
McKee, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Morris. Myers, Newell, O'Neill,Orth, Paine,Per-
ham, Pike, Plants, Pricc, Radford, William H. Ran-
dall. Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Shcllabarger, Stevens, Strouse, Ta-
ber. Taylor, John L. Thomas, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Bobert T. Van Horn, Ward, Warner,
Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wei
ker, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen E. Wil-
son, Windom, and Woodbridgc—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Bromwctl, Ross, Thornton, and
W entworth—4.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ancona, James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Benjamin,
Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Chanier, Conk-
ling, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Dawes, Deni-
son, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Dnmont, Eldridge, Farns-
woi-th, Earquhar, Einek, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,
Grider, Grinnell, Griswold. Aaron Harding. Harris,
Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Hogan. Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard. Edwin N. Hubbell. Inger-
soil. Johnson, Jones, Kelso, Kerr, Iiuykendall, La-
tham, Le Blond, L>neh, Marshall, Marvin, Mc-
Cullough, Mclndoe, Mouiton, Niblack, Nicholson,
Nocil, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Rittcr, Rogers. Rousseau, Sehenek, Scofield,
Shankhn, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr,
StilwelJ. Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Up-
son. Elihu B. Washburne, Whaley, Winfield, and
Wright—82.
So the resolutions were adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WENTWORTH said: While I concur in
so mueli of Ae report as relates to the gentle-
man from New York, in other respects I can-
not concur in it for the reasons I have stated,
and I therefore vote !' no."
The vote having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. SHELLABARGER moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolutions were passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I offer the following resolution and de-
mand the previous question upon it:
Wh erens on the 30th of April a letter purport] ng to
be written by General Fry was read in this House,
together with sundry documents accompanying it,
which letter was grossly libelous and reflected upon
the public and private character of a member; and
whereas the House having ordered an inquiry as to
said letter and its truth or falsity; and whereas for
that purpose a select committee was raised, which
committee has ascertained and reported said letter
to have been false and malicious: Therefore,
llcfihed, That the Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire and report whether any breach
of the privileges of the House not sufficiently reported
upon bysaidselectcommitteehas been committed in
connection with writing or sending said letter, the
documents accompanying the same, or the introduc-
tion thereof into the House, or causing the same to
be read in the House, or entered upon the record of
the House, or making the same public, and if so, by
whom, and what action, if any, should be taken; and
that said committee also inquire and report whether
said libel has been republished or renewed by the
said General Fry or any other person since lite ter-
mination of the session of said committee, and if so,
by whom, and whether any and what action ought to
be had thereon; and that said committee have power
to scad for persona and x>apers.
The SPEA K EU. The gentleman claims this
to be a question of privilege. The Chair will
submit to the House whether it is a question
of privilege.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest that the
gentleman modify it so as to refer the'subject
to the same committee that has had this mat-
ter under consideration heretofore. I see no
necessity for taking it out of the jurisdiction of
that committee and referring it to another. I
am satisfied that the House has entire confi-
dence in the ability and integrity of that com-
mittee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is this debatable?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is
scarcely debatable. It is a question which
must be decided by the House exactly as the
Chair decides a question of privilege, upon the
presentation of the resolution itself.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to say that I have
no objection to this going to the special com-
mittee, though I preferred it should go to the
Judiciary Committee. I am entirely willing to
modify it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I withdraw any objec-
tion.
Mr. PIKE. My colleague, I know, would
not object to the fullest investigation.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I did not hear
the resolution read, but I understand it to re-
late to the question whether in the conduct of
the gentleman from Maine there was anything
that constituted a breach of the rules or priv-
ileges of the House. Now, that is a question
for the Committee on Rules, and I beg that
the resolution may take that direction, for no
member of the select committee, that I am
aware of, professes to be familiar with the
rules of this body.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire not to reflect upon
the character of any member whatever. I have
not introduced the resolution from any per-
sonal feeling toward any member of the House.
But I desire to know what constitutes and what
does not constitute a breach of the privileges
of the House.
Mr. RADFORD. I object to further debate.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow a
statement to be made ?
Mr. RADFORD. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The only subject to be
referred to the Committee on Rules is a prop-
osition to amend the rules.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I will insist upon the
previous motion to refer it to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit to
the House whether this is a question of priv-
ilege.
The question being taken, it, was decided in
the negative—ayes 24, noes 71.
. MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
concurred in the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the resolution of the House providing
for the appointment of a joint committee on
retrenchment.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (S.
No. 428) for the relief of the sufferers by the
late fire in Portland, Maine, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Washbcp.5", of Massachu-
setts, after to-morrow.
Mr. SPALDING. I demand the regular
order of business.
ADMISSION OF TENNESSEE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which House joint res-
olution No. 83, concerning the State of Ten-
nessee, was recommitted to the committee on
reconstruction.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Retolmd hy fhr andHnutr of Ttrprevntativf*
of the United States of America in CmiareK* aw>/nUe<ft |
That whereas the people of Tennessee have made
known to the Congress of the United State.1, their
desire that the constitutional relations heretofore
existing between them and the United States may
be fully established, and did, on the 22d day of Feb-
ruary, by a large popular vote, adopt and ratify
aeonstitutionofgovernment, republican in form and
not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws of
the United States, and a State government has been
organised under the provisions thereof, which said
provisions, and the laws passed m pursuance thereof,
proelaimand denote loyalty to the Union; andwhere-
as the people of Tennessee are found to be in a con-
dition to exercise the functions of a Statewithin this
Union, and can* only exercise the same by the con-
sent of the law-making power of the United States:
Therefore, the State or Tennessee is hereby declared
to be one of the United States of America, on an
equal footing with the other States, upon the ex-
press condition that' the people of Tennessee will
maintain and enforce, in good faith, their existing
constitutions and laws, excluding those who have
been engaged in rebellion against the United States
from the oxereise of the elective franchise, for the
respective periods of time therein provided for, and
shall exclude the same persons for the like respective
periods of time from eligibility to office; and the
State of Tennessee shall never assume or pay any
debt or obligation contracted or incurred in aid of
the late rebellion; nor shall said State ever, in any
manner, claim from the United States or make any
allowance or compensation for slaves emancipated
or liberated in any way whatever: which conditions
shall be ratified by the Legislature of Tennessee, or
the people thereof, as the Legislature may direct,
before this act shall take effect.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LYNCH moved that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. ECKLEY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 59, nays 69, not voting
54: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baker, Banks,
Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Eliot, Garfield. Aaron
Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Higby, Holmes,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W.Hubbard, Humphrey, Infrer-
soll, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Koontz, Loan, Me-
Clurg, McRuer, Mercur, Morrill, Mouiton, O'Neill,
Paine, Perharn, Plants, Price, John H. Rice, Ritter,
Sawyer, Scbenck, Seofield, Shanklin, Shellabarger,
Stevens, Strouse, Taylor, Trowbridge, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Ward. Welker, Wentworth, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen!?. Wilson, and Win-
dom—5t>.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Bing-
ham, Boyer, Buekland, Reader W. Clarke,Conkling,
Davis,Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Don-
nelly, Eckley. Eggleston, Eldridge, Farauhar, Ferry,
Finek, Hale, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hnlburd, Johnson, Kerr,
Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Le Blond, Longyear,
Marston, McKee, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Myers,
Newell, Nicholson, Noeli, Orth, Phelps, Pike, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, William H.Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau,
Sitgreaves.Spakling/faber, Thayer, John L. Thomas,
Thornton. Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner,
Henry I). Washburn. AViliiamB. Washburn, Whaley,
and Woodbridge—lit).
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Bergen, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee, Bundy, Chanier, Cook, Cullom, Culver,
Darling, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Dumont,
Farnswortb, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Grin-
nell, Griswold, Harris, Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Ho-
gan, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones,
Kasson, Kelso, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, MeCuI-
lough, Mclndoe, Niblack, Patterson, Pomeroy, Rog-
ers, Sloan, Smith,Starr, Stilwell, Francis Thomas Up-
son, Elihu B. Washburne, Winfield, and Wright—14.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on laying the
motion to reconsider on the table; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 31, nays 92, not
voting 59; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allison, Benjamin, Bontwell,
Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Eiiot, Abner C.
Harding, Hart, Higby, Hotchkiss, Ingersoll, Jenckes,
Kelley, Loan, Lynch, MeClurg, Mercur, Morrill,
Mouiton, Paine, Perham, Price, Sailer. Sch'm^k,
Stevens, Trowbridge, Ward, Wentworth, Williams,
and James F. Wilson—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Baker, Banks, Maxtor, Bingham, lioycr,
Buekland, Reader W. Clarke, Conkling, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Defrecs, Delano, Dcnmig, Donnelly,
Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridge, Faivjuhar, iriry, Finefc,
Garfield, Hale, Holmes. Hooper, Asiihel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard. John H. ilubbaid, James R.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Johnson, Julian,
Kerr, Kctcham, Koontz, Lallin, Latham, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Longrvcar, Marston,
McKee, McRuer, Miller, Moorhead, Morris. Myers,
Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, Nocll, O'Neill, Orth,
Phelps, Pike, Radford, Samuel J. Randall. William
H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H, Itioe, John
II. Rice, Hitter, Rollins, Uos.s, Rousseau, Seofield,
Shank 1 in, Sliollit barker, Sitjgrouv-cs.SpaMing, Si rouse,
Tuber, Taylor, Thayer, J"hn L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, Viin Aernam, Robert 1'- Van Horn. War-
ner, Henry I>. Wanhburn. William B. Washburn,
Welker, Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbridgc—-1*2,
NOT VOI'ING—Meejrs, Ancona, Jaa e« M. Ashley,
