THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
"you have not said turkey to me.once;" and
that is the way with this constitutional amend-
ment. The States that have no negroes are to
shear the States that have negroes of the polit-
ical power they have according to the funda-
mental law, according to the ancient bargain
made, and according to which the Union ex-
ists, and which is in factitself the Union; that
bargain which is bathed in the blood of two
hundred thousand American soldiers, for which
we have sacrificed six or eight thousand .mil-
lion dollars j that bargain now is to be amended
in its essentials, and to be amended for the ben-
efit of one section of the Union who have every-
thing to gain by it and nothing to lose, and to
the prejudice of the residue.
Mr. President, will the man who knows the
value of this Union to these States, the man
who loves it, who reveres it, and who believes
that it will make his country the greatest re-
public on earth — will he be guilty of unfair-
ness? And, sir, what is worse about it all,
those States which are to suffer most, and the
States within which it is to operate most hardly,
are not hoard; they are not allowed to come
upon this floor and argue their case although
this is a free country with a representative form
of government, and, as I supposed, a republican
form.
Mr. President, I consider t his attempt as dan-
gerous to the peace of the Union as the origi-
nal doctrine of secession. Do gentlemen sup-
pose that the people of the States affected will
submit to this? Let me remind gentlemen of
another thing. The Republican party existed
over half the Union. It existed as a party
north of Mason and Dixon's line. It was a
• minority party. When Mr. Lincoln was elected
in 18G0 there was a majority on the popular
vote of more than nine hundred and thirty
thousand agaii^t him. lie was elected under
tin" forms of the Constitution, and was really
and lawfully the President of'the United States;
but under the workings of the Constitution it
did so happen that there was that majority
against him. In tlio States north of Mason
and Dixon's ,line the majority for Mr. Lin-
coln, at the last presidential election, was
about four hundred thousand, 1 believe. At
any rate, nobody can deny but that very nearly
one half of the people of the North belong to
the Democratic party. There, too, I suppose,
you may consider that the people of the South
now belong, because your destinies arc in their
hands. Tliey will inevitably sit in judgment
upon you here in this Chamber. They will
mole out to yon, if you are not careful, the
same measure you try to mete out. to them.
Now, 1 warn my fellow-Senators that we can-
not afford this with this form of government
of ours. Hail we not bettor stand upon the
Constitution as it is, where our fathers put it,
that Constitution which we enforced at such
cost? Think of partners after a difficulty, one
partner trying to compel, and to compel under
threats, the_insertion of a new clause into the
original articles of partnership. But can we
compel it.; and if wo cannot compel it., what
then? You know what it cost us to compel
obedience to the Constitution as it is. You
cannot compel obedience to the Constitution
as it is not. You could compel obedience to
a Constitution that was the law of the land,
but you cannot compel obedience to a Consti-
tution that is not the law of the land.
Mr. President, 1 am for dealing fairly. In the
first, place, as 1 have said before on this floor,
1 trust the American people everywhere. Why?
I trust them because they are the foundation
upon which this structure is built; and to say
that, they are to be punished into the proper
shape or driven into the proper shape is to say
that the whole rests upon a quicksand, rests
upon a foundation which is distrusted, which
begins to show cracks in the walls already if
these things be true. I trust the people. I
trust the people North. I trust the people
South. _I trust the people of all parties. Why
not;1 Vv hy is it that the South will sustain the
Union now ? Because it is her interest to sus-
tain it. Why is it that, wo sustain it? Is it
because we arrogate to ourselves superior vir-
tue? Has the grace of God been more liber-
ally bestowed upon us than on our brethren ?
Is that the pretense? We may be wiser, but
surely I think nobody can say of the people
or any part of the people that we are more
honest.
Trusting the people, then, the people must
be trusted everywhere, and what we do espe-
cially must be fair. It is a characteristic of
our race, and one which has marked it for long
ages, that there must be fair play. No man of
our race will interfere even in his brother's
quarrel in a fair contest. We must play fair.
What have we been playing for? Wo have been
playing for the Union and for the Constitution.
What is the attempt now after we have won?
It is to say that we will have neither except
upon terms. Terms with whom? Terms with
the very men we have been struggling with for
years in order to compel them to assent to our
terms—the Constitution and the Union. .
I say again that we must be fair; we must
allow to the States the rights which they re-
served to themselves when they made this com-
pact, and especially must we allow to them the
essential rights, the rights that underlie the
whole fabric, that are the basis of the whole
structure, the first of which is the right to reg-
ulate their own domestic concerns. Have wo
forgotten our own platform? Let gentlemen
who talk about party fidelity recur to the plat-
form of Chicago in 18G0; recur, if you please,
to your Baltimore platform of 18G4; and then
you will see who are faithful to the original
doctrines of the party and who are not. Shall
we undertake now to say that we will regulate
the ballot all over the United States, remodel
the whole affair, redistribute the political power,
and we do this right ill the face of our own law ?
Who passed the act of the 4th of March, 18G2?
Who voted for it in this Chamberand in the other?
Nobody gainsaid it; nobody thought of gainsay-
ing it. And yet that law in ftTree to-day is vio-
lated, trampled under foot and disregarded. By
whom ? By us. Wo who fought for the Constitu-
tion and for the law; we who proclaimed our-
selves those who would see it, enforced at all
hazards violate it; we, in the face of our own law,
to-day refuse to hear the people we are legislat-
ing for upon our floors. That law gives to the
southern States, eleven of them, I believe fifty-
eight members, and they have not one, and
you have not the poor apology that is stuck
into this amendment to the Constitution here,
that these members engaged in rebellion, be-
cause the fact, is that, a great many of them did
not; a great many of them engaged to suppress
it; some of them shed their blood in that at-
tempt,, and some of them struggled through all
manner of difficulties to be true and faith-
ful, and yet, they are excluded; they are not
allowed to say a word here for their fellow-
citizens. And this is fair! This is the way to
deal with a partner! This the way to deal with
men with whom you expect to live in peace
and unity coming centuries! What is it all
about? Where is the difficulty about it? Are
they stronger than you ? Are you afraid in the
other House, with one hundred andeighty-three
members now, that you cannot manage fifty-
eight? Are we afraid licre with fifty Senators
that we cannot manage twenty-two ?
Mr. President, the disguise which covers
this proposition is too transparent. As I said
before, the Republican part}' was a minority
party. 1 ts policy immediately upon attaining
to power was to make itself a national party ;
was to throw out its lines and set its stakes in
every quarter of the Union. Let it penetrate
every hamlet from Maine to Georgia, from
North Carolina to California. Let, a network
of both parties ramify everywhere, spread over
the country, and then you may have a Union :
and I may remark that the binding efficacy,'
the cement of the two parties interwoven like
a network over the whole country, will con-
tribute a hundred times more to keep it. to-
gether than any other dcvice, or even the Con-
stitution itself. When this was violated, what
was the consequence? When there ecased to
be two parties all over the country, all over
the length and breadth of it, what had you
then? Rebellion; and rebellion will follow it
inevitably, not only now, but in all time to
come. Strike a line north of Pennsylvania and
elect a President against the will of everybody
north of the north line of Pennsylvania ; or,
in other words, go into an election and beat
every man north of that line, and a rebellion
is inevitable. You have the same difficulty
then that we encountered in 18G0. The elec-
tion of Mr. Lincoln beat every man south of
Mason and Dixon's lino, or very nearly so.
All parties and all factions were opposed to
him. All had pledged themselves against him,
and after the campaign waxed' hot and the
blood boiled, they had pledged themselves to
resist; they were bound before the crisis came,
and how could they prevent it? Thousands no
doubt regretted it, but their lips were sealed.
Thousands were unwilling to act, but still, un-
der the influence of this mortification, they did
act. It is a mortification, you observe, that
reaches everybody; it reaches men, women,
and children; it goes •everywhere, and how-
ever trifling it may appear to a wise man and
a cool man, yet it affects the people, and affects
them in a most tender and vital point, and thoy
resent it. They did resent it. I say again,
that if under the same circumstances a candi-
date was to be elected who would beat all New-
England and New -York, they would not sub-
mit, in my judgment.
Then I say it was the business of the Repub-
lican party to extend itself upon some com-
mon platform, not the platform of fairness
exactly in the distribution of political power,
because the Constitution was not based upon
fairness in_ that respect. There was nothing  
fair in the provision that Rhode Island and
Delaware should each have two Senators, and
Pennsylvania and New York each only two.
It was not built upon the principle of equality
originally. Still wo ought to stand upon it
and maintain it; and in order to do that there
should have been no going away from the
original doctrine. We should have stood upon
it and strictly and literally enforced it, and we
should have had a right to enforce it, and could
have enforced it in the face of the civilized
world and had the civilized world with us.
But that opportunity was neglected; the Re-
publican party did not do that; and then it was
driven to the miserable shift of either taking,
to itself as allies the negroes of the South, or
what? Depriving the South of the political
power which she enjoyed by virtue of the
negroes. Do you think the world does not
understand this ? Do you think the people do
not understand why this is? Do you think
you can delude the people with the idea that
this is lipncst on our part; that it is fair on
our part, and that that is what we really mean?
I tell gentlemen that if they think so they are
mistaken. The people understand this ex-
actly. Do you believe the people want, the
mass of the Republican party want, such allies
as those in the South? Do you believe they
want to rely upon the aid they can get from
negro suffrage in'the South to hold the balance
of power in this Republic? Go to Pennsyl-
vania, go to Illinois, and ask them. When
Pennsylvania, with her hundred thousand ne-
groes, refuses them suffrage, why is it? And
if she.refuses to allow you to intermeddle with
it, why is it? Do you pretend that you are '
improving the suffrage, do you pretend that
you are making the institutions of the country
more secure when you insist upon this? Who
does so in the face of the civilized world? Are
you bringing into the councils of the country
more wisdom, more independence, more vir-
tue? Nobody pretends it. Do you allow
negroes to vote yourselves? You allow it
partially in New York—a kind of emasculated
suffrage there; you allow it partially in Mas-
sachusetts; absolutely nowhere; and yet you
stand hern and crack your whip over the head
of the southern States who have millions of
negroes in them, and yon say they must lot
theirs vote when you will not let yours.
