THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
yield, the floor for a Mometifc to enable him to
state why both Tennessee and Virginia have
teen excluded from the list he has made.
The CLERK. With the consent of the gen-
tleman I will state that if it be the desire of the
House to have my reasons, I will give them; but
I have not felt justified or railed upon to give
any reasons; I have acted in accordance with
my views of duty, and I am willing to let the
record stand.
:Mr. STEVENS. It ia not necessary. Wc
know all. ■ '
Mr. WENTWORTH. I call for the question.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New York
is upon the floor.
Mr. BROOKS. I know that it is known to
all in one- quarter, but that it is not known to
many in other quarters in this House, why this
exclusion has been made. The State of Louisi-
ana was here upon the floor of the House last
year, by the admission of gentlemen from that
State. * The record is in the Congressional Globe;
and now Louisianais excluded.' A Republican
House, a Republican majority, permitted two
members from Louisiana upon the floor of this
House to vote for its Spea,ker; and now the
Clerk of the House assumes the responsibility
of excluding the State of Louisiana. Why this
subversion of all precedents, as well as this over-
throw of all law? Why did the Republican ma-
jority in the last Congress permit Louisiana to
be represented and to vote for Speaker, and this
year exclude Louisiana from the roll of the
Clerk? Why this inconsistency of action, as
well as this absurdity? We know all, says the
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, and
the House is to be content with the declaration
of the gentleman, "We know all!"
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from. New York will understand that
the Clerk of the last House of Representatives
put the names of those two gentlemen from
Louisiana upon the roll, and they did, in fact,
vote for Speaker; but, afterward the House
refused to permit them to be sworn in as mem-
bers.
Mr. BROOKS. Not until after the organ-
ization of the House—not until after the
Speaker was chosen.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They were
never members of the House.
Mr. BROOKS. But they voted for Speaker
of the House, and were permitted here, as the
record shows, to vote for Speaker, though the
point was first made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and then with-
drawn.
We know all the reasons, says the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and we do not want to hear
them recited. Why, this is not parliamentary
propriety, if it is even decency. 1 should know
but little if I had not the rccord before me of
the resolution adopted by the Republican ma-
jority of this House, thatTennessee, Louisiana,
and Virginia were to be excluded, and ex-
cluded without debate. Why without debate ?
Are gentlemen afraid to face debate? Are
their reasons of such a character that they dare
not present them to the country, and have to
resort to the extraordinary stop of side-way
legislation in a private caucus to enact a joint
resolution to be forced upon this House with-
out debate, confessing that there are no rea-
sons whatever to support this position except
their absolute power and authority and control
over this House?
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
It has once been held by this House that until
the House is organized no question is in order
except to proceed to the election of a Speaker,
or to adjourn. _ I call the gentleman to order.
The CLERK. The question pending is a
motion, to proceed to the election of Speaker,
which is a debatable proposition, 011 which the
gentleman from New York is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BROOKS. And I am debating that
(juestion, I trust gentlemen will not bo so
impatient, even if there is debate. Let us
hear. ' Strike, but hear!1'
>■ - Sir, that resolution shows why the Clerk of
this House has taken the step that he has taken,
and why all this action is to lie carried on with-
out any debate whatever. In the whole history
of this country, throughout the revolutionary
period of the last four years, there is no record
whatever of violence like this upon the minority
of this House or upon a large portion of our
common country in the exclusion of fifty-odd
members from the floor of this House, and
without debate.
If the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who
lias interrupted me, would but inform me at
what perio'd he intends to press this resolution
of which he is to be the organ, I would be happy
to be informed by him.
Mr. STEVENS. T have no objection to
answer the gentleman. I propose to press it at
the proper time. [Laughter and applause.]
Mr. BROOKS. Talleyrand, the great diplo-
matist, said that language was given to man, to
conceal ideas; and we all know the gentle-
man's ingenuity in the use of language.
The proper time! When will that be? Why,
as soon as tho Speaker is in his seat, and the
rules of order can be enforced. Tho proper
time is in anticipation of the message of the
President of the United States, to throw himself
into collision with such forthcoming message.
That is the proper time for an effort to silence
the Executive of this country, and to nullify the
exposition which he may make to this House,
and the recommendations he may submit to the
Congress of the United States. That is the
proper time, and 110 other is the proper time.
The resolution is introduced for that express
period of time, and is to be pressed at that exact
moment, to go before the country as the senti-
ment of the House, as a quasi condemnation of
the action of the President of tho United States.
Sir, I am not his vindicator, supporter, or de-
fender, except upon tho record he presents a
course of principles consistent with my own ;
an d so far, I am. But I say that in the whole
history of this country, in a crisis like this, 110
effort was ever made like this in a private cau-
cus to pass a joint resolution condemnatory of
the forthcoming message of the President of tho
United States.
"I do not choose longer to occupy tho attention
of the House, but before I sit down I propose
to move, as an amendment, that the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Mayjtaed,] be
allowed to present the credentials of tho mem-
bers from Tennessee, and that their names be
put upon the roll.
Mr. STEVENS. .1 make tho point of order
that that amendment is not in order, not being
germane to tho original motion.
The CLERK. The Clerk considers that a
good point of order, and rules out the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to listen to me for a m oment.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield to any gen-
tleman who does not belong to this body—who
is an outsider.
Mr. BROOKS. I have not yielded the floor.
- Tho. GIi ERK. The gentleman from New
York is still upon the floor.
Mr. J OHNiSON. I appeal to tho gentleman
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 will yield to the gentleman
for a few moments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to the floor
being yielded. !
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask permission for but i
a moment. i
The CLERK. There is objection to the gen- I
tleman from New York [Mr. Bbooks] yield- ,
ing the floor for any purpose except for tho 1
purpose of exjilanation.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know for what pur-
pose the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Johnson] desires me to yield the floor.
^Tim CLERK. Tho gentleman from Now
lork is bound to know for what purpose he
yields the lloor.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is the Clerk in position ;
to know for what purpose  j
Mr. FABNSWORTII. I object to ihe gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. BiiookkJ yielding
the floor, unless he yields it unconditionally.
Mr. BROOKS. I think 1 have the right,
under parliamentary rules, to yield the floor
for explanation.
The CLERK. Inasmuch as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Johnson] has not
been involved in the debate, the presumption
is that it is not for purposes of explanation he
desires the lloor; and, under the rules, it is not
in order for a member to yield the floor for any
other purpose, when objection is made.
Mr. BROOKS. I will ask if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Johnson] desires the
floor for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not for personal explana-
tion precisely, but I do desire the floor fur an
explanation.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand the Clerk to
rule that the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. JonNSON'/has not the right to an
explanation.
The CLERK. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] has the right to yieid tho
floor to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Johnson] for the purpose of jiersonul explana-
tion only, objection having been made to the
yielding the lloor for any other purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman cannot
have anything to explain. As he has not spoken
there is nothing to explain, nothing to patch up.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 do not see the relevancy
of that l'cmaik. I desire to know, Mr. Clerk,
first, whether I can yield tho floor temporarily to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. John-
son] for the purpose of explanation; or second,
whether I can yield the remaining portion of
my time to him.
The CLERK. Under the rules of the House
tho gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
cannot yield the remaining portion of his time
to any member if objectionis made to his doing
so; nor can he yield to any other member, ex-
cept for purposes of personal explanation in
relation to tho pending proposition. Tho gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Johnson,] as
I understand, has stated that he did not rise for
the purpose of explanation. Hence by his own
statement he is precluded from taking the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 do not desire the lloor
for the purpose of personal explanation, but I
desire to ask an explanation of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
The CLERK. The gentleman has no right
to ask tho floor for any such purpose if objec-
tion is made. Objection has been made, and
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Bkooks]
has the floor upon the pending question.
, Mr. BROOKS. I will yield"the floor uncon-
ditionally for the purpose of order and decorum.
After the decision of the Clerk, and with ont
acquiescing in its pailiamentary propriety or
justice, I can only lament that a precedent like
this should be established for future or-ani/ia-
tions of the House, when some other majority
may have the control.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a quest ion of order.
I rise to propound a question to ihe Clerk.
Hie CLERK. Such a question is not a
question of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Clerk will hear me
through. It is in relation to making up the
roll, which, being necessary to the proper or-
ganization of the House, is and nmstbe in order.
The CLERK. The question +lie gusileman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Johnson] indicates has
110 relation to the pending proposition, which
is the motion of the member from Peniisyh ania
[Mr. Stevens] to proceed to the election of
Speaker, and upon that motion the previous
question has been called.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 rise, then, to a further
question. I propose to submit a motion which
1 maintain takes precedence of the motion of
my colleague, [Mr. Sti;vexs.J
Tho CLERK. The gemleman will indicate
his motion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Clerk of
