1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
the House be directed to place upon the roll
the names of the gentlemen holding credentials
from the Governor of Tennessee as members-
elect of this House.
The CLERK. That motion is not in order,
the previous question having been demanded.
The demand for the previous question was
then seconded, and the main question ordered.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Stevens to proceed to the election of Speaker;
and it was agreed to.
The CLERK. IS' ominations are now in order
for the office of Speaker.
Mr. MORRILL nominated Mr. Schuyler
Colfax, of Indiana.
Mr. WINFIELD nominated Mr. James
Brooks, of New York.
The CLERK appointed to act as tellers,
Messrs. MokrilloI'Vermont, Dawson of Penn-
sylvania, Smith of Kentucky, and Finck of
Ohio.
The House proceeded to vote viva voce for
Speaker, with the following result, which was
announced by Mr. Mokiull 011 behalf of the
tellers:
Whole number of votes cast, 175; neeessary
to a choice, 88; of which—
Mr. Colfax received 139
Mr. Brooks 30
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. 6V/cu:—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Ames. James
M. Ashley, Bakdr, Baldwin. Banks, Barker, Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingnam, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwoll, Brandegee, Brorawell, Broomall,Buckland,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clark, Cobb, Conk-
ling, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes,
Delrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Dinnont, Ecklcy, Eggleslon, Eliot, Kurri.-wonii, Ear-
quhar, Ferry, Garfield. Grinnell, Griswold, Male, Ab-
ner C. Harding, Hart, Uayes, Henderson, iii-by, Ilil],
Holmes, Hooker, Hotctikiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard. DemasITubbard, John ii. Hub-
bard. James it. HubbeH, Hu'iburd, JaincsHumphrey,
Ingersoll, Jenckcs, Julian, Kasson, Kcllcy, Kelso,
ICctchum, Kuykendall, Latlin, Latham, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marston, Marvin, McClurg, Mclndoe, McKee,
MeRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, Newell, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy,
Price, "William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H.
Rice, John H.Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Sellcnck.Scoiield,
Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,
Stillwell, Thayer, John L. Thomas. Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, W arner, ElihuB. W ash burne, William B.
"Washburn, Weiker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams,
James P. Wilson, Stephen P. Wilson, Windorn, and
Woodbridge.
For Mr, iYoofcs—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer,
Clianler, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Emek, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Glider, Aaron Harding, Ilogan,
lidwm N. ILubbcll, James M. Humphrey, Johnson,
Kerr, Le Blond, Marshall, MeCullough, Niblack,
Nicholson, Radfoid, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Ro-
. g'ers, Ross, Shankliu.Sitfaxaves, Strouse, Tabor, Tay-
lor, Thornton, Trimble, Wmlield, ami Wiight.
The CLERK announced that Schuyler Col-
fax, one of the Representatives from the State
of Indiana, having received a majority of all
the votes given, was duly elected Speaker of
the House of Representatives for the Thirty-
Ninth Congress. [Applause.]
Whereupon, at the suggestion of the Clerk,
Mr. Morrill and Mr. Brooks conducted Mr.
Colfax to the chair, when he addressed the
House as follows:
Gentlemen of the House of Representatives:
The reassembling of Congress, marking, as it
does, the procession of our national history,
is always regarded with interest by the people
for whom it is to legislate. But it is not un-
safe to say that millions more than ever be-
fore, North, South, East, and West, are looking
to the Congress which opens: its session to-day,
with an earnestness and solicitude uneqnaled
on similar occasions h\the past. The Thirty-
Eighth Congress closed its constitutional exist-
ence with the storm-cloud of war still lower-
ing over us : and, after a nine months' absence,
Congress resumes its legislative authority in
these council halls, rejoicing that from shore to
shore in our land there is peace.
Its duties are as obvious as the sun's path-
way in the heavens. Representing, in its two
branches, the States and the people, its first
and highest obligation is to guaranty to every
.State a republican form of government. _ The
rebellion having overthrown constitutional
State governments in many States, it is yours
to mature and enact legislation which, with
the concurrence of the Executive, shall estab-
lish them anew* on such a basis of enduring
justice as will guaranty all necessary safe-
guards to the people, and afford, what our
Magna Charta, the Declaration of Independ-
ence, proclaims is the chief object of govern-
ment—protection to all men in their inalien-
able rights. [Applause.] The world should
witness, in this great work, the most inflexible
fidelity, the most earnest devotion, to the prin-
ciples of liberty and humanity, the truest pa-
triotism, and the wisest statesmanship.
Heroic men, by hundreds of thefusands,
have died that the Republic might live. The
emblems of mourning have darkened White
House and cabin alike. But the fires of civil
war have melted every fetter in the land, and
proved the funeral pyre of slavery. [Ap-
plause.] It is for you, Representatives, to do
your work as faithfully and as well as -did the
fearless saviors of the Union on their more
dangerous arena of duty. Then we may hope
to see the vacant and once abandoned seats
around us gradually filling up, until this Hall
shall contain Representatives from every State
and district; their hearts devoted to the Union
for which they are to legislate, jealous of its
honor, proud of its glory, watchful of its rights,
and hostile to its enemies. And the stars on
our banner, that paled when the States they
represented arrayed themselves in arms against
the nation, will oliine with a more brilliant light
of loyalty than ever before.
Invoking the guidance of Him who holds the
destiny of nations in the hollow of His hand, 1
enter again upon the duties of this trying posi-
tion, with a heart filled with gratitude to you
for the unusually flattering manner in which it
has been bestowed, and cheered by the hope
that it betokens your cordial support and as-
sistance in all its grave responsibilities.
I am now ready to take the oath of office
prescribed by law.
Mr. WASIIRURNE, of Illinois, having
served longest as a member of the House, was
designated by the Clerk to administer to the
Speaker-elect the oath prescribed by law; which
was done in the following form:
I, Schuyler Colfax, do solemnly swear that I have
never voluntarily borne amis against the United
States since I have beonaeitizen thereof; that! have
voluntarily given 110 aid, countenance, counsel, or
encouragement to persons engaged in armed hostility
thereto; that. I have neither sought lior accepted nor
attempted to exercise thefunetionsot any oflicewhat-
ever, under any authority or pretended authority in
hostility to the United States; that I havenotyielded
a voluntary support to any pretended government,
authority, power, or constitution within the Luited
States, hostile or inimical thereto. And I do further
sw ear that, to the best of my knowledge and ability,
1 will support and defend the Constitution ot theUni-
tcd States against all enemies, foreign and domcstie;
that T will hear truofaith and allegiancc to the same:
that 1 take this obligation freely, without any mental
reservation or purpose of cvaMon: aud that X will
well and faithfully discharge the duties of the ofliec
on which i am about to enter. So help me Cod.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to administer
to the Menibersand Delegates present the oath
proscribed by law.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Sir. Speaker, forthe
purpose of saving time in the organization of the
House, I oiler the following resolution:
licolrrd That the following-named persons arc
hereby declared to be pllicers of the House of Repre-
sentatives tor and duiing the Thiity-Nmth Congress,
and uniil their succc-^ors are didj Qualified: Edward
McPhcison. of the State of Pennsjlvania. Clerk; N.
G. Uidway, oi the State of New Hampshire, Sergeant-
at-Anns; Ira tioodenow, of the State of New iork.
Doorkeeper; and Josiah Given, of the State of Ohio,
Postmaster.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of introducing my reso-
lution.
Mi-. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. One
word.
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable. Does the gentleman from Iowa yield ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I decline to yield.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Some
of us desire to vote for candidates not named
in that resolution, and therefore I hope.that
the gentleman from Iowa will withdraw his res-
olution. If he does not. I will be compelledto
offer an amendment, so that we may go upon
the record in some way.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I decline to yield
for that purpose. • -
The question was taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the rules were suspended. _
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to offer an amendment to the resolution.,
Mr. WILSON. I do not yield for that pur-
pose, but call for the previous question: •.'
The previous question was seconded, find the
main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the resolution be laid upon the table. •
The motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 138, nays 85, not vot-,
ing 9 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
■Tames M.Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Bsuiter;
Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwoll, Brandegee, Bromwell, - Broomall, Buck-
land, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clark, Cobb,
Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Bekley, Egglcston, Eliot, Earns-
wovth, Earquhar, Perry. Garfield, Gtrinncll. Griswold,
Halo, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson,
Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W-.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas iiiibbard.J ohn
H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbcll, Hulburd, James
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kasson, Kcl-
lcy, Kelso, Ketchum, Kitykendall, Laflin, Latham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan. Long-
year, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, MeClurg, Melndoe*
McKee, McHucr, Mercur. Miller, Moorhcad, Morrill,
Morris, Moulton, Myers, Newel!, Nooll, O Nedl, Orth,'
Pnine.Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Pike,'Plants, Pom-
eroy, Price, William II. Randall, Raymond, Alexan^
der H. Rice, John IT. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek,
Scoficld, Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr,
Stevens, Stillwell, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trow-
bridge. Upson, Yan Aeiuam, Burt Yan Horn, Rob-
ert T. Van Horn, "Ward, Warner, Elihu B. WaSh-
burnc, William B. Washburn, Weiker, Wentworth,
Whaley, Williams, James P. Wilson, Stephen E.
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—138.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Chanler, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, 1'inek, Gloss-
brenncr, Goodyear, Glider, Aaron Harding, Hogan,
Edwin 5T. Hubbell, James M. Humphrey, Johnson,
Trimble, and Winlield—tx>.
NOT ;VOTINCc—Messrs. Delos li. Ashley. Baker,
Harris, Jones, Rousseau, Sitgrcaves, Francis Thomas,
Voorliees, and Wright—9.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the call of the roll,
A message was received from the Senate by
Joiix W. Eorn-ey, its Secretary, notifying the
House that a quorum of that body was present,
and ready to proceed to the public business.
Hon. Imiamar C. Sloan, not being present
when the members from his State were sworn
in, was, by unanimous consent, permitted dur-
ing roll-call to take the usual oath.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ?
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The Clerk, Sergeant-at-Arms, Doorkeeper,
aud Postmaster were qualified by taking the
usual oath of office.
rules op the house.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I send to
the Clerk's table a resolution, which I ask may
be adopted.
The Clerk read, as follows:
llesolved, That the rules of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Thirty-Eighth Congress shall ho the
rules of tho House of Representatives until otherwise
or^orcdt
Ifexolvcdfurther, That a committee of five, to con-
sist of the Speaker and four membcrsto bo named by
him, bo appointed, to whom shall be referred the
rules of the Ilonse, who shall be authorized to report
at tiny time such amendments on the revision of the
same that they may think proper.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand,
the previous question.
