1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2029
consisting of three battalions each, which are
to be converted into twenty-seven regiments,
thus providing for eighteen new colonels.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. These twenty-seven
battalions are to be increased by adding two
companies to each battalion, and there are to
be appointed, therefore, only the two captains
and the two lieutenants for these two new com-
panies of cach battalion.
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from Illinois
seems to suppose that these three-battalion
regiments already have a colonel for each bat-
talion. Now, in these nine three-battalion
regiments there are only nine colonels, and
this bill, by providing for changing each bat-
talion into a regiment by the addition of two
companies, making a regiment of ten com-
panies of each battalion, will provide eighteen
new colonelcies to be filled by appointment.
Those eighteen, with four for the new regi-
ments of cavalry that are to be composed of
white troops, will make at least twenty-two
colonelcies to be filled by appointment from
among persons other than those persons ill the
Veteran Reserve corps, or the colored regi-
ments.
But they are not all. There may be other
vacancies in the artillery regiments, in the old
regiments of cavalry, or in the colonelcies of
the nine three-battalion regiments; and if
there should be such vacancies, then any vol-
unteer officer will be eligible to appointment to
fill any such vacancy. There is no clause in
this bill, from beginning to end, which renders
a volunteer officer ineligible to any such position
in our artillery, cavalry or infantry regiments.
Now, I was inclined, as the gentleman trom
Illinois is inclined, to throw open these com-
missions in the colored regiments to wounded
officers and soldiers of volunteers and the reg-
ular Army, and to graduates of West Point.
And I voted for his proposition to that effect.
But this proposition seems to me to be the same
which he presented before and which the House
has already decided in the negative. And I
think it is hardly proper to call upon the.IIouse
again to pass upon the same proposition.
But there is one consideration which ought
not to be overlooked in this case : that is, that
the officers of the colored regiments are in-
cluded among the volunteers in the general
distribution of offices in the Army. That con-
sideration would be a reason in favor of the
proposition of the gentleman from Illinois, and
it, was the main reason which influenced my
vote in favor of the proposition he submitted
on yesterday. I admit its weight; audit' the
proposition should come up anew I should vote
for it, as I did this morning. But at the same
time, I cannot agree with the gentleman in
supposing that without his amendment these
volunteers would be cut off to the extent he
imagines. On the contrary, I think the provis-
ions of the bill are broader than he supposes.
I shall therefore vote against his amendment
now pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous
question upon the pending amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I trust my colleague will
ask the previous question only on the amend-
ment to the amendment; I would like to say a
word on the amendment.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. Before the previous
question is called, I would like to offer an
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I" withdraw the call for
the previous question.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I desire to move to
amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gabfield] by striking out the words
'•regimental commissary" wherever they oc-
cur. I believe that that office is unnecessary.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is the seventh section
which provides for this office ; and we have not
yet reached that section.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I desire to strike out
these words in this amendment; and when we
come to the seventh section I shall move to
amend that also.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will al-
low me to suggest that when we come to the
section referred to by the chairman of the com-
mittee, if the House should then decide to dis-
pense with this office altogether that will apply
to the whole bill, while if we adopt the gentle-
man's amendment now it will still not effect
the general purpose. The gentleman had bet-
ter wait till we reach the seventh section rather
than involve us now in a general discussion
whether we shall dispense with the office of
regimental commissary in the whole organiza-
tion of the Army.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. Well, then, I give
notice that when we reach the seventh section
I s^iall move to strike out the words ■'regi-
mental commissary'' wherever they occur.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Van AekxamJ will notpievail, because in the
first place I do not see the reasons why we
should dispense with the office' of regimental
commissary. But still it may be that when the
general discussion on that subject shall come
up, I may be led to take a different view from
that which I now hold. Hence, "without pro-
nouncing either for or against the proposition,
I hope the gentleman will not press the amend-
ment until we come to the section which treats
of the organization of a regiment.
While on the floor, I wish, if the gentleman
will allow me, to say a word with reference to
my amendment, in response to the remarks of
my colleague, [Mr. Schexck.] I do not Believe
that the amendment which I offer as a substi-
tute for the latter portion of this section will
embarrass at all the general provisions of the
bill. The whole manner of selecting these offi-
cers, so far as it is set forth in my amendment,
was borrowed bodily from one of the subse-
quent sections of the bill as it lies before me ;
and therefore it will not, if adopted, be a patch
or a blotch upon the bill.
As it is now proposed to have ten regiments
consolidated and known as tlie Veteran Reserve
corps, it seems to me that ve shall have trouble
in the future in continuing the organization of j
that corps. Is this corps to be kept up per- I
petuallyManifestly not; for the day will j
come, we trust, when we shall not have, among j
the population of this country, a sufficient
number of men wounded in military service
to supply the raks of this Veteran Reserve
corps. The time will therefore come when
young blood will be infused into the Army,
and when this Veteran Reserve corps will j
cease by the very inability to enlist men of the
class described. Now, why not let those 01
this class come in and be put in separate com-
panies if the Secretary of War so chooses, and
when they fail to come forward in sufficient
numbers to keep filled up the ten regiments
their places can be supplied without the neces-
sity for any new legislation? You will not
then have to tear down the structure of your
Army. It can move on under its present
organization, and without ajar.
But if you put into the Army this Veteran
Reserve corps by name—if you have a specific,
definite, well-defined body of men known as
the Veteran Reserve corps—you will be obliged
some day to reform your legislation, and re-
model your Army, simply because of this pro^
vision for the Veteran Reserve corps as a per-
manent branch of the Army. I desire that we
shall organize our Army in such a way that
it can be maintained permanently without the
necessity hereafter of new legislation, when it
shall be no longer practicable to preserve a
Veteran Reserve corps.
Besides, sir, who knows that we want just
ten regiments of this sort consolidated in one
body ? A company of these disabled soldiers
may be required, for instance, at Milwaukee
or at Sault Ste. Marie. A company, or two
companies, may be required here or there
along the northern border, along the Atlantic
sea-board, on the Gulf, or on the Mexican front-
ier; and sometimes a regiment or half a regi-
ment of able-bodied troops maybe required in
conjunction with one or two companies that
may not be classed as able-bodied. Therefore,
let the Secretary of War have discretion, jf
you please, for one regimentof disabled heroes,
for one company of these disabled **ien in a
regiment, and nine companies of able sound
men. Let us not compel him to have a whole
regiment made up entirely of only that class
of persons. Let him distribute them through
the Army as the best interests of the service
may demand.
• Now. it is proposed by this bill he shall have
these ten regiments known by a special name
and collected in a special body. I think it
will work evil to the Army, and it will cer-
tainly be inharmonious. I am thoroughly per-
suaded if the amendment I have offered be
adopted, with a few amendments, not in the
spirit, not in the structure, but only in the
incidental form, we will make it a more accept-
able and desirable bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not think when I
yielded that it was for the purpose of again
going over the whole discussion of the amend-
ment. I will say now to my colleague, that in
reference to his own amendment, lie himself
admits these troops are to be kept separate.
There is to be one company of them in each
regiment. Those companies will be mixed up
with companies of men of another class, and
the officers commanding the companies with
officers of another class of troops.
His objection is to their being called the
Veteran Reserve corps. If they arc not called
the Veteran Reserve corps, separated as he
proposes, perhaps they will get a name which
may be worse. I think the name of Veteran
Reserve corps is a good one. It is significant
and honorable and descriptive of that which
they have done, and indicating what they have
earned. I suppose by wiping out the idea of
a Veteran Reserve corps, and having one of
these companies to a regiment, the gentleman
thinks he has accomplished everything. It may
be we will then hear of the cripple companies
or the regiment of cripples or of " condemned
Yankees," as the rebels speak of them, orsoinc
other nickname. I protest against that. If we
are going to have a Veteran Reserve corps, and
it seems to me the House so moved on this
question yesterday by a vote of HO to 30, let us
meet the question. If we are not going to have
it, let us not take it in fact and yet shi ink from
giving it its name, hut have it nicknamed in
some other way.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. 1 move to strike out
the words '"regimental commissary'' wherever
they occur in the amendment or in the bill.
I do this because I believe neither economy
nor justice demand the creation of this office.
By reference to the Army Register, I see only
six regimental commissaries in the old organ-
ization. They are attached to cavalry regi-
ments, and to cavalry regiments alone. If the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio should
prevail, or the bill should pass, it would create
seventy-one officers whose pay would not be
less than S200 per month. During the rebel-
lion the same duties were discharged by com-
missary sergeants at twenty-one dollars per
mouth, and I do not see why they should not
continue to be so discharged.
Mr. SCHENCK. All I have to say is, that
while I have doubted the necessity of having
these two offices, concurrent military authority,
and Especially of the heads #f the commissary
and the quartermaster's depaitments, induced
the committee to adopt the separation. It was
so provided in the Senate bill as recommended
by the military commission. As it. is, one offi-
cer combines in his own person the qualities
of two distinct offices, having to account to two
distinct departments. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion on all the amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendments of Mr. Fabnworth ana
Mr Van Aeuxam were bgth rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Garfield s
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Ga fieij>
and ScHBSOK were appointed.
