H950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
Marston, McRuer,Miller, Moarhead, Morris, Myers,
Newell, Niblack, Nicholson* Noell, O'Neill, Orth,
Phelps, Pike, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond,
Alexander H. Rice, Rollins.Ross, Sitgrcaves, Spald-
ing, Strouse.Taber, Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner,
Henry I). Washburn, and Whaley—63. ^
NOP VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Aneoua, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Beaman, Benja-
min, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow, Brandt-gee,
Broomweli, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Conkfing, Cook, Cullorn, Culver, Darling, Dawes,
Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Dumont, Garfield, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale,
Harris, Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Dcmas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hnbbell, Humphrey, Ingersoll. John-
son, Jones, Julian, Kasson, Kelso, Kuykendall,
Longyear, Marshall, Marvin, McCuXlough, Mclndoe,
McKee, Paine, Patterson, Plants, Pomeroy, William
H. Randall, Rogers, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stihvell, John L. Thomas, Upson, Ward,
Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Stephen
P. Wilson, "Windom, Winfield, and Wright—76.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on the motion
to reconsider.
The House divided; and there were—ayes *70,
noes 27.
So the House reconsidered the vote by which
the joint resolution was recommitted to the
committee on reconstruction.
The question then recurred on tlie motion
to recommit.
Mr. BINGHAM withdrew the motion to re-
commit, and moved the following substitute
for the joint resolution, on which he demanded
the previous question:
Joint resolution declaring Tennessee again entitled
to Senators and Representatives in Congress.
Whereas the State of Tennessee has in good faith
ratified the article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, proposed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress to the Legislatures of the several States,
and has shown otherwise, to the satisfaction of Con-
gress, by a proper spirit of obedience in the body of
her people, her return to her due allegiance to the
Government, laws, and authority> of the United
States: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and Houseof Representa-
tives of the United Stale? of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the State of Tennessee is hereby declared
toberestoredtoherformer.proper. practical relation
to the Union, and a-gain entitled to be represented
by Seitators and Representatives in Congress, duly
electedapd qualified, upon their taking the oathsof
office required by existing laws.
And then, on motion of Mr. JENCKES, (at
fifty-five minutes past five o'clock p. m.?) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petition3, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. PER1IAM: The petition of soldiers of the
war of 1812, asking for pension without regard to
time of service,
By Mr. HOTCHICISS: The petition of Jonathan
Smoke, to be placed on the pension-roll. .
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 20.18c6.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, andbyunani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of
Jacob T. Smith, who served in the corps of
sappers and miners, under the command of
Lieutenant G. W. Smith, in the war with Mex-
ico, praying for an increase of pension : which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of
the Citizens'Association of New York, remon-
strating against the provisions of the internal
revenue law which permit city railroad com-
panies to add one cent to their rate, or to issue
tickets covering the exact amount of the tax ;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mi-. COWAN presented the memorial of
Ward B. Burnett, late surveyor general of
Kansas and Nebraska, praying to be reim-
bursed for expenses incurred by him in a
journey to Washington city to repel certain
charges made against him in his official ca-
pacity ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL presented a memorial of the
butchers, provision dealers, and other stall-
holders of the Center market, in the city of
Washington, praying for a charter to empower
them in the form of a joint stock company to
erect new and suitable buildings in the place
of those now occupied as a market-house; which
was referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
military peace establishment.
Mr. WILSON submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the amend-
ment of the House of Kepresentatives to the
bill (S. No. 138) to increase and fix the mili-
tary peace establishment of the United States;
which was received informally and ordered to
be printed.
reports of committees.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No. 520) for
the relief of Elisha J. House, assessor of inter-
nal revenue for the second district of Michigan,
reported adversely thereon.
Mr. NESM1TH, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a joint res-
olution (H. R. No. ITS) in reference to the
Dismal Swamp Canal Company, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
a bill (H. R. No. 589) for the relief of Delia
A. Jacobs, late Delia A. Fitzgerald, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
780) to protect the revenue, and for other pur-
poses. have directed me to report it with two
amendments. As there are only two amend-
ments reported, it is quite unnecessary to have
the bill reprinted with the amendments. I shall
call it up presently. The amendments are very
simple and it is unnecessary to print them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The cus-
tomary order to print will be withheld.
personal explanation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. While I am up I wish
to make an explanation which, perhaps, may
be due to one of the officers of the Senate. I
have received a letter from the Secretary of the
Senate indorsing in very decided terms the in-
tegritj' and capacity of Mr. Jones, the messen-
ger who is the superintendent of the stationery
room. I wish to say that in the remarks I made
the other day I did not mean to be understood
in the slightest degree as impugning the integ-
rity or the faithfulness of Mr. Jones, the super-
intendent of that room. I remembered that
when Mr. Clnbb was there he was always to
be found at his post as superintendent of the
room, and was always there himself, personally
supervising everything that was done in the
room. Whether he had any assistant I do not
now recollect. But I have observed recently
that the gen tleman who receives the pay of super-
intendent of that room and makes purchases,
&c., does not, so far as my observation is con-
cerned, personally supervise it, so far as the
delivery of the articles is concerned. I do not
know that it is necessary. I stated the fact.
Whether the present system is the proper one
or not is for the Committee on Contingent
Expenses to decide; but in the remarks that
I made with regard to the stationery I did not
have reference to Mr. Jones, thesuperintendent
of the room. Under our rule, every Senator
can take what he pleases: it is left to his own
sense of propriety aud personal honor; and the
superintendent can exercise no discretion about
it. He can only deliver it when called for by
Senators and others entitled to call according
to their own statement of the necessities of their
office, whatever that may be; and, therefore,
what I said with reference to the abuses which
I supposed to exist had no reference whatever
to the conduct of the superintendent, as 1 know
nothing against it, and presume it to be per-
fectly correct and honest in all particulars, but
applied to the system itself, which is liable to
it great abuses, and which 1 am satisfied has been
subject to great abuses, not on the part of the
superintendent, who has no will in the matter,
hut on the part of others, who ought to exercise
a different discretion from what they do with
relation to the power given under the rule
itself.
I make this explanation in justice to Mr.
Jones, he being an officer of the Senate against
whom I know nothing, and who I believe to be
devoted to his duties under the Secretary, and
such as the Secretary assigns him, as much
asany other man. I have nothing against him
whatever, and therefore regret to have been
understood as imputing anything wrongly to
him. I had no occasion to make any such
imputation.
margarette ann laurie.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Mrs. Mar-
garette Ann Laurie, for property destroyed in
the District of Columbia, have instructed me
to report a bill granting her pay for rent con-
tracted to be paid for her prerais'es, but with-
out any compensation for property destroyed.
This is a bill that should have been reported
the other evening when we had a special meet-
ing to consider reports from the Committee on
Claims, and was not reported by accident. I
therefore ask the indulgence of the Senate to
consider it at this time. There can be no
objection to this bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 441)
for the relief of Margarette Ann Laurie was
read twice and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides for thepavment to her
of $2,TOO, in full, for rent of her house and lot,
situated in Washington, and used by the mili-
tary authorities from June 30, 1862, to July 1,
18G5.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there a report in
that case?
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a report accom-
panying it, but perhaps I can explain the case
in less time than the reading of the report
would occupy. This bill proposes to pay for the
rent of premises taken by order of the military
authorities and occupied by the first Rhode
Island regiment at the commencement of the
war. They took possession of this lady's house
and farm, and made a contract to pay seventy-
five dollarsamonth rent. The soldiers there, as
might naturally be supposed, destroyed a great
amount of property, and she brings in a peti-
tion claiming pay for the destruction of prop-
erty and for the rent. The committee have
made no allowance for the destruction of prop-
erty, not because they did not think it ought to
be made, for the estimate was made to us by
a master builder who was sent out by order
of the committee to report, but because we
feared it would not go through the House, and
the woman is in such distress that she would
rather have- half what she is entitled to now
than the whole by and by. We thonght, there-
fore, we would only report what there can be
no question about.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
committees of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In com-
pliance with the order of the Senate directing
the Chair to appoint a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (II. II. No. increasing the pen-
sions of widows and orphans, and for other
purposes, the Chair announces the appoint-
ment of Mr. Lane, Mr. Van Winkle, and
Mr. Davis.
Under a like order, on the joint resolution
(II. li. No. 101) for the relict'of certain offi-
cers of the Army, the Chair announces the
appointment of Mr. Ramsky, Mr. Cowan, and
Mr. Sprague, as the committee of conference.
stkamisoat inspection laws.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In behalf of the com-
mittee of conference on House bill No. 477,1
i submit a report.
