1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Were I a Carolinian, it would be very different: but
when I consider the serious effects the decision may
have on you future weal or woe, I feel that a citizen
of a State which has acted as Virginia, has no right to
interfere, even by a wish.
If the General Government allows you peaceably
and freely to secede, neither Virginia nor any other
southern State would, in my opinion, follow you at
present. But what would be the effect upon South
Carolina? Some of our best friends here supposed
that it would cut off Charleston from the great west-
ern trade whieh she is now striking for, and would
retard very greatly the progress of your State. I con-
fess that I think differently. I believe thoroughly in
onr own theories, and that if Charleston did not grow
quite so fast in her trade with other States, yet the
relief from Federal taxation would vastly stimulate
your prosperity. If so, the prestige of the Union
would be destroyed, and you would be the nucleus
for a southern confederation at no distant day.
But I do not doubt, froin all I have been able to
learn, that tho Federal Government would use force,
beginning with the form most embarrassing to you
and least calculated to excite sympathy—I mean a
naval blockade. In that event, could you withstand
the reaction feeling whieh the suffering commerce of
•Charleston w.ould probably manifest? Would you
"not lose that in which your strength consists, the
union of your people? 1 do not mean to imply an
opinion. 1 only ask the question. If you could loree
this blockade, and bring the Government to direct
force, the feeling in Virginia would bo very great.
I trust in God it would bring her to your aid.
But it will be wrong in mo to doecivoyouby speak-
ing certainly. I cannot express the deep mortification
1 have lelt at her course this winter. Jiut 1 do not
believe the course of tho Legislature is a fair expres-
sion of the popular feeling. In tho cast, at least, tho
groat majority believe in tho right of secession, and
feel thodoopesLsympathy wilh Carolina in opposition
to measures which they regard as she docs. But the
west, western Virginia, there is tho rub 1 Only sixty
thousand slaves to tour hundred and ninety-four
thousand whiten! When T consider this fact, and the
kind of argument which we have heard in this body, 1
cannot hut regard with the greatest fear the question
whethei Viiginia would assist Carolina in such an
issue.
I must acknowledge, my dear sir, that 1 look to
tho lilt lire wit h almost as much apprehension as hope.
You will object to the term Democrat. Democracy,
in its original philosophical sense, is indeed incom-
patible with slavery and the whole system of south-
ern society. "Vet, if we look back, what change will
you find made in any of our Stato constitutions, or
in our legislation in its general course for tho last
fifty years, which was not in the direction of de-
mocracy? Do not its principles andtheories bceoiuo
dailv more fixed in our practice?—I had almost said
in the opinions of our people, did I not remember
with pleasure tho great impiovciuei.it of opinion ill
regard to the abstract quest ion nf slavery. And if such
is tho ease, what have wo to hope for tho future? i
do not hesitate to say that if tho question is raised
botween Carolina and tho Federal Government, and
the latter prevails, the last hope of republican gov-
ernment, and L fear of southern civilization, is gono.
Itussia will then bo a better Government than ours.
J fear that the confusion and interruption under
which I write may liavi made this a rather rambling
letter. Do you visit tho North in tho summer? I
should be happy to welcome you to tho Old Dominion.
1 am much obliged to you for tho offer to send mo
Hammond's eulogy on Calhoun ; but I am indebted
to the author for a copy.
With esteem and friendship, yonrs truly.
M. K. JI. GAltNFTT.
William 11. Tukscott, "Esq.
To explain tho full moaning of this letter i
must connect its date with tho Nashville con-
vention held a lew months previous, it is now
known that at that convention, in 1850, the
project of secession was .agreed upon. There
existed in the convention two parties, one in
favor of tho separate action of the States, and
the other of calling a general convention of the
slave States ami seceding in a body. This let-
ter plainly allude* to that division of parties as
to the manner of seceding, ft corroborates
what has been said of the determination at that
early day to secede, it indicates leaving the
time to such opportunity as preparation should
make propitious. This, however, is not the
most important part of the letter. " Democ-
racy. in its original philosophical sense, is in-
deed incompatible wilh slavery and the whole
system of southern society." Never, Mr. Pres-
ident, was a graver truth uttered than this. It
was equally true that this sentiment was the
very animus of the rebellion. It was this sen-
timent that stimulated the rebel leaders into
the fixed belief that slavery could not be per-
joetuated under a democratic form of govern-
ment. It was this sentiment that led to the
conclusion that slavery could be perpetuated
in no other manner than by overthrowing de-
mocracy and building up government through
a privileged class.
The republicanism spoken of in this letter
was unmistakably the republicanism of Greece
or Rome—a privileged order of nobility on the
one hand and a mass of slaves on the other.
American democracy was the antagonism of
this. Mr. Garnett's conclusion was truthful
wherein he asserted that—
"In our State constitutions and in our legislation
in its general course for the last fifty years the change
had been in the direction of democracy."
To Mr. Garnett's mind this was a most alarm-
ing feature in American politics. It was this
that so much troubled the pro-slavery sensibil-
ities and made the advocates of the system
politically frantic. This was the reason why
Mr. Garnett so much desired that when mat-
ters were brought to the phase of civil war
Virginia might be brought to the aid of South
Carolina.
The letter of Mr. Garnett was evidently writ-
ten in reply to a treasonable letter from Mr.
Treseott, in which the latter had objected to
the term ''Democrat." That these two gen-
tlemen entertained the same views and the same
repugnancc to the democratic principle in gov-
ernment is evidenced by the following extract
from an address delivered by the latter before
the Historical Society of South Carolina, in
1855. He says:
"The institution of slavery, which with the men of
former times was an experiment, has become the
'corner-stone' ot their social and political life; and
yctf here are some men in South Carolina who would
eradicate the old State pride, destroy the conserva-
tive character in our State politics, strip us bare of
(ho glonous achievements of the past, and drive us,
destitute and dishonored, into a lit companionship
of ft vagabond and demoralized democracy."
I have alluded to the expressed sentiments
of these prominent coneocters and leaders of
the rebellion for the reason that they were the
types and representatives of the class to which
they belonged. The spirit and reasoning that
controlled them originated and controlled the
rebellion from its inception to its final result.
Not less explicit was Mr. Spratt, of South
Carolina, the leading secessionist of that State
after the death of Mr. Calhoun. In his address
in the Vicksbnrg secession convention of 185(J
he became more emphatic than any of his corn-
pours in the expression of the sentiment that
democracy was the deadly antagonism of sla-
very. To this argument he gave point in the
following manner:
"While our population has advanced, thero has
been no proportionate advancement in the number
of slaves. The widening West has made demand of
slaves upon tho oldev States; tho older States have
been compelled toyiold to such exaction. With every
transportation tluvc was hireling labor ready to sup-
pW its pUvee; wit h hireling Uvb<M came the form and
spirit, of deinooaey. It made its way ucioss tho
border; it o\ersprcad tho States of Delaware and
Maryland; it extended m tho States of Kentucky,
Missouri, and Viiginia; it entered into southern
cities; it glided in to schools and pul pi N; it crept about
the halls of legislation; and so it is that wo are not
alone iu the contest with tlu: Noith, winch beais tho
h-innors of demoeracy, but with the demoeraey itself
within the States, the cities, and the institutions of
the South." Tho speaker assumed that ifthisdemoc-
racy could*not begot rid of, "tho separation from tho
iNorth would mereiy adjourn the contest;" that "as
this south cm democracy grapplesslavery in its homes,
and on its hearth-stones, hi a very waslikethcThracian
horse that bore its rider from f he field, and that, es-
caping enemies abroad, it would be forced to wage a
still moro deadly content with its enemies at home."
Mr. President and Senators, let us now put
the emphatic inquiry: who wore those enemies
at home? They were not tho influences that
originated the personal liberty bills of Massa-
chusetts, Vermont, or other States. They were
not the political force that voted for Fremont
in 185(5 or for Mr. Lincoln in 1SG0. They were
not the friends of freedom who resisted the atro-
cities in Kansas committed by the ruffianism
that invaded that State. No, sir j ^hese " en-
emies at home.'' were none other than the native-
born white children of the South. They were
the mass of non-slaveholders, grown to man-
hood and womanhood under the disparaging
disability of a pro-slavery policy—a policy
that viewed with contemptuous distrust every
element in society that did not belong to its
peculiar class. These enemies at home com-
posed the class alluded to by Mr. Treseott as
the 44 vagabond and demoralized democracy."
\\ ithouf pausing tj comment further upon this
paragraph, I will group with it the sentiments
and principles of another advocate of " south-
ern rights/5 Imust draw from that oracle and
depository of southern political literature, De
Bow' a Review. In a proposition to go back to
the feudal system, the author says:
" The real civilization of a country is in its aristoc-
racy. Theinasses are molded into soldiers and arti-
sans by intellect, just as matter and the elements of
nature are made into telegraphs and steam-engines.
The poor who labor all day are too tired at night to
study books. If you make them learned, they soon
forget all thatisnecessaryinthecommon transactions
of life. To make an aristocrat in the future we must
sacrifice a thousand paupers. Yet we would.by all
means make them, make them permanent, too, by
laws of entail and primogeniture. The right to gov-
ern resides in a very small minority; the duty to obey
is inherent in the greatmassesof mankind. All gov-
ernment begins with usurpation and is continued by
force. There is nothing to which the South enter-
tains so great a dislike as universal suffrago. Where
ever foreigners settle together in large numbers, there
universal suffrage will exist."
• In contemplating these postulates and prop-
ositions I am at a loss to know how it was, or
why it was, that such political atrocity had been
encouraged into the boldness of undisguised
declaration. Was it owing to the supposed fact
that the manhood of the southern masses had
been crushed out? Was it owing to the sup-
posed pusillanimity of the General Government
that had seemed to dispense with its powers of
resistence to pro-slavery domination? Was it
owing to the palsied subserviency of the highest
judicial tribunal of the nation; or did the en-
couragement spring from the partial debauch-
ment of that part of the northern political forces
that seemed to have forgotten that principle
was longer to be maintained? I know not, sir,
whether the intended atrocity sprung from one
or all these encouragements in the aggregate;
but, sir, I do know that the present century has
not disclosed a contemplated policy more at
variance with our ideas of republican institu-
tions than that put forth by these southern ad-
vocates of "State rights." John Milton was a
poet of fertile imagination and great powers ot
description. Plad he wished to improve on the
features of diabolism he needed only to'have
lived in our day. By contemplating the project
of crushing "the enemies at home" and4 4 mak-
ing permanent aristrocrats'' by sacrificing poor
people, he could have improved upon his infer-
nal pictures by substituting reality for fancy.
I have not done with the evidences by which
I propose to establish the truth of my indict-
ment. After the confederacy was supposed to
be established with certainty, the leaders threw
off all disguises as to the motives that moved
in the undercurrent, of the rebellion. The fol-
lowing extract from De Bow's Review is a com-
plete elucidation of the form of government to
which the loaders aspired:
"Thoso pestilent and pernicious dogmas — 'the
greatest good of tho greatest number;' ' the majority
shall rule'—are, in their practical application, tho
frightful source of disorders never to be quieted,
philosophies the most false, and passions the most
wild, destructive, and ungovernable. In America, by
reason of the operation of causes wholly extraneous to
the considerations of government and society, the re-
publican experiment has been prolonged beyond re-
corded precedent; but, painful as thcreflection must
be to all such as subscribed to the Utopian philosophy,
and have an abiding faith in the capacity of man for
enlightened self-rule, it must be confessed that tho
experiment of the democratic llepublic of America
has failed."
The author concludes thus:
"The institution of an hereditary Senate and "Ex-
ecutive is tho political form best suited to the genius,
and most expressive of tho ideas, of the South/'
I must now, Mr. President, digress, in order
to call the attention of the Senate to the cor-
responding responses to this declaration by the
governing classes of Europe. Scarcely had the
assertion of "the failure of republican gov-
ernment in America" been made on this side
before it was caught up in a spirit of derisive
malice by the Tory press of England. The
principles of American Government were de-
nounced nsimiffnis fatuus. The "great Repub-
lic," on the authority of the London Times,
"was no more!" " Democracy was a rope of
sand." "It lacked the cohesive power to
maintain an empire of such magnitude." " Dis-
integration was an accomplished fact.". "No
power existed in Alheriea to reunite the frag-
ments of the dissolved Republic.'' in this
exultation was mingled a corresponding malice
