1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
against the European advocates of liberal gov-
ernment. The champions of popular rights
were arraigned as a set of "foolish dreamers,"
whose obstinate theorizing must now give way
under the failure of the American example.
Nor, Mr. President, was this the most signifi-
cant part played by European influences. The
French emperor ventured upon the declaration
that "France was not interested in this—that
the United States should absorb Mexico, dom-
inate thence the Antilles, and thus become
mistress of the commerce of the world." We
may tra'ce the machinations ot the French em-
peror through the combinations of Roman Jes-
uitism in Europe, in the United States, and in
Mexico; through the insidious appeal to the
"Latin races;" through the mysterious con-
duet of an ambitious American prelate, going
out as a loyal emissary and returning from
Europe with a distrusted and doubtful fidelity. ]
We may trace the French monarch through his
intrigues with England and Spain, and the foul
coalition against the Liberalists of Mexico.
Concurrent with this the naval workshops o&
England were preparing the means of sweep-
ing American commercc from the ocean, in ever
•before has so broad and foul a conspiracy against
the principles of popular government been en-
tered into, and never have the principles of
popular government suffered such an ordeal._
With a consolidated military organization in
the South, adequate in a civil war to have over-
turned the strongest dynasty in Europe; with
English allies despoiling our commerce on the
ocean; with a half-debauched political force in
the North of questionable loyalty, never before
had the patriotic forces of any nation been
brought to a more imminent verge of desper-
ation. Father looked father in the face with
anxious look and clenched hand as he sent his
son to the battle. Anxious mothers looked
upon the contest with tearful solicitude, know-
ing that the welfare of offspring depended upon
the result of the conflict. Never shall we for-
get that voice of the people which came through
the gloom in response to the call of our vener-
ated President:
"We are oomirisr, Father Abraham,
Six hundred thousand more."
That response settled the question of foreign
intervention. It dissolved the Spanish-Anglo-
Fiench coalition; the one sneaking out on a
piratical platform, content to abet the contin-
uance of depredations on our commerce; an-
other retiring to experiment on St. Domingo
and the South Amcncan republics; and the
other facetiously setting up a surplus scion of
thq House of Hapsburg as a mock insignia of
royalty in Mexico.
"Without alluding further to the prophesied
failure of republican government, 1 come back
to the closing postulate of the quotation, "An
hereditary Senate and Executive is the polit-
ical form best suited to the genius, and most
expressive of the ideas, of the South.'' If this
is intended to embrace the conspirators only,
I have no doubt of the truth of the declaration.
If by the word "South" the non-slaveholders
and colored people are embraced. I must believe
that there are ten millions of this population,
who, if undeceived, and let t to their own volition,
would be advocates of republican government,
and precisely of that kind of government which
was intended to be guarantied in the Consti-
tution .
To proceed further with the evidences, I must
call as a witness the Southern Literary Mes-
senger. This is no ordinary witness. Ij, is sub-
penaed from the highest life of the confederacy.
Most popular with the leaders, most, authentic
as tlieir oracle, and most approved m their
policy, I trust that its testimony will be deemed
conclusive. In the middle age of the confed-
eracy, when rebel hope was buoyant, and in-
dependence a supposed certainty, this print
indulged in the luxury of contemplating and
recommending the future political programme.
In an article emitled " Ihe great uangcrof the
confederacy," the author discourses thus:
'' That benign institution of slavery, which it is now
the pride and glory of tho South to ascribe to the con-
ception of divinity, and which this war has proven
to be, next to the devoted patriotism and undaunted
resolution of her sons, the great element of power m
the confederacy, will prove, in preventing too heavy
an influx from foreign shores of that class of popu-
lation devoted to menial pursuits, another bulwark
against the encroachments of those tendencies to de-
mocracy which have been the Pandora's box of dis-
integration and ruin to all republics."
Again, speaking of democracy, it says
"Disgraced by the crimes of her votaries in tne
northern States, humbled by her humiliating defeat
in the destruction of her chosen empire, the late
Union, and abashed by the proud triumph of constitu-
tional liberty in the success of the young confederacy,
democracy may vail the features of her prophet, and
seek in humility and retirement from the theater ot
active conflict to efface the blood-stained record ot
her crimes."
And again:
" Lot us seek at once to eradicate every vestige of
radical democracy, every feature tending to make
ours a popular Government, makingitsubject only to
the intelligent andvirtuous, and those who are inter-
ested in its successful administration."
And again:
" Wewould not be understood as uniting in the be-
lief of the impossibility of a successful republic, that
we cry out for the rcestablishnient of loyalty m this
free country, whose noble sons daily attest their detes-
tation of tyranny in all its forms, by those tei*rib!e liba-
tions which it is the habit of liberty to exact from her
votaries. AVe have no special objections to royalty,
when restrained by constitutional barriers.'
That the evidence of conspiracy against the
principles of republican government may not
appear to come from one side alone, we will
allow the southern Unionists to speak. I cite
from the letter of the Democratic League to
John Bright, of England, written in August,
1862:
"In order to judge with accuracy, it is necessary
to undeistand what brought slaveholders to the des-
perate resort of attempted revolution, ihc doctrine
was long since promulgated by them that 'a govern-
ment of majorities must be abrogated; that .sla-
very and democracy were incompatible; tuatuncler
the operation of the democratic principle, and the
laws of population and subsistence, slavery mu--t soon
lose its prestige and go down before the entranchisert
masses.' What was to be done? Hove was a process
of reasoning, founded on iorevight ot the future, that
no argument could turn aside. Statesmen 111 ttie
.North and South concurred in the same conclusion,
but with this difference: tho one insisting that the
democratic principle must be subverted in order to
maintain slavery unimpaired; the otherinsistmgtnat
the democratic principle m jrovermnent must be
main tamed, though \ t involved the extinction 01 sla-
very. We have now the de>pcratc conlhot oi arms
founded upon the issue thus made." *
This letter was drawn by the pen of a south-
ern Unionist; by one who had long watched
the progress of the secession project, and who
had analyzed with scrutiny its ulterior objects.
The accuracy of its statement few, I think, will
question.
I call two other witnesses of equal note ^ Ham-
ilton and Anderson, both refugees from Texas;
the former now returned as provisional gov-
ernor of that State, and the latter recently Gov-
ernor of Ohio. These gentlemen, in their pub-
lished speeches, both concur in 1 he same conclu-
sion as to the rebel intent of abrogating popular
government in the South. Both parties have
labored to warn their countrymen of thenature
of the southern conspiracy, and to urge the
issue as a conflict between the democratic and
anti-democratic forces of the nation. Lut, Mr.
President, if official prestige can add to the
weight of testimony, I have still higher wit-
nesses. Mr. Lincoln, in his annual message of
December, 18G1, thus throws out the warning
voice to Congress and the country:
"It continues to develop that the insurrection is
largely, if not exclusively, a war upon the first pun-
cipies'of popular government, tho rights oi the peo-
, /> ._ ..i of t in -W fnmid in the mos
pie!""Conclusive evidence ot this is found in the most
grave and maturely considered public documents, as
well as in the general loneof themsurgeuts. inthose
documents wo find the abridgment ot the exiting
right of suffrage boldly advocated, with labored ai-
auments to prove that large control of the people m
government is the source oi all political oyd- £on~
archy itself is sometimes hinted at as a possible retuge
from* the power ot the people. .
"In my present position I could scarcclj be justi-
fied were 1 to omit raising a wnrmnc; voice against
this approach of returning despotism.
Even at that early day, studied as the con-
cealment of the more atrocious part ot the
programme had been, the ominous^ sound ot
conspiracy against the principles of free gov-
ernment had reached the ear ot the executive
Chief Magistrate, and in that convincing form
which impelled him. to bring the subject to the
attention of Congress.
Not less explicit has been the voice of the
present Chief Magistrate in declaring his con-
victions as to the motives and objects that ani-
mated the rebel leaders. Time and again has
he repeated the declaration, in effect, that the
contest was a battle between aristocracy and
democracy; that it arose out of these antago-
nistic principles in government. Thus we have
it in the testimony of all. There is no disa-
greement of witnesses. The Tories of England
and the Liberalists of England have regarded
the conflict in the same light, the one sym-
pathizing with and aiding the rebellion ; the
other sympathizing with the Union cause, and
hopefully regarding the stability of the great
Republic as the harbinger of political disra-
tlirallment for the masses of Europe. The
Unionists of the South have concurred with the
treason of the South in the precise statement
of the issue ; and it is not the least distinctive
or significant fact, that upon this issue three
hundred thousand troops of southern extrac-
tion have joined the Union Army—a force, in
point of numbers, nearly equaling the whole
number of slaveholders in 18G0.
Mr. President, I have sometimes heard the
northern apologists of treason assert that the
rebellion of the South was analogous in prin-
ciple to the struggle of our forefathers for inde-
pendence. By what strange perversion ofintel-
lect such a parallel should be attempted sur-
passes my comprehension. I will concede, sir,
that we have had the same battle, and the same
issue that animated our fathers on the one side,
and the Government of Great Britain on the
other. 15ut I shall not be disputed when I
maintain that this Government has fought the
same side of the issue that our revolutionary
fathers fought, and have struggled successfully
to maintain what they established. Our fore-
fathers were made to chafe under monarchical
insult and imposition. They learned to know
by experience that common protection would
never be awarded by privileged class. _ They
entered into the contest in defense of their nat-
ural and inalienable rights, and made the cause
of popular justice the strength and ennobling
feature of the conflict. In the recent attempt
at revolution the intended perpetuity of human
bondage, added to the intended monopoly of
wealth and political power, were the main-
springs of the rebellion. These were the aspi-
rations that controlled the leaders of secession.
A beneficent Government, most noted of all
Governments for its principles of encourage-
ment and protection, was attacked; not for the
purpose of diffusing additional justice into tne
relationships of society, but for overturning all
justice. The animus of the rebellion said, "I
am mighty; I will make of this people hewers
of wood and drawers of water; and they shall
be my bondmen and bondwomen forever.
The world has again witnessed the fulfillment
of the declaration that "pride goeth before
destruction, and a haughty spirit before a fall.'
It appears to me, Mr. President, that it has
been most unfortunate for the country that the
true nature of tho issue was not more widely
and more definitely understood. It has been
truly said that "the rebellion was inaugurated
on false pretenses, and that it lived on its hy-
pocrisy." Could it have been known through-
out the Union, and distinctly known, that it
involved a conspiracy against the principles ot
popular government, how few of the Ameiican
people would have had a heart to sympathize
with its objects. I believe, sir, could the ul-
terior objects of the attempted revolution luno
been definitely known to all, mne teutns of Jie
aggregated population of the Union would have
repudiated wifti scorn and indignation the whole
project of secession. Every one now knows
that the masses of the South were wickedly
imposed upon, wickedly deceived, and that
much of the political force in the N orth has
been drawn into contnmaeyugainsttlienational
Government, and aaaiu.-t the party seeking to
uphold it, by the same kind of deception. liaa
it not been for this deception in the South the
