*2-
BEE OQNGEESSIOTAL GLOBE.
June 6,
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I move that the
amendment be printed. That answers the
same purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
• Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask that the amend-
ment which I proposed to submit be printed
also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The orde®
to print h&s already been entered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am a friend of this
measure, and I expect to vote for it and every
one of these sections. I think, however, that
at this hour of the evening the friends of the
proposition -ought not to insist upon a vote
upon it. I have never seen this amendment
before j I have not examined it; it is entirely
new; and when the Senator from Oregon
offered it I really did not know_ whether it
came from himself or the committee. Cer-
tainly we do not desire to take from the oppo-
nents of this measure the opportunity of judg-
ing it and examining it, and much less can we
wish to take from our own friends the oppor-
tunity of examining the 'principles contained
in it. It is now five o: clock ; it is the usual
hour of adjournment.
Mr. CLARK. "Will the Senator allow me
to offer an amendment before he moves an
adjournment?
lUr. HENDERSON. I will give way for a
moment until you present it.
Mr. CLARK, with the permission of the
Senator from Missouri, if there is a disposition
to adjourn, I wish to otter an amendment to
strike out the fourth and fifth sections and to
substitute what 1 send to the Chair, and I will
state for the information of Senators that it is
an amendment from the committee. 1 move
that it he printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
to prinl will be entered, if there bo no objection.
Mr. HENDERSON. Now I move thai, the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. AIN'TIIONV. I hope that before wo
adjourn some understanding may be arrived
at on both sides of the Chamber as to when
we shall have a vote on this question. [ think
we should take advantage ot the good feeling
that is exhibited at present to come to some
understanding on that point.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 trust wc shall stay here
a little lunger to-day and make some further
progress in the discussion. There are several
Senators on the other side of the Chamber who
intend to speak to the measure whieli is now
under consideration, and 1 am anxious to make
all tin; progress that, is possible to-day and to-
morrow; and! wish it understood that so far
as it depends on mo I shall expect that the
filial vote will be taken at least on Friday.
ill*. CLAIilv. To-morrow.
Mr. HOWARD. I say at least on Friday.
Several Sjoxators. To-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Missouri moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope wo shall not ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 11, noes 17.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I had
a sympathy to-day for the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Hiieuman] when he announced to the
Senate that his judgment was that the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin
was right; that of the two measures that ought
to be a part of the Constitution rather than the
proposition of the caucus, but that he could
not support it; and ho said that I had been
placed in like circumstances a hundred times,
and my political friends had decided for me
how I should vote. I desire to say to that
Senator that he is entirely mistaken upon that
proposition. I never in my life cast a vote
npon an important legislative measure because
any body of men said I should; and I do not
think I ever will. I am responsible to the
people of the State of Indiana; and when it is
proposed to change the Constitution of the
country, I must be satislied in my own judg-
ment that the proposition is right, that it is
the be.-t proposition that is before the body, or
that my constituents expect me to vote for it,
else I cannot give it'my vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
the Senator a question if he will allow me.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has it ever occurred
in the history of that Senator that when he be-
came'satisfied that he could not get what he
wanted he voted for the next best thing he
could get, or did he stick to the first and lose
it, and let the other go with it 1
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not recollect ever
to have been placed in just that embarrass-
ment. I am practical in my views as a gen-
eral thing, and do the best I can.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That, I suppose, is the
ease with the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not recollect any
particular instance in which I was placed in
the embarrassment the Senator suggests.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can vary the form
of my question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to complete my answer? When a propo-
sition is before a legislative body, and an
amendment is proposed to it, and the amend-
ment, in my judgment, is better than the origi-
nal proposition, I am never so embarrassed as
to say that I shall voto for the more objection-
able of the two propositions. I do not do it,
and my party never ask rae to do it.
Mr. FESSENDliN. I suppose, then, if the
Senator was satisfied that his vote would be
"thrown away on the first proposition but would
have effect on the second, he would prefer to
throw away his vote and thus lose both.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 should vote for the
proposition that my judgment approved. But
so far as I have been connected with political
parties I have never gone into any caucuses to
decide upon any legislative measures. I have
gone into caucuses to decide who should be
the presiding officer of a body, and how the
organization should be completed ; I have gone
into conventions for the purpose of establishing
platforms for a political campaign ; but to go
into a convention of the members of the Senate
or of the House of Representatives, in which
a majority decides how the vote shall be east,
and that majority fixing if, a measure is brought
before this body which two thirds must support
before it shall pass, I say is exceedingly objec-
tionable. That is the position that the Senator
from Ohio admits himself to occupy to-day.
Upon a measure that two thirds of the Senate,
under the Constitution, must approve before it
can be submitted to the people, he subordi-
nates his judgment to the will of a majority of
his party friends in a caucus. He says his
judgment approves of a particular proposition.
1 think that is illustrative of the present condi-
tion of the Senate.
How the Senator from Oregon comes to offer
an amendment at this time, I do not know.
The amendment comes here. Whether he was
authorized to make the proposition, whether
there was some latitude allowed to him in the
decisions, 1 do not understand. It seems to
meet with favor. I do not want to vote upon
it to-night; I am not ready to vote upon it;
but I am willing to stay here and discuss the
question until in the end we got to know some-
thing about it.- As _a part of my remarks, I
ask that the proposition of the Senator from
Oregon be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. As a matter of course, in
making the observations I did, I did not seek
the approval of the Senator from Indiana, and
do not now; but I have no doubt, and I repeat
the assertion, that ho has frequently, very many
times, in the course of his legislative experi-
ence, found himself compelled to vote for a
proposition which contained some matter in it
that was objectionable. Scarcely a bill passes
any legislative body, but what, when a member
offers an amendment and fails to carry it, he
votes for the measure although he has failed
to carry his amendment; and I think that the
Senator, who is under pretty good discipline in
I the Democratic party, has often given way his
opinion on minor matters in order to carry a
great proposition. My position is precisely
this: I believe that several amendments of the
Constitution are imperatively necessary. One
of the amendments proposed relates to the
basis of representation. Upon that I have a
clear conviction that the gentlemen who will
vote for these amendments have fallen into an
error. Either I am in error or they are. I
still think more than ever that the simple true
basis is the number of voters, citizens of the
United States fixed by the law of the State;
buttliat proposition is voted down by a majority
of those with whom I act. I do not expect the
opposite side to vote for any of these proposi-
tions, and I do not consider their opinion worth
much, because they commence "by opposing
the whole proposition. I do not regard their
opinion as entitled to much weight with me in
fixing the terms of the amendment. When
each proposition has been agreed upon by the
majority of those expected to vote for the whole,
and I am called upon to vote on the whole
proposition and defeat the whole proposition,
or vote for it with some clauses that do not
exactly suit me, as a matter of course I will
vote for them ; and I have no doubt the Sen-
ator from Indiana would do the same thing if
he were in my place.
Now, in regard to another matter, I do think
that the attempt to press a vote on an amend-
ment to the Constitution, which, although it is
said only differs in form, none of us have had
an opportunity to read, is made probably at
this period of the day without sufficient reflec-
tion. Perhaps all of us will agree that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ore-
gon—a change of phraseology as he says—is
the better proposition; but certainly, having
adjourited yesterday at half past three o'clock
when one of our own political friends was
speaking in order to enable him to take two
days to make a speech, we can scarcely refuse
an adjournment now to the minority in order
that they may be heard.
Mr. CLARK. We adjourned yesterday at a
quarter past four o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is now five o'clock, and
two amendments are introduced to the Consti-
tution, it is true, only varying in form; but to
attempt to force a vote on them to-night is
simply absurd. It cannot be done in a body
organized like the Senate. I, however, sym-
pathize with all as to the long time that has
been occupied by this debate, and I think a
time ought to be fixed for taking the vote. The
Senator from Michigan having this matter in
charge says that he expects a vote on Friday
evening, and if he adheres to that I will sup-
port him in it.
Mr. HOWARD. I said " at least on Fri-
day ;" and I expect the vote to be taken in the
morning.*
Mr. SHERMAN. .1 will support him in that.
If some general understanding can be effected
by which the vote may be taken on Friday I
have no doubt we shall be able to get through
without being at all hurried in the mean time.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California has the floor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Cali-
fornia has not the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I yielded the floor to
the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
was not aware of that.
Mr. HENDKICKS. I am not anxious about
adjourning. I am entirely indifferent on that
subject. If it is the pleasure of the Senate to
stay here and discuss this measure this even-
ing, I would just as liof go on now as at any
other time.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will permit
me, I wish to make a suggestion to him. I do
not suppose anybody on this side of the Cham-
ber, or in the Senate, desires to force a vote
