1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§
and in pursuance of the custom in reference to
these nominations, I will say that Mr. Bonte en-
tered tlie service as chaplain of the forty-second
Ohio regiment, and faithfully discharged the
duties of that position until his health failed.
Since then he has been, in pursuance of his
profession, in Iowa and at Georgetown, and I
will say in one word, that if the House will come
to know him as well as I do, they will find him
a man of marked ability, of decided piety, and
unwavering loyalty.
Mr. PRICE. I nominate as candidate for
Chaplain of the House of Representatives,
Rev. B. H. Nadal, of this city, and should have
done so without saying a word, if the precedent
had not been established of saying something
as a reason why a nomination should be made
and an election should take place.
On the platform, in the pulpit, with his pen,
before the commencement of the war and during
its continuance, he has not failed or faltered to
be the foremost on Ihe right side, and in the
right cause.
A, Voice. A good man.
Mr. PRICE. My friend on the left says ho
is a good man. Yes, he is an honest man,
which is the noblest work of God, and the kind
of man wo ought to have as Chaplain of this
House.
Mr. COBB seconded the nomination of Dr.
Nadal.
Mr. MILLER. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to
nominate "Rev. John Walker Jackson, ofHarris-
burg, Pennsylvania, for Chaplain of this House.
Mr. Jackson is an earnest divine of the Meth-
odist persuasion, a loyal man, and patriot. Dur-
ing the four years of the war ho did good ser-
vice, both in and out of the pulpit, in behalf of
his country. He worked incessantly to encour-
age young men to enlist, in order to replenish
our army and crush out the rebellion. He is
just such a man as will reflect credit on the
Thirty-Ninth Congress by his election as Chap-
lain of this House.
Mr. DRIGrGS. I rise to nominate Rev. B.
H. Nadal.
The SPEAKER. He has already been
nominated.
Mr. DRIGGS. Very well; the mention ofthe
name is sufficient.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have, a nomination to
make. If I were going to vote for a fighting-
man, I would nominate General Grant; but 1
do not intend to vote for a fighting man, and
therefore I nominate Rev. John Chambers, of
Philadelphia.
CONTESTED-ELECTION PATERS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the petition and evidence in
the contested-election case of S. H. Boyd vs.
John It. Kelso, from the fourth congressional
district of Missouri; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be referred to the Committee of
Elections, when appointed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the papers in the contested-election case of
William E. Dodge vs. James Brooks, from the
eighth congressional district of New York;
which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
referred to the Committee of Elections, when
appointed.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN AGAIN.
The SPEAKER appointed as tellers on the
election of Chaplain, Messrs. Price of Iowa,
Giuswoi® of New York, Delano of Ohio, and
Johnson of Pennsylvania.
The tellers look their places at the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. RxlNDALL, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to second a nomination?
The SPEAKER. Tt is not, as the tellers
have taken 1 heir places.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I was
about to second the nominal ion of Rev. Mr.
Chambers, and to say in his behalf that he is a
Christian gentleman.
The House then proceeded to vote vita voce,
for Chaplain, with the following result, which
was announced by Mr. Giuswold on behalf of
the tellers.
Whole number of votes cast, 1G8; necessary
to a choice, 85; of which—
C. B. Boynton received 89
Thomas II. Stockton \„',22
John Chambers  15
15. H. Nadal \u
J. G. Butler 9
JamesPresley 6
Charles 13. Parsons   5
J. II. C. Bont6     3
L. C. Matlock 2
John Walker Jackson 2
Heury Slieer 1
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Boynton—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Beaman, Benja-
min, Bidwell, Blaine, Bout\vell,Brandegee,Buckland,
Bundy, Reader "W\ Clarke, Sidney Clark, UonkHng,
Cook, Cullorn, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Deming,Dixon,~
Dumont iCg^leston, Lldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Far-
quhar, Ferry, Garfield, Goodyear, Grinnell, Griswold,
Hale, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotcbkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, J ohn H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, ihilburd,
James Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenclces, Julian, Ka«son,
Kctchum, LaOin, Longyear, Marvin, Mcliucr, Mor-
rill, Morris, Paine, Perham, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy,
Radford, Raymond, Alexander H.Rice, John H.Kice,
Sawyer, Schcnck, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding,
Still well, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Warner, William B'. Washburn, Welker, Went-
worth, Whaley, James F. Wilson, Windom, Winfield,
and Woodbridge.
For Mr. Stockton—Messrs. Baker, Bingham, Broom-
all, Culver, Donnelly, Eckley, Gridcr, Aaron Harding,
James 11. Hubbell, Kclley, Kerr, Mereur, Myers,
Newell, O'Neill, Kitter, Shauklin, Starr, Thayer,
Thornton, Trowbridge, and Wright.
For Mr. Chambers—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Boyer,
Chanler, Dawson, Denton, Glo&sbrcnuor, Johnson,
Marshall, MoCuilough, Niblack, Nicholson, Samuel
J. Randall, Strouse, and Rogers.
For Mr. JSadal—Messrs. Baxter, Cobb, Defrees,
Driggs, Chester D.Ilabbard, Marston, Mclndoe, Orth,
Patterson, Pike, Price, Rollins, Sloan, and John L.
Thomas.
For Mr. Butler—Messrs. Anderson, Kelso, Loan,
McClurg, Noell, Scofield, Stevens, Taylor, and Fran-
cis Thomas.
For Mr. Presley—Messrs. Barker, Broomall. Abncr
C. Harding, George V. Lawrence, Moorhcad, and
Williams.
For Mr. Parsons—Messrs. Latham, MeKee, Ross,
Smith, and William H. Randall.
For Mr. Monte—Messrs. Blow, Delano, and William
Lawrence.
For Mr. Mcttloclc—-Messrs. Kuykendall and Moulton.
For Mr. Jackson —Mc.-srs. Miller, and Stephen P.
W ihun.
For Mr. Slict-'r— Mr. Ilogan.
The SPEAKER announced thaffRev. C.
B. Boyntox, having received a majority of all
the votes given, was duly elected Chaplain of
the House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress.
INDIANA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. OP,TIT presented the memorial of W. D.
Washburne, contesting tlio seat of Hon. D. W.
VooniiKES, as a member of the House from
the seventh district of Indiana, together with
the evidence in the case; and moved that they
be referred to the Committee of Elections;
when appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
ArPOKTIOmiENT OF KEPKESEXTATION.
Mr. SCHE^CKj in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a joint resolution proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the united
States, to apportion Representatives according
to the number of voters in the several States j
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK. It had been my purpose to
propose that this resolution should be made the
special order for some early day ; but upon re-
flection, considering how serious a thing it is to
oiler an amendment to the Constitution, and
how gravely it ought to be considered, how
carefully every word should be weighed, I pre-
fer to move, as I now do, that it be referred
to the Committee 011 the Judiciary, when ap-
2)ointed? and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BA.YXS. T desire to offer a resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. Had we not better proceed
to en 11 the States in their order?
The SPEAKER. That is the regular order,
and it will be reached by objecting to the reso-
lution.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I object; I desire
that the States shall be called.
The 8PJ3AKER then proceeded, as the reg-
ular order of business, to call the States and
Territories for resolution s, under which call
bills and joint resolutions could "be introduced
for reference, commencing with the Stktedf
Maine. ' " -
GENERAL BANKETTPT S,
Mr. JENCKES submitted the following res-
olution, upon which he demanded the'previous
question: • - '
Jiesolved, That a committee, to consist of flineia&ifi*
hers, be appointed by the-Speaker, to eontinue during
the Ihirty-mnth Congress, to take into consideration
the subject of establishing uniform laws "on tho mib- •
ject of bankruptcies throughout the United States
and to whom shall be referred all memorials and other
communications on said subject, with leave to report
thereon by bill or otherwise.
The-previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and being put, the res-
olution was adopted.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMPLOYES OS THE HOTTSH.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Bcsolved, (as the sense of this House,) That the
appointment of the sons of members of the House
to any office under the Clerk, Doorkeeper, Sergeant-
at-Arms, or Postmaster thereof is improper, and the
same, is therefore prohibited.
On seconding the previous question no quo-
rum voted.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Davis and
SrALDiKG were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—>
ayes 1X2, noes 2.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered, and being
put, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
office of provost marshal general.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following
resolution, upon which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
bo instructed to impure whether the office of Provost
Marshal 0 eneral, and offices subordin ate thereto, can-
not now advantageously be dispensed with, and such
business as remains at that bureau be turned over to
some necessary and permanent bureau of the Vvrar
Department.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered; and being put, the
resolution was adopted.
Mr. CONKLINGr moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIVILEGE Of THE ELOOB.
Mr. RAYMOND submitted the following
resolution, upon which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Unsolved. That TV. E. Dodge, claimant for the scat
now hold by Hon. James Bkooks, from the eighth
congressional district of Sew York, be entitled to the
puvitege of the floor pending the decision of his
claims.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to move to
amend the resolution so as to include the two
contestants from the sixteenth district of Penn-
svlvauia.
" Mr. ORTH. I hope the contestants from
Indiana ■will be included also.
Mr. RAYMOND. I will accept the amend-
ments.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentle-
man from New York that he so modify his
resolution as to include all contestants for seats
from the loyal States.
Mr. RAYMOND. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania if ail the eases
to which he refers have already been brought
bcfoie the House for its action?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; there are several
that are to come.
