1866.
THE CONGrRESSlONALr GLdM;
MS
that does not accord in spirit and form with the
principles of the Constitution is legitimate ; nor
can it be made legitimate by Congress. Local
State despotism is outside of the Constitution
and illegitimate. It never can be made other-
wise. It. never was anything else than the off-
spring of the political hcretic, State sovereignty.
It has ever been a child of mischief and agent
of evil. It has been trying ever since it, was
born to overthrow the principles embraced in
the Declaration of Independence. It has sought
with great pertinacity and success to regulate
public opinion by mobs. It broke down the
manly spirit in political communities, and pro-
duced pusillanimity instead of independent
manhood. It inculcated a jealous, clannish
hatred between sections, and broke down com-
ity between the States. Whenever northern
people went to reside within the realm of its
dominion, to use a southern phrase, it made
them •'cat dirt." It was the greatest of sophists
and falsiliers. and on the same principle that all
political hucksters, who controvert die golden
rule in politics, are falsifieis and hypocrites.
"Vv e have had enough of this political perversity,
and enough of its consequences. It is high
time that the whole nation, from its center to its
circumference, should be politically taught that
we have a beneficent Constitution and a power
in Congress under it that is adequate to apply
the corrective.
We are told, sir, that if Congress is persist-
ent in imposing terms, conditions, and guar-
antees we shall offend the South ; that they
are a proud and sensitive people. I am aware
of this, sir; but at the same time I am not
disposed to give up the Constitution on that
account. What right would the Empire Stale,
vviih its four million people, its vast commerce,
its almost unexampled enterprise, have to set
tip any authority or exercise of power that did
not comport with the Constitution? I love the
State of Now York for the good that is in it,
while I am pained in reflecting upon the vices
that have been exhibited within its jurisdiction.
In years gone by, when the little baud of hu-
manitarian philosophers who advocated natu-
ral rights were beset by mobs, the conduct was
not creditable. At a later day, when the at-
tempt was made to murder forty or fifty unof-
fending colored men in a tobacco factory in
Brooklyn, it was not an effort to be com-
mended. At a still later day, when the riot-
ous mob. sympathizing with secession, mur-
dered the colored people in the streets of New
York, burned the colored orphan asylum, and
committed other atrocities of an infamous char-
acter, it was nothing to bo proud of. And
when again, sir, it was necessary to abstract
twenty-four thousand men from the army of
the Potomac to save the city of New York,
and Lee taking advantage of the circumstance
was enabled suddenly to reenlbrce Bragg with
thirty-two thousand men, which led to the dis-
aster of the brave anny of the Cumberland at
Chiekainauga. it becomes painful to reflect |
upon it. New York has as much to be proud j
of, and her people as much to be proud of, as j
any other Slate. That consists, however, of |
her liberalized policy, her true statesmanship, 1
her enterprise, her hospitality and amenities
to the people of other States, her care for the
education of her children, and her labor and
care to promote a truly Christian civilization.
These are things to he proud of. for these things
harmonize with the Constitution and exemplify
the beauties of republican government. I hope
the time may come, if it is not already the case,
that southern pride may have its foundation
permanently laid on what is right. And while
upon this subject, I will express the hope that
the young State of Nevada, which I have the
honor in part to represent, which has cher-
ished me, and which I love, will lay all its
foundations of future greatsess upon the im-
mutable principles of common justice. I trust
that is what the future of the State shall have,
reason to be proud of.
the war of races.
We are told a«ain and again. Mr. President,
that in case equal rights and the me&ns
39th Cons. 1st Srcss.—No. 68.
m r
maintaining those rights are awarded to the I
colored population in the South, " it will lead '
to a war of races." There has always been a
class of men ready to adopt the idea that the
peace of society can be best maintained by
thwarting justice. I am a slow believer in this
doctrine. I have formed my opinions from
very different postulates and premises. In my
simple method of reasoning, the opposite of
this rule is true. I must be permitted to main-
tain that in my Opinion strict and impartial
justice is the only basis of stable and perma-
nent peace in society. I think history furnishes
110 evidence to the contrary. If this hypothesis
cannot be maintained, then, indeed, is the moral
world in a poor condition. I have an example,
sir, that comes from a portion of the history of
the colored race that may not be unprofitable
to present to the Senate.
Mr. President, the world has heard much of the
horrors of San Domingo, ithasbeen prophe-
sied that in case the slaves of the South were set
free, we should again witness the horrors of
San Domingo. The horrors of San Domingo
has been made the goblin story to teach the
children of the South the necessity of riveting
the chains upon the slave so firmly as to allow
no escape. The horrors of San Domingo were
the very logic of slavery; almost as much so
as the designing perversion of truth about the
productions of J amaica. I now propose to give
a succinct account of these horrors, and- also,
what is infinitely of more importance to the-
Senate, the true cause of them. It was not
until recently that the records of authentic
French history, relating to the troubles in this
island, became known to the reading public.
During the political troubles in Prance this
island-was neglected. England and Spain un-
dertook to appropiiate it. The negroes organ-
ized under colored leaders of talent and drove
out the English and Spanish forces, conquered
the whole island, and declared and established
their freedom. The bravery and conduct of
the negroes was commended and applauded by
the French Government. The population that
had performed all this had been slaves. They
offered to restore the island to France on the
condition that they should not be rcenslaved.
Alter a series of negotiations, Napoleon, in an
evil hour, resolved on the subjugation of the
island, in connection with the project of re'en-
slaving the black population. It was through
the iniluence of the old slaveholders that this
measure was resolved on. An army of eighty
thousand was sent oat under Le Clerc. brother-
in-law of Bonaparte, to accomplish the object.
It is not necessary to go through the detail of hy-
pocritical negotiation on the part of the French
commander; sullice it to say, the blacks firmly
resolved (o maintain their freedom. The French
general thought that by severity of example he
could intimidate them into submission. He
treacherously got some of the leaders into his
power, and cruelly executed them. The atrocity
was retaliated. It grew to be a warfare of atrocity
and counter-atrocity that spared no enemy that
fell into the power of the opposing belligerents.
Humanity lias never witnessed a more sicken-
ing picture of brutality than what was in reality j
the horrors of San Domingo. At (he end of
this contest, •when Pauline returned to France
a widow, Napoleon said to her, "I gave you
an army of eighty thousand veterans—you re- i
turn to tell me the story of its destruction." It
may be profitable, sir, to contemplate the his-
tory of French atrocity in this island, for we
may yet live to see a similar policy undertaken
in our own country. It may be equally profit-
able to learn, that though the blacks, as a raco,_
are naturally peacable, they are capable of
being goaded into exasperation. I will now
put the question, had the ruling powers of
France been just to the blacks of this island,
how much better would it have been made lor
all parties?
I do not deem it impossible, sir, that we may
yet have something similar to the horrors of
San Domingo in this country; for the spirit of
slavery is the same everywhere. I do Hot deem
it impossible, for it "ia said that "men learn
little ex'eep'ttlirbtigh the teachings of calamity."
We have gone on,- sir, wisely or unwisely, con-
verting the colored population into beings of
power through military discipline. We have
taught one hundred and sixty thousand of thein
in the art of killing. We have, to Some eitent,'
instructed them in the rudiments of jnilitary
organization. As citizens of the United States
they have -equal right to protection, and to keep
and bear arms for self-defense. They have
long cherished the idea of liberty, and the na-
tion has awarded it. More than that, sir, the
colored man can point to his honorable stSars,
or to the grave of his companion in arms, and
say, "'We, too, have assisted in defending thle
Government." It must be a poor observer of
human nature who does not realizfe that the col-
ored people South can be goaded into desper-
ation. It is a more obtuse observer still who
does not comprehend the settled determina-
tion of the present forces, now coming into the
political foreground of the South, to establish
some species of local despotism whereby the
colored man's condition shall be kept perpet-.
u ally disparaged. In this probable cause* of
collision lies the danger ; and, sir, in my hum-
ble opinion it is the chief danger to be guarded
against.
Mr. President, while we are on this subject
of the "war of races" it may be well, perhaps,
to ventilate it more fully. I assert, sir, that-
nearly all the troubles that have ever existed
in this Union since the adoption of the Federal
Constitution have sprung directly or indirectly
from the war of race upon race. Slavery itself
is nothing else, never can" bo made anything
else, than a warfare of one race or class upon
another. The process of subjecting one race
or class to the arbitrary will of another ; to own
it as goods and chattels; to subject it to invol-
untary servitude; to deny it all natural right,
and then seek by all possible means, regardless
of any other consideration, to perpetuate such
bondage, amounts in the opinion of the world
to a warfare of " race upon race." It has been
fitly denominated "the sum of all iniquities."
When we come to trace this war of rac.? upon
race in its consequences, direct and colliteral,
the definition of Wesley will be established as.
the true one. &
In an economic point of view we can trace
its blighting influence and paralyzing effect on
the industries of States. Let the advocate of
human bondage tell us what it is that gave to
each man, woman, and child in Massachusetts
an average product of $1(50 per year, while the
per. capita in South Carolina was $.'16. What
made the difference between $156 in Ithode
Island and $05 in Louisiana; $104 in Con-
necticut and $fil in Georgia; §11? in Now
Hampshire and $56 in Alabama; $112in Now
York and $59 in Virginia; $99 in Pennsylva-
nia and $4!) in North Carolina; $120 in New
Jersey and SC7 in Mississippi; $90 in Vermont
and ipo-3 in Florida? 1 have cited from the
tables prepared by the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. OuTHiuitJ in his report on the finances
for 1836 and 1857, at the time he was Secretary
of the Treasury. I have drawn the compa ison
between States contiguous to market with sea-
port advantages. I do not think I shall incur
the hazard of denial when I assert that this wide
disparity springs dircctly from the war of race
upon race. This question of income from in-
dustry is an important one. It goes directly to
the subject of comfortable houses to live in,
comely raiment for the body, palatable food
for.the table, and education for the children.
I will now invite the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Davis,] who has dwelt so much on Ja-
maica, to turn his attention to the subject
- nearer home. When he shall have prepared
himself by calculation I hope he will be able
to inform the Senate how much tne slave SU :es
have lost in the last fifty years by their " war-
fare against race."
Mr. President, I come to another subject of
nearly, perhaps of quite equal importance. Re-
curring to the census statistics of 1850, and the
educational condition of the several States as
there exhibited, we find that in Maine nearly
