2994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
transfer them into the branches of the public
Treasury as a temporary loan and receive
interest upon them. I think it is time that this
whole business should be ended.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, 1 quite agree with the substance of
the remarks of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Boutwbll.] He will observe,
however, that the bill under consideration
applies only to disbursing officers. As he
has been informed, the committee have under
consideration the propriety of securing public
deposits now in the hands of the public depos-
itaries, and the only safe step at present, it
seems to me, is to provide for the deposit of
the public securities of the Government to the
full extent of the money of the Government de-
posited in their hands. For myself, I say that
within twelve months, or more speedily, if
the condition of the country will allow, and
the arrangements of business men will permit,
I am with the gentleman in favor of deposit-
ing the public money in the sub-Treasuries of
the United States. Those are the only places
in which public moneys should be placed.
1 agree thoumghly and entirely with the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that the present
system leads to a derangement of trade, and
to speculation.
Let me eite ail instance. The Government
of the United Slates lends its money to a bank-
ing institution, and that, bank goes out into the
market and with the Government's own money
buys up the Government notes aud the due.
bills of the Government, realizing upon them
six per cent. Now, what man would so con-
duet bis private business? And yet the public
money is absolutely at this day used for the
purpose of buying up the public securities mid
bills due twelve mouths ahead, ami upon those
public securities Ihe Government is still to pay
six per cent. So nefarious a system eauuot
last lontr.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, resumed
the lloor.
Mr. EARNSWORTII. "Will Ihegenlloman
from Massachusetts allow me to make :i state-
ment?
_ Mr. IIOOPEU, of Massachusetts. I will
yield for that purpose.
Mr. KARNSW OllTII. I wish to state a
fact, that I learned at the pay department not
long since. A disbursingoHieer in the city of
New York drew his check oil the Treasury for
six or seven hundred thousand dollars—I do
not remember the precise amount—and de-
posited it in a bank m Ihe city of New York,
which turned right round ami loaned the money
to the Government a%a high rale of interest.
The money was never actually taken out of the
Treasury, but Ihe cheek of this ollieer was
deposited in the bank and Ihe money loaned
to the Government.
1 agree, sir, with the, gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Randall,] that it is high time
that we put a stop to this depositing of the
Government funds in national banks, to ho
again loaned lo the Government, either by
disbursing ollieors or collectors of the revenue.
As has been stated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts. | Mr. Jim twkli.,] there are
plenty of dcposiloi ies, branches of the Treas-
ury. Let the funds as collected be deposited
there, and transferred to the Treasury of the
United States where they can he used by the
Government as it needs them, instead of being
used for speculative purposes by the banks.
1 hope some amendment will he made lo the
bill which will put a stop lo the entire system.
Mr. HOOPKli, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, the object, of this bill, as gentlemen
will see, i; merely to regulate the sate-keeping
of the public money intrusted to the disbursing
agents of the Government. In the bank bill
to which this discussion would properly apply
the gentlemen will ha 'e an opportunity to carry
out the purpose which they piupose. When
that bill comes up 1 think it will be seen that
there are some purposes for which it is expedi-
ent to use the national banks as depositories.
I move the previous question on the bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Let me offer my
amendment; I have now prepared it.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the previous question for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. My amendment is
as follows:
Add to section two the following:
" And upon conviction thereof shall he punished by
imprisonment for a term not tess than one year nor
moro than ten years, or by a fine not more than the
amount embezzled, nor less than 61,000, or by both,
such fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of the
court.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I renew
the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Wilson,
of Iowa, was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If it was
expedient, as I think it was, to add that amend-
ment to the second section of the bill, I think it
should also be added to the third section. 1 call
the attention of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson] to the matter, and I ask him whether
the third section does not require some amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not know
about that. My attention was called more
particularly to the second section.
Mr. HANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The
change suggested by thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] can be made by
unanimous consent.
No objection was made, and the bdl was
amended accordingly.
Mr. PLANTS. I would suggest, to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
another amendment which 1 think should be
made. This bill provides for the punishment
of any bank ollieer who shall receive on deposit
any public moneys in the charge of any dis-
bursing officer of the Government. I would
suggest, that the word ''knowingly" be inserted
before the word "receive."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I now
call the previous question on the passage of
the hill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider 'the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL STATIONS ON NORTHWESTERN LAKES.
ill-. BllANDEGEE, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs
a bill to provide for one or more naval stations
on the northwestern lakes, accompanied by a
report, in writing.
The bill was read a first and second time,
recommitted, and with the report ordered to
be printed.
CO(![ITS 01' WASHINGTON THtlRITOHY.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee on the
Judiciary Iloose bill No. 438, in relation to
the courts of Washington Territory.
1 he bill was read. The first, section author-
izes the supreme court of the Territory of
Washington to fix the times for holding the
supreme and district courts thereof at such
places as may bo designated by the laws of
said Territory.
The second section provides that the judges
of the district court shall appoint a clerk for
i ach court in the district, who shall reside and
keep his office at the place of holding said
court.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am instructed by
the Committee on the Judiciary to offer an
amendment to the second section. I move to
amend it by adding the following:
And exorcise the powers now provided by law for
the clerk of the supreme court of the Territory of
Washington, and be subject to all provisions of law
not inconsistent with this act, applicable to the clerk
of said supreme court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN STATE PAPERS.
Mr. IIAYES, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Library, reported a joint
resolution to authorize the distribution of sur-
plus copies of the American State Papers in
the custody of the Secretary of the Interior;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the Secretary of
the Interior to distribute by mail or otherwise
four hundred copies of the American State
Papers, second series, in seventeen volumes,
in the following manner, namely: to each mem-
ber of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the present Congress, one copy of
each of said seventeen volumes, and one copy
to each public or college library which may
be designated by the Joint Committee on the
Library.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. IIAYES moved to x'econsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill of
the following title: "An act (S. No. 203) to ena-
ble the Now York and Montana Iron Mining
and Manufacturing Company to purchase a cer-
tain amount of the public lands not now in
market;'1 when the Speaker signed the same.
INTKKEST IN NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Iteiolvvi, That the Committee on Hanking and Cur-
rency be instructed to inquire as to the propriety and
necessity ot amending the law under which national
banks are organized that the rate of interest charged
by such banks shall be uniform, so as to inflict upon
any association attempting to charge more than the
legal rate of interest such penalty as may be deemed
proper for the purpose of enforcing aeompliance with
the legal rate.
Mr. EGGLESTON and Mr. KELLEY de-
manded the regular order.
NAVAL DEPOT AT LEAGUE ISLAND.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
unfinished business of yesterday, being the con-
sideration of a bill (H. R. No. 452) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Navy to accept League
Island, in the river Delaware, for naval pur-
poses, on which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kisl-
j.ey] to consent that this bill be postponed until
after the morning hour, so that the regular re-
ports of committees may be received, and thus
the regular business of the morning hour will
not be interfered with.
Mr. KELLEY. Does the gentleman mean
that the bill shall be considered from day to
day until disposed of?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have no objec-
tion to that.
_ Mr. KELLEY. I had hoped that the con-
sideration of this matter might be closed
