3954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
When the fact of the existence of a letter of
this description was brought to theattention of
the Senate some time ago I expressed great
surprise, and stated, as well as I recollect, that
I could hardly believe that it was an official
letter, and i thought that the Secretary, in
directing it to be published, as would seem to
be the case, had acted with great imprudence,
to say tlie least of it. Now, the Secretary tells
us:
Some timo in April last I received, among unoffi-
cial letters upon political questions from citizen's at
home and abroaxl, one of tins character, wliic-h was
addressed to myself personally, and which bears date
the LMth. of JIaruIi last, from James E. Harvey, Esq."
The letter was intended to be a private com-
munication to the Secretary of State. The
writer never contemplated that it should be
published. It was written evidently with no
such design : but, as the Secretary says, il was
precit'Jy like various other letters of the same
kind that he had received from persons abroad,
persons either in or out of official connection
with the Govfrnmeut. The Secretary tells us
that he showed this letter to the President, and
the President suggested that; it might be asweil
to publ^'i it. and that he published it in con-
sequence of that -uggestion.
The Secretary goes on further to say that if
anybody is to he blamed it is not the writer.
Clearly, the blame is to fall, if at all, on the
Socre'ary tat J President for sanctioning it: but
in publishing the letter the Secretory says he
had not the slightest idea that it contained any
reflection upon Congress or any member of
Congress. lie looked upon it as containing
a mere expression of opinion upon the polit-
ical condition of the country, without dreaming
that it euuld be tortured—1 do not use his lan-
guage. hut the substance—into an attack upon
Co •
Xnw. v.-ith due deference to the Secretary
and to the Pre :ident. I think they made a great
bhtndor in publishing the letter. It is a letter
th.it .ever should hare been published, look-
ing to tlie relations in which the Executive
St. uus to Congress, and it is a letter that
never should have been published looking to
the character of the letter, it being a private
one <>om the writer to the Secretary of State.
It w;.; published without consulting the writer,
and • have every reason to believe, from my
knowledge of the man. that if he had been
con, :bed Le w.-ii-iJ ]:uv« refused positively to
allow it t> begs .'en to the public. I agree,
therefor.*. v.'.tli the honorable member from
Ohio j_Mr. WaI/e] that it is not right to base
any action as. against the writer of this letter
on the fact that without his authority, and con-
trary to what I think propriety demanded, the
letter has been given to the public. He has,
as far as I know, very faithfully discharged his
duties. The honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations perhaps knows
that better than 1 do : but 1 have never heard
any complaint urged against him in relation
to the manner in which his duties have been
discharged. The House of Representatives
proposed to abolish the mission. That it was
found. I suppose, could not be done, and the
committee of conference have adopted another
measure, and tiv.t is to prevent the incumbent
of the- mission from being paid at all for his
service-,
Mr, SI }JXER. Any farther services.
Mr. JOIIXSOX. That is he is to remain
there without pay. or, if he cannot remainthcre
without pay. he is to resign upon compulsion.
. It «oems to irie to he unjust. I do not speak it
in reieri-!ie« to my .-elf, for I am not in the habit
of i.'i iting priv.-ue 'letters, but I can very we'll
imagine tgeniiemen of warm political tem-
per. ;n and oul of public lii'o, write letters which
are intended to bm-oniidential letters that should
held a - eoii-i'dontial. without dreaming that
they are % io.'ating any duty which they owe to
the CoM-i-nnieut or to any member of the Gov-
ernment.** li -ocm.- t:> mi! that what has been
, done l>y®<- eoinhiiit.'e of conference is not
•called for ny th-' ;;
incumbent is jjlae
Mr. WADE, i hope wo shall not pursue
•tnai condition in which the !
this subject any further. I certainly do not
sympathize with the sentiments of that letter
any more than any gentleman upon this floor
does: but when I consider the way in which it
came before the public, when it was evidently
designed as a confidential letter, it seems to
me we ought to take no action upon it. Be-
sides, how much worse is the man who wrote
that letter than they who approved of fts sen-
timents and sent it to us, and. who are now in
the jjay of the United States, and will be proba-
bly tor a long time ? Sir, the sentiments m that
letter certainly deserve no more reprehension
from the Senate than the conduct of those who
have approved of those sentiments and sent
them before the world. If we are to take the
pay from one, why not apply the principle to
all who concur in these sentiments and who
are hostile to the principles we hold, and who
have sent the letter here? Arc they not as
much to blame as he who wrote it? There
is no difference between them in that particu-
lar ; and if the conduct of the minister is so
reprehensible that his pay should bo stopped
because he wrote the letter, then those who
received the letter and approved and pub-
lished it, when it was written as a confidential
one, are just as reprehensible as the man who
wrote it. I think Congress had better drop
the subject.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. T regret that this pro-
vision is inserted in the report of the committee
of conference: and I have no idea that if it
could have been avoided the committee on the
part of the Senate would have consented to it.
| The reason of my regret is that I think it is
! rather undignified for us to notice anything of
j that sort coming from a minister. But 1 un-
, derstand from the chairman of the committee
' of conference on the part of the Senate that
the question was simply to abandon the bill or
have some provision of that sort.
Mr. SCMXEI1. That was so.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. That being the case.
I do not see that there is anything left to us but
, to do one of two things, either abandon the bill
or let this provision remain: and I shall vote
; to pass the bill, although I should prefer not
I to have this clause in it. That is the simple
question before the Senate, and therefore I
shall vote for the acceptance of the report of
the committee of conference.
As I said on a former occasion, I think that
if we paid any attention to this letter, we could
not have avoided coming to the conclusion that
it was intended to be a severe reflection upon
Congress, or upon a certain portion of Con-
gress. That is as manifest as anything can be.
Mr. JOHXSON. There is no doubt of it.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. There is no doubt of
it, as the Senator from Maryland says. How
the Secretary of State could have read the let-
ter and not have known that is a mystery to
me. Probably he did not think it worthy of
much attention or much notice, and therefore
did not give his mind to it. He says he pub-
lished it at the suggestion of the President.
Although I agree that it is hardly worth
while for us as a Congress to notice the letter
in this way, I think there is no mistaking its
character. It was written evidently because
the wi iter thought that byputfing the President
and the Secretary of State and praising their
course and abusing those in Congress who did
not agree with them, that he would please the
Secretary of State, ingratitate himself with that
officer and secure his position. I presume that
is all there is of it; and ho wrote the letter not
for publication unquestionably, but simply for
the attainment of that purpose. He was willing
to do it with that view. Jsow, whatever I
think of the minister who would do such a thing,
I certainly should agree with those Si nalors
who say that it was hardly worth while for
Congress to take any notice of it. I f the serine
of propriety which was due to a coordinate de-
partment of the Government did not of itself
induce his removal and the appointment, of
somebody else by the proper authorities, it
would have been bettor for Congress to pass
it over in silence, especially as it is evident
that the letter was not intended for publica-
tion. But it got out; it was seen lit to publish
it; the name oi' the writer was given, and per-
haps some notice could hardly be avoided.
Though I entertain my own private opinion,
which I now make public, [laughter,] in ref-
erence to the character of the letter itself, I
do not think it worth while to lose an impor-
tant bill on a provision which the House insist
upon inserting here.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine
has not stated the case too strongly. I do not
know that I shall not be justified in speaking
freely of what passed in the committee of con-
ference considering the point that has been
made. When we came together, the chairman
on the part of the House made haste to let us
know that unless we accepted the proposition
from the House on this subject the committee
might as well be dissolved without proceeding
any further. We were therefore driven to con-
sider that question at the outset. It occurred
to the committee of the Senate that even if they
could come into the views of the House at all,
the form adopted by the House was not proper.
After some conversation that form was amended
to read according to the words at the desk, and
as thus amended it was agreed to by the com-
mittee on the part of theSenate. Itwasagreed
to on their part to save the bill, and in economy
of time, feeling that they would not be justified
in coming back to the Senate and reporting a
disagreement, compelling both Houses to con-
stitute new committees with the same question
to be presented by another committee on the
part of the House.
You will bear in mind, sir, therefore, that
this question was not originally presented by
the Senate ; it came from the House; and what
you have now before you was the compromise
reached by your committee after considerable
discussion, and, all things considered, it was
the best form in which, in the view of your
committee, the question could lie put.
I do not know that I need say anything further:
but I will make one remark in reply to the Sen-
ator from Maryland. He dwells particularly
on the character of this letter as not intended
for publication. He will bear in mind, how-
ever, that it was addressed to the Secretary of
State; that itwas by him communicated to the
President; and that at the suggestion of the
President it was communicated to the public.
It may not have been originally intended by
the writerfor publication: probably it was, as is
commonly called, a private letter; but through
the instrumentality of the President and of the
Secretary of State it found its way before the
public. Congress was thus arraigned by this
public servant in a foreign country, and the
Representatives of the people in the other
House felt themselves justified in taking steps,
so far as tliey could, to remove that function-
ary from the public service. They felt that the
writer of such a letter as that ought not to be
in the public service at this time, especially
when that letter had found its way into print
through the agency of the President and of the
Secretary of State. L think, to a certain ex-
tent, they were justified in that conclusion. I
do not say that if I had had the honor of being
a member of the other House I should have
taken any steps to originate the proceedings
which they adopted ; but I must say that I do
sympathize with them in thinking that the
writer of such a letter, setting forth such sen-
timents, and thus hostile to (luxe principles
which we, the majority of the Congress of the
United States, regard as essential to the public
welfare ought not to hold office abroad. I do
not wish any such man to speak for our coun-
try in a foreign land.
Bat. sir, this whole discussion seems to mo
a good deal out of place. The question is on
the report of the committee of conference,
which involves a ^reat many matters, of which
this is only one. and involves the fate of the
hill.
Mr.-.l f O \V Ai'l). Mr. President, it has been
remarked that the Setter under consideration
was published at the request or suggestion of
