THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
, Mr. RAYMOND. I prefer then that a vote
.be taken On my resolution, as I offered it, and
subsequently one can be offered to cover all
the cases which the gentleman refers to.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to
that.
The,previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered j and being put, the
resolution was adopted.
NEW JERSEY COAST.
Mr. NEWELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
jResolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire whether any further, and. what,
moans arc neeessary for the better preservation of
life and property from shipwreck along the coast of
New Jersey between Sandy Hook and Great Egg
Harbor, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
PUBLIC DEBT.
- Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, submitted
the following resolution, upon which he de-
manded the previous question:
-fte«ofr>ecZt(asthesensc of this House,) That the public
debt created during the late lebollion was contracted
upon the faith and honor of the nation; that it is sa-
cred and inviolate, and must and ought to bo paid,
principal and interest: and that any attempt to repu-
diate, or in any manner to impair or scalo the said
debt, should bo universally discountenanced by the
people, and promptly rejected by Congress if proposed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered j which was upon agree-
ing to the resolution.
Mr. BKANDEGrEE callcd for the yeas and
nays.
' The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon agreeing
to the resolution; and it was decided in the afiirm-
ative—yeas 102, nay 1, not voting l'J; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Amos, Ancona, An-
derson, James M. Ashcy, i3aker, Baldwin, Banks,
Barker, Baxter, Boamsui, Benjamin, Bergen, Bid-
well, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutweli, Boycr,
Brandcgcc, Bromwcll, Broomall, Ijuckland, Bundy,
Chanksr, Reader W. Ciaike, Sidney Clark, Cobb,
Oonkling, Cook, Oul]om,_ Culver, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Dcfrccs, Delano, Dcmin^, Denicon,
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Lcklcy, E£2teston,
Eliot, Varnswortii, Farquhar, Kerry, lhnek, Uariield,
Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grinnell, Griswold, Halo,
Abncr C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Highy,
Hill, Hogan, llolmes, Hooper, Uotohki&s, A>ahcl \\ .
Hubbard, Che.-tor D. Hubbard, Demas Uubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbcll, James It. llub-
boll, ilulburd, James Humphrey, James M. Hum-
phrey, Ingersoli, Jenckes, Johnson-, Julian, K.is-
Kon, KelLoy, Kelso, Kerr, Kctchum, Kuykendal),
Lafiin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rcnoe, Loan, Lom-'year, iHaiscoii, Marvm, ^.leCiuig,
McCulloch, ile[udoe, McKoo, McRner, Alevcur,
Miller, iUoorhead, Moriiil, MoirK Aloulton, AI>crs,
Newell, Kiblaek, l\ieho3son, Nocll, 0 Xeili, Uitli,
Pame, PaUerson, Pevham, Pheii s, Pike, Plants,
Pomcroy, Price, lladi'ord, Samuel J. Randall, YVil-
liam H. Randall, llaymond, Alexander II. iiicc, Ho-
get*, 31 olliji>  ilo.-so, aw3 ei, ochenek, Stoke! d, 6hank-
lin, Shollabarao.r, SitgTcav e«, Sloan, iSimth, Spald-
ing, Starr, Elevens, Stiilwell, Strouse, Tabor, 'ilu<yer,
Francis '.Ihonms, John L. Thomas, Thornion, Tiosv-
bmU'c, Upson, ihirf Van liorn, Ward, Warner, Eiihu
B. Vv ashburne, William B."Washburn, Welker. Went-
worih. Whalcy, Williams, James P. Wilson, Wiiidom,
"Winfield, and Wrijrht—162.
N A \r—jSI v. 'Tr hn b 1 e—1.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Brooks,
Eldndge, Under, Anion Barding. iJarri-J, Jones, Lc
Biond, Lynch, r.larsh.til, John H. Race, Jliiter, Ituus-
soau. Ta> lor. Van Aerrium, Robert T. Van Horn,
Voorhees, Stephen i<\ Wii.^un, and Woodbridge—1'J.
So the resolution was agreed to.
REBEL DRT5T.
Mr. STEVENS introduced the following
joint resolution; wliieh was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, when the same
shall have been appointed:
Unsolved b>/ the Senate and House of Tl<~presentatives
of (he Lhi'tal State* in Cod'/rfvs abzcmolcd, That the
following: amendment to tae Constitution of the Uni-
ted States shall be proposed, and when ratified by
the_Lo<iisla,lures of three fourths of the States shall be
valid to all intents and purposes as pait of the Con-
stitution of the United States:
Neither tho United States nor anv State in the
Union shall ever assume or pay any part of tho debt
of the so-called confederate States of America, or
of any State, contracted to carry on war with the Uni-
ted States.
EXPOIIT DUTIES.
Mr. STEVEN'S also introduced the follow-
ing joint resolution 5 which was read a first. and
seeohd time, and ordered to bo referred to the >
Committee on the Judiciary, when the same shall
have been appointed:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
in. Congress assembled. That the following amendment
to the Constitution of the United States shall be pro-
posed, and when ratified by the Legislatures of three
fourths of the States shall bo valid to ail intents and
purposes as part of tho Constitution of tho United
States:
Amend the ninth section of tho first.articlo by ex-
punging &o much thereof as says, "No tax or duty
shall be laid on articles exported from any State."
APPORTIONMENT OP REPRESENTATION.
Mr. STEVENS also introduced the following
joint resolution ; which was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, when the same
shall have been appointed :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That the following amendment to tho
Constitution of the United States shall be proposed to
the several States, and when ratified by the Legisla-
tures of three fjurths of the States shall be valid to
all intents and purposes as part of the Constitution of
tho United States:
Representatives shall be apportioned among the
States which may be within the Union according to
their respective legal voters: and for this purpose
noncyhallbcnamcd as legal voters who arc not either
natural-bom citizens or naturalized foreign eis. Con-
gress shall provide for ascertaining the number of said
voters. A true census ol the legal voters shall be
taken at the same time with the regular census.
EQUALITY BEFORE THE LAW.
Mr. STEVENS also introduced the following
joint resolution; which was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, when the same
shall have been appointed :
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
in (bnc/ras tme/idded, That the following amendment
to the Constitution of the United Stated shall bo pio-
posed. and when latiiicd by the Legislatures of three
fourths or the States shall bo vnliu to ail intents end
purposes as part of tho Constitution of tho United
States:
Article XIII. All national and State laws shall
be equally applicable to every citizen, and no dis-
eimihicitiun shall bo made 011 account of race and
color.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the several joint
resolutions just introduced by him be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PHILIP EPSTIN, IIEIiMAN SOMERS, ETC.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following res-
olution : •
Jlesohed, That tho Secretary ofVfar bo dircetcd to
eommunicatc to thL: JI'-iuic all the papers and testi-
mony relating to the cIp 1m of Philip Et^tin, Herman
Somcr*. M. David, Julius Louis, ;;nd Henry Steen,
iceintly invcf-ti/ciied by Colonel ISicodemus, under
direction of the War Department.
Mr. WASIIBUHNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know the particular object of having
these papers copied and sent here.
]\L*. JOHNSON. My object is to introduce
a bill for tho cbiim. It has been invest.ignted
by Colonel Nicodemns, by direction of the
Secretary of War. Hut under the rules of the
Department the parties are not permitted to
examine that record. I desire to have tho^e
papers brought here for the purpose of en-
abling me to submit a bill to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr.' WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know the peculiar facts of the case, but I
would suggest to the eentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Johnson j to modiiy his resolu-
tion so that it shall read, uif not incompatible
with the public interest."
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to
that, and will modify my resolution accordingly.
The resolution as modified was then agreed to.
SUFFRAGE IN THE DISTRICT OF COLOMBIA.
Mr. KELT/BY, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill extending the right, of
suffrage in the District of Columbia: which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
COMjIUNICATION I'll0^1 THE PRESIDENT.
_ Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois, from the
joint commiUee of both Houses appointed to
wait upon the "President of th'e United States and
inform him that both Houses were organized and
prepared to receive any communication he de-
sired to make, reported that the committee had
performed that duty, and that the President had
stated that he would communicate by message
to both Houses immediately.
ANNUAL MESSAGE OF THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Colonel
Robert Johnson, his Private Secretary.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the annual message of the
President of the United States, which was read.
[The message will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
PRINTING OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the annual message of the President be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that the usual number
of extra copies of the message and accompany-
ing documents be printed. On that motion I
demand the previous question. •
Several Members. What is the usual num-
ber?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Twenty
thousand.
Mr. SCHENCK. Make it fifty thousand. -
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The mo-
tion necessarily goes to the Committee on
Printing, who can fix any number they please.
Mr. SCHENCK. We may as well indicate
•our preference for a larger number.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
I accept the suggestion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexck,] and modify my motion
so as to name fifty thousand as the number to
be printed. I renew my demand for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered j and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion of Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote just taken 5 and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
- DECEASE Of PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois._ I ask
unanimous consent to offer the following reso-
lution, which is in accordance with the prece-
dents in cases of similar melancholy character:
Resolued. That a committee of one member from
each State represented m this House bo unpointed on
the part of this House to join such committee as may
be appointed 011 the part of the Senate, to consider
and report by what token of respect ond atTection it
may bo proper for the Con^re^ of (he United State> to
express the deep sensibility oi the nation to the event
ot the decease oi their late President, Abraham Lin-
coln, and that so much ot the incssajroof the Pie-i-
dent as refers to that melancholy event be icferred to
said committee.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
BASIS OF CONGRESSIONAL REPRESENTATION.
Mr. BROOMALL introduced a joint reso-
lution to alter the Constitution of the United
States, so as to base the representation in Con-
gress upon the number of electors, instead of
the population, of the several States: which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE. '
Mr. WILLTAMS submitted the _ following
resolution, and demanded the previous ques-
tion 011 its adoption:
Resolved, That the ceitifi^ntc find nil other ropers
relating to the election in thosix^ernib concne.—ional
district of Pennsylvania be referred to the Committee
of Elections, (v Tli'*n appointed, > vrirh ins-hue lions to
report at as earlyadav as practicable which of tho
claimants to the vacant s"at from 1 hat district has
p. facic the li^ht (hereto, re-T\ iuq; lo the other
party the piivile<re of oonte- tii;<? the case on iN mer-
its without prejudice from lapse of time or want of
notice.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. ASHLEY", of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the \ ote just tak^n; and also moved that the
motion to teconsider be laid upon ihe table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
