1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2035
influence the judgment of the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts upon a question of this kind is
for him to determine. I think Professor Whit-
ney, in his letter, if I did not misunderstand its
scope, admits that he is interested in this sub-
ject, and seems to doubt whether or not the
Senator himself would not think that his inter-
est might preclude his giving a proper consid-
eration to his statement.^ But I have always
understood that we decided these questions,
not upon the fact as to whether there was a
certain amount of mineral resources in the
mountains of a Territory,' but upon the ground
that there was human population enough in the
Territory to support a State organization ; and
whatever maybe the opinions of either of those
distinguished citizens from Massachusetts on a
subject of this kind, they would havevery little
influence with me.
The Senator says that he thinks he is bound
by the action of the Senate, inasmuch as we
have passed an enabling act authorizing these
people to form a State constitution. We did.
They made an effort to form a State constitu-
tion, but did not succeed. There was the end
of that transaction; our enabling act was func-
tus officio; it died the moment the other party
refused to recognize the proposition that we
laid down ; and now we stand entirely uncom-
mitted upon this subject. I understand that
the Senator himself, in the latter part of his
remarks, admitted as much as this when he
spoke of the irregularities in their attempt to
be admitted into the Union.
But the Senator says that his colleague did
not object, or did not put any limitations upon
the people of Colorado so as to compel them
to send here a constitution that would not pre-
clude colored men from voting. Why, sir,
does not the Senator know that we have all
made vast progress since 1803? lias not the
Senator himself made vast progress since then ?
Have wc not declared emancipation through-
out the whole land? Arc we to be governed
by the same principles that we acted upon at
that time? Now, what attitude are we placed
in here? I think the Senator from Massachu-
setts will vote with me, whenever we shall get
an opportunity, to allow colored people to vote
under certa.in circumstances ; and yet here he
commits himself to the theory, in the face of
the Senate and of the country, and he indorses
it by his vote; that it is proper for a State to
be admitted into the Union with a perpetual
exclusion of all the colored people within the
jurisdiction of that State from voting. Does
it not strike the Senator as being somewhat
inconsistent? With what sort of a face can he
get up here to-morrow and insist that the people
of the State of Virginia or the people of the State
of Tennessee shall allow certain classes of the
population in those States to vote when he
says that it is competent and proper for the
people of the Territory of Colorado to forever
exclude the colored population of that State
from voting? Mr. President, I do not con-
sider myself bound by any past action of Con-
gress to give so inconsistent a vote as that;
and never, so long as I occupy a seat on this
floor, will I consent to do it.
Now, with regard to the population in this
Territory, everybody has the privilege to draw
his own deductions from his own information
on this subject, for we have not any official
information in regard to it. Hitherto, when
Territoricssoughtto be admitted into the Union
as States, there was an enumeration of the
population. There has been none here. One
man draws one conclusion from the facts that
are presented to his mind, and another an-
other. I draw my conclusion from the votes
that have been given in the Territory at the
regular annual elections from the foundation
of the Territory to this moment; and taking
that as a basis—and I think that it is the most
accurate I can find—I come to the conclusion
that there are not to exceed fifteen thousand
people in the Territory of Colorado. Now, ;
if you are going beyond this record, if 3*ou are ;
going to accept the opinions of Toin, Dick, !
and Harry who may come here from Colorado,
I will state what a gentleman told me—a very
intelligent gentleman now of Montana, but
formerly of my State, who left Montana in
March, and who told me the day before yes-
terday that he believed there were six thou-
sand of the citizens of Colorado then on their
way to Montana and to Idaho.
Mr. SUMNER. I have heard the same.
Mr. GRIMES. And that he did not believe
there was more than two thirds the population
in Colorado at this moment that there was dur-
ing the last winter. I do not ask anybody to
accept that statement of the gentleman. 1 do
not adopt it myself. It may be true or it may
be false. I prefer to rely upon what is authen-
tic, what wc know to be facts, namely, the votes
that have been given at the various elections
in Colorado year by year, ever since she was
erected into a Territory; and if there be any-
thing like the same proportion of voters to pop-
ulation in that Territory that there is ordinarily
in a Territory, then I am ij-resistibly driven to
the conclusion that there cannot be to exceed
fifteen thousand people in the Territory.
Now, sir, as I said the other day, I am not
quite willing to say that a population of that
size and of that description shall be entitled to
come into the Senate and be represented, and
have the same power in our deliberations as
the State of New York or Ohio or Pennsylva-
nia; nor am I quite willing to give such an
inconsistent vote as I think I should be giving
if i should indorse this constitution of the State
of Colorado to-day, and then to-morrow come
into the Senate under the leadership of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and undertake to
confer the elective franchise upon colored peo-
ple in the seceded States.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the ques-
tion before the Senate, as I understand it, is
on taking this proposition up ; and the Senate
will remember that in what 1 said I confined
myself precisely to that, point. I assigned two
specific reasons why this matter should not be
proceeded with to.-day. I did not undertake,
the Senate will remember, to go into the gen-
eral question ; I did not touch it. I made no
allusion to the enabling act, no allusion to the
population, and no allusion even to the con-
stitution except so far as was needful to exhibit
the glaring inconsistency of proceeding to rec-
ognize such a constitution on such a day as
this. That was all that I said.
My excellent colleague, in reply to me,
undertook to open the whole case. He has
reminded you of the resources and the min-
eral wealth of Colorado. He has alluded to
its population, and he has also invoked that
ancient, departed, extinct enabling act. Had
my colleague been in his seat when on a former
occasion this question was amply discussed in
all its parts, when that enabling act was ex-
posed thoroughly, and it was shown that it had
by no possibility any application to the present
case, he would not have introduced that point;
certainly he would not have introduced it by
way of showing any inconsistency on iny part,
for on that occasion I fully met that suggestion
and there was no one here to answer.
Why, sir, the Senator from Iowa has already
told you that the enabling act had expired. I
have it before me; I will not read it; Sena-
tors are familiar with it. It authorized certain
proceedings to constitute a new State. Those
proceedings were had and they failed, and the
enabling act then and there failed and came to
an end. All the obligations of Congress under
that enabling act then and there ceased. That
enabling act is at this moment of no value so
far as this question is concerned ; it cannot be
cited ; it is useless to read it. It is simply a
record of a past consent given by Congress,
which, however, failed to be acted upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No. 238.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts will be allowed to proceed to
finish his remarks on this subject, and that the
other business will be laid over informally. •
Mr. SUMNER. I should rather the other
business should go on. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. House bill
No. '238^is before the Senate in the absence of
any motion to postpone.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to postpone all
prior orders and proceed with the considera-
tion of this question.
Mr. CLARK. I can only express the hope
that that will not be agreed to by the Senate,
because it will be remembered that we had up
the habeas corpus bill yesterday and proceeded
with it to a considerable extent, and it was to
come up in its regular order this morning, and
I hope we shall be able now to finish that bill.
When that shall have been done, I shall have
no objection to any other bill coming up; but
I do not like to have it interrupted in this way.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that the Senator
from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] will allow a
motion to be interposed here that the further
consideration of the motion to reconsidcr (if
that is up) be postponed until a day certain.
It had better be fixed for some day next week,
when it may be disposed of. If we continue
the consideration of the Colorado question now,
it will take the whole day.
Mr. POMEROY. My object was merely to
take the vote on the reconsideration now, and
then settle a time for the consideration of the
bill.
Mr. CLARK. The question of reconsider-
ation will lead to debate. I am perfectly will-
ing to allow it to be taken up for the purpose
of fixing its consideration for some future day,
but not to have the motion to reconsider dis-
cussed at this time. I am aware that that
motion will lead to discussion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly it will.
Mr. CLARK. I was not here when the
Colorado bill was up and considered by the
Senate before, and I should not feel myself,
though I do not wish to delay the Senate, like
letting the vote be reconsidered without some
opposition to it. But I do not urge that as a
reason why it should not be taken up. What
I desire is that we should keep to the order of
business, and finish one thing at a time, and
not lap one upon the other. If it can be taken
up and assigned for some given time, when we
can come at it considerately and with the under-
standing that we are to take it up at that time,
I am entirely agreed, because that will facili-
tate the business of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. If it can be taken up and
made the special order for to-morrow at one
o'clock, I am willing. I only want to dispose
of the question.
Mr. CLARK. If it can be considered as
the general sentiment of the Senate, that it
may come up and be made the special order
for some future time, I shall agree.
Mr. CONNESS. I intended this morning
to vote for taking this subject up with the
special view of postponing it until the begin-
ning of the next week, when there will proba-
bly be a full Senate; and I think the wholp
Senate is agreed to that. I hope that will be
done. It is not a matter of much consequence
whether a reconsideration shall proceed to-
day or not, if a day be fixed for its considera-
tion. I hope the friends of the measure, or
whoever has it in charge, will agree to fix its
consideration for Monday, Tuesday, or Wed-
nesday of next week, when there will be a full
Senate. I have objected to taking up this
question for two or three days past, particu-
larly while the Senator from Maine, who is ill,
[Mr. Fessexden,] is absent, because I knew
that ho felt great interest in the subject, and
desired to be present when it is considered.
I hope that a day will be named by those who
have the measure in charge, say Tuesday or
"Wednesday of next week.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to postpone all present and prior orders in
order to continue the subject which was laid
aside at the expiration of the morning hour.
