1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2995
to-day, so as not farther to interfere with the
regular business of the House. This bill has
been the general order since the 8d of March
last, and I hope the gentleman will not object
to our going on with the consideration of this
bill at once.
The SPEAKER. Unless by unanimous
consent, if this matter is postponed until after
the morning hour of to-day, the reconstruction
measures, being special orders of an anterior
date, will have priority.
Mr. KELLE Y. I should hesitate very much
about consenting to anything that might put
this bill out of its regular position.
Mr. PIKE. I object to any postponement
of the regular order.
Mr. K-ELLEY. Mr. Speaker, the bill now
under consideration is one reported by the
Committee on Naval Affairs of this House
after very mature consideration and elaborate
examination for the purpose of giving legis-
lative sanction to a well-considered and often-
expressed wish of our late President and of
the present Secretary of the Navy. Indeed, I
may say the entire Navy as well as the Depart-
ment deem the acquisition of the magnificent
donation offered by the city of Philadelphia a
question of almost vital importance to the
future Navy of the country.
The attention of Congress was called to this
question by the Secretary of the Navy as early
as the 25th of March, 1862, by a letter ad-
dressed by him to the Naval Committee; and
from that time to this he has made no annual
communication to Congress in which he has
not pressed upon its attention the importance
of the subject. In addition to these annual
communications lie has twice communicated
specially wilh the Naval Committee, and once
with the House through the Speaker, to urge
the acceptance of League Island for a fresh-
water naval station.
This is not a local project. It was not sug-
gested by the constituency I have the honor to
represent, or the great city of which it is a
part. The attention of that community was
drawn to it by the Navy Department, which,
having spnt forth a commission to ascertain
tlie most available site for an establishment
for the repair and laying up iron vessels, the
one that combined the most advantages with
the fewest disadvantages, and having had its
attention directed to League Island by that
commission, inquired of the mayor of "Phila-
delphia as to how title could be acquired to
the island. The response of the mayor, in the
name of the city, not only gave the requisite
information but was coupled with a tender of
the island as a gift to the Government for
naval purposes.
The question was then brought to the atten-
tion of Congress by the Secretary and Presi-
dent, and was acted upon ; but unhappily for
the country it was, in view of certain local, and,
as was supposed, rival interests, coupled with
a provision for a commission of inquiry, such
as I am informed will be again suggested to
the House to-day as a dilatory measure. The
commission resulted in a report made by hon-
orable and intelligent gentlemen, and hon-
estly made by the majority of them, which for
ludicrousness of misstatement—if it were not
for the gravity of the matter—has never been
equaled in a state paper. The report was false
in fact, false in inference, and false in con-
clusion, and was regretted, sir, by several of
the distinguished men who signed it as pro-
foundly as it can be by any man.
Do gentlerflftn ask how such a result could
be obtained at such hands? I answer, we
know something of the effect of a skillful re-
sort to parliamentary rules ; we know some-
thing of the results of political jugglery or
shr#wd political management; and we under-
stand how resolutions adopted by that com-
mission in the outset of its investigations that
all questions of engineering and of physical
facts should be referred to a corrupt or par-
tisan engineer, led to the unhappy results to
•which I allude.
I will illustrate, sir, the corruptness, for he
is not ignorant, of the engineer to whom those
questions were referred. One of them was the
question of the relative population lying witlfiu
a given area adjacent to two designated points,
New London and Philadelphia. That engineer
reported (and this error runs through and col-
ors the whole report) that New Loudon had a
much larger population within the given area
than Philadelphia, because it embraced the
immense population of the city of New York
as a contiguous city; while there is not a gen-
tleman on this floor who does not know that
from Philadelphia to New York the distance
is ninety miles, while from New York to New
London the distance is one hundred and fifty
miles; that the running time between Phila-
delphia and Now York is less than four hours,
while the running time between New York
and New London i< about six hours.
Mr. HALE. \\ ill the gentleman permit me
to ask him to name the gentlemen who consti-
tuted the commission of which he speaks?
Mr. KELLE1*'. i will do so: and [ will
inform my friend that some of the gentlemen
who signed the majority report now regret
having done so: and it was by one of them
that my attention was called to the matter of
which ! have just spoken, he having seen the
absurd consequences of the statements pre-
sented by the engineer. 'J he gentlemen con-
stituting the commission were Professor Bacho,
the chief of the Coast Survey, Commodore
Gardner, Commodore Ktriugham, Commodore
Van Brunt, and Captain Marston, and \V. P.
S. Sanger, civil engineer. Piulcssor Bacho,
who understood eiigmeeiing very thoroughly,
and Captain Mai'hton, made a report dissent-
ing fiom that of the majority. ^
lu this connection my attention has been
called to a pamphlet, the production of a gen-
tleman the victim of a monomania, who be-
lieves it. to bo his mission to force the United
States Government to establish its station Cor
iron vessels in salt water at a beautiful sea-side
village which is so exposed to sea airs in peace
and foreign assault in war that no enterprising
New England manufacturer has ever ventured
to start a manufactory there—New London,
which may have a village blacksmith shop,
but which has not and never has had a manu-
factory ; which by the census of 18<;0 was found
to h&ve a population of 11.100 men, women,
and children, being some thousands less than
the number of skilled workmen m metals then
found in the city ot Philadelphia. That enthu-
siast or monomaniac tells us that that commis-
sion reported against League Island and in
favor of New London, and lie tells us that the
report was made by a commission one half of
whom were Philadelphians. Sir, it was made
by four officers of the United States Navy, one
citizen of this District of Columbia, the dis-
tinguished chief of the Coast Survey, who had
resided here for more than twenty-one years,
and one civil engineer, and it is only true that
one of those naval oilicers resided in Phila-
delphia.
That report, Mr. Speaker, false as it was in
fact, theory, and conclusion, and deplored as
its effects have been by some of those who
signed it, prevented Congress from accepting
the proposed gift, and led to a more thorough
investigation of the subject.
Tlie commission, misled by the engineer in
whom it had confided, reported that League
Island was a mass of alluvium deposited by
two rivers at their confluence. Careful inves-
tigation, illustrated by boring the island, as Mr.
Sanger would not do, though frequently soli
cited thereto, at numerous points over the five
hundred acres of its surface, has shown that it
has a surface of three feet to three feet mid a
half of clay, and then a substratum, of clay
laminated with fine sand, and that at from
twenty to twuiitj-five feet you come upon
coarse gravel ai^l boulder.-. Thus science has
verified the assertions at which that commission
sneered, that in 1690 the London Land Com-
pany acquired title to League Island, known in
the language of the day as "cripple land," sig-
nifying land which is in part covered by the
tide and in part overgrown with sturdy oalts
and other trees of the forest. League Island
is part of the mam land of Pennsylvania, and not
an accumulation of alluvial deposit, as that
commission, misled by a corrupt or partisan
engineer, reported.
That report, so unfounded in fact, created
an impression that the island would require ten
feet ot filling up, while four and a half feet of*
filling up will bring its whole surface to the
level of the wharves of Philadelphia and the
present naval station at that city.
The great want of the Navy before the war
was wharfage. With all our stations we had
not wharfage enough to lay up our small Navy.
Since the war that want has been aggravated
many hundred fold. But with the war there
entered into our service a new element which
makes League Island almost ilie only place in
the country at which an economical and ade-
quate station for the wants of the Navy can be
established. There alone can be found m fresh
water adequate water front forihe laying up of
our iron-clad ships. Salt water is the deadly
enemy of iron. It not only gnaws into its vitals,
peels it off, shell by shell, until it crumbles into
dust, but it fastens to its surface all torts of para-
sites and barnacles, so that an English ship re-
turning from a two years' cruise had no less than
ten tons' of crustacea removed from her sur-
face. These parasites diminish the speed of
the vessel and tLiow the action of the salt
watei upon the few unexposed parts of the sur-
face, vlieie it bines literally, as if by mechan-
ical power, into the sheathing of the vessel.
The gift which Philadelphia offers the Gov-
ernment is an ibland with river front on the
Delaware to the extent of two miles and three
eighths, on the Schuylkill front seven six-
teenths of a mile, anil on the back channel,
delineated on this map, as gentlemen will see,
and which is three hundred yards wide, a basin
parallel with the island of two miles and five
eighths of front. In that back channel or nat-
ural wet basin at this time arc the river and
harbor monitors, larger iron-clads, several
double-enders, and other vessels, and they
have remained there during one of the severest
winters we have had in Philadelphia lor many
years alike secure from the effects of salt water
and ice. The Naval Committee, I beg the
House to observe, visited the island and ex-
amined those monitors and other vessels on
the 17th of February, the coldest day of last
winter, and found that they were undisturbed
and unaffected by the floating ice of the liver
or the fixed ice of the back channel. Sir,
that channel or basi.iis, lam assured by naval
officers of experience, capable of containing
the combined navies of the United States,
England, and Prance. No nation in the world
has its equal as a safe harbor for an iron navy
laid up in ordinary ; for no nation has such a
body of fresh water accessible to the largest
sea-going vessels.
It, is said that it will require expenditure to
fit up a station here. It will involve some
outlay, but not such as gentlemen apprehend.
To dredge the channel will fill the island to
an adequate height.
There need be brought to it no cinders, slag,
or gravel, even were we to engage in the Quix-
otic work of converting the whole into a naval
station at the outset. To deepen the channel
will, I repeat, supply the material with which
| to fill up the island. But the bill provides a
I fund wilh which to defray these expenditures,
j Wo have the Philadelphia navv-yard, con-
| taining about twenty acres, which now obstructs
| the commercial growth and development ol that
I city. The bill proposes to sell that yard, at the
earliest day it can be done with convenience to
! the service, and to apply the proceeds, a mil-
■ lion and a half or two million dollars, to the
1 dredging out of the back channel, the filling
; of the surface of this island, and the eonstruc-
' tion of workshops.
; There is no unusual appropriation asked for
| this work. On the other hand, it will gradually
complete itself. What the Government wants
at this time is wharfage and space in fresh water
