1866.
THE (JOxVGRj^SiONAL GLOBE.
the President of the United States. I should
like to inquire of the Senator from Massachu-
setts whether that be so; whether there was
any evidence of that before the committee.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. It appears in
the letter of the Secretary of State which has
been read at the desk.
Mr. HOWARD. I am inclined to think the
House has done exactly right in cutting off for
the future all compensation from tlie present
American minister resident at Portugal. The
letter, as has been very justly remarked, con-
tains many very severe strictures upon the con-
duct and policy of Congress, which I think
had commenced its session at the date of the
letter, and had been in session for some months
before the publication of the letter.
i do not understand what right an American
minister abroad has to pass such reflections
upon the legislative authority of his country,
whether they be found in a private letter or in
a public dispatch. I can draw no distinction
of the kind. An American minister abroad
who assumes to censure the conduct of his
country at home, or its policy, or to set him-
self up as a judge and a censor of the public
conduct of his country at home, is not, in my
opinion, fit to be the representative of that
country. ft does not belong to him either in
his public or private letters to dabble in the
politics of his country and to show himself a
partisan.
I lislened, sir, with a great deal of pain to
the sentiments contained in that letter. It is
written in the spirit of partisatiism, and of hired
and paid partisanism, written for the purpose
of being used as a partisan document, and the
person to whom it was addressed saw fit to use
it for that purpose. It has been used, and
manifestly for the purpose and for the promo-
tion of the interest in which it was written. 1
prefer, sir, to teach this gentleman who thus
assumes to represent the American Govern-
ment abroad, that for the future he cannot be
paid for spending his time in Portugal in such
vile and unworthy employments.
Mr. IIENDRTCKS. Mr. President, I should
regret very much to see this report adopted.
I think that Congress, in the adoption of this
report, cannot stand before the country upon
any sound principle. 1 have heard these state-
ments made over and over again, that the fate
of a bill depends upon concurring in a report
of a committee. We have yet four days of this
session, and I have seen very many appropria-
tion bills passed within the last two days of a
session and become laws. There is no danger
such as is suggested. But suppose the Senate
does not in sentiment agree with the report,
are we therefore to concur in it because there
is danger to the bill ? Is this objectionable
system of legislating through the means of a
committee of conference to force upon the
country propositions that are not agreeable
to the Senate, upon the assurance that the
fate of the bill depends upon it?
What have we here as a justification for cut-
ting off' from a foreign minister his salary?
Simply a proposition that he has written a pri-
vate letter which has become public without
his knowledge or request. Suppose this were
a public letter addressed to one of the journals
of the country by himself, would it be a justi-
fication to us in refusing to pay him his salary?
The Senator from Michigan says that it is
written in the spirit of partisatiism. 1 am sur-
prised to hear that objection come from him.
Is he not a party man? Does he not make it
a test of confirmation to office that men shall
be party men? Has he agreed that the offices
of this country shall be filled by none except
those who aie not party men? No, sir; the
objection of the Senator is not that the writer
of the letter is a party man, or that the letter
is written in a spirit of partisanism, but his
objection is that it is not written in the spirit
of his partisanism. He expects the office-
holders of the country to agree with him in
his political views; it is all right when a man
writes in the spirit of his own partisanism,
but if he writes in the spirit of the policy of
tne President, then he is to be condemned, and
not to be paid in an office!
I was very much surprised that the Senator
from Maine should concur in this report. lie
has set his face, so far, as far as I have observed,
against anything_ that is revolutionary in its
tendency, and this certainly is of that charac-
ter. If we_ can say that because a man does
not agree with us, we cannot turn him out, the
Constitution does not allow that, but we will
go as far in that direction as we can, and we
will compel him to leave his office 
Mr. FESSENDBN. The Senator probably
did not attend to what I said. I said distinctly
that this proposition was not according to my
judgment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know that, andthere-
fore 1 expressed myself with great care, for I
saidi was surprised that the Senator had given
his consent to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not give my con-
sent to it. I only say that it is better to have
this provision in than to lose the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know that is what the
Senator said, and therefore upon that consid-
eration I understand the Senator to agree to
vote for this report. Now, I do not think, in
the first place, the bill is in danger. It has
never been held that wo must agree to the
report of the first committee of conference.
If the report is not agreeable to us we appoint
another committee. It is not, as I understand
it, for Senators to meet a committee of the
House, and for the chairman of the House
committee to say, " If you do not come to the
terms of the House there is no use in holding
a conference.'' That is not the spirit in which
the two Houses meet, and I do not understand
that the Senate is expectcd to yield to such a
spirit.
But, sir, the proposition is that we cannot
turn a man out because his political views
differ from those of a majority of the Senate;
but wo will go just as far as we can ; we will
compel him to abandon the office; we will pay
everybody else that holds office according to
law ; and an appropriation bill, according to
the rules of the Senate, is simply to carry out
the law. The law is that there shall be a min-
ister at Portugal; the law is that he shall
receive a fixed salary; the appropriation bill
is simply to carry that out. Now, we say that
we will not execute the law; that we will com-
pel a man to resign by refusing to pay him his
salary; and upon what reason? Because he
has written a private letter, and because that
letter has been published.
What is there wrong in that letter? Taking
the letter itself, what is there wrong in it? In
the first place he compliments, I think in very
appropriate language, the President of the
United States. It may be that a man holding
office at the pleasure of the President ought
never to compliment him. It may be that Sen-
ators are right in that criticism ; but tlie com-
pliment is right. No Senator here will dare
say, I think, that anything that is said in the
letter in regard to the course of the President
during the rebellion is not strictly sustained by
the history of the rebellion. Is it not true that
Mr. Johnson did stand oat in favor of tlie cause
of the nation? Ts it not true that ho did stand
out under circumstances of great embarrass-
ment and danger and inconvenience and dis-
comfort to himself? Is it not true that he
risked more in his devotion to the Union than
any Senator upon this floor? That is the ar-
gument of the letter.
The next point made by the letter is that the
policy of Congress is not right. The question
is simply, has he a right to say that? The Sen-
ator from Michigan thinks not. Because he
holds an office he is not allowed to speak!
When did the Senator from Michigan first an-
nounce that doctrine? I think for the first
time to-day. I never heard that he complained
that gentlemen of his own political faith availed
themselves of their position and their com-
manding influence before the country to influ-
ence public opinion. Is it true that-becausea
man holds an office, either at home or abroad,
he ceases to be a citizen, ceases to be interested
in the prosperity of the country, and ceases to
have a right to express his views upon impor-
tant questions.
For awhile it was attempted to be disguised
that there was a difference between the Presi-
dent and Congress. I recollect to have heard
an able argument from the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman-] to prove that there was but
very little difference. I did not believe in the.
argument then; I do not now. There was
then, there is now, a marked difference be-
tween the views of the majority of Congress
and those of the President of the United States.
We all know that; we know it as well as we
know anything. The President believes, in
regard to the southern States, that a certain
policy ought to be adopted, and the majority
of Congress believes that another policy ought
to be adopted. Now, I ask Senators if that
difference between the executive 'department
of the Government and the legislative depart-
ment of the Government is not a proper sub-
ject of criticism and remark by any citizen,
whether in or out of office. Has a man aright
to discuss what Congress does or not? You
sav,a man shall not have his salary because he
criticises what Congress is doing. Is that upon
the principle that you are afraid to have it dis-
cussed? No; Senators will not admit that.
Why is it, then, that a man has not a right to
discuss the position of Congress upon a great
question of the country? Congress says these
States shall not now eomo back; the President
says that they ought to come back in all their
relations to the Federal Government at once—
the gravest question, perhaps, that ever was
presented." Now, is this minister abroad to be
blamed because he participates in the discus-
sion of a grave question, and because he dif-
fers with Congress on that question, and because
he illustrates liis views by historical references,
by force of argument, by earnest appeal? That
is what this writer has done; ar.d if we agree
to this report of the committee of conference,
it is saying in other words that no man shall
receive his salary in an office if he differs with
Congress and he chooses to criticise Congress.
In other words, Congress takes one step to
close the mouth of every man who differs with
the majority of Congress, and will not allow
its course and policy to be criticised. I think
wc cannot quite afford to take that step. I
think the majority cannot very well afford it.
On that, however, they will judge for them-
selves. I should regret to see this report
agreed to. The bill need not be lost. I think
a" majority of this body cannot agree to this
report. It is not right, it is not politic, it is
not just. Let us see what will becotoe the fate
of this bill by another committee. We have
plenty of time for that yet.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, of course
110 just man would object to any fair and hon-
est and impartial criticism that might be either
littered or written by any American citizen at
home or abroad respecting the policy or the
legislation of Congress. As to that descrip-
tion of criticism I have nothing to say, I have
no fault to find. But the letter which is now
upon your table, sir, contains very much that
is not worthy of the name of criticism. It con-
tains a series of unfair reflections upon Con-
gress, expressions which are disrespectful to
Congress, and some of them are almost insult-
ing to Congress. It speaks of a majority in
Congress in terms which would hardly be tol-
erated between gentlemen. Does the Senator
from Indiana regard such expressions as being
l'ust and manly criticisms upon the action of
Congress? Certainly he is too good a judge
of the force and effect of language to suppose
for a moment that thev are worthy of the name
of just criticism. The letter contains a series
of mere diatribes against CongresjgBmxed up
with a profusion of panegyric^upiwthe Pres-
ident of the United States and what is called
his "policy," speaking in terras of disparage-
