3956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Julv 20,
mcnt and contempt of the majority of Con- i
gress. and going so far—if I understood the '
letter properly—as almost to advise revolu- i
tiounrv measures oil the part of the Executive, j
Si-, it is in vain to pretend that this letter j
contains nothing but just and fair criticism .
i.fion Congress. I would by no means restrain j
the fieedom of speech or the freedom of dis- j
cushion in a for^n minister in regard to the ;
policy of his country; but every gentleman i
must see that the very position held by an 1
American minister abroad is one which ought '
to elevate him high above the storms and ;
clouds of partisan contest at home. It is not j
for him to intermingle in those contests ;,and, |
as I said before. I can entertain no doubt that 1
the purpose of this minister was. in writing the '
letter, that it should be laid before the Aroer- |
ican people and then taken in the newspapers ;
home to Europe, where it originated, in order |
to show the world how important a position j
was held by the writer and how much weight j
ought to bs given to his opinions. It is writ- :
ten in the very spirit of partisanship and noih- j
ing else ; and"! think th^t when an American :
minister so far forgets the dignity which be- |
long&to Ins station and the impartiality which >
he ought to observe in all his correspondence j
in regard to party contests in his country,at )
home he is not deserving of further patronage
from the Government which he thus maligns
and abuses. It is upon that ground of unfair-
ness in these strictures, of partiality, and of
partisanship, that I shall refuse to vote him
any further salary from this time forth, and
that I shall concur in the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
Mr HENDRICKS. Before the Senator takes
his seal I wis,li to ask him one question. I wish
to ask the Senator from Michigan if it be right
to withhold fiom this subordinate office-holder
his salary because in a private letter he has
expressed his views upon the question of dif-
ference between Congress and the President,
because he wrote that private letter ; i3 the Sen-
ator prepared to say that the President shall
not have his salary because be holds these
views in opposition to Congress and because
he contributed to the publication of this let-
ter? And if the Senator is willing to go that
far, is he willing to go still further in the course
of revolution and to deny to every office-holder
his salary where he differs from the majority
in Cougiess?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, as I re-
marked before, there is a great distinction
between the officfal position held by an Amer-
ican minister abroad and- any officer at home.
An American minister is not expected to take
part in the political partisan squabbles of his
country at home. If there be difficulty in the
family, if there be disputes between members
of the same household, it is the duty of each
and every one of them to conceal, so far as
practicable, the fact that such dissensions ex-
ist. It is not necessary for a foreign minister,
nor is it proper in a foreign minister, to be
flirting into the faces of foreign Governments
the fact that his conn'r^is divided by parti-
san dissensions: he ought to throw the veil of
charity and concealment over such facts so far
as is practicable to him. Decency and a proper
sense of decorum, it seems to me. would re-
quire this at the hands of a foreign minister.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator if
there is any evidence that Mr. Harvey has pub-
lished any views that are distasteful to him
abroad. This letter was written to the Secre-
tary of State at home : it is a private letter;
and now I ask whether the Senator is willing
to withhold from the President and from the
Secretary of State their salaries because they
have consented to the publication of these views
and because they concur in them, because they
differ from the majority in Congress, and if so
whether that is not revolution.
Mr. HUtt'AliD. Mr. President, that ques-
tion implW a veiy different state of facts from
that which exists with regard to Mr. Harvey.
Mr. Harvey is*, a foreign minister, residing
abroad, and representing his country as a na-
tion abroad. It is because he is in that high
position, one in which he ought to observe im-
partiality in his communieationsas to the state j
of parties in his own country, that I now find
fault with him. I would not refuse to the Pres-
ident of the United States his salary simply
because he does not concur with me in polit-
ical opinion, nor would I refuse salary to any
other officer at home for the same reason;
but that is not the question. The question is
whether a foreign minister who has so far for-
gotten the dignity and impartiality which per-
tain to his station as to be disrespectfuHo the
Government of his country shall be for the
future paid and supported by that Government.
Are we willing to submit to disrespect and al-
most insult and to pay the offender out of the
public Treasury? That is the question.
Mr. HEN DKICKS. I wish to ask the'Sen-
ator one further question. Last Congress the
Administration was spoken of as "the Govern-
ment." When has it come to be the fact that
Congress is now the Government? The Sen-
ator now speaks of a criticism upon Congress
as an attack upon "the Government." Last
Congress and the Congress before if any man
spoke of the President, it was said to be an
attack upon "the Government."_ When has
he adopted this change of views in regard to
where ;' the Government'' is ?
Mr. HOWARD. I recollect very well that
in the attacks of the honorable Senator from
Indiana upon the Republican party, or rather
the majority of Congress, he was in the habit
of treating the executive government as being
the Government of the United States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. Dus so far as I am con-
cerned, I beg to say that. I never spoke of the
Government of the United States or the Gov-
ernment as being anything else but the Con-
gress of the United States, the executive and
all its branches, associated with the judicial .
department of the Government of the United
States. It is these several departments which
I regard as the Government of the United
States, and to impute to me the fault, if it be
a fault, of speaking of the executive branch of
the Government of the United States as the
Government is an imputation which the Sena-
tor must know very well is entirely unfounded.
I never spoke of it in that way, nor have T been
in the habit of listening to my political friends;
here and hearing them speak of it in the same
way. I know that it has been imputed to us
that we then regarded the Executive as being
the Government, but that was a mere artifice
of political adversaries, used for the purpose
i of stigmatizing the majority in Congress as
j havingyielded up all power to the President,
j That was all it was—a mere party fling and
' nothing else. No sensible man, certainly on
\ this side of the Chamber, has ever spoken and
! treated of the executive department of the
; Government of the United States as the Gov-
| ernment. In short, the Senator will allow me
| to say that this charge which he thus brings
: against us. and which he has so often reiterated
i here, is entirely unfounded, utterly unfounded.
! I will not say it is a creature of his own brain,
; for I know very well that the same imputation
i has been frequently hurled against us by the
! adversary all over the country. It is useless
; for him and me to discuss such a question
i as this, as we both know quite well what the
! Government of the United States means and
i implies.
| Sir. COWAN. Mr. President, I am exceed- |
| ingly sorry that such a question as this should \
| ever be debated in the Senate of the United!
I States. Suppose we admit everything said 1
j by the honorable Senator from Michigan, and 1
I charged against this public servant, does that i
| justify us in breaking our contract with him? (
Mr. HOWARD. It is no contract. ;
Mr. COWAN. It is no contract! When wo j
employ a servant to go abroad and represent ;
us abroad, and we stipulate by the law that we I
will pay him a fixed annual sum for his ser- I
vices, there is no contract in that, and that can
be violated with impunity, and himself and his
wife and his children left to starve in a foreign
land!
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator from
Pennsylvania regard an office, from which the
incumbent is removable at pleasure, as a con-
tract?
Mr. COWAN. Unquestionably; andahigher
form of contract on the part of the Government
than that which binds individual men.
Mr. HOWE. If, then, the President re-
moves a man from office, does he violate a
contract?
Mr. COWAN. No, sir, he does not violate
a contract. The removal from office is one of
the contingencies provided for by law; but is
it provided for by law that if an American
minister abroad chooses to give his opinion
upon publi? affairs here he shall not be paid
his salaryIf tnat is the law. then I admit we
have a perfect right to treat Mr. Harvey's let-
ter in the way some gentlemen here would like
to have it treated; but that is not the law.
Mr. HOWE. Then, if I understand the
Senator, if Congress takes away the pay of the
minister to Portugal for the next year, that is
a violation of contract, but if the President
takes Mr. Harvey away from thepay, that does
not violate the contract.
Mr. COWAN. Exactly; and I give the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin credit for put-
ting it in the most adroit, bamboozling, sophis-
tical way that anybody could put it; and yet it
does not amount to a bubble. The stupidest
man in the galleries would detect it upon the
instant. It is simply a play upon words. Why,
sir, there is not the slightest resemblance be-
tween depriving a man of his pay and depriving
him of his office; and certainly if Senators had
given free play to their brains they would have
seen the reason, and I should not be obliged to
tell it a second time. This man holds his office
by the law. He is entitled to his salary by the
law. One of the contingencies upon which he
holds his office is that he may be removed by
the President, and he takes it subject to that
contingency. He is notified of thatat the time
that he takes it; and to exercise that power
upon him is no violation whatever of the con-
tract. But to take away his pay, to strike at
the sustenance of his wife and children, to leave
him in a foreign land, perhaps to starve—who
ever heard of such a thing? Is that your rem-
edy if your minister misbehaves? Is there no
other way by which you can get rid of him ?
Gentlemen say, what are we to do about it?
This dominant party in Congress has got so
thin-skinned that a boy can hardly point at it
in the street but that he must be carried into
the public councils here and a great parade
made about it. What is the country coming
to? Is the majority in Congress to be sacred?
I always thought that a majority in Consross
was great and magnanimous, high-toned. io"k-
ing aloft rather than seeking about among the
gutters to see who threw insults, 'i h-y leave
all the magnanimity to be exercised by the
minority. J3ut now if you are to remedy this
by taking away a man's pay and a man'.-- sal-
ary, you might just as well take away the pay
and salary of the minority here. Win-re is the
difference? If we do not speak to please you,
if we do not criticise you m the mo^t gentle
phrase, and after the most approved method,
forsooth, you will take away our pay! You
had a great deal better do that ihnn this. We
might get home; but if you were to leave us in
Portugal or in a foreign land we might not bo
able to get back.
Where is the law that an American minister
abroad is restrained in his freethoughtand l'reo
speech as a free citizen of this country ? W here
is the rule? Where is the custom and the
usage? Nobody ever hoard of such a thing.
An American minister abroad has as much
right to criticise the action of his Government
as anybody else has. and he ought never to yield
that right. Certainly gentlemen here who pro-
claim themselves the advocates of the largest
