1076
THE eOTOKlSSIOFAL GLOBE.
February 28,
I suppose that when the Senator talks about
State rights and State sovereignty, in connec-
tion with this " any form of republican gov-
ernment," he means such-degree of "State
sovereignty'' as shall allow, not the people, but
a privileged class in the seceded States, to
establish \just such republican government as
they please.
I have no disposition to play upon words.
Time and again, since the commencement of this
session, have I heard the same phrase made use
of. I understand its meaning well. Had the
Senator from Wisconsin been alone m the use
of this phrase, "any form of republican gov-
ernment," I would have attributed it to inad-
vertence ; but when it it? made a sort of po-
litical axiom by secessionists and'secession sym-
pathizers, and"gravely repeated in this body, I
shall endeavor to hold the Senator from Wis-
consin politically responsible lor the utterance
of the exhumed heresy. Had the honorable
Senator said, in general terms, " the States of
the South may adopt such republican or suf-
frage government as accords with the spirit of
our institutions, and is implied in the funda-
mental law, and with such practical organiza-
tion as. shall give the best, possible protection
to the natural and personal rights enumerated
and implied in the instrument," I would have
' whoUy agreed with him. Dut if the Senator
should be disposed to take issue with oijfi#jot
or tittle of this proposition, I pronouneenim
outside of the Constitution, and just so far at
war with its principles.
The labored speoch of the Senator from Wis-
consin lias greatly puzzled me. Though [ do
not accuse him of an attempt at imitation, it
reminds me of a certain philosopher who gave
his pupils instruction in the art of "popular
persuasion." 11' you have occasion to urge
an unsound proposition," said he, " yon must
not urge it directly. You must first command
the confidence and the credulity by a preface
of self-evident propositions; and when you
have effectually done this, yon must pop in the
sophistry <m your audience unawares."
1 quote from the Senator's speech the follow-
ing extract:
" 1 now inquire, -tfhat must bo tho terms and con-
ditions of peace in order lo pat an end to civil war in
these United StntosV I answer, tho Constitution of
tlio United States is the paramount and indissoluble
bond of union and relationship and peace amon^the
several States. An attomptto overthrow that is civil
war. Submission to thatis peace. Therefore, neither
Use President, nor Consvcss, nor the.Supreme Court,
nor all put together, can make any other treaty of
peace or bond ofrebtionshipamonjr the States. Noth-
ing short of successful revolution, or of a decision
of (he sovereign people of tisc United States to amend
flint Constitution, can ohainto tile rclutionship be-
tween the States one jot or tittle. _ Though men anil
partiis imiv change, ttits Con.ititulimi as tlio basis of
that relationship in this Union will remain perpetual.
" What terms had the President a retht to demand
of these States, or of their people, as condition* pie-
cedent, to peace and the withdrawal of tile Army?
"First, and before all, and as the basis of all, un-
noatitied submission to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Slater, and alt laws of Congress passed in pur-
suance thereof.
"Second, tho annulling: of all acts laws, and pro-
ceedings by which the States made or prosecuted
win- against the United States, including tho rebel
debt.
"Third, acquiescence in the situation which tlio
war has brought upon them, inelnlltnir the abolition
of slavery, for and on account of which they made
tile war; lor tho sineority of such acquiescence, and
ns t ee supremo test of its good faith, the adoption of
the constitutional amendment by winch slavery, the
cause of the war, is surrendered and made impossi-
bh,and liberty made sure, by being placed under
tile guardianship of Congress in every Statu and
Territory forever.
" Kourtii, the practical resumption of their politi-
cal duties, upon those terms, as Slates in the Union
" Xh csoai$£lic conditions, in substance, upon which
President Lincoln almost three years asro announced
to the people of these Statestlue terms of paeitication
to which ho pledged the support of the executive
Government.
"These aiethe substance of tlio torms offered by
President Johnson."
Sir, I cavil with none of this preface. It is
the following conclusion that 1 take exception
to:
"Several of the States, or the people of several
States, have accepted thorn, and offer now to resume
all their political duties as States in this Union, and
practically enjoy their rights a# such. Shall we allow
them to uo so;
" If these terms have been accepted by these States,
or the people of these States, in stood faith, is not the
faith of tliis nation pledged, just as much pledged
as by the terms contained in the surrender of their
armies?"
Tn these extracts wehavethe .Senator's pref-
ace and liis conclusions as to the duty of Con-
gress to recognize their organization, and admit
their Senators and Representatives. .
Let us now inquire, Mr. President, whether
the controlling influences in these States have
mentally, morally, unreservedly, and in good
faith given in their adhesion to the principles
of the Constitution; whether, in their State
organizations, they declared and recognized as
citizens the whole native-born population on
the basis of" equality before the law;'' whether,
and if so, what provision they have made for
maintaining and protecting the natural and
personal rights enumerated and implied in the
Constitution. It seems to me, sir, that if they
have done all this it would supersede the neces-
sity of congressional legislation in establishing
the Freedmen's Bureau, its vast, and expensive
machinery, and, if not imperatively required,
itsmost objectionable power. If the Senator's af-
fectionate confidence in these controlling forces
in tho South is so well founded, why is it that
the President, his generals, and tho War De-
partment are debating thequestion as to whether
we shall keep on foot an Army of fifty, seventy-
five, or one hundred thousand men to hold
them in subjection? Certainly these establish"
meitfs are most expensive, most embarrassing
to the national finances, and all of us alike de-
plore their necess^r. It seems to me, sir, the
Senator's peace is a strange kind of peace; and
whether it is a peace upon a war basis, or a war
on a peace basis, 1 trust the Senator will in due
time inform us.
Mr. President, after enumerating reasons
why loyalty alone should take seat ill tho Halls
of Congress, there is one tost and touch-stone
of the kind of loyalty that should be required.
It is that kind of loyalty which cherishes the
names and bravo deeds of tho nation's defend-
ers by land and water. If the offered repre-
sentative should bear hatred 0' malice, or feel
indifference or coldness toward this class of our
citizens, or bo barren in affectionate venera-
tion to the memories of those who have fallen,
or wanting in a disposition to nourish and sus-
tain the widow and orphan, made such in tho
defense of tho nationality, I would spurn him
as a political viper that was not to be fellow-
shiped, tolerated. We know the political ideas
and principles which these brave men defend-
ed, and the leaders of the rebellion know it as
well as 5vo. We know and understand the
au/mus anil spirit with vvhieli tho southern con-
spiracy was entered upon, and those galvan-
ized rebels know it as well as we. There can
be neither peace nor security to the country
until I his contumacious spirit of the southern
leaders is annihilated. There is 110 necessity
of giving it, encouragement, and I regard it as
a criminal neglect of duty to palter to its hu-
mors. There is not a State in the South but
which has fit men, and an abundance of fit
men, according to the highest standard of qual-
ification for representatives. They have men
who have stood through peril for the^ Union;
men of character, and men whose talents would
adorn the Halls of Congress. These men alone
are entitled to appear here, for they would be
an assisting force. They arc the only kind of
representatives that any section can constitu-
tionally claim. If wo would not inaugurate
anew the old rebel brawl in Congress, we shall
wait until reliable and true men from the South
shall be permitted to come, and take seats by
the side of loyalty.
Most unfortunately for the Senator's position,
we have it from reliable authority that the un-
conditional loyalists, except in few localities,
cannot be elected to office; that men if elected
at all, must be elected on the strength of their
notoriety as rebels; that in the organization of
the social circle Union people are excluded,
and amenities awarded to the disloyal only; that
every arrangement is undertaken and carried
out that can by possibility make Unionism un-
popular and odious, and treason popular and ,
respectable. Added to this, Senators and mem-
bers are flooded with letters from southern
Union men, begging and imploring that Con-
gress may not leave them in the hands of these
Philistines, unprotected, by withdrawing the
Army. The provisional governor of Texas is
a truly loyal man, and the information comes
from a high authority that it is doubtful whether
he could stay a day behind tho withdrawal of
the troops in safety. Governor Brownlow, of
Tennessee, is another of the truly loyal Gov-
ernors of the South. 'On the ICth of the last
month he wrote to the Speaker of the House
of Representatives as follows:
" If the removal of the Federal troops from Tennes-
see must necessarily follow upon the admission of our
congressional delegation to their scats, why, then, and
in that ease, tlio lojal men of Tennessee beg to ho
without representatives in Congress. But our mem-
bers can be admitted, and a military toreo retained
sufficient to govern and eonirol the rebel.ious. I tell
you, and through you all whom it may concern, that
without a law to disfranchise rebels, ami a forco to
carry out the provisions of that law, this State will
pass into the hands of tho rebels, and n terrible stato
of affairs isbound to follow. Union men will be driven
from the State, forced to sacrifice what they have, and
seek homes elsewhere. And yet Tennessee is in a -
much better condition than any of tho other revolted
States, and affords a stronger loyal population.
" Those who suppose the South is ' rei onstructed,'
anil that her people cheerfully accept the results of
tho war, are fearfully dceeivcdl The whole South is
full of the spirit of rebellion, and the people are irro vy-
ing more bitterand insolent everyday. Rebel news-
papci s arc spi m gin g a p all over t h e South, and speak-
ing out in terms of bitterness and reproach against
theGovcrnmeiit of the United States. These papers
lead the people, and at the same time reflect their
sentiments and feelings. Of the twenty-one p:vper3
in Tennessee, fourteen are decidedly rebel, outspoken
and undisguised, some of them protendmy; to acqui-
esce inthecxistinirstate of atl.iirs. In at! the vacan-
cies ocnuiTiiutin our Legislature, even with ourlran-
chise law in force, rebels arc invariably returned, and
in some instances rebel officers, limping from wounds
received in battle fighting against the United States
forces! Anil yet, f tell you that Tennessee is in a
better condition than any other revolted State.
"Others will erive you a more favorable account. I
cannot, injustice to lnyseit andthe truth. 1 think I
know the southern people. I have lived fifty-eight
years in the South of choice,and two at thcNorth oi
necessity."
Mr. President, there is a logic in this state-
ment of Governor Brownlow that seems to me
undeniable. It is a logic founded oil practical
experience. It is the same that led to the policy
adopted in Missouri in disfranchising disloyalty,
and which has given us a delegation from that
State, ingrained in its loyalty, and firm and use-
ful in establishing a just national policy. A
class that started the rebellion into growth and
attempted a revolution upon the idea. that. " re-
publican government was a failurethat "the
real civilization of a country is in its aristoc-
racy, which should be made permanent by laws
of entail anil primogeniture;'' that regards
popular government as " tho mistaken civiliza-
tion of the age;'' that would institute in the
place of republican government! ■ an hereditary
Senate and Executive" is neither fit to repre-
sent or to be represented in any political body,
State or national, within the bounds of this
Union. After having done and attempted what
it has, there is but one right left to it, and even
that is a matter of political grace, awarded not
by justice, but by mercy. That right consists
of bare permission to exist, but on the condi-
tion of peaceful conduct, and on strict forbear-
ance to do their country or countrymen any
further injury.
I have no doubt, sir, the Senator from Wis-
consin might travel South, speech in hand, and
be favorably received. If Ue would consent
to denounce the majority in Congress as radi-
cal fanatics and enemies of tlie^outh, he would
be "wined, dined, and feted;" secession ladies
would smile on him ; his journey be made a con-
tinued ovation; and the Senator everywhere
the hero of the banquet. But should he go
without his recent prestige, and talk as he
talked to tho people of Wisconsin when he in-
duced them to send him hews, I have no doubt
he would come back with about the same opin-
ions expressed by Governor Brownlow.
Mr. President, there.is a strange idiosyn-
crasy in Some minds, amounting to an almost
perverse tendency to delusion. It springs from
