2996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
ill which to lay up its iron-elads in ordinary,
and here it can have it without a dollar of out-
lay, for here they can lie for years as they have
lain through the past winter. This want is
supplied by nature, and the accommodations
can bo expanded and perfected from year to
year without unusual appropriations.
But, sir, let me invoke the weight of author-
ity. T voted yesterday for a bill against which
my private judgment ran. I voted for it be-
cause a careful committee recommended it,
and because every military man that I knew in
the House, save one, and it related to military
matters, sustained it. I submitted my individ-
ual judgment to that of the committee and
those who knew more of the matter in hand
than I did. So the Naval Committee, after a
personal examination of the premises, after
an elaborate examination of Admiral Smith,
the thief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
of Commodore Turner, who is in charge of
iron-clad vessels in the back channel of the
island, and of Captain Pox, who has given
years of consideration to this question and kin-
dred questions, recommend this bill. But I
propose to add a little force to the recommen-
dation of the committee, sustained as it is by
these weighty authorities.
To this end let me read a brief letter ad-
dressed by Admiral PorLor to the chairman of
the Naval Committee. J invite the attention
of gentlemen to the admiral's views, as I
ajipreheud that he is as capable of judging
of a question of this kind as 1 or any other
member of this House:
Washington City, itfwj/0,1806.
Dear Sir: Mr, Fox informs mo that some ono is
quoting me it« tn-i11u ;m advocate for plucing a navy-
Jardat Now London in preference to League t.-laml.
do not know that my opinion is of any consequence,
but i! it is, permit mo to say that I have been ono of
the : t:'(>!)'-:("■[ advocates in favor of League Island,
ami noverconsidered N'ew Londouoranv other place
so near (he.iea lit for a navy-yard. League Island can
be made all that the Na.vy requires, and 1 fully in-
dulge the pamnhb't that was issued by tho proprie-
tors, ami whieh 1 road with much interest.
1 remain, respectfully, youis,
DAVID X). PORTER,
Hear Admiral.
Hon. A. 11. Rick.
Ko, too, Commodore Stribling, who has been
opposed to the acceptance of League Island,
and who lias been cited more than once by my
adversary as against mo in this matter, after
lie had made a thorough investigation of the
facts, and disabused himself of Engineer Sang-
er's misstatements, says:
"JlY Dkar Sin: I have received tho pamphlet,
ent.itted ' Advantages of League Island,' &c., for
which l thank you. It in a i'ni 1 and fair discussion
oi f he mlva.nl:u:<m <>('that inland for a ' mival station,
dofk->«nd, and I'rc^li-wator ba.-iin tor iron-clad ^hips
find ot her vo-soN-of-war,' and 1 nin iroo to oonfo^s
that it isnow apjnmmtio mo that it po^esses advan-
tagesover any other phico named for that jmrposo,
unu I hope ()oiif?rc^H will pass tho uceessaiy laws to
enablo tho Department to eommonoo tho work upon
tho island, to mako it such a place as the necessities
Of tho t'crvioo roquiro."
I go still further in the same direction, and
turn to a letter of Commodore Turner, who
has been in charge of the island and channel
and of tho iron-elads and other vessels laid up
there, and who has done whatever work has
been done at League Island. So early as 1 'Vb-
ruary 8, lSiiti, lie wrote me as follows:
Ikon-Clad Officii. U.niti;i>States Nayy-Y hid,
l'HIL idklphi I, Fibrillin/ S, 1808.
My J>ta h Snt: As it is possible that the " League
Island" question will eoine up before long, and you
are a delegate from tins eity. it is proper that you
should be intbimed that a person calling himself
l> |lcs/' an evident enmsnry and agentof tho " New
London" speculators, has been paying a visit to tho
vessels at League Island, and publishing hie obser-
vations in a New London paper, giving garbled ao-
counr,-. ol his conversations with tho ollieers on duty
there, lor the purpose of prejudicing that locality
ana preventim,. its acceptance by an act of Congress.
*-°t /U maI? ';;ls been furnishing the enemies
ot League Inland in Congress with damaging infor-
mation, grounded, as he says in bis published letter,
upon the opinions of tho ofliceis employed there,
winch they, m essential particulars, deny. He made
& second v isir there, and was recognized at onee, and
ordered oil; so we shall not bo troubled with him
ag.tI i.■ 11 you these things that you may make
u.-o ot taein in case lie should be cited a-, an author-
ity "tfnen fie subject comes up. In mv charge apd
experience of that place I am so fully armed with
unau.werable arguments in its favoff derived from
personal knowledge of everything about it, that I
think if the proposition to take it is to bo decided in
the Naval Oommitteo before a bill is reported, T
ought to be examined before that committee. I think
it would be such an egregious and inexcusable blun-
der to let it get out of the hands of the Government,
or to let the chance to get possession of it slip by, that
I am very anxious to see it secured; and if it is not
taken we shall have a pretty smart annual expense,
I imagine, to incur for the accommodation of tho
vessels there when it is known that it is not tho pur-
pose of the Governmentto receiveit. You may have
seen extraordinary accounts in the recent 1'reach
papers of the destruction of their'iron-elads by the
salt water in which they lie. They state if some pro-
tection is not invented to stay the corrosive process
of salt water five years will use them up. This is a
powerful argument in tin or of fresh water, which our
vessels lie in.
Very truly, yours, T. TURNER,
Commodore United States Navy.
Tn accordance with the suggestion contained
in bis letter, Commodore Turner, in the pres-
ence of, and in conjunction with, Admiral
Smith, the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, was examined very fully by the Naval
Committee ; and influenced by tho opinion of
these experts, of these scientific men, these
men of naval experience, the committee agreed
upon this bill and instructed me to report it to
tho House.
With a single remark or two I shall close. I
ask gentlemen to note what this bill is. It does
not propose a commission to ascertain the
capacity of our country for establishing naval
stations. It does not propose a commission to
learn whether New England can contain more
than three naval,stations, tor she has nowtlnee
of the four now in operation. I grant you that
the New York yard does not lie within the
geographical limits of New England, but it
lies east of the Hudson and at ono end of tho
Sound, which is the great inland water of New
England, known as the American Mediterra-
nean, Long island Sound ; another of them is
at Boston or Charlostown ; tho third is at but-
tery, .Maine. The only other available yard
on Ihe Atlantic coast is the ono at Philadel-
phia, and in a In-ief note to mo to-day Admiral
Porter refers to its diminutive proportions as
a reproach to the American people. I met
him to-day, and fcanng that the chairman of
the Naval Committee, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. li-icto,] might still bo ab-
sent, lie placed in my hand this note:
Washington, I). C„ June C, 1866.
Dk\k Sir : Pome one, I see, is quoting mo as being
opposed to tho location ot a liavy-yard at League
Island. 1 take thebberty of stating toyou that this
is not so. I havo always been in favor of Leaguo
Island. I consider the present navy-yard at Phila-
delphia. a repioaeh to the country. Wo have not a
single navy-yaid that meets the requirements of the
Navy. _ Home persons object to League Island owing
to its distance from the sea. That is its chief merit:
it is away irotu thoattaeks of anenemy. Ihopethat
Congress will give us one decent navy-yard, and it
can undone at League Island.
I lemain, i opectlullv, yours,
DAVID D. PORTER,
Hear Aduiiral.
The navy-yard at Philadelphia, to which he
refers, has one tenth tho wharfage of the Kng-
lish naval station at the neighboring island of
Bermuda. It has one twentieth of the pro-
portions of t he private ship-yard of.) ohn Laird,
the builder of the buccaneers of the southern
confederacy.
The people of Philadelphia, in view of the
now exigencies of the Navy,-propose to give
you nine hundred acres of land, and the back
channel, being land covered with water,which,
as I havo said, by the construction of marine
gates and a dreilging-machine employed from
month to mouth as you require it to reclaim
the channel, you will have a station sucli as
no other naval Power can have, and one un-
oqualed by any save the growing ono—I mean
growing in perfection, not in dimensions—at
Mare Island, on the Pacific coast, and liave
it, sir, without making now or hereafter an
extraordinary appropriation.
J ho bill does not propose to establish a new
naval station, it only proposes to enlarge, with-
out expense, ono that is alnxjst useless from
its want of dimensions.
MIWS ■vet: FROM Tin] SENATE.
A message from the Seriate, by Mr. Poiixet,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill and joint resolution of the follow-
ing titles, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (S. No. 808) confirming the title of
Alexis Gardapier to a certain tract of land in
the co«nty of Brown, and State of Wisconsin ;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 99) for the
relief of Paul S. Forbes, under his contract
with the Navy Department for building and
-furnishing tho steam screw sloop-of-war Idaho.
naval depot at league island again.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I offer the following
substitute for the bill reported by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley:]
Whereas various sites on or near tho Atlantic sea-
board have been offered to the Government of the
United States for naval purposes, with special ref-
erence to the repair, construction, and laying up in
ordinary of iron vessels; and whereas it is eminently
desirable that the best site should be selected by the
Government for tho purpose named: Therefore,
Bext resolved by theSenate and HonseofRepresentatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the President of the United States he, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to appoint a com-
mission of not less than seven competent officers and
engineers, whoso duty it shall be to make careful ex-
amination and survey of each of said proposed sites,
and to report to Congress the comparative advan-
tages or disadvantages of each, and by the selection of
which the public interests wilt best be promoted.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman permit me
now to suggest an amendment?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I will hear the sug-
gestion.
Mr. HALE. I suggest to him that he insert
after the words "said proposed sites," the
words, '1 aud such other sites as may be brought
to their attention, and which they may deem
proper for examination/1
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I accept that sugges-
tion. I think the amendment a proper one.
Mr. KELLEY. I simply want to throw out
this suggestion, that while I am not opposed
to the appointment of such a commission, I do
not see that the substitute is at all germane to
this bill, which relates to a specific object. I
regard his proposition as having no reference
to the matter now before the House, and 1
reserve iny opinion as to the propriety of it as
an independent proposition, should it come up
in that form.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Precisely: I did not
ask the gentleman's opinion, nor did I think
it especially valuable. I have submitted this
substitute, and I believe it is within parlia-
mentary rules of order, and with the permis-
sion of the gentleman I will now address my-
self to it.
Mr. Speaker, this project of taking three
hundred and seventy-four acres of the mud
bottom of the Delaware river, three feet, below
the surface of that river at ordinary high tide
and one hundred miles from the ocean, and
there and in such a locality establishing the
great national navy-yard of the United States,
is not now for the first time before Congress
and the country. For four years, with a per-
tinacity as inexplicable as it is unwarranted
and unexampled, that plan has been pressed
upon the attention of Congress and the coun-
try by certain disinterested gentlemen in the
Navy Department, backed up by certain no
loss disinterested gentlemen from the city of
Philadelphia. That subject has been discussed
again and again in both branches of Congress.
It has been very carefully examined by a com-
petent board composed of engineers and naval
officers, ordered by Congress to be raised and
selected, not to say packed, by the Secretary
of the Navy. It lias been exam^ied very care-
fully by the Naval Committee of the last Con-
gress. It has been discussed in the public
press and by naval officers throughout the
United States : and by all of them—Congress,
the board of officers, the members of the Naval
Committee, the press, and a large majority of
the^naval officers of the United States outside <
of the Navy Department—it has been met with
but one conclusion up to this hour. I cannot
more succinctly stale that result than by quoting
the conclusion to which that board of compe-
tent officers, selected by the Secretary of the
