1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2mr
Navy because of their special fitness for this
duty, arrived after a very careful examination.
It is as follows:
"Resolved, Tha t in the opinion of this board the
public interests will not be promoted by acquiring
title to League Island for naval purposes."
That was the conclusion to which that board
arrived; that was the result to which the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs of the last Congress
arrived with great unanimity; the only excep-
tions to which were, I believe, the two mem-
bers from Pennsylvania, who, by the courtesy
of the Speaker, were placed upon that com-
mittee.
And now, sir, here to-day, after this current
of authorities all in one direction, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] has, 1
will not say the hardihood, but at least the
confidence, and confidence in his bosom is
not "a plant of slow growth"—he has the
confidence to stand up here and ask this Con-
gress to adopt a bill which confines the exam-
ination of the site for a navy-yard to the pre
cise locality which was rejected by the previous
commission, and excludes from examination
the one site that had been reported upon fa-
vorably by a commission, and all other piles
throughout the country which may be pro-
posed.
Aud while the gentleman has proposed a bill
here for the purpose of limiting the inquiry to
the Delaware river, and to one site only on that
river, and that a site under water, he has himsef
abandoned his bill, and the theory upon which it
proceeds, in the very argument, by which he has
sought to sustain it before this House. Because
if there be any plan or principle at all to his
bill, it goes upon the ground that the merits or
demerits of a site for a naval station are not to
be decided by arguments upon this floor, but
must be decided by the examination of a com-
mission of experts, and by that alone. And
in that I agree with the gentleman. I do not
think it a proper subject to be decided upon
this floor, in this noisy Hall, and I think, Mr.
Speaker, with all due deference to the House,
never more noisy than to-day.
I do not think that these gentlemen here—
some of them lawyers, some farmers, some
merchants, and many of them engaged in
business not connected with the subject under
debate—constitute precisely the forum in which
a question which involves considerations of
topography, of soil, of currents, of tides, of
adaptability for naval purposes, can be either
argued or appropriately determined. The gen-
tleman therefore was right. The Committee
on Naval Affairs were correct when they au-
thorized him. to report a bill providing that
such questions should be determined in their
appropriate forum, to wit, by a board of ex-
perts to be raised by order of Congress. That
is the theory of the bill; but the gentleman,
instead of advocating the bill upon that prin-
ciple, has wandered from it in going into an
argument here as to the merits of the site
which he proposes shall be examined.
Mr. Speaker, 1 shall not follow the bad ex-
ample of the gentleman in engaging the time
of this House in discussing the merits or de-
merits of the site i n which my constituent s are
more particularly interested. By the substitute
which I have proposed here, that and all cog-
nate questions with reference to the site which
I advocate and all other sites are to be deter-
mined by a commission, if the House shall
consent to order a commission. But, sir, I
must so far allow myself to be led astray by
the example of the gentleman as to-follow him
a little in that part of his argument in which
he addressed himself to the merits of the pre-
cise site which he now wishes the House to
iidopt.
Mr. Speaker, this question for the first time
came before Congress and the country, as the
gentleman has correctly stated, just four years
ago, in June, 1862. About that day in June
which corresponds with the day on which this
discussion is going on, a bill was presented in
the Senate of the United States authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to accept of the title to
League Island, provided a commission should
recommend its acceptance ; and four years ago
the advocates of other sites in that Congress,
the Thirty-Seventh Congress, presented the
precise eoanter-plan which 1 present here to-
day. It was seen that it was an object for the
Government of the United States to get the
best site then proposed ; and against the oppo-
sition of the Delaware interest, and the Phila-
delphia interest, a rider was attached to that
bill and passed the Senate, ordering that the
commission when raised should examine all
the sites then proposed. History is said to
repeat itself. Four years from that day we
find the gentleman from Pennsylvania rising
here and offering a bill to raise a commission
to examine his site, and his site alone. To-day
I stand here not advocating an examination of
merely the site in which my constituency are
interested, but offering as a substitute a prop-
osition that the commission shall examine all
the sites which lia\e been proposed—a site on
the Hudson, a site on the Patnxent, the site
at Portland, the site at New London, and the
site on the Delaware river, which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania recommends, and a
much bettor site in the Delaware river at Mar-
cus Hook, fifteen or twenty miles below League
Island, a site which has been recommended as
having superioradvantages over League Island
by the competent head of the department
charged with this very question, the Bureau
of Yards and Docks.
Now, sir. inasmuch as I suppose this ques-
tion is to be finally settled hero in some shape
to-day. and inasmuch as a leeord is to be made
upon this question, and inasmuch as the Navy
Department is quoted as being in favor of the
plan which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has proposed to the House, 1 wish to have a
final settlement of accounts before the Ameri-
can people, and to leave upon the record here
the views of the Navy Department and the acts
of the Navy Department with reference to this
question, that, this House may see how valuable,
how disinterested the opinion of the Secretary
of the Navy and the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy is upon this subject.
Now, sir, when Congress at that time ordered
a board of competent officers to make an ex-
amination, tho question was between three sites
then proposed—League Island, New London,
and a site in Narraganset bay. Bytbe law of
Congressthe Secretary of the Navy was directed
to appoint a commission to examine all three
sites, and report by the selection of which the
public interest would 1)0 best promoted. The
Secretary of the Navy selected, to constitute
that board, three gentlemen who were either
Ihen residents or originally natives of the city
of Philadelphia.
That was a disinterested board. It was
an impartial board in its construction. It
turned out at least that they were by the re-
sult. I speak now of the motives by which
the Secretary of the Navy maybe presumed to
have been actuated. This was a "hoard of six
officers, three of whom were from Philadel-
phia, either by residence or nativity. The
fourth man of that hoard of six was the engi-
neer of the Depaitment, himself supposed to
be cognizant ofthe views of the Secretary. I
make no complaint now of tho construct! m of
that board, bccauso it turned out to be an
honest and competent board. By a majority
of four to two. the two being residents and
natives of Philadelphia, that hoard decided it
was not for the public interest that League
Island should be selected, or even accepted as
a gift.
Further, one of the persons put on that board
by this disinterested Secretary was Professor
Bache, who has been named already, and it is
not therefore indelicate for me to refer to it,
a man who before bis appointment had written
a letter, then on file in the Navy Department,
in which he favored the selection of League
Island to the exclusion of all other places. I
go one step further on my responsibility here,
and I take the responsibility of saying that,
while that board was proceeding to make that
examination a letter was sent from the Navy
Department to that board, a board of honora-
ble officers of the Navv, a. letter from the Navy
Department stating that that Department ex-
pected the board to'find in favor of League
Island. Sir, Admiral Stringham, an honora-
ble naval officer who presided over that board,
then fresh from his victory at Hatteras, the
first naval victory of the war—Admiral String-
ham, like an honorable man. took up his hat
and left tho session of the board, saying that
ho would no longer sit on a board under duress
as that; and it was only after that letter was
withdrawn that he finally consented to con-
tinue on this board.
That board found that League Island was
not a fit place, aud they have spread upon this
record, to be found in the document room,
fifteen solid reasons why it was unfit for a naval
station. For the first time the gentleman from
Pennsylvania—let him settle with the gentle-
man whom he has slandered—charges that the
engineer of the Department was corrupt enough
to be operated on and influenced, and that
through his influence the remainder of the
board were corrupt enough to find objection
against League Island contrary to the facts in
the case.
Mr. KELLEY. I will ask the gentleman a
single question, and it is whether tho city of
New York lies nearer to New London than to
Philadelphia? I propose to test the integrity
or corruption of that engineer by that question.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I do not conceive that
that is pevlnent to the charge that an officer
of the Government has been corrupt enough
to find a report against the facts in the ease.
I will answer the question, howsoever, although
the gentleman will bear me witness I did not
interrupt him in the course of his speech; and
he will have an hour in which to close this
debate after he has locked up debate on the
part of all others by tho call for the previous
question.
Mr. KELLEY. Nor did I denounce the
terrors of any man's vengeance on the gentle-
man. Ho has not yet answered the question
which will settle, in tho estimation of ever}'
member upon this floor, the honesty of the
engineer who made that report.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. If the gentleman had
restrained his impetuosity I would have fin-
ished my answer. I say that New London, by
water, is by many hours nearer to New York
than Philadelphia. The question was one of
transportation of the supplies and munitions
of war for the defense of one or the other place.
That commission found that for the defense of
New London, for the protection of the site and
accumulation of skilled workmen : for military
purposes; for the transportation by water of
munitions of war. New London is nearer to
New York than Philadelphia. If a man does
not belicfe that statement let him go by the
Sound from New London to New York, and
then from New York down the coast, up tho
Delaware river to Philadelphia, and if he has
a watch or almanac he will know which is
nearest.
Mr. KELLEY. One moment, and I will
promise not to interrupt the gentleman again
even if he denounces the vengeance of here-
after upon me. [Laughter.]
Mr. BB \ NDEGEE. Thank you. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. KELLEY. Tho question submitted to
the engineer was not that indicated by the
gentleman, but was the available force nearest
to each point for defense. I will further ask
the gentleman whether in these days during
war wo transport troops by water and circui-
tous water routes when there are railroad con-
nections between the points ; and if there are
not within his knowledge railroad connections
between Philadelphia and New York, and New
York and New London; and whether Phila-
delphia is not but two thirds the distance from
New York that New London is.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, when X
was interrupted by my friend I was upon the
question of tho construction of this board and
