1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
II
tho part of this House, to join such committee a^may
bo appointed on tho part of tho Senate, (o consider
and report by what token of resnoet and affection it
may bo proper for the Congress of tho United States
to express the deep sensibility of the nation to tho
event of the decease of their into President. Abraham
Lincoln ; and that so much of the nu:s-a;:e of the
President as refers to that melancholy event be re-
ferred to said committee.
Mr. FOOT. I move tliat the Senate concur
in that resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I now move that a committee
of six be appointed by the Cliair, to join such
committee as may bo appointed by the House
of Representatives, in relation to the proceed-
ings of respect to the memory of the late Pres-
ident of the United States.
Mr. LAKE, of Kansas. The committee of
the House is one from each State, I understand.
I suggest to the Senatorfrom Vermont whether
six is a sufficient representation for the Senate
as compared with the House. I should like to
have that committee on the part of the Senate
larger.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have referred to the
only precedent in our history of the decease of
a President of the United States during the re-
cess of Congress, and the proceedings which
have taken place in the House of Representatives
now are in precise accordance with what then
took place in the House 011 the motion of John
Quiucv Adams, the oldest member of the House.
A._committcc was appointed from that body to
join such committee as should be appointed 011
the part of the Senate, and tho Senate there-
upon concurred in the resolution and appointed
a committee of six to unite with the committee
of tlie House. Of course that is not binding
now, but the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont is in accordance with what was done in
the only melancholy event of that kind which
has transpired in our history before. There is
no objection to a larger committee that I am
aware of. I merely state that this is what was
done on a former occasion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas." T should like to see
tlm committee largo enough to allow all sections
of the countrvtobe represented, and 1 will move
that the committee on the part of the Senate
consist of thirteen instead of six. I hope, under
the circumstances connected with the death of
this President., that the Senate w'ill concur in
this amendment and permit every portion of the
country to be represented.
ThePRESII)ENTpro to/iporg. Asan amend-
ment to the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont. the Senatorfrom Kansas moves that the
number of the committee be increased, and that
instead of six the committee consist of thirteen
members 011 the part of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to; there being,
011 a division—ayes 19, noes 1G.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPuriirox, its Clerk, announced
the concurrence of the House in the amendment
of the Senate to the concurrent resolution rela-
tive to an adjournment from the Oth instant to
Monday, the 11th instant.
Mr. FOOT. 1 move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
WEBxrsrm-, December (i, 18G5.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Rev. C. B. Boyxtox, Chaplain-elect of the
Ilou'-'e, opened with prayer, as follows:
Almighty God! God of our fathers and of 11s,
we give Thee thanks that the Congress of the
United States is permitted to gather here and
onee more repre-ent and legislate for a united
country: not only united, but purilied and
strengthened by her.trials and her sorrows, and
to remain, as we trust, through Thy grace
henceforth one and inseparable forever. We
thank Thee that not one star is missing from
the flag that floats over us; and that that ban-
ner, more loved and honored everywhere than
before, is recognized over the whole land ag the
symbol of proper authority, and is the sufficient
guardian now of every foot of our territory.
Wo thank Thee that the deadly strife is over;
that. <ime is already softening away many of the
asperities of the war, healing the wounds in
many hearts, and lifting somewhat the shadow
from the households where the pall of death
has been.
e thank Thee, 0 God, that the Congress
of the United States represents now virtually one
great, free Union; that, by organic law virtually
now freedom is universal throughout tho whole
land; that there is no longer a chain, nor a
slave, nor a master, legally, in the whole coun-
try ; and we pray Thee, 0 God, to give unto
this Congress tho wisdom and the courage of our
fathers to carry out- all such measures as are
needed to make this gift of freedom not one of
empty formality, but carrying with it all the
rights and privileges of manhood.
We thank Thee, 0 God, that free institu-
tions have been put on trial before the world;
and now that the issue has been so triumphant
a vindication of them, we bless Thee, O God,
that the trial was so severe that none can doubt
hereafter tho power or the stability of tho Re-
public.
And now wo invoke Thy blessing upon these
legislators. Fill them, wo prey Thee, with
wisdom from on high, and grant to them indi-
vidually every blessing that they need. Grant
unto the President of the United States espe-
cially grace, wisdom, and strength, rightly to
discharge the heavy responsibilities which aare
laid upon him; and bless also all those who
arc associated with him in the executive de-
partments of the Government.
Remember, O Lord, our wounded and crip-
pled soldiers everywhere, and let not the coun-
try forget their sufferings or their merits. Re-
member all who mourn, and give them conso-
lation. And may this whole bind be pervaded
by the spirit of the Gospel lluil our institutions
shall to based now upion those holy principles
of truih and of ligiiteousness proclaimed by
our Lord and Saviour, and (his be a Republic
tilling with its power and its influence a conti-
nent, and sending over the world the blessed
power, the recovering power, of a free and
Clnistian nation.
And unto Tlice, 0 God of our fathers, we
will give all the praise and the glory forever.
Amen.
The Journal of yesterday .was read and
approved.
The Chaplain-elect, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox,
then took the oath proscribed by law.
Mr. ELIOT asked unanimous consent to
submit a resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
cunnitxcv report.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
report of the Compti oiler of the Currency,
which was ordeicd to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, when ap-
pointed.
CONTESTED -ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the Tloi.se the papers in the contest !
for the seat of Hon. C. Delano, a Bepicent-
athe from tho thirteenth eoneies.-icnal dirtiict
of Ohio, by ChaWe,? Foi'.eit; which were ordered
to be referred to the Committee of Elections,
when appointed.
THE Vv'XDOW OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Mr. STEVENS asked unanimous consent to
introduce a bill for the relief of Mrs. Mary !
Lincoln, widow of tho late President of the
United States. j
Tho bill, which was read for information, di- j
rects that the Secretary of the Treasury pay, I
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to Mrs. Mary Lincoln, widow of
Abraham Lincoln, late President of the United
State0, or. in the event of her death before pay-
ment, then to the legal representatives of tho
said Abraham Lincoln, tho sum of $25,000;
provided, that any sum of money which shalj
have been paid to tho personal representative^
of the said Abraham Lincoln since his dealh'j
on account of his. salary as President of'th®
United States, shall be deducted from the sai|
sum of $25,000. „ ■ ' *
Mr. STEVENS. If there is no objection to
its introduction, I will ask that the bill be put
upon its passage. If there is oK^ection, I Ittji
wait for another occasion. ' .
No objection being made, the bill- was intra:
duced and read a first and second time by it|s
title. . 1 \
The SPEAKER. The question is ujjon al-
tering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hardly know in
what way I shall address the House, being
somewhat embarrassed by the manner in which
the bill is introduced. Mrs. Lincoln is a con-
stituent of mine, and I have been in consulta-
tion with the Illinois delegation, and with, the
administrator of the estate, in reference to the
subject-matter thegentlemanfromPennsylvania
has presented in his bill; and I hold in njy
hand-:—
Mr. STEVENS. I-will say to the gentleman
from Illinois that it waa thought to be in ac-
cordance with established usage that the old
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
should introduce the bill. I beg leave to with-
draw the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I see no
necessity for that.
_Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope tho gentleman
will allow me to conclude my remarks.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I trust the gentleman
from Pennsylvania knows me too well to sup-
pose I have any feeling of delicacy as to where
this bill originates. It was only in reference
to Mrs. Lincoln's present position and her ne-
cessities, that! deemed it my duty to consult
tho administrator of the estate before I made
any motion upon the subject. I consulted the
Illinois delegation yesterday, and nothingwould
lia\e plca.-cd me and the administrator better
tlian to have made my venerable friend the
organ of introducing this bill to the House.
But the bill of the gentleman is not in the shape
in which. I am sure, the members of this House,
if they knew all the circumstances, would wish
to have it pass.
Now, if my friend from Pennsylvania will be
so kind as to substitute for his bill the one I
hold in my hand, I will be much obliged to
him.
Mr. STEVENS. I am very sorry I intro-
duced the bill, and I hope my friend will move
to refer it to a select committee.
Mr. WENT WORTH.. 1 askthatthe substi-
tute may be read.
The substitute, which was read for informa-
tion, appropriates, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of  dollars for the relief of Mrs. Mary
Lincoln, the widow of the late President of the
United States, in full for his salary, and in con-
sideration of the circumstances under which he
came to his death.
Mr. STEVENS. Now, I hope the gentleman
from Illinois will move that both bills lie re-
ferred to 0. se-leet committee.
Mr. WEN iWORTH. 1 hope my friend from
Pennsylvania will withdraw his bill and accept
my substitute, and let it go to a select commit-
tee of one from each State. That was the
motion I was going to make. I want the gen-
tleman to father my bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I will withdraw my bill,
witii the consent of the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If the gentleman
withdraws his bill, will it be in order to offer
mine before the State of Illinois is called for
resolutions?
The SPEAKER. It will be by unanimous
consent.
Mr. STEVENS withdrew his bill by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. A\" ENTWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent now-to introduce my bill, that it may
