1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3951
liberty and tlie largest free speech, and enjoy-
ing the largest amount of abuse that I have
ever known any set of men to indulge in, ought
-of course to allow an American minister abroad
to write a private letter to a friend, even if that
friend is indiscreet enough to publish it.
If this man is an improper minister, if he
fails to represent the dignity of the nation
abroad, if he is incompetent, there is a remedy.
The remedy is in the hands of the chosen offi-
cer of the Republic, your choice and my choice,
and made so by the law and the Constitution.
If we are not patriots, if we are not lovers of
our country, we ought to be gentlemen enough
at least to stand upon our contract. You
clothed the President at the other end of the
avenue with the right to appoint and remove
these ministers abroad. You have agreed to
it. You differ with a large number of your
fellow-citizens as to the way in which he exer-
cises this power. Who is to decide? The law
decides ; the law provides for this difference of
opinion ; and when you happen to differ from
the President in such a case you must submit,
just as he must submit when you differ in ex-
ercising your proper functions here as against
his opinion.
But if the President will not remove this offi-
cer you have another thing that you can do.
You can abolish the mission. You can fight
the man fairly. If you do not like him you can
at least treat him within your sphere and within
the limits of your jurisdiction over his case, and
do it fairly. If Mr. Harvey has offended apply
the legal remedy ; but do not let us violate our
own national lienor; do not let us be false to
the national faith, and do not, let us repudiate
our contracts. Let us pay him what we owe
him, just as a common man is bound to pay
his laborer; and because we are a great Gov-
ernment, and because we represent the sover-
eignty of the nation, we should be proud that
no such blot or stain has ever been cast upon
it, as I say this debate, oven mooting the
question here in this body, will inevitably cast
upon it.
Where is there a precedent for this in the
history of the civilized world? I ask, when
was it mooted before that a Government could
violate its pledged faith to one of its public
servants aud refuse to pay him his salary just
because he did not happen to agree with one
of the parties of the country? I sav nothing
about the character of this letter. Whether it
is of an intemperate or temperate character
does not make any difference. In the first
place, I agree with the honorable Senator from
Ohio, who said that this was a private letter,
not intended for publication by the writer, or
not known that it was so intended, put, into cir-
culation by an imprudent friend, if you please.
Is he to suffer for that,? Are you to make your
ministers abroad slaves? Are they to sit down
at their desks, even in their private correspond-
ence, with a seal, not upon their lips exactly,
but upon the very action of their brains, to
think as you think? I hope, sir, that the Sen-
ate will not come to any such conclusion. I
do trust they will not, for their own sake, apart
from all else. Nothing, I think, could be so
mischievous; nothing could give our Govern-
ment such a character abroad as the news that
our minister at Portugal was refused his salary
because he criticised the action, not of Con-
gress, not of the Government, but of a party
in Congress. What would Europe say? Yvhat
would be the jeers and scoff-; and scorn of the
monarchists for our Government if you give it
to them to say all over Europe. ''What has
republicanism come to? YvThere has it come
to? Is not the tyranny," they would say,
"of a faction a thousand times worse than the
tyranny of a despot?" Is there a despot in
Europe who would dare to refuse pay to one
of his public servants because that servant had
written a letter of this kind? Nobody would
think of it.
Gentlemen who are so exceedingly tender
and thin-skinned about what is said in regard
to them will listen patiently, [ trust, while I
read a telegram that is paraded this morning
publicly in our newspapers, indited I am told
by a high public functionary of this land; one
in great favor with the dominant party; one
who stands extremely high in the esteem of
gentlemen who complain of this letter; one
who fixes his aim not upon a party, but upon
an individual, and that the individual whom
above all others the American people have
delighted to honor —not that the American
people are bound to believe everything that he
believes; not that they are bound to follow his
opinions; but he represents, and especially does
he represent to people abroad, the majesty of
this great Republic. May I ask, what joy, what
chuckling, and bubbling up of profound pleas-
ure took place among these same gentlemen
who are so thin-skinned when they read this
morning this telegram:
Hashville, July 19,1806.
Hon. J. W. Foeney,
Secretary United Stritefi Senate. Washinoton:
We have fought the battle and won it. We have
ratified the constitutional amendment in the House
—43 votes tor i t, 11 against it, two of Andrew J ohnson's
tools not voting. Give my respects to the dead dog
of the White House. Gt. BROWNLOW.
And the writer of this elegant epistle is, or
I believe professes to be, a man of God; a man
whose mission it was here on earth to preach
peace and good-will to all men ; a man who
was to employ himself in stilling and calming
the waves of passion as they aroused the peo-
ple ; a man, in other words, who professes
himself a follower of a divine Master who pro-
claimed that love was the great element which
entered and should enter into the composition
of true religion upon earth—this man writes
this telegram to the Secretary of the Senate,
the highest legislative and judicial tribunal of
the land! Ho insults the majesty of the na-
tion here in her very chosen forum. He insults
us; he insults everybody by supposing that we
would delight in that low, vile, filthy stuff which
even a Cshwoman would discard. I venture to
say there is not one on the wharves at Alexan-
dria thai would, unless provoked, befoul her
mouth with such language as that.
Now, compare that with the temperate—I say
temperate here in this connection—the temper-
ate criticism of Mr. Harvey upon the course of
the majority in Congress. I agree, if that was
pointed at a single man, there would be more
in it; but that criticism, when applied to a,
party, is as common as the daylight. But this
is unique; this is rare. This is the first time
in the history of the Senate, unquestionably,
that such a dropping as this has fallen from so
foul a bird into this Chamber; and it is the
first lime, I think, in the history of this Cham-
ber when members of this body would sit pa-
tiently by and not vindicate themselves from
the charge of being accessories to such^ vitu-
peration. And this is published with joyful
acclaim by an officer of this body, published
in the very sanctuary of American decency,
because if it is not to be found here, where
shall we find it? If we are not to be the ex-
emplars of the nation, at, least so far as the use
of calumny, vituperation, and Billingsgate is
concerned, what are we here for, and what
must we expect from the nation that is to take
its cue from us?
Gentlemen are afraid that our character will
suffer abroad from Mr. Harvey's criticism.
What will they think when I tell them that a
branch of Congress passed an appropriation
to circulate this paper, and to circulate it ex-
pressly abroad, as a specimen of American
journalism, as a specimen of the respect en-
tertained by the coordinate branches of this
Government for one another. I ask, what will
monarchical Europe say to that dispatch?
What will the aristocracy say to it? I hope
they will not read it. I trust., for the sake of
our character for common decency, that they
will not read it. But, sir, I say to the Demo-
crat of Europe, the man in favor of free insti-
tutions, the man in favor of a republican form
of government, this will be the bitterest thing
possible for him to read.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow me to say one word?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Is not that last clause of
Brownlow's telegram intended asasortof echo
to the 22d of February speech, in which the
author of that speech spoke of Colonel For-
ney, to whom that telegram was addressed, as
being a dead duek? Does he not understand
it to be an echo of that?
Mr. COWAN. I suspect it is.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose so.
Mr. COWAN. And I should like to know,
of all the things in the world, what it was that
the opponents of the President picked up, and
with such gusto discussed and distributed all
over-the country, as the fact that he indulged
in that allusion in the heat of a stump speech
at a serenade, with regard to the Secretary of
the Senate. I want to know if there was any
one thing in the whole course of the President's
life—I say in the whole course of it—that was
so carried about in the mouths of his opponents
and chewed like a sweet morsel under their
tongue everywhere in order to make capital
against him. Is not that true ? Did not thou-
sands and thousands of his opponents say that
if ho had not said that his speech was a very
good one? But this is not a speech; this is not
in the heat of extemporaneous harangue; this
is made coolly and deliberately, and sent off a
thousand miles here. If the other was wrong,
this is atrocious. If the other was the sound
and this is the echo, the echo has improved in
all that was awful and horrible a thousand times
over.
Mr. President, I am no apologist for vituper-
ation of any sort. 1 never indulge in it. I
know no kind of provocation which would in-
duce me so far to forget myself as to write,
print, orpublish, orallowto be written, printed,
orpublished, anythingof mine which descended
so low into the depths of human baseness as
this. Why is it done? For what purpose? At
a time when revolution is predicted and con-
vulsions anticipated by both parties, at a time
when the very foundations of society are break-
ing up, at a time when the worst is expected
by men from their political antagonists, is not
this the fuel upon which that flame is to be fed?
Are notthese firebrands which we send outinto
the standing corn, to create a conflagration
which may sweep over the whole country? Is
not this another, this striking out of this appro-
priation, this violation of our pledge to a pub-
lic servant, emanating from the same source
and from the same temper of heart which would
seek to do to an antagonist, right or wrong,
fair or foul, anything you could do?
Mr. President, I hope that the" Senate at
least, whatever it may do, will stand upon its
faith and preserve the national honor. If you
do not pay your minister to Portugal, you can-
not satisfy a public creditor that you will pay
your debt or your bonds.
Mr. WILSON. I do not see any prospect
of getting a vote on this report; and we had
a special assignment for one o'clock to-day,
the bill for the equalization of bounties, which
I desire to take up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday takes precedence of that.
Mr. WILSON. It was understood that that
was to be disposed of yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall have a vote
upon the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The question is on concurring
in the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to enter_ my
dissent to one doctrine of my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania; and that is, that this is a
contract that we cannot violate. The Senate
has no power over the appointments to office
except to confirm or reject them; theappoint-
ing power is with the President. But it is very
right and very proper that, in a case that jus-
tifies it, Congress should exercise the power
that it has, and that is, when a pubp? officer is
obnoxious, and Congress is satisfied that re-
taining him in his place is injurious to the
public interest or the public honor, it should
exerciso the power it has and refuse to appro-
