3958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
priatc for the payment of his salary, whatever j
it may be. That is a power that Congress j
possesses, and in a proper ease it is perfectly j
right for it to exercise it. It is a check that it !
has, that the Constitution intended it should j
have, and it is 110 violation of contract, be- i
cause the office terminates when any branch j
that has power over it sees fit to determine it.
In saying this, I do not wish to be under-
stood as saying that this is a proper case for '
the exercise of that power. It may or it may |
not be. I have expressed my opinion already ;
that I would not have taken this notice of this !
gentleman. 1 think it is undignified and not j
creditable in point of fact that it should be so; j
and I regret that it should have been intro-
duced into the appropriation bill. I think it
would have been better to have passed it by
with the notice that was taken of it before.
That is my opinion about it; but still I re-
main of the opinion that I expressed, that it
is not worth while to lose the appropriation
bill upon it, if such is the temper of the House.
I wish also to make one remark, that I do
uot suppose will do any good, upon this idea
that has grown up that either House has a right
to lose a bill in the great number of appropri-
ation bills that are passed. By the constitu-
tion of these bodies, it takes the two branches
to pass any appropriation or to pass any law,
or any clause of a lav.'; and I do not think that
either House has a right to demand of the
other that it shall accede to one particular I
proposition out of a hundred or that all shall I
be lost. 2\o one branch has a right to say to I
the other, "We insist that we will pass this j
particular clause, whatever it is. and if it is j
not passed, all shall go by the board.'' That j
is just committing the legislation of Congress !
to one branch. That becomes a law which ]
both Houses agree to and the President ap- ,
proves. But if it so happens that a particular j
clau.-e cannot be agreed to in both branches, j
mv judgment always has been that it ought to
be abandoned by the branch which proposes
it, because it lakes both branches to make a
law. But. nevcitheless, a different practice
has grown up, and one branch or the other—
I do not say one any more than the other—is
sometimes, for the sake of saving a bill, com-
pelled to yield its opinions. I do not think
that is correct in point of fact: but still, it so
happens that it is so. I hope it will be cor-
rected at some time or other.
Mr. DA\ IS. Mr. President. I understand
that this difficulty has originated upon an item
of ordinary appropriation for the salary of one
of our foreign ministers. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Maine that, where a proper occasion
arises, it is not only right, but it may be the duty
of Congress to make no appropriations to pay
salaries. I agree with the Senator from Michi-
gan in one of his positions, that if this min-
ister had entered into a partisan communica-
tion. in the presence of the court or authorities
of the country to which he was accredited, bv
which he took the side of the President or
the side of Congress in our domestic political
troubles, he would be an unfit representative
of our country at that court; but 1 do not un-
derstand that this minister has been guilty of
any sach oU'ense. If the honorable Senator
from Michigan, or any other gentleman, can
show that these sentiments, which, according
to my jndgmcnt. are just in truth and in prin- ij
ciple in relation to domestic parties here at j;
home, wen- expressed publicly and openly bv ;j
our minister at Portugal to the Government or 'i
the authorities or the public there. I would say :!
that he ".asunfit to represent the United States I1
of America at that country. j;
But ! understand the case to be entirely dif- ,1
ferent. 1 understand that this was a private !
communication from the minister at Portugal j;
to the Srcret.-iry of state : and! have no doubt !
that if tlie s>-erei annals of such correspond-
enee. from the beginning of the Government
to the present rim<\ could be revealed to the
public, there w ouhl be ten thousand instances
of similar communications. j:
Now, sir. suppose this letter. in<te!t'l of tak- l!
ing the side of the President and adopting the
line of reasoning and remark that it .did, had
taken the side of Congress, is anybody so sim-
ple-minded and credulous as to think that _it
would, if it had been revealed to the House,
been made the occasion and the cause of with-
holding his salary from that minister, if he had
advocated the side of Congress in precisely
similar terms to those in which he has advo-
cated the side of the President?
A partisan minister abroad writes to a friend
of the President, of whom he is a partisan, a
private letter, which is distasteful to the oppo-
site party. That is the whole of it; and from
every inference that we can make in relation
to this letter, judging of its contents, it was
never intended to be made public. It has been
made public without any agency on the part
of the writer; and both Houses of Congress
seriously make it the subject of so far impeach-
ing the minister abroad as to withhold from
him the payment of all salary. If the secrets
of different Administrations and their friends
and partisans abroad, in relation to their cor-
respondence. could have been obtained, there
would be found innumerable instances, I have
| no doubt, for withholding appropriations upon
precisely the same grounds that are now set
up as the cause for withholding the salary from
this minister.
Now, sir, I will advert to another fact. I
am myself a friend to the freedom of speech,
and I am willing to tolerate a considerable
degree of licentiousness to maintain the free-
dom of speech. I have witnessed no effort
upon the part of the majority in the Senate
to control or to correct the licentiousness of
speech or debate where it has been directed
against the President. We have an officer of
the Senate denominated its Secretary. He
receives a large salary, and he performs no
duties, so far as I have the means of observ-
ing his avocations. He publishes a paper in
this city and one iu the city of Philadelphia,
dailies, and iu those papers within the last few
weeks the most ferocious and indecent dia-
tribes have been published against the Presi-
dent. Where, then, was the zeal of the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Michigan and his friends?
If they wanted the employes of the Govern-
ment, those who are paid by it large salaries,
to observe a decent decorum toward the de-
partments of the Government and especially
toward the President, was not that a fit oeca-
sion and opportunity to rebuke and to correct
the licentiousness of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate ? I have not observed that any such at-
tempt was made.
It seems to me, sir, that the two Houses of
Congress are giving too much importance to
this matter. As to the last suggestion made
by the honorable Senator from Maine, that an
important bill should not be jeopardized by an
improper position or an improper hostility of
one of the Houses of Congress to that bill, I
will make simply this remark: the colloquy
between the committees of conference when
they met upon the subject of this bill has been
in part detailed to the Senate, and it reveals
to my mind what was not merely a menace,
but a very improper and gross menace on the
part of the committee of the House to the
committee of the Senate: "We have with-
drawn from this appropriation bill one of the ,
ordinary and usual items, the salary for the i
support of a minister abroad to the court of j
Portugal: you are to accept the eradication ]
of that appropriation from this bill, and unlets '
you do so it is idle and useless to hold any
conference on the subject." Why. sir, could
anything be more dictatorial, more improper?
1 do not think that the Senate ought to yield
to any such threat. I do not, think that the
committee on the part of the House should .
ever have made it, or that they should have
ever assumed that position, even if tlu-v ex- :
pressed it in the most proper and qualified ;
terms. I think that that position was alto- '
gether unauthorised, and the occasion for •
erasing that item of appropriation from the ■
bill wa- altogether inJullicient. i
I was struck by the few, honorable, manly
words of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. WaueJ
on this subject at the opening of the debate.
He said truly that this was a private letter; that
it was not intended for publication; and not
being intended forpublication, without regard
to the sentiments expressed in the letter, he
was opposed to the writer of it, under such a
state ot fact, from being held to any responsi-
bility ; and 1 think such is the justice and the
propriety of the matter.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, this debate is
getting a little interesting. For the first half
day I did notcare much about it; but if it lasts
a day or two longer I think 1 shall be profoundly
interested in it. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has contrived to lend a charm to it that
I did not suppose it was capable of. I sup-
! posed the question presented to the Senate on
| the report of this conference committee was
! simply whether we should concur in that report
| or not; but I understand from the Senator
| from Pennsylvania that it involves us in a
j breach of faith to begin with, and secondly,
j that it involves us in revolution. These are
two pretty strong objections; and for fear that
neither of them would hold good, the Senator,
I believe, sets up a counter-claim, and wants
to set off against the indignity contained in the
letter of our minister at Portugal what he con-
siders the indignity offered to the President of
the United States in a dispatch sent from a
Governor of Tennessee.
Mr. President, there is no violation of the
public faith, there is no breach of a contract
involved in our withholding the salary of the
minister to Portugal or of any other officer
holding office under the Government of the
United States. Every such man holding office,
holds it. not upon the contract that he shall
| have it for any given time, nor upon the con-
j tract that he shall have any given amount of
J pay; but he holds it and all men know ho
| holds it simply until be is removed from it,
i and for such pay as the law may from time to
time provide and appropriate. The President
has the power to terminate his right to a dol-
lar's salary any day by removing him. The
Congress has the power to terminate his right
to any given amount of salary by decreasing it
or increasing it any day, and has the power to
terminate his right to get any salary by with-
holding the appropriation. These are the con-
ditions under which every man holds ofiiee.
There is no violation of contract when the Pres-
ident removes him. There is no violation of
contract when Congress increasesor diminishes
the pay : and none when they withhold the ap-
propriation. This power was reserved to Con-
gress for the express purpose of securing to
the public service, to the service of the people,
such conduct as should be appreciated and
approved by them. It is for that reason that
while your President can anpoint officers, he
cannot pay any of them a dollar. It is for that
reason that every dollar that goes to any one
of your officers must be appropriated by Con-
gress; and that these appropriations may come
most directly from the representatives of the
people, you cannot originate a bill fo appro-
priate a dollar to anybody, either in the White
| House or in the Senate, but only in that branch
I of the Legislature which stands nearest to the
; people.
| Sir, there is no violation of contract here. Is
j there anything revolutionary? The Senator
j from Pennsylvania stands here in his seat and
, cautions us against an act of this kind because
i the public mind is feverish and all men arc
! predicting revolution and violence and disturb-
ance, and that it is our busim'ssto avoid every-
thing that will lead to these results. Has the
Senator from Petmsj, Ivania taken the course
bost calculated to a\oid these results? Who
predicts revolution and insurrection? Who
threatens it? Neither those predictions nor
these threat have ever come from me or from
those v.-ifh whom I act.
Hut, sir, is it true that revolution hangs upon
fin' question whether we pass nn appropriation
fo pay Mr. Harvey or not? Has it come to
