2998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
the influence brought to bear by the Secretary
of' the Navy upon the board when they were
in the progress of their examination. The fact
was that the board was composed of those who
were influenced by local considerations besides
the influence brought to bear on them from the
Department.
I now state what I think must be a surprise
to this House, that after this board had made
this report, under the law of Congress by which
the Secretary of the Navy was required by the
decision of that board to locate this yard at one
point or the other, the Secretary of the Navy
hi Uis next report ignored the conclusion to
which that board had arrived, and expressly
said in his annual report, 1' I propose to accept
from the city of Philadelphia the munificent
gift, of League Island unless Congress .shall
otherwise direct." And, sir, it will be borne
in mind that the Somite immediately, by a very
decisive vote, declared that the Secretary of the
Navy should not take it without the consent of
Congress. And I know it to bo the fact that
when I came to the Thirty-Eighth Congress
efforts were made by the Navy Department lo
keep me off the Naval Committee—1 having
had no connection with the subject—an inter-
ference with the organization of this House
which, if it had occurred in England two hun-
dred years ago. would have sent a Cabinet, min-
ister to the Tower as a breach of the privilege
of the Commons.
The Navy Department did not, however, suc-
ceed. But I found as my associates on the
committee two members from Pennsylvania,
rather an unusual thing in the construction of
committees in this House. The question came
before that committee in the last Congress, and
for two months we weie engaged in examining
it both upon personal investigation and in the
hearing of witnesses and argument; wo heard
everything that could be said in argument On
the subject; we tool; testimony, and by a lar^e
majority the committee oanio ti> a conclusion
reallirming the opinion of I lie board of officers
as contained in liie report which 1 bold in my
hand. [ quote the language of the Naval
Committee of the last Congress:
"Lb-vouh Isi.anii.—The committee entered upon
an examination <>f tins site piepavcd (o find very
many u.ih anU^cs in its favor for t tii! pioposcd estab-
lishment. Its fteoisraphieal position, its situation
Upon oin; of our iuntost rivers, and tho iidvautuKe
churned foi it of tre.-h water, ils vicinity to a larRe
oily, and the skilled liilvn* ohtainahlo therefrom, its
Proximity to Hickreat beds of iron and coal, tor which
Pennsylvania is justly famous, with other advan-
tages, fioin tin; lh>t challenged the attention of the
committee, and were strongly pressed upon (hem
din-ins; the evamimition by the friends of this locality.
Allowing these their due weight, however, so uiany
and formidable objections were dove'oped upon a
thorough investigation that tho committee ca,mo to
the coneliismn "that the pubim interests would not
bo piomoted" by its selection—many of the advan-
tages e',limed for it, upon examination, tarninp: nut
to Ijofjuito as applicable to other localities,and somo
ot the objections seeinny,' to your committee, from
tlii'ir very nature and magnitude, insuperable."
But we did not get decisive actiou in that
Congress, although there was a strong pressure
from the Navy Department brought to bear
upon Congress in favor of League island. The
question then came to this Congress, and now,
after four years of war to get League Island
into the Union, or rather togelitinlodaylight,
above the level of the water—a war whichi in
the language of a celebrated platform, has thus
for proved to lie a failure—it remains for Con-
gress to say upon this day's debate whether it
now shall be a success. The gentleman at
last, negativing all other sites, all the conclu-
sions of the Committee on Naval Affairs, of
the experts of the commission ordered by Con-
gress, comes and presents his bill in favor of
an examination of this .site, and this site alone.
Now, T will ask the attention of the House
for one moment to this bill. Let us see what
its provisions are. It is a very artful bill. It
does rpvit.e as much if not more credit to the
gentleman's ingenuity than to his fairness
and magnanimity. It holds the word of
promise to the ear but breaks it to the hope.
It assumes to provide that a commission shall
first examine the site, (the gentleman not hav-
ing the confidence to ask the House, upon its
merits, to decide in favor of League Island,)
and that - the island shall not be accepted
unless that commission shall report in favor
of it as fitted for a naval station. Now, I
say that the bill provides no such thing, bat
is artfully and designedly contrived, as I be-
lieve, to prevent any such thing. I say con-
trived, because the bill follows, for a certain
length, the original bill presented to the Sen-
ate in 1802, and then switches off at a con-
venient point which provided for a thorough
examination and survey of League Island.
Whatdoes this bill provide? In its substan-
tive enacting clause it provides that the Sec-
retary of the Navy shall be authorized to re-
ceive and accept League Island, and then qual-
ifies it by providing that it shall not be acccpted
unless—what? Unless a commission upon a
"thorough examination and survey"' shall
report it to be a good place for a naval sta-
tion, as the other bill did? Not at all. It
cunningly interpolates other language at that
point and provides that it shall not be received
and accepted unless "tho acceptance shall be
recommended" by a board of officers. Does
it provide, or was it intended to provide, that
that board should make '' an examination and
survey with reference to its adap:ability for a
naval .station?'' No, sir. Why then did the
gentleman abandon tho language of the first
bill? By the first bill the boaid were required
to examine and report as to whe'lier it was a
good place for a naval station. This provides
that it shall not be accepted unless "its ac-
ceptance" shall be recommended by the com-
mission.
What. Mill this commission do? Finding a
bill has been passed by Congress accepting
the title of League Inland, provided they *liall
recommend its acceptance, and knowing the
wish of tho Navy Depn. tinent to be that it
shall be accepted, and lia\ ing the land offered
lo the Government, of course the commission
will recommend its acceptance as a valuable
donation to the (ioverninont,—-not specmcaily
for naval purpose, not for a basin for iron-clads,
not upon •'examination and survey," which
(hey are not required to make, but, as a "munif-
icent" donation of six hundred acres of land,
in the lofty language of the Secretary of the
Navy.
Mr. DELANO. Will the gentleman allow
me to iiuerrupt him for an inquiry?
Mr. BRANDEUEE. It will be no interrup-
tion from that, quarter. •
Mr. DELANO. 1 wish to inquire what will
be the probable expense of a naval station at
League Island.
Mr. BltAX DEGEE. It will give me tho
greatest pleasure to answer that, question in
thai part, of my argument in which 1 shall ad-
dress myself to that pint of the subject.. 1
hope 1 shall not forget so important a ques-
tion; if 1 do I will thank the gentleman to
remind mo of it before I get through.
Now, if I can get tho attention of the House
for a very few moments, I will read from the
report of Admiral Stringliam. I do not pre-
tend to offer myself as a disinterested witness
on this question. Everybody knows the inter-
est by which I am biased. I ask this House
to believe nothing of my statements except it
is corroborated by the testimony of disinter-
ested witnesses or supported by sound argu-
ment. Now, if those who feel an interest in
the American Navy and in so important a
question as this will listen a moment, I will
read from this report, signed by Admiral
Stringliam and three others of the highest
naval authorities of this country. On page 1(5
of that report, I read the following:
"League Island is a reclaimed marsh, surrounded
by a dry stono wall and embankment of earth, raised
to exclude the river. A portion of the island was
reclaimed many years since, and is known as the old
meadow. We have no poMtivts information on this
point, but presume that at tho time the wait and em-
bankment wei e built alt the land worth reclaiming
was embraced within the inelosure. Subsequently,
and about eighteen years since, as we are informed,
the inelosurc was extended so as to embrace an ad-
ditional aiea, now known as The new meadow. Ac-
cording to ,i 1)1.111 which has been submitted to the
board by a committee liom the Uoard of Trade,, this
old meadow contains two hundred and nineteen acres
and the new meadow one hundred and litty-five
acres."
My friend, who I suppose has studied Da-
boll's Arithmetic, by putting together those two
sums, one hundred and fifty-five and two hun-
dred and nineteen, will find the precise area of
this island. If my mathematics are not at fault
it amounts to only three hundred and seventy-
four acres. Where, then, are the six hundred
acres of valuable land for this grand naval sta-
tion, according to the assertion constantly made
by the Department, and which the gentleman
has repeated here to-day? Sir, there are but
three hundred and seventy-four acres there at
best.
"On the north of the island, and between it
and the main there is a channel." And here
is the point where they propose to make a
basin for our iron-clads. "There is a channel
which, we are told, was of sufficient depth in
former days to float large ships-of-war; now
it is a narrow and shallow channel, not suffi-
cient to float vessels of any size used by the
Navy."
And Admiral Smith, whom the gentleman
quotes, the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, told us in his testimony that the iron-
clads which were there to-day were aground
three feet in the mud; and I am credibly in-
formed that the bottoms of two of them have
been stove through during the past winter.
'' Largo areas of marshes have formed on
the cast and west ends and on the north side
of the island, and the whole appearance indi-
cates a constant and rapid accumulation from
the immense deposits of the Delaware river.
To raise the surface of the island"—and I call
the attention of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Delano] particularly to this point—"Toraise
the surface of this island to a height which
would render it safe from the encroachment
of high tides will require a filling of from nine
to ten feet over tho whole area; and if, as has
been suggested, a lino of wharf front be ear-
ned out to the twenty-three feet lino," which
is where tho water in the channel is twenty-
three feet deep. For bear in mind the face of
this island is about three or four hundred yards
from this channel, and tho water along the front
line of the island is not deep enough, and yon
must go out to the twenty-three foot line of
depth before you can get a place for a vessel
to lay in. And to do that, "will involve au
additional filling of a space one mile long, and
averaging four hundred and eighty-one feet wide
and nineteen feet deep."
And then tho report goes onto say, "To
furnish the materials for this immense filling,
which will amount in the aggregate to several
mill ions of cubic yards, it is said that an abun-
dant supply can be had from Red Bank, on the
opposite side of the river that is in the Stale
of New Jersey. They have to go over to New
Jersey to get the necessary filling to build up
this island. For bear in mind that the whole
main land in contiguity to League Island is as
low as the island itself, and is diked to prevant
tho water from overflowing it. There is no
place there where matarials can be obtained
for this filling in, but they must go to New
Jersey for it. I do not know whether it is free
soil in New Jersey or not. I suppose not, for
this report goes on with rather quaint humor
to say: " There is probably an abundance of
good material on the shores of New Jersey,
but it must be purchased from the proprietors
and transported across the river; a process
which, in the opinion of the board, will involve
an expenditure of at least one million dollars."
Now, everybody who came before the Naval
Committee of this Congress agreed that there
must be this filling to the extent of three, six,
or nine feet. Assistant Secretary Fox —a very
high authority upon questions of naval engi-
nee rmg, of course, he being a lieutenant in
the Navy, and from a lieutenancy having been
translated to the Navy Department, and now,
we hope, translated to a more honorable and
comfortable position abroad—Assistant Secre-
tary Fox himself agreed that it must be filled
