1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
clause in the Declaration of Independence was
a mere rhetorical flourish without any practical
• meaning. It may be said by the same class
that ilio clause in the Constitution that guar-
anties republican government also'has uo prac-
tical meaning. That assertion, however, will
be of little avail with a people who have suf-
fered so much and who have so many safe-
guards to provide, for the future. This provis-
ion has grown to be one of the most important
provisions of the fundamental law. It is the
restraining and constraining power that keeps
the parts confined to their spheres ^nd takes
away the causes of jarring dissensions. It
was designed to keep all political authority
restricted to the protective principle. However
expanded the nationality or jurisdiction might
become, it was intended that expansion should
carry with it the highest aud best system of
protective government. This was known by
our fathers to be, as we know it to bo, the only
effective bond of Union. On the protective
principle must we build the foundations of re-
publican government, for that is strength, that
alom; is peace, that is progress. I am of the
opinion, sir, that when the power of Congress,
us it exists under the Constitution, is fully and
w idely comprehended by the people, and ac-
knowledged aud recognized by the people, it
will do much to hasten the settlement of all
dill'ienlties. The very prestige of this power
will have the same eli'eet to keep the peace
internally as the prestige of national power
hns*in keeping the peace with other nations.
Mr. President,, it has been said, and repeat-
edly insinuated in political circles, that the Re-
publican parly has performed ils mission ; that
the great Union party of more recent forma-
tion lias ended its work ; that the rebellion has
been put down, and that the party that has car-
ried the nation, through its perils thus far is not
adapted to the consummation of a conciliatory
peace. It' such a peace is meant as would coin-
prom'sc with the pro-slavery spirit, as would
aim at the iveslablishment 01' continuance of
loc.d despotism in the Mouth : that would deny
piofeefiou (o the natural and personal rights of
cii i/.enship; that would bring the enemies of the
Government South into effective alliance with
ihe forces of doubtful loyalty in the North;
I hen, sy-, i trust that the great Union party is
not in the frame of mind to negotiate or estab-
lish any such peace. The balance of the mis-
sion of litis party is very different. It finds
manifold dilheultie.s of the same Hat tiro of those
which troubled our fathers at the close of the
Revolution. It finds these, dillieulties multi-
plied by a many times multiplied defection of
politic,il forces; by a vast national debt which
these Ibices would repudiate; by a basis for
illegitimate claims against the (ioveiliment,
that, if allowed, would destroy our national
seeui'iiuM and prostrate the nation in finance;
and added to this, the desperate elforts that
will bo made to undermine the political mo-
rality ot* t hlegislative and departmental pow-
ers of the Government. Our public affairs are,
ami will continue to be. in a critical situation
for years to come. The danger docs not lie
with the loyal people of the Union, for thev
who have stood by their own great cause will
not forsake it unless they are paralyzed by a
b( trayal here—here, at Ihe seat of Government.
J twill be here, in the Halls of Congress, and in
the departments of the Government, it' betrayal
comes at all. Were it competent for mo to
send forth a word of admonition to the people,
i would say to them : "Stand fojour owngrcat
Cause with continued fidelity. Let nsbcar our
bmdens with patience and our griefs with for-
titude. Send into the Halls of Congress none
but such as you know you can trust, while the
pledge is given hero that none will be permit-
ted to enter, with the assent of Congress, who
would betray your cause."
Mr. President, I stand herono less t,ho friend
of the South than the friend of the North. I
yield to no man in honest desire to do that
which is best. We have all been instructed by
common calamity, and if I have dealt plainly
with the causes that led to it, 1 have neither
spoken in malice nor intentionally stepped be- I
yondthe-bounds of a just propriety. IftheSouth
choose to liberalize her policy, to put its indus-
trial forces into requisition on the principle of a
just mutuality, to invite capital, enterprise, and
skill by amenity, to make the South flourish as
it is capable of flourishing, its people socially
and politically contented by improvementin the
condition of its society, no one will rejoice more
than myself, and no one will labor more ear-
nestly to promote by any possible means such
condition. I will assume, sir, that I speak the
sentiment of the majority in this Congress
when I express the desire that the seceded
States shall bo restored at the earliest possible
day consistent with the public security. That
time will depend on the greatly altered frame
of mind that must come over the people of
those States. I hope the time may soon come
when the South can say with pride, "The
strength of the North is my strength," and
that the North can say with confidence, "The
strength of the South is my strength." I trust
that all the States will be enabled ere long to
say, "We ha\e built our governments, State
and national, on the immutable principles of
justice. On this platform must we all stand,
assured that such only can be made the foun-
dation of stable government." I assume this
to be the uUiniatum of the majority in Con-
gress and the voice of the Union party that
elected it.
While I am no advocate for the centraliza-
tion of powers that could by possibility prove
dangerous, 1 am the advocate of such central
[lower as may operate with effect against local
despotism; bo adequate to diffuse simple jus-
tice, and make it extend to every political com-
munily, however remote from the center. This
is all 1 claim -r and this much, I think, is made
more and more apparent the more we study the
nature and design ol' our Government. . To the
student of political philosophy our Government
will hereafter appear to have no feature or
power of oppression, aggressive orpermissive.
When this is practically realized, and practi-
cally acknowledged, if such things be permitted
to those beyond the grave, the live great men
who stood up before the continental Congress
and proclaimed a new political theory may look
down and say, ''Itisaeeomplished! itisaccom-
plished 1"
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise, Mr. President, for
the purpose of addressing the Senate upon the
resolution before us, and upon the cognate ques-
tions which belong to it; but 1 feel almost phys-
ically incapable of doing it so as to attract the
attention of the Semite (if 1 should he able to
attract the attention of the Senate under any
circumstances j at this time of the day; and I
should bo very much obliged lo the Senate if
they would postpone the subject until to-mor-
row.
The PRgSIDINGOFFICER, (Mr. Pomkkoy
in the chair.) The Senator from Maryland
moves that the further consideration of this
resolution bo postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. FESSliNDHN. 1 should like to know
how long it is to bo postponed, as I desire to
get some sort of an idea when wo may'expeet
to get a vote. I of course have nothing to
say against the wish of the Senator from Mary-
land, for I repeat, 1 do not see how gentlemen
en this side of the Chamber who were so will-
ing to accommodate one of our friends last
night can refuse to accommodate the Senator
from Maryland to-niglit. 1 shall vote as 1 did
before with reference to an adjournment, be-
cause 1 think we ought to settle this matter at
some time or other; but as 1 have been over-
ruled by the Senate once on that subject, of
course 1 consider myself as instructed to let
this debate go along to any length that gentle-
men may choose. I tried very hard to get it
through last night, but I found three of my
brethren on the committee voting against me
and one other absent.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not feel any embar-
rassment on the ground that the Senator from
-Maine states, for I voted against the adjourn-
ment yesterday, even lo gratify my friend irom
Nevada, and I shall vote against adjourning
for the accommodation of any Senator, if the
Senator from Maine insists on going on with
this resolution. I think there ought to be some
time fixed when the vote shall be taken. If
that is not done, I think we had better leave
this subject and attend to some other business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
from some one on the other side of the Cham-
ber whether there are other gentlemen there
who desire to speak on this subject, because,
if we are to adjourn from day to day without
knowing when we are'to get a vote, we may as
well abandon the whole thing. .
Mr. STEWAllT. I desire to say something
before the debate on this subject is concluded.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is the Senator ready
to go on?
Mr. STEWART. I had not anticipated going
on now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator is ready
to speak, I suppose he may just as well go on
this evening.
Mr. STEWART. I would prefer not to go
on now.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are some reasons
why the military bill ought to bo considered as
soon as possible; and why not go on with that
now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a vast deal
of business awaiting our action ; and if Sen-
ators desire that this resolution shall bo brought
to a conclusion, they must stay here and try to
dispose of it. I shall certainly make no objec-
tion to-night lo a postponement to accommo-
date the Senator from Maryland, for I took the
liberty of stating yesterday that if Senators on
this side chose to adjourn for the accommoda-
tion of one of our friends, they must necessa-
rily do itfor one of our adversaries. They chose
to do it, and therefore I cannot see how the
thing can well be helped now; but I shall make
no motion with regard to it.' Gentlemen can
do as they see fit.
Mr. HEN D HICKS. In answer to the ques-
tion of the Senator from Maine, I will say that
I do not know what gentlemen on this side of
the Chamber are going to speak, but I think the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Saolsbury] in-
tends to speak upon this resolution. I am not
prepared to say beyond that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will make one more
effort. I wish to say to Senators on this side
of the Chamber that if they adjourn over until
to-morrow, I shall to-morrow ask them to stay
until the matter is finished, let it be as late as
it may.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think that would be
rather an unreasonable proposition on the part
of the chairman of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir; I will
try it, reasonable or unreasonable.
.'Mr. HENDRICKS. _If this were legislation
and he had charge of it, 1 should not think
there would be any question of his right to ask
that of the Senate; but this is a simple propo-
sition to tie the hands of Congress. Congress
proposes to tie its own hands, as though it were
afraid it would do something that would not bo
satisfactory to itself. I do not see any occa-
sion (if we are lo have this kind of proposi-
tion ) to crowd the matter. If the Senator from
Delaware wants to speak, I shall certainly not
expect to see him required to speak at any un-
reasonable hour. The Senator from Mary-
land to-morrow will address the Senate in the
morning, and the Senator from Nevada 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Next morning, and the
Senator from Delaware the next morning and
the Senator from somewhere else the next
morning.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know about
that. The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart]
expects to speak after the Senator from Mary-
land. I should not want to see the Senator
from Delaware crowded into a late hour of to-
morrow evening to make his argument.
Mr. STEWART. If there is to be no other
time except to-night for me to talk, I will go
on now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir.
