1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2089'
colleague, that no original letter from the Sec-
retary of the Interior has come before the com-
mittee. There is before the Senate a propo-
sition for the reorganization of the whole Inte-
rior Department, and in connection with that
proposition a letter from the Secretary of the
Interior has been communicated to the Senate.
I believe that that proposition provides for a
similar reorganization of the pension depart-
ment to that originally _proposed by this bill;
in other words, it provides for an increase of
the salaries of the higher grades of clerks in
that depaitmcnt. A copy of that communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Interior was
sent to me as chairman of the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
I now demand the previous question.
The previousquestion was seconded and the
main questiou ordered, which was upon the
passage of the bill.
Mr. SPA LDING called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas .and nays were ordered..
Mr. KASSON. I desire to inquire whether
the bill as it now stands makes any change
touching the salary of the chief clerk of the
Pension Bureau.
The SPEAKER, ft does not.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 01, nays 51, not voting
71 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Benjamin, Blaine, Boyer, Buekland,
Reader W. Clarke, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Eggleston, Farquhar, Glossbrenner, Hale,
Hayes, Ilolracs, ChesterD. Hubbard, Ilulburd, James
M. Humphrey, Ingcrsoll, Jenekes, Kelley, Iielbo,
George V. Lawrence, Lyneh, Marvin, Mclluer, Mer-
cur, Moorbcad, Morrill, Morris, Newell, Nicholson,
O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Plants, William H. Ran-
dall, Rogers. Rollms, Smith, Stevens, Strouse, Taber,
Tavlor, Thayer. John L. Thomas, Van Aeinam, Burt
Van Horn. Warner, William B. Washburn, Wolker,
Whaley, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and AYood-
bridffe—Gl.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Baker, Beaman,
Boutwell, Bromwcll, Broomall,*Chanler, Conklmg,
Oook, Doming, Eldrid^e, Farnsworth, Ferry, Fmek,
Gnotlyear, Grider, Ann or C. Harding, Henderson,
Edwin N. llubbell, Julian, Ivasson, Kuj'kenilall,
Latham, Loan, Longvear, Marshall, MeClurg, Me-
Ivce, Moulton, Orth, Paine, Phelps, Price. John IX.
Rico, Hitter, Ross, Schenck, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves.
Spalding. Thornton, Trowbridge, Upson, Ward, Elihu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Weutworth,
James F. Wilson, Windom, and Wright—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Dclos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baxter, Bergen, Bidivell,Bingham,
Blow, Br.mdcgce, Bundy, Sidney Claike, Cobb, Cof-
froth. Cullom, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Daw-
son, Defrecs, Delano. Denison, Duniont, Eliot, Gar-
field, Grinncll, (xriswold, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Hart, Iligby, Hill, Ilogan, Hooper. Ilotchkiss Asahel
W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
James R. llubbcll, James Humphrey, Johnson, Jones,
Ken, KcU.ham, Lallin, William Lawrence, Lc Blond,
Marston, MeCullongh, Melndoe, Mdler, Myers, Nib-
lack, Noell, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice. Rousseau, Saw-
yer, Scolield, Shanklin, Sloan, Starr, Stilwell, Francis
Thomas, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, and Win-
field—71.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. VAN AERNAM stated that Mr. Hub-
bard, of Connecticut, was confined to his room
by sickness.
The result was announced as above stated.
slixp-canal ahound niagara falls.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, from the
Committee on Roads and Canals, reported
back, with amendments, the bill (H. R. No.
344) entitled "An act to construct a ship-canal
around the falls of Niagara."
Mr. PAINE. The gentleman from New
York yields to mc ; and I oifer an amendment
in the nature of a substitute for the bill, and
ask that it may be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the substitute will be ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Van Horx] to yield to me that
I may oifer a substitute for the amendment.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I cannot
yield any further at present.
Mr. Speaker, owing to quite severe indis-
position I will not this morning occupy the time
of the House at anv great length in discussing
this measure; but after a few remarks, stating
the objects and features of the bill, I will yield
the remainder of my hour to several gentlemen
who desire to be heard upon this subject. The
bill is reported by the committee with sev||al
amendments which I propose the House shall
act upon hereafter; and 1 reserve the right to
conclude what I have to say wheu the previous
question shall have been ordered, if the House
shall see fit to order it.
Mr. Speaker, this is a measure of great
national importance, and I propose to enter
upon the discussion of the question in that
light. This project has received the favorable
action of the Government on several occasions
in the past. Surveys for such a work have on
several occasions been made under the direc-
tion of the Government by competent engi-
neers. Reports of those surveys have been
made, and are on file for the examination of
all gentlemen who are interested.
Several years ago Captain Williams, one of
the most distinguished of our engineers, made
a survey under the direction of the Govern-
ment for the construction of this work. He
surveyed several routes and made his report.
That survey and report were made in a time
of peace. "He said in that report it was a work
of great military necessity, and that the Gov-
ernment should enter upon the construction of
the canal as a military work. Of course we
all admit it is a work of great commercial im-
portance and benefit to the country. It is the
only link wanted in the communication between
the great lakes and rivers as it proposes to
connect Lake Erie with Lake Ontario. Then
we shall have a continuous line of communi-
cation from Lake Superior to Lake Ontario
and the river St. Lawrence.
Now, sir, I am sorry to say that the chief
opposition to this project comes from my own
State. During the last few days some docu-
ments have been circulated and laid upon the
de^ks of members, issuing from the canal au-
thorities of the State of New York, urging upon
the Representatives from that State to oppose
the passage of this measure as being against,
the interests of New York. I say I am sorry
the opposition to this great national project
should come from my State. I have no sym-
pathy with such opposition, and I take no part
in it whatever, because I believe this is a meas-
ure of national impoitance and utility, and as
a member of Congress L-gislaling for the whole
country, I am not disposed to throw obstacles
in the way of such a measure although it may
seem to some small extent to interfere with the
interests of New York. Being a measure of
great national importance and utility to all sec-
tions of the country, I think I should make no
opposition to it.
What has been the position of New York iu
regard to the measure heretofore? On four or
five occasions New York has gone in favor of
this proposition. As early as 17U8 a company
was incorporated called the Niagara Canal
Company, which looked directly to the" con-
struction of a ship-canal like that proposed by
this bill. xVgain in 1823 the Legislature ol the
State of New York took similar action and
again incorporated a company for the construc-
tion of this work. In 18.38 similar action was
taken; only recently, within the last two weeks,
the popular branch of my State has passed a
bill providing for the incorporation of a com-
pany to construct this work, by the large vote
of 85 to 30. I am aware that measure failed
in the Senate, or will doubtless be lost. I am
not certain whether it has been lost in the Sen-
ate, but I understand it has been loaded with
amendments to such an extent that its friends
do not desire it to pass. Nevertheless, the
popular branch of the Legislature, represent-
ing immediately the people ol my State, has
acted on the proposition, and passed the bill
to which I have referred.
What does this bill propose? In the first
place, it provides that the President shall ap-
point engineers who shall go upon the ground
and mate surveys and report their views, and
upon those surveys and facts so reported he
shall locate the route of this ship-canal. I
may say there are several routes spoken of as
desirable for the construction of this canal.
The President is to locate the route after these
surveys which will best secure the greatest
benefit to the commercial interests of the
country, and at the same time the greatest
naval and military advantages.
It provides further for a commission which
shall take into consideration the advantages
derived from such a work and adjust the dam-
ages. The commissionetfPare to hear all cases
that arise and settle them upon their merits.
After the route is thus selected the Presi-
dent is authorized to contract with any com-
pany that, may be incorporated by any State, or
organized in any State—in New York no more
than any other State—for the construction of
this work on the plan prescribed in the bill.
It further provides that this company shall
proceed at a certain time with this work, and
shall complete it within a given time, and that
the Government shall loan bonds to the amount
of $0,000,000 in aid of the construction of
this work. The company is, however, to pay
all the expense for survey and damages as-
sessed up to the beginning of this-work; but
as fast as the company expends $300,000,
upon the certificate of the engineers the Gov-
ernment. is to issue $200,000 of bonds, and so
on for every additional $300,000 expended,
until the whole $0,000,000 of bonds are ex-
hausted.
It further provides that ten per cent, of all
the tolls received from this canal after paying
the expenses and keeping up the repairs, is to"
be paid into the Treasury of the United States,
on Ihe 1st of January in each year, to reim-
burse the Government for the money thus
loaned.
And I may say here that the Governme.nt, in
consideration of this, is to have control, so far
as its own use is concerned, in all time to come,
of this canal. It is to have the supervision also
with reference to its being kept in good condi-
tion during the whole time it may be in posses-
sion of the company.
It further provides that the Government may
at any time purchase this canal by paying to
the company what it has expended in-its con-
struction, and in addition thereto ten per cent,
on the actual cost of the canal, and take pos-
session of it itself.
This is what the bill proposes. As T said
before, this is a work of great national impor-
tance. There is now already a canal upon the
Canada side, called the Welland canal, con-
necting the lakes. But three fourths of all the
shipping of the upper lakes is American ship-
ping. It is xVmerican enterprise which has
built the Welland canal, and which keeps it
up ; and if we do not have a canal of our own
on our own side there will soon be an enlarge-
ment of that canal, for measures are already
taken to secure it, so as to accommodate the
largest vessels that float on our lakes.
It is therefore a question whether we are to
have the benefit of this great work, or whether
Canada shall have it.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would 'tike to ask the gen-
tleman a question right here.
Mr. VAN* HORN, of New York. Very well.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would like to know what
benefit this canal will be to the xVmerican com-
merce after this large expenditure, so long as
the control of the St. Lawrence river is with
the English Government.
Mr. VxlN HORN, of New York. It win be
the same benefit to our commerce that the Wel-
land canal now is.
Mr. TAYLOR. What benefit will that be
since the abrogation of the reciprocity treaty ?
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I do not
understand that the ubiogation of that treaty
deprives us of the use of that canal. In the
year 1802 I understand that over thirty millions
of commerce passed through the W elland oanal
into Lake Ontario, and more than three fourths
of it went into xVmerican ports and did not go
into the river St. Lawrence. VV e want a com-
munication for the benefit of our commerce,
and if we do not furnish this communication
Canada will do it.
