1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2999
three feet. Admiral Smith, the chief of the
bureau who has charge of this matter, testified
that it must be filled to the level of the wall,
or at least nine feet.
Now, to got rid of this objection of having
to go to the New Jersey shore to get dirt for this
filling, a most ingenious plan was suggested by
Assistant Secretary Fox, whose name, even, is
suggestive of ingenuity upon that subject. He
suggested to the committee that this back chan-
nel, which had been filled up by the accumula-
tion of the immense deposits from the Delaware,
should be dredged out and spread upon the
island, although the island is now so soft that
you cannot put a building upon it with less
than fifty or sixty feet, piling from the surface.
And in a letter volunteered to the committee
'—and he has written a great many letters to
the committee, besides seeing its members,
and a great many members of the House—in
a letter to the committee he suggested that
that plan ought to commend itself to the judg-
ment, of the committee on account of its prac-
ticability, economy, and heallhfulness—an isl-
and upon which no man can live without shak-
ing the clothes olf his back with fever and
ague; an island in reference to the healthful-
ness of whieh I wish to submit some evidence
from a paper which I hold in my hand—it is a
copy of the Ileal Estate, Railroad, and Busi-
ness Guide of January 15, ISfifl, published in
the city of Philadelphia, copies of whieh were
sent, to members of Congress during this ses-
sion—a paper which advocates the claims of
League Island, and appeals to the Philadel-
phia delegation to support that project in this
language:
"Do not forget, the advantages combined by nature
to make Red Bank a tort of the first magnitude, and
Loairuo IMand, opposite, a shipping poit, not to bo
surpassed in the world, trom its advantageous loca-
tion for the shipmentof westei n or eastern produce,
winter and summer, having always a sufficient di'Pih
of water, and the water at that point being brackish
or sahno, does not freeze."
This is the fresh-water site on the Delaware
river, one of the chief advantages of which,
according to the recommendation of a Phila-
delphia journal, is the fact that the water at
this point is brackish or saline, and conse-
quently does not freeze.
Then there is a statement in reference to the
question of healthfulness. The writer goes on
to say:
"This proposition, faithfully carried out, would
mak^Phitadelphia a commercial porfcsecond to none
in the United States, nature having inado the junc-
tion of the Delaware and Schuylkill, with its Hat
strip of land about, seven miles in length, and an
average of three miles in bread thriving twenty-one
square miles below the navy-yard for a shipping
port and harbor of great magnitude, such as few
other ports ever possessed—which, by the way, is
scarcely fit from the surrounding miasma for any-
thing else, not fit for the habitation of human be-
ings—which, if built up for that purpose, malignant
atmospheric disease is always first to attack such
localities."
The gentleman is welcome to the authority—
a paper published in Philadelphia and repre-
senting the claims of League Island. This
journal says that the land is so unhealthy by
reason of the miasma, that it is not fit for
human" habitation ; yet Secretary Fox and
the committee following him recommend to
the House to dig out the back channel and put
millions of cubic yards of mud and ooze and
slime and vegetable deposit on that island,
and the chief recommendation is on account
of its healthfulness and economy. What the
healthfulness of such a plan may be when the
dog-star blazes in the firmament above us, I
leave to conjecture rather than argument.
As to its economy, even according to the
testimony of the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy, as given before the committee, he esti-
mates the cost of filling up the island to the
height of three feet with mud from this chan-
nel to be $900,000, and if it be filled up to the
height of nine feet, as Admiral Smith says must
be done, and as this commission say must be
done, the cost will be $2,700,000. In addition
to that Admiral Smith testified before the com-
mittee that if it should be filled with mud it
would be necessary to place on top three feet
of gravel in order to make a solid surface for
teams and men. Hence, to the eypense of
82,700.000 for placing mud upon this island
there must be added a sum of ip],0J0,000 for
placing gravel to the depth of three., feet over
that mud, making in the aggregate about four
million dollars as the amount necessary to fill
up this island; and when this is done you have
an island for the first time above the water.
There is a League Island then. It is brought
into sunlight for the first time. Then you must
pile every foot and rod of that ooze before it
will be safe to put a permanent, structure upon
it, as is testified to by every witness, with one
exception, Mr. George Davidson, of Philadel-
phia; all the other witnesses, including Mr.
Secretary Eox, Admiral Smith, Commodore
Turner, the members of this commission, and
in fact everybody who knows anything about
the subject or who is any authority upon the
subject, acknowledge that you must pile all
that pait of the island used for heavy struct-
ures, and according to the judgment of this
commission the piling must be on an average
of thirty-two feet in depth, in some cases
twenty-live, and in others fifty-six, making an
average of 'thirtj'-two.
What is this piling? Admiral Smith ex-
plained ihe process to the committee. You
must drive the piles within one foot or one foot
and a half of each other. Then, where are you
going to put the buildings? There must be
cross-piling. On top of the timber there must
be laid a foundation of cement and stone. When
all (his is done you have for the fust time a
foundation for your buildings. When before
the committee the inquiry was put to Admiral
Smith as to the probable expense of all this,
that wise old man shook his head very satiely
and said that he for one was not able to form
even a conjectural approximation as to the
expense, but he would say that it. was the most
expensive process known to naval or civil engi-
neering. When this is done it will bo neces-
sary to build a quay wall of stone nineteen foot
high and one mile long, and (ill up behind thai
wall four hundred and eigbty-one feet in width
in order to get from t'ae fiiee of the island out
to the channel of twenty-throe feet, where
vessels can lie.
These are facts which are supported bv the
testimony of men in whom we ought, to have
confidence, men who have, been enlightened
by long service in the Navy, the most compe-
tent minds in the country with reference to
naval affairs.
Now, 1 say that nobody can pretend to con-
jecture the expense, or even approximate to
it, of selecting this site for a naval station.
I do not stand here and say that it shall not
be the site of the great naval station of the
United States. I propose in the bill whieh I
have submitted to tlio House as a substitute for
the report of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kkli.ey,] that a commission shall be raised
of honest men, of officers and engineers, to be
appointed by the President, not by the Secre-
tary of the Navy—and 1 commend the gemlo-
man for his prudence in taking that authoifty
from this Secretary and giving it to the Presi-
dent of the United States, and he may explain
it to the Secretary in any way ho pleases—a
commission to whieh this subject shall be in-
trusted. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
has much assurance, but he had not assurance
enough to put this matter within the power of
the Secretary of the Navy. He asks that the
commission shall bo appointed by the "Presi-
dent, and so do I. The difference between his
plan and mine is this : by mine this commission
is required to make a thorough examination
of the advantages and disadvantages of the sev-
eral sites; by his it is confined to one, and that
one the only one heretofore rejected by a com-
petent board. I ask this House whether that
is not a fair proposition. Is not the Substitute
a fair proposition ? There are five places offered
for this great naval station—one or two on the
Hudson, one on the Patuxent, one at Portland,
Maine, one at League Island, and one at New
London.
By an amendment of the gentleman from
New York I have included any other site they
may choose to examine and report on. Is not
that a fair proposition? Has not the Govern-
ment of the United States the right to have
the best place for this purpose in the United
States? Shall we be narrowed down by the
Navy Department or the Philadelphia delega-
tion to the examination of one site, and one
site alone, and that the only site ever rejected
by a competent board? Do I ask anything
unreasonable? I do not ask you to accept
New London. 1 do not ask you to examine
Now London alone. I do not, as I might, Tike
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, confine the
report of the commission to New London. I
say examine all places, and let us have that
which is best.
I will say one thing further. I do not think
I betray any confidence. I believe I have the
right to make the statement. It is this: when
1 first submitted my proposition to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania he accepted it.
Mr. IvELLEY. Does the gentleman speak
° Mi\ BRANDEGEE. I speak of and to you.
Mr. KELLEY. Under a grave misrepre-
sentation 1 was induced to accept it. As soon
as I conferred with the gentleman whose opin-
ions were said tfc have been given to me, and
found I had been deceived, I retracted my
acceptance.
Mr. BUA NDEGEE. I do not know to what
misrepresentations the gentleman alludes.
Mr. KELLEY. Those the gentleman made
to me.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. This matter is getting
a little personal between the gentleman and
myself, and is away from the subject under
consideration. After he presented his bill, I
drew up my substitute and submitted it to him,
urging it by the same considerations whieh I
have just presented.
I\Ir. KELLEY. And by considerations which
the gentleman does not present.
Mr. BKANDEGEE. Wait a moment. I
told him, as I now tell him, the proposition to
establish the naval station at League Island
would be voted down if put upon its own mer-
its ; that aside from any other consideration
this Hou^e would not sustain it. I thought
1 was warranted in saying that my proposi-
tion would be acceptable to a majority of the
committee as well as to a majority of the
Ilou-e.
Mr. KELLEY. All the gentleman says he
represented to me he did, and more, and it
was the more which controlled me.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Will any man name
to me an objection to my substitute? Will any
man tell the House that it does not allow fair
play? Certainly not, for it permits this com-
mission to examine and report on all the sites
which have been proposed.
f eau see but two objections to it, which I
can dispose of in a few minutes. One is that
it limy involve additional expense. IIow much?
We had a practical application of that question
at, the last session of Congress. Twelve places
were suggested as sites for a western iron-clad
navy-yard. This Congress, though it was well
known the Navy Department were in favor of
Carondelet, did not confine the commission to
that, place, bur, directed them to examine all
of the places. What is the expense of it? The
whole expense of the commission which exam-
ined twelve sites at the West amounted to
Si.:Y)9, including expressage, a stenographer,
and the preparation of this report,, and of that
§2,5:)U. SfTO was given to a gentleman not
connected with the military or naval service,
ilr. G. W. Blunt, of New York, a civilian,
aiul a very competent and able ona for that
purpose. '
Under my proposition, the President is to
detail military or naval officers and engineers
to examine these sites. It will not cost §2,000.
These men are entitled by law, as the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] well knows, to
no compensation. There is an express law
that officers detailed for such duty are not
entitled to compensation. They get merely
