1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16
Hotchkiss, As ah el \V, Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas Ilubbard, John H. Hubbard, James R. Hub-
bell, Iluiburd, James Humphrey, Juhan, Kelley,
Ketchum, Lafmi, George Y. Lawrence, YvilhamLaw-
rcnee, Loan, Longyear, Marston, Marvin, MeClurg,
McKee, MeRuer, Mercur. Miller, Moorhead, Morris,
Moulton, jN'oell, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham,
Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Price, "William il. Randall,
Alexander It. Riee, John II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck, Shcliabarger, Spalding, Tuayer, Upson, Van
Aernam, Hurt Van Horn, Ward, Warner, William JB.
Washburn, Wclker, Went worth, Williams, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Windom—U9.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Benjamin,Bergen,Boyer,
Brandegee, Bromwcll, Brooks, Reader W. Clarke,
Cullom, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Denison, Eidridge,
Farnsworth, Finek, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider,
Griswold, Aaron Harding, Henderson, Iliil, Hogan,
Edwin N. liubbcll, James M. Humphrey, lngersoll,
Johnson, Kashon, Kerr, Kuykcndyll, Latham, La
Blond. Marshall, McCulloch, Morrill, Niblaek, Nich-
olson, Phelps, Raymond, Rittor, Ilogers, Ross. Shank-
lin, yitorroaves, Smith, Stevens, Sfilhvell, -Scrouse,
Tabor, Taylor, Thointon/Trimule, Trowbridge, Eiihu
B. Washburne, Whaley, James F. Wilson, and Win-
field—58.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Chanler,
Farquhar, Harris, lli^by, Jenckes, Jones, Kelso,
Lynch, Melndoe, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Radford,
Samuel J. Randall, Rousseau, Seofieid, Sloan, {starr,
Fiancis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Robert T. Van
Horn, Voorhees, Woodbridge, and might—25.
So the resolution was agreed to. *
qualification oe a member.
Mr. ORTH. I desire to state that Hon. Lov-
ellH. Rousseau, Representative-elect from the
fifth district of the State of Kentucky, is now
present and ready to take the oath of oiiice.
Mr. RO LTS$EA U then presented himself and
was duly qualiiied.
naval station on lake erie.
Mr. SPALDIN Or submitted the following
resolution, upon which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved,_ That the Committee on Naval Affairs,
when appointed, be directed to inquire into the expe-
diency o± establishing a naval depot at some suitable
point on the southern shore of Lake Erie.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon agree-
ing to the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mexico.
Mr. GARFIELD submitted the following
resolution of inquiry, and asked unanimous
consent for its consideration at the present
time:
Unsolved, That the President be requested, if not in-
compatible with the public service, to communicate
to tnis House any information in possession of any of
the Kxecutive Doparhnenis of the Government in ref-
erence to a so-called decree by the French agent in
Mexico, under date of September 5, A. i). lbtx>, estab-
lishing slavery or peonage in that republic; and also
what action, if any, has been taken by-the Govern-
ment of the bnited State? in reference thereto.
Mr. DKMiNG rising to debate the resolu-
tion, it goes over under the rule.
privileges of the floor.
Mr. OKTH submitted the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question upon
its passage :
Revolved,, That Ilenry D. Washburn, of Indiana, con-
testing tne seat ol Hoii. Damel W. Voouheus, be
admitted to the privileges of the lioor pending such
contest.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon agree-
ing to the resolution.
The question was taken, and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. ORTH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the,
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
payment OF bounties.
Mr. NIULACK submitted the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question
upon its passage:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs,
when appointed, be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of providing by law for the payment of
bounties, in proportion to the time served, to those
who volunteered m the late war for the suppression
of the rebellion, and were honorably discharged before
tnc expiration of two years without bounty. Also, to
inquire into the expediency of equalizing bounties, so
far as practicable, as between those who volunteered
as aforesaid, and report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon agree-
ing to the resolution.
The question was taken, and the resolution
agreed to.
pilots in the navy of the united states.
Mr. KERR submitted the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question on
its passage:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs,
when appointed, be instructed to inquire into the
justice and expediency of providing by law tha-t all
pilots engaged in the gunboat or other naval service
ot the Government during the late war, shall be
deemed to have been ohicers within the terms of the
rules and regulations of the service on fhat subject,
and entitled to the same extra pay and rations as
other officers in the same service whose monthly
compensation was the same; and that the said com-
mittee report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon agree-
ing to the resolution.
The question was taken, and the resolution
agreed to.
general in united states army.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, in pursu-
ance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
revive the grade of general in the United States
Army; which was read a fir&t and second time,
and ordered to be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, when appointed.
distribution op documents.
Mr. MOULTON introduced the following
resolution, on which hedemanded the previous
question :
Rejoined, That all books and public documents of
which extra copies have been ordered to be printed
for distribution, and which have not been delivered
to the persons entitled thereto, under the resolution
of the last House of Representatives, shall now be de-
livered. by the officer having possession of the same,
to the Representatives in this House of those districts
whoseformer Representatives have notdrawn tlicdoc-
uinents to which such districts were respectively en-
titled according to the rate of distribution established.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. J OHNSO N. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
The motion of Mr. Jonx'sox was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I think there ought to be
several exceptions to this resolution 
The SPEAKER. The subject is not debat-
able, the previous question having been sec-
onded. The question now is on ordering the
main question.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the matter will be
allowed to go over.
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation thereof the resolution was agreed
to.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote bv which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fouxey,
its Secretary, informed the ITouse that the
Senate had concurred in the resolution of the
House relative to the appointment of a joint
committee to consider and report on the subject
of a suitable token of lespect and affection to
the memory oP the late President, Lincoln.
amendment to the constitution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduceda jointreso-
lution to amend the Constitution of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
and ordered to be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, when appointed.
equality before the law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced the follow-
ing resolutions, on which he demanded the
previous question :
Resolved, (as the sense of this House,) That, as all
just powers of government are derived from the con-
sentof the governed, that cannot be regarded as a just
Government which denies to a largo portion of its citi-
zens, who share, both its pecuniary and military bur-
dens, the right to express either their eonseni gx dis-
sent to the laws which subject them to taxation and
to military duty, and which refuses them full protec-
tion in the enjoyment of their inalienable rights.
Retohed, That in imposing taxes upon the people
of the United States, none are excepted therefrom on
account of color; so, too, in the laws enacted by Con-
gress for enrolling and drafting; into the military ser-
vice of the Government" those liable to military duty,
no exemption because of color has been Allowed t-rina
while wc have rewarded the foreigner, who is igno-
rant ol our language and institutions, &ndwho has bat
just landed upon our shores, with thexight of citizen-
ship for a brief service in the armies of the,United
States, good faith, as well as impartial justice, de-
mands of this Government that it seeure to the'col-
ored soldiers of the Union their equal rights and priv-
ileges as citizens of the United States.
Revolved, That wc agree with the President of the
United States that44 mercy without justico is a crime;"
anrl the admitting of rebels and traitors, upon whose
hands the blood of slain patriots has scarcely dried,
and upon whose hearts is the damning crime of starv-
ing to death loyal men taken as prisoners in battle,
to the rights of citizenship and of suffrage, while we
deny those rights to the loyal black man, who fought
for the Union, and who fed and protected our starv-
ing soldiers, is a fit, illustration of that truism.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe that those reso-
lutions are divisible, and I ask that they be
divided.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
sustaining the previous question. Should it be
sustained, the resolutions can afterward be di-
vided, and each one voted upon separately, if
any gentleman desires it.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Are the resolutions in
order now, if debate is to be had upon them?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
should not be sustained, and debate should
arise, the resolutions will go over under the
rules.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were, on a division—ayes 41,
noes 51.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Farks-
woiitii and Dawson were'appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 68.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Messrs. CONKLING and BRANDEGEE
proposed to debate the resolution, and it accord-
ingly went over under the rules.
military academy in tee west.
Mr. CULLOM submitted the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question
on its adoption:
Resolved, That the Committeo on Military Affairs,
when appointed, be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a national military school in
some'of the States of the great Northwest.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
honor to the late president. "
■ Mr. INGERSOLL submitted the following
resolution, and demanded the previous question
on its adoption:
Resolved, That the committee to be appointed un-
der the resolution providing for the appointment of a
joint committee of one from each State to take into
consideration what token of rcspect and affection it
may be proper for the Congress of the United States
to express concerning the event of the decease of tho
late President, Abraham Lincoln^ be directed to take
into consideration the oxpediency of providing for
the completion of the "Washington monument, with a
view to the dedication of said monument "to the com-
memoration of tho virtues and patriotism of tlioso
great and goo'd men, George Washington and Abraham
Lincoln.
The House divided oil seconding the demand
for the previous question, and there were—ayes
20, noes 35 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and ap-
pointed Messrs. farnswortii and ixgersoll.
Mr. INUEKSOLL withdrew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. EAKNSWOltTII proposed to debate the
resolution, and it accordingly went over under '
the rules.
mrs. mary lincoln.
Mr. INGERSOLL introduced a bill for the
relief of Mrs. Mary Lincoln, widow of tho late
President of the United States; which was read
a first and second time.
