1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on postponing the further consideration
of this resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will withdraw ray motion
if the Senator from Nevada is willing to go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
being withdrawn, the Senator from Nevada is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEWART.. Mr. President, it is with
some embarrassment that I rise to address my-
self to the very important subjects that are
before this body. I should not regard the res-
olution under consideration as a matter of any
great consequence if it stood abstractly and
alone, for I do not believe that it would have
any binding force whatever upon anybody.
But at a time when the whole country is in
agitation over conflicting opinions between
Congress and the Executive ; at a time when
the voice of the American people and the
hearts of the American people are uplifted for
peacc; at a time when we must either have
'peace or destruction ; at a time when the very-
existence, perhaps, of our free institutions de-
pends upon the calm, just, and patriotic dispo-
sition of all questions, a resolution coming
from the committee of fifteen is a matter of
grave consideration, and demands from every
one a careful examination. We should inves-
tigate this matter and ascertain whether it will
have any bearing toward harmony and peace,
for if each step that is taken now is not in the
right direction it may do great harm. We are,
as it were, in this great contest like a little
rivulet. The contest has commenced here in
Congress ; it is now like a small stream on the
mountain side, which can easily be turned
aside with the foot or with the spade in a mo-
ment ; but if we let it go on by throwing slight
obstructions in the way of the current of peace',
until accumulated difficulties form a torrent of
discord, sweeping us down into an ocean of
trouble, it may be past human power to avert
the calamities which will then threaten our
country.
I regard this resolution (and shall proceed
to give my views on it) as a stumbling block,
as an obstruction, as something that will retard
peace and retard Union. It is said in its de-
fense that it is simply declaring that Congress
has power, that this power is in the Constitu-
tion of the United States, that iithas been re-
peatedly declared by acts of Congress and res-
olutions of this body. If that lie true, why
throw this new element of discord now into our
already confused deliberations. There are dif-
ferences of opinion about it; but if those who
have brought forward this resolution as a dec-
laration of power are correct in supposing that
the power is ingrafted in the fundamental law,
the Constitution of the United States, why is
this agitating question to occupy the attention
of Congress? That Congress has the power
to exclude southern members from scats here
is best proved by the fact that it has done it for
the last twelve months, and still continues to
do it, notwithstanding the war has ceased. The
world knows that we can do it, because We have
done it. The first thing when I came into these
Halls was a proposition to admit Tennessee and
Louisiana, and I believe the honorable Senator
from Illinois was anxious then that they should
be admitted. I voted for the postponement of
the question, for the reason that I was not then
certain that the organizations there existing
would be able to sustain themselves and main-
tain their o wn existence. I was not sufficiently
familiar with the question, and I voted to post-
pone the consideration of the matter. We did
not let them in then. We proved our power
to keep them out. They have come here again
at this sccsion and asked for admission. They
have not yet been admitted, not even within
these Halls, although some of the members
they have sent were always truly loyal and
served in your armies or were distinguished
citizens who had been tried in the fiery furnace
of secession, tried where rebellion raged with
all its fury, and had come out true to the Union.
Even they are excluded from this Hall. Have
we not the power? Has not that been suffi-
ciently vindicated? I think the world will an-
swer, yes. Then, if you have the power to keep
them out, if you have done it, if you have been
exercising that power, why declare that yoiv
have it? If there is no good result from a
proposition of this kind, there may be evil.
There are with regard to the ultimate result
sought to be arrived at by this proposition dif-
ferences of opinion. I have said before, there
are two sets of opinions in regard to the mode
of allowing the States to come back. There
is a difference of opinion among good men.
That difference of opinion threatens the very
destruction of the country. I have felt that
embarrassment ever since I have been here. I
came as thoroughly desirous of having this
Union restored upon just and equitable princi-
ples as any man ; and I am now desirous that
all the States should be represented in these
Halls by loyal men. I yield to no man in that
desire.
I have sustained this Government to the best
of my ability throughout this war, and from its
very first inception 1 have done it under all cir-
cumstances and on all occasions; and now in
this issue I care not for self; I care not for the
plaudits of men. If I can aid in contributing
to bring about a restoration of these States and
save this country from further war and future
anarchy; if I can aid in securing what has been
accomplished by our glorious warriors in the
field; if I can aid in preserving that for poster-
ity; if I can aid in the consummation of the
prayers of those, wlio love this country, it is my
duty to do that; and the smiles of power or the
frowns of enemies or of those who may desire
to detract from my motives are nothing to me.
I love my country more than partv. I love my
country more than self-aggrandizement. I
love my country more than miserable forms.
If we can get the substantial thing, I shall be
satisfied. But upon this proposition there is a
diversity of opinion. It must leadto a conflict
of opinion, and its only operation, if it have
any operation at all, is to delaj union andpeace.
All profess to desire the same result. I hope
their professions are sincere. I am bound to
take it for granted that both Congress and the
President desire to arrive at the same result.
They want the Union restored. Tlicy want the
governments of the southern Slates in the hands
of the loyal men. I well recollect when this
controversy commenced. It was before I came
hero ; it was at the time Mr. Lincoln issued his
proclamation of reconstruction, which was, I
think, in .Inly, 18G1. That proclamation was
telegraphed to Nevada, where 1 live, and where
we were struggling to maintain the Union cause;
and I recollect the opposition that that policy
met. I remember the powerful protest of the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] and Mr.
Davis, of Maryland, and the discussions upon
it. I recollect going upon the stump and say-
ing that these were minor controversies ; that
what we wanted was the Union ; that the Union
men would stand together, and go through the
war successfully; that these matters were de-
tails which we could ariange afterward, which
would not deprive us of union. When I came
here at the last session there was a controversy
on these subjects; but I had no idea that Union
men would not be willing to yield their peculiar
notions sufficiently to enable us to accomplish
the great object. .
Mr. Johnson has gone on with the same plan,
except that he has restricted it somewhat; he
has restricted the number of persons to whom
amnesty was extended by Mi-. Lincoln. Mr.
Johnson has excluded many from the right of
voting and the right of holding office who oth-
erwise would have been entitled. He lias added
some eight, conditions to those which Mr. Lin- !
coin prescribed. Organizations have grown j
up in the southern States by the non-action of
Congress. The war of rebellion was over- j
thrown; the President must do something; he j
was not a dictator; he simply took the issues
of the war, and said to these men. "Frame
your governments upon this basis and come to
Congress for representation." That is as far
as he went.
Now, while 1 have not heard any substantial
argument against what he did, while I la&ve
not heard any substantial argument againstthe
forms of government set up in the southern
States, I have constantly heard argument after
argument for three long months to show, not-
withstanding all this, that Congress ha'd some
power which had been overlooked in som'e way
and was not being brought into proper exer-
cise. I have heard- argument after argument
day after day here to show how we could keep
these States out of the Union, but I have waited
in vain for arguments to show how we could
get them in. I have not heard the wisdom of
the Senate on the question how we can get out
of our present difficulties. Able and learned
arguments have been adduced here to show
that Congress can keep the States out. That
we hear daily; and we not only hear of the
power of Congress, but we see it, because Con-
gress actually does keep them out; and after
I thought that argument had been made so
often that everybody was satisfied that Con-
gress had this power, hero comes a proposition
to declare the existence of the power.
Now, I propose to examine some of the argu-
ments that are adduced on the part of the Pres-
ident in support of his policy. I am not a,
stickler about, the way these States get bact
It is a sufficient objection to this resolution that
it does not do any good, and it may do a great
deal of harm. It is delaying the settlement of
the question, and my only excuse for talking
about it is that as we arc to have delay for the
purpose of talking we may as well talk in con-
nection with this resolution as any other dila-
tory measure. As long as we are"to have dila-
tory measures, we may as well talk on them.
It is said that this resolution is a proclama-
tion of the power and an assertion of the right
of Congress to declare when a State is entitled
to representation. The President denies that
Congress has the power to determine the ques-
tion whether a Stale is entitled to representa-
tion in the Senate  f the United States, for the
Constitution expressly provides "that no State
without its consent shall be deprived of its equal
suffrage in the Senate," and the whole instru-
ment is based upon the right of each State to
representation in Congress, and that right as
an abstract right cannot be taken from any
State because its people have been in insurrec-"
tion or for any other cause; but the abstract
right must remain in each State as long as the
Constitution and Union exist. But he does
not say that therefore you have no power to
keep traitors out of Congress. He says .that
all the acts of traitors in a State are void, that
they cannot take a State out of the Union, but
still you are to judge of the qualifications of
your own members, you are to investigate the
subject, and he says that, covers the whole ques-
tion. He says that you may determine upon
the elections, returns, and qualifications of
members, and in determining upon their elec-
tion of course you will determine upon the qual-
ifications of the parties who elected them. If
the election is of a member from a congres-
sional district, cannot the other House of Con-
gress investigate the matter to see if the parties
who cast the votes and elected the member had
the right of suffrage? If the election is of a
Senator, cannot we inquire whether the parties
who cast the vote for him were acting in obe-
dience to the laws of the United States and
qualified to vote in the Legislatures ofthe States
where they did vote? The respective Houses
can inquire into the qualifications of the voters
who send the parties here, whether they ha
State Legislatures, or whether they be the con-
stituents generally in a district. There is no
doubt about that; and the same result can ba
accomplished in that way, in'pursuance ot tho
Constitution, that is sought to be accomplished
in another mode.
It seems to me that the power to suspend
the right of a State to representation may im-
ply a dangerous power and may imply a right
to suspend it for any reason that Congress may
see fit. That is the danger about it. The power
to suspend the right of u State to be represented
