1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3959
this, that the- Congress? of the United States
cannot withhold a year's salary to Mr. Harvey
without subjecting the country to the dangers
of rebellion and insurrection again? Six years
ago, I know, we were industriously taught that
we could do scarcely anything without en-
dangering rebellion; we could not vote for one
law or another, or for one man or another
scarcely without subjecting ourselves to the
danger of a rebellion. I thought we had got
over that. I thought the time had come when
the people could vote for such representatives
as they pleased, and that their representatives
could vote for such laws as they pleased, sub-
ject only to the power of the judicial tribunals
to set aside their laws when they violated the
Constitution, and subject to the right of the
sovereign people to set aside their represent-
atives when they disapproved them. If that
time has not come, let us pray for it a little
longer. It will come by and by.
Mr. President, I am going to vote for this
report. I am going to take the responsibility
of approving it. I do not vote for it because
the House of Ilepresentatives has forced us to
take it. I do not vote for it in order to save
the appropriation bill. I vote for it because I
think it is a proper thing to do. One of the
public servants, holding a public mission, wrote
a letter in which he deliberately argues that the
majority in the Congress of the United States
are engaged in the work of revolution. I re-
pudiate the idea. I do not think it is just.
But, says the Senator from Pennsylvania, where
is the law that prevents him from saying this?
There is no such law. Mr. Harvey has an
undoubted right to say it. So have you; so
has any man a perfect right to say it, if he
thinks it; and if he does not think it, ho has
a right to say it if he is willing to lie. That
is all the consequence that attaches to it. But
Mr. Harvey's right to say these things of the
Congress of the United States is no more
clearly sanctioned by the laws of the land than
is our right to pay «r not to pay Mr. Harvey. If
Mr. Iiarvey would rather say these things than
have his salary, let Mr. Iiarvey say them, in
God's name; who objects ? But then I ask that
the Congress shall have the right which the Con-
stitution gives it to vote this appropriation or
not. I think our right is just as clear as that
of Mr. Harvey. Let Mr. Harvey talk, if it does
him good; let us pay if we approve his talk,
and not without. I do not like that kind of
talk. If I had the power of removal in my
hands, I think I should remove him. It is not
in my hands ; and therefore I will simply with-
hold his pay. ''But he may starve." Starve!
Why? "He cannot support himself in Portu-
gal; he is away from home." Let him come
home. Nobody guarantied that he should stay
there for all time. All we do is to stop his
salary. That would have been done if lie was
removed from office.
But it is said that he only uttered these sen-
timents in a private letter. I am not finding
any special fault with him for uttering the sen-
timents. It is because he has them that I object
to him. Believing such things, holding such
opinions of the Congress of his country, I do
not think he is a fit man to represent us abroad,
or at home,, or anywhere. But as to the fact
of its being a private letter, where is the evi-
dence of it! It is nowhere stamped with the
character of a private letter. He enjoins upon
him to whom it was written no secrecy, no
privacy. It is a letter addressed to the Secre-
tary of State, sent to him unconditionally,
without any sort of restriction as to how the
Secretary should use it. Then it became the
Secretary's letter and not Mr. Harvey's. ITe
had parted with those sentiments and placed
them in the possession of the Secretary of
State, and they were just as much the property
of the Secretary of State as anything that he
rides or drives or owns or eats with. The Sec-
retary of State saw fit to make it public, to
publish it. I think the Secretary of State knew
belter whether that was a private letter or not
than we do t and I do not think these censures
are just upon the Secretary and upon the Pres-
ident, wherein tliey are accused of violating the
secret character of a confidential correspond-
ence. There is nothing of that about this let-
ter. The letter was put in the possession of
the Secretary of State, containing the senti-
ments of our minister at Portugal, and he, by
the direction of the President, published it.
That is all there is of it. That is all the evi-
dence of a confidential character there is to this
letter. But, as I said before, I do not con-
demn him for having the letter published ; I
do not object to him for publishing the letter;
all the objection I have in the world to Mr.
Harvey is, that he holds the sentiments which
are contained in the letter. True, if the letter
had not been written, or, if written, had not
been published, I might never have known
that he held those sentiments; but it is the
holding of them that makes him to mo objec-
tionable. It is because he holds them that I
think he is not fit to represent us. Itis because
I think he is not representing us that I shall
vote for this provision which withholds from
him his pay.
The PRESIDING OFFTCER. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on concurring in the
report of the committee of conference ?
The question being put, the Presiding Officer
decided that the report was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope we shall now
proceed with the unfinished "business.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 rise to call for the
yeas and nays on concurring in that report.
Several Senators, it is too late.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that it is too late.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Of course, if the Chair
declines to withdraw his decision, I cannot
make the call.
message fp.om tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives h.'.d passed
the following bills and joint resolutions, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill (H. It. No. 772) to authorize the issue
of certain bonds in denominations greater than
§1,000;
A bill (II. R. No. 776) in relation to the
unlawful tapping of Government water-pipes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 83) declaring
Tennessee again entitled to Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 191) relating
to the building occupied for a nat ional fair in
aid of the orphans of the soldiers and sailors
of the United States.
order of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday, being the civil ap-
propriation bill, is now before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. We had a special assign-
ment for to-day at one o'clock, which was the
bill to equalize the bounties of our soldiers. It
has been assigned for three or four different
days and been pushed aside by the appropri-
ation bills. I supposed that this miscellaneous
appropriation bill would be acted upon yester-
day, but a great deal of the day was consumed
by the bill which was under the care of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] I now
move to postpone the pending and all prior
orders, and that the Senate take up House |
bill No. 002, the bill for the equalization of j
bounties. |
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course I cannot con- !
sent to that. This is an appropriation bill: ;
we are probably on the eve of tiie adjourn-
ment ; and we must dispose of this bill. Alter
we have acted on it, it has to go back to the ]
House again. It is not customary at this period |
of the sessiorf for the appropriation bills, es- I
pccially when under debate and the unfinished i
business, to give place to other bills that are :
not of such pressing importance. I hope the '
motion will not be agreed to.
Mr. LANE. The bill named by the Senator :
from Massachusetts to equalize tho bounties
of our soldiers has been fixed as the special >
order some three times within the last ten days,
and on three several days it has been displaced.
I think it is important to act upon that bill and
to equalize the bounties, or else let tlie coun-
try know that we do not intend to act upon it.
These appropriation bills will go through as a
matter of course. They are never, or but very
rarely, defeated, and there is no doubt that
they will go through; but I desire, for one, to
take up the bounty bill and let the country
know and the soldiers know whether we are
inclined to equalize their bounties or whether
we shall do nothing on the subject at this ses-
sion. JPt has been displaced three times by the
courtesy of the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee^ to give place to other matters not, in
my opinion, so urgent and so importantas this.
Without any disposition to delay or defeat the
passage of the appropriation bill, I shall now
vote to take up the bounty bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is that the unfinished business, which is tlie
civil appropriation bill, and all prior orders, be
postponed, and that House bill No. 602, for
the equalization of bounties be taken up.
Mr. LANE. I ask for the yeas and nays oil
that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to agree to one
thing: if we shall be allowed to take up this bill
to-morrow, and nothing else shall bo allowed
to interfere with it, I will not press the motion
now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You can takeitup then
unless there should be some appropriation bill
in the way. I do not know that there will be
any.
Mr. LANE. I renew the call for tlie yeas
and nays on the motion. I want to put myself
right on (lie record, at least.
The yea:-: and nays were ordered. -
Mr. CONNESS. I think no matter how im-
portant this bill may bo, it is an unusual pro-
ceeding to undertake to force an appropriation
bill from the Finance Committee, "which is
pnrily considered and which is the unfinished
business, out of that order that another bill
may be taken up. It is, in my opinion, a ques-
tion that ought not to be raised in the Senate.
The priority of business, since I have been in
the Senate, has been conceded to the tinancc
Committee, and I think that rule and order by
consent ought to remain. It is disagreeable to
vote as between the chairman of the respective
committees who raise this question of priority,
and as between the bills presented; and I
should like to appeal to the honorable Sena-
tors who are pressing this matter to withdraw
the call for a vote upon this question. Let us
go on with the appropriation bill and dispose
of that, and then we will vote with tliem to
take up their bill and get a vote upon it. I
will, for one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot agree to that,
because there is the tariff bill that must bo
passed. 1 presume it will not give rise to any
debate; it will not take half an hour; but I
must insist on parsing it and sending it back
to the other Ilouse before other business is
proceeded with.
Mr. CONNESS. Iwas not making nn agree-
ment, of course, for the honorable chairman of
the Finance Committee. I was only adding a
word of mine to the end that we should have
no contcst of this character as to the order of
business.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, this bill for
the equalization of bounties was assigned for
to-day. I understand that according to the
order of business in Congress the appropria-
tion bills are usually the last bills that are
passed. We know very well that when the
appropriation bills are passed the effect usu-
ally is to kill other bills not acted upon, how-
ever important they may be. The appropri-
ation bills are usually the last things in the
order of legislation. Now, sir, this is too im-
portant a measure ; there' is too much expec-
tation- in the country; there is too much jus-
tice due to our soldiers to pass it over at the
present time. Although 1 have so much def-
