16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
Mr, VENT WORTH. I move to refer that
bill- to a select committee of one from each
State; and I will say that if the members knew
the' Natives I have for doing so, I am sure they
would not object. I can say no more.
Mr. HOG AN. There is already a committee
of one from each State, to which matters per-
taining to the late President have been referred,
and I move that this be referred to the same
committee.
Mr. "WENTWORTH. I do hope that my
old friend, a former citizen of Illinois, will not
press his motion. I ask him to withdraw it;
and I know he would if he knew my motives in
asking the reference that I do.
Mr. IIOG-AN. I concur fully in the object
of the bill, and desire to see its accomplishment.
I wish to see something done, and speedily, in
reference to that matter. But I do not desire
to see such large committees multiplied un-
necessarily ; and if this be referred to the other
committee, it having authority over the matter,
it could report on it at once. However, I do
not insist upon it if the gentleman desires me
to withdraw it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his motion.
Mr. HOGAN. I do. _
. Mr. WEKTWORTH'smotionwasthen agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and then, (at
twenty minutes past one o'clock p. m.,) the
House adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 11, 1803.
Prayer by Rev. Edgar H. Gray, Chaplain of
the Senate.
The Journal of Wednesday last was read and
approved.
Hon. Garrett Davis, of Kentucky, appeared
in liis sea>t to-day.
MEMORIAL OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
mittee on the resolution of the two Houses to
adopt some token of respect for the memory of
the late President of the United States, will
consist, on the part of the Senate, of Mr. Foot,
Mr. Yates, Mr. Wade, Mr. Fessenden, Mr.
WiLsosr, Mr. Dooi.itti.e, Mr. Laxe of Kansas,
Mr. Harris, Mr. Nesmith, Mr. Laxe of In-
diana, Mr. Willey, Mr. Buckalew, and Mr.
Henderson.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
a memorial from the Union State Central
Committee of Pennsylvania, praying that the
Constitution of the United Slates may be
amended so as to forever prohibit Congress or
any convention or other authority from assum-
ing, paying, or agreeing to pay, or taxing the
people to pay, any part of the debt or liability
incurred in opposition to the General Govern-
ment ; so that Congress shall never repudiate
any part of the debt contracted by the Gen-
eral Government; so that Congress shall have
power to levy and collect duties on exports ;
so that representation in Congress shall be al-
lowed to the lawfully-qualified voters in each
of said States; and so that 110 State of the
Union shall ever be permitted to withdiaw
therefrom without the consent of all the rest;
which was referred to the Committee 011 the
Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial from the Sis-
ters of Mercy of the city, of Chicago, in tiro
State of Illinois, praying for an appropriation
of $20,000 for the enlargement and improve-
ment of the Mercy Hospital in the city of Chi-
cago ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented a resolution of the con-
' vention of the State of North Carolina in favor
of a i¥peal of the act of July 2,1802, requiring
the test oath therein mentioned as a qualifi-
cation for a seat in Congress or to hold ollice
under the Government of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of New England, praying for tlie repeal
of the law taxing State banks ten per cent, on
their issues; which was referred to tlie Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Charles_ E.
Jos§, praying that he may be allowed to with-
draw certain goods in bond for consumption;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merCe.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the memorial of
the Freedmen's Aid Association of the United
States, united as they now are in what is called
the American Freedmen's Aid Commission, in
which, after setting forth the merits and the
operations of the Freedmen's Bureau, they ask
Congress that it would be pleased to continue
andjsustain it in such a way that it may exert a
powerful and beneficent influence over the af-
fairs of those wards of the nation until such
time as'the desired end may be attained by State
enactment. As the whole subject of tliefrecd-
tffi§n ;?-;now in the hands of the War Depart-
ment j/presumc that this memorial should go
uo the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia. I therefore ask its reference to that
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred if there be no objection.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of ma-
rine insurance companies of New York city,
praying Congress to make an appropriation to
restore the lights at Capo Florida, Fort Jupiter,
and Cape Carnaveral, on the coast of Florida,
which were destroyed during the rebellion;
which was referred to the Committee 011 Com-
merce.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of John
Francis Cooke and twenty-live hundred others,
colored citizens of the District of Columbia,
praying that Congress may confer upon them
the right of suffrage; which was referred lo the
Committee 011 the District of Columbia.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of J.
W. Brooks, president of the Burlington and
Missouri River Railroad Company; W. W.
Walker, vice president of the Cedar Rapids
and Missouri River Railroad Company; John
A. Dix, president of the Mississippi and Mis-
souri Railroad Company; and Piatt Smith,
vice president of the Dubuque and Sionx City
Railroad Company, praying for a modifica-
tion of the law of Congress which requires the
completion of these /roads within a specific
time in order to secure the lands granted;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a petition of offi-
cers of the United States steamers Key West,
Tawah, andEHin, destroyed by fire in the action
at Johnsville, Tennessee, November 4, 1864,
and of the officers of the steamer Undine,
captured off Paris Landing, Tennessee river,
praying for remuneration for losses of personal
property sustained by them in the destruction
of those vessels; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. NYE presented the memorial of J. B.
Rittenhouse, late* paymaster of the Pacific
squadron stationed at Panama, with the pro-
ceedings of a court of inquiry or investigation,
praying for relief from responsibility for money
! of which he was lobbed; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEYpioscnted the petition ofDyer
J. Pcttijolm, late a second lieutenant in the first
regiment Minnesota volunteers, praying that an
act may be passed authorizing him to rcceive
the pay and emoluments of that office; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a petition
from soldiers of Montgomery county, Indiana,
who, under the act of July '22, 1 SOT. received a
bounty of S101), praying that they may be placed
on the same footing with those who volunteered
at a later period of the war, and may receive an
additional bounty ol' i<200; which was referred
to tlie Committee on Military Affairs and. the
Militia.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I present the petition of
Charles M. Carter and a large number of citi-
zens of the State of Oregon, representing that
numerous disasters have occurred at sea along
the Pacific coast in consequence of the criminal
negligence and disregard of law by the owners
and managers of steamships, suggesting various
amendments to the existing laws, and praying
for additional legislation to protect passengers
on such steamships. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
,Ordered, That so mueh of the President's message
as relates to tho subject of finances and the currency,
be referred to the Committee on Finance.
STATE OF WEST VIRGINIA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore submitted
a communication from the Governor of the
State of Virginia, transmitting an act of the Gen-
eral Assembly of that State entitled "An act
to repeal the second section of an act passed
on the 13th day of May, 1862, entitled 'An act
giving the consent of the Legislature of Vir-
ginia to'the formation and erection of a new
State within the jurisdiction of this Statealso
repealing the act of January 81, 1803, enti-
tled ' An act giving the consent of the State of
Virginia to the county of Berkeley being ad-
mitted into and becoming part of the State of
West Virginia;' also repealing the act of Feb-
ruary 4, 1863, entitled ' An act giving consent
to the admission of certain counties into the
new State of West Virginia, upon certain con-
ditions,' and withdrawing consent to the trans-
fer of jurisdiction over the several counties
in each of said acts mentioned;" which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. MORGAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to grant to
James A. Scrymser, Alfred Pell, jr., and oth-
ers, composing the International Ocean Tele-
graph Company, tho right to establish tele-
1 graphic communication between the city of
New York and the West India islands; and
also a bill to amend tho several acts relating
to officers employed in the examination of
imported merchandise in the district of New
York.
Mr. NYE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to change the eastern
and southern boundary of the State of Nevada
so as to include additional territory to be taken
from Utah and Arizona; and also a bill to fa-
cilitate the speedy completion of the Pacific
railroad.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S.
No. 1(J) to warrant and confirm the land titles
of grantees under the field orders of Major
General Sherman, at Savannah, January 10,
1865.
The bill was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the bill bo
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and that an order to print it be made.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This question of con-
ferring or confirming land titles, it seems to
me, is very much a legal question, and ought
to go to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
not to the Committee on Militaiy Affairs. I
am not a member of tho Judiciary Committee,
while I am upon the Commit! ee 011 Military
Affairs; but I am satisfied that this is a ques-
tion which should go to (he Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. Lot me remind my friend
that this bill concerns, in the first place, the
i freedmen in South Carolina. On that account
! it ought to go to the Committee on Military
| Affairs. In the second place, it concerns a
j military order made by Major General Sher-
| man, in January last, at Savannah, under the
j spur of a military necessity, for the national
j good. It is a military question, and, as I
• humbly submit, the good faith of this country
I is now pledged to all these grantees under
