3000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
their mileage. Now, there are a number of
military and naval officers, fresh from war on
land and sea, who would enjoy such an expe-
dition this summer. And, sir, they cannot be
better employed at an expense of $2,000.
What are they to do? To examine these dif-
ferent sites, and spread upon the records of the
country for future use the advantages and dis-
advantages of all these places. We may need
this information some day, and it will be worth
all it costs. We may need another yard for
this purpose besides the one at League Island
or at New London ; and we shall have valuable
information spread upon the archives of Con-
gress and the Department in reference to the
comparative merits of these various sites. Is
it not worth while to get that information at so
cheap a cost?
The only other objection to my substitute is
that it may involve delay. How much ? This
can all be done in two months. The first com-
mission completed their inquiry in less than
two months. And you can get no legislation
upon this subject before the next session of
Congress, whether you adopt my proposition or
that of the gentleman l'rora Pennsylvania. No
time will bo lost, therefore, and wo shall know
more about the advantages %nd disadvantages
of these places, and shall be prepared to act
more intelligently then than now. 1 cannot,
therefore, see any objection to this plan. Ma-
ryland has offered a site, New York has offered
a site, and Maine has ollorod asile, besides the
two which we have been discussing, f ask the
House whether they will adopt this scheme to
examine this one site alone, and offer a cold
refusal to the examination of other sites. This
is a question of comparative advantages and
disadvantages. The commission may examine
League Island and say that it is a good place
for the purpose, whereas if they went to these
other points, by a comparison of the advan-
tages and disadvantages they might determine
which was the best, place, which they cannot
determine by an examination of one.
Now, one thing more. This House the
other day set a precedent on this subject. My
friend from Maine [Mr. Lyxcii] offered a
proposition that a commission should bo de-
tailed to examine Portland harbor. It passed
this House without opposition, and it has
passed (he other branch of Congress. It was
urged in the oilier branch by a distinguished
Senator liom Maine, one to whom the country
looks for his ability and patriotism as one of
its leading men—it was urged by him and
stated openly in tin; Senate, and is reported in
the Globe, thai, he had asked the Secretary of
the Navy to order a single ollicer to examine
Portland harbor, and the Secretary declined
to do so on the ground that he would not have
any jdaee examined but League Island. That
was clearly stated by Mr. Feksexmox. I pre-
sume I have transgressed parliamentary pro-
priety in mentioning his name, but it is out
now, and let it go.
Mr. PI KE. Mr. Fehkhndiix'k inference from
the Secrelary's remark is not the statement of
the S< cretary. The idea of the Secretary was
that he had no authority to order such an
investigation.
Air. BRANDEGEE. Fortunately I have
the record here, and I will read it and leave it
without comment. Mr. Fi:ssexm:x s'aid :
"X endeavored to prevail on the Secretary of the
Kavy to havo this silo examined and reported upon.
X could got no encouragement from him that tic would
allow anybody to examine it and make a report, lie
brought up certain obiections, all ot which, I thought,
weie t nlirely untenable. lie w.ts ur^ed strongly to
i'ust ew tho facts, by a eosnuii^ion appointed by
iraseif, who could say whether it was tit. for this
purpose or not, anil how much it would cost, &c.
"Mr. Jua.\sox. lie could havo dono that, if lie
please.d.
iMr. Grimes., IIo had not tho authority.
" Mr. Fksskspkx. 11c could send down any man
4-0 do it, if he had chosen to do so. Ho did not say ho
bad not the authority; he did not make that a point.
Ho could have sent, not a commission, but an engi-
neer—there arc engineers in the employ of the A7avy
Department—or any one of his officers to look at it,
ami there would be no difficulty about it. I eoutd
not prevail upon him to do it. Finally a letter was
handed to him by a gentleman, and ho made the
reply, substantially, that until tho question of League
Island was disposed of he would not have it exam-
ined."
Hfe did not say that he had not authority.
He did not make the point which the gentleman
says he did make. I appeal from the Repre-
sentative from Maine to the Senator from Maine
for the accuracy of my statement. Further on
in the debate Mr. Fessexden said:
"As I stated before, I havo made every effort to got
someinformation on thesubjcct, tolctsomebody look
at it who was capable of judging, and who was an
officer of the Government—just to that extent, no
more—and make a report. I havo_ utterly failed, be-
cause tho Secretary of the Navy will not look sit any
place except League Island. That is tho fact about
it. He will not even permitthe Department or him-
self or anybody else to have any information on the
subject."
If that does not bear out my recollection of
the statement of tho Senator, the House will
see it and make the necessary correction.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Wil) the gentleman from
Connecticut allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Yes, sir; certainly.
Mr. ELDHIDGE. This difference between
tho goutleman from Connecticut and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is a surprise to a
portion of tho Committee on Naval Affairs. I
supposed, and I understand that my colleague
on the committee from Ohio [Mr. Le Blo.nd]
supposed, that the committee agreed to the
proposition which I understand the gentleman
now to be urging; that tho final conclusion of
the committee was to include other places in
the investigation as well as League Island. I
wish now to know why it is that that proposi-
tion was changed, and we find these two gen-
tlemen at loggerheads to-day.
[Here the hammer fell, Mr. Buaxdegee's
hour, having expired. ]
Mr. BRANDING EE. Allow me one moment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that tho gentleman's time be extended thirty
minutes.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Oh, no; I do not want
more! than three minutes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hopo the gentleman
will bo allowed to explain this matter.
No objection was made to the extension of
time.
Mr. BllANDEGEK. I am very much
obliged to the House for its courtesy.
Mr. Speaker, there is nothing f dislike so
much—and my experience, though short, has
brought that conviction home to my mind very
forcibly; next, to a personal explanation, which
gentlemen sometimes indulge in with newspa-
pers in their hands, there is nothing I detest
so much as to have controversies arise in dis-
cussion as to the action of a committee.
In tho first place, as everybody knows, it
is unparliamentary to allude to anything that
has happened in committee; and in the second
place, it always arises from a misunderstand-
ing or misrecollcction; there is apt to bo, at
any rate, a hesitancy about stating the private
conversation that has occurred, which makes
it a very delicate business. However, inas-
much as this matter did not, as I understand,
occur in the committee, but in tho House among
the members of the committee, I think I ought
to state what my understanding of it is.
I was absent from tho committee at tho time
the vote was taken. I was present jind took
part in the discussion and examination of wit-
nesses. But when the day came which had
been fixed upon for taking the final vote I was
necessarily absent to attend the election in
Connecticut, and with tho permission of the
committee I was to record my vote and to send
a proposition from home embodying my views
as to the result, the committee ought to arrive
at. I sent in my proposition. I was not pres-
ent when the vote was taken, and I am bound
to believe that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania was authorized to report his bill. I was
not authorized to report my substitute as the
result at which tho committee had arrived. On
my return, after seeing tho bill and noting the
objections to it to which I have alluded, I drew
up the substitute I have now offered, believing
that the House would not reject so fair a prop-
osition.
There was just this difference between the
substitute which I have now offered and the
one which I submitted to certain gentlemen of
the committee about which we may perhaps
hear from the chairman of the committee,
[Mr. lllcb, of Massachusetts.] In my original
substitute I proposed that the report of this
commission should be final; that is that it
should not be submitted to Congress, but that
the Secretary of the Navy should be author-
ized, indeed that he should be directed, to
accept the title to that site in favor of which
the commission should report, and I consulted
with tho members of the committee, and very
generally with the members of the House iu
regard to it. I thought then I was authorized
to say, and I now believe I was authorized to
say, that a majority of the committee favored
my substitute ; I do not wish to embarrass the
committee at all, but I think they will so show
their preference when they come to vote here;
and I informed the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] that by accepting my sub-
stitute a light might be prevented here, and I
knew what a fight on this subject was, for I
had been in one.
Mr. RICE, of'Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
I am 
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Bbaxdeoke] will he
allowed to answer the interrogatories I pro-
pounded to him; for I desire to know why it
is that there is such a controversy about what
has been the action of the committee. I thought
I knew what that action was, but there seems
to bo a controversy between the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Bhandehee] and the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] in rela-
tion to it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I am very
willing tho gentleman should finish all he has
to say on that subject.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. As I was going on to
say, I thought a majority of the committee
favored my substitute; that is to say, while
they would not withdraw from the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] his right—
and 1 think he had an undoubted right—to
offer the bill which he has presented as the
report of tho committee, yet when the question
came before the House they would suggest, or
by their votes they would so act as that my
substitute should meet the favorable consider-
ation of the House. I thought thoy would
vote for my substitute. v
It was at that point I saw the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] and sug-
gested to him that in order t,o obviate this most
excitable and harassing question, involving as
I thought it did, and as I now think it does,
the motives and action of the Navy Depart-
ment to some extent, involving a great deal of
feeling, though I hope nothing that will cause
a final rupture between the gentleman from
Pennsylvania and myself, for we are too old
campaigners to allow a little ripple of this sort
to disturb our future friendship—I suggested
to him that in order to avoid all this he had
better accept my substitute, as I thought it
would meet the approval of a majority of the
committee and of the House.
Now, I do not know that I ought to go fur-
ther and state that the gentleman busied him-
self an entire morning hour going around and
trying to get his entire delegation to agree to
my substitute, and he finally reported to mo
through the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs [Mr. Rice, of Massachusetts]
that he accepted my substitute, and that it
would be the thing offered to the House upon
which we all could agree. That is all, so far
as I have had anything to do with it.
Now, in reference to the question of the
gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,]
1 understood him to ask me how it is that the
report of the committee, which he understood
to include other sites, is not now the report of
the committee, but the gentleman from Phila-
delphia [Mr. Kelley] presents as the report
of the committee that which does not include
but one site.
