1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
may hereafter be a terrible precedent. _ The
President wishes to avoid tbat. Mr. Lincoln
during the whole war carefully avoided deny-
ing the right of a State to representation. He
constantly denied that, the Uuioii was dissolved,
that the laws admitting the States had been
abrogated, that any of their acts while in re-
bellion were legal so far as to take away the
right of a State to representation. He said that
the people who rebelled had no right to repre-
sentation, they were not in harmony with the
Government, but they had not overthrown our
Government, and that was a very material con-
sideration that was carried all through the first
part of the war. It was regarded as a very im-
portant point never to be yielded. Mr. Lin-
coln and liis Administration carried it through.
Every proclamation issued by him speaks of
the insurrection of the inhabitants and not of
the States. We have gone on thus far, and
if we can get through without announcing that
dangerous principle that these acts of secession
were really valid, if we can get these States
back in any other way, if we can have loyal
men to represent them and reconstruct them
without acknowledging that the rebellion was
a success, it is regarded by Mr. Johnson, and
it is regarded by a great number of loyal men,
as an important proposition.
There is no provision in the Constitution
conferring such a power upon Congress. No
authority of the kind is expressed in that in-
strument, nor can 1 find any place where it is
implied by just implication. In fact, it was
never anticipated that States would attempt to
go out of the Union ; arid when tlioy attempted
to do it, we said that not being anticipated in
the Constitution, that they could not do it le-
gally, and any attempt on their part would be
absolutely void. Wo started with that idea.
This was simply a continuation of the discus-
sion that commenced while .lefl'. Davis was in
this Hall. Wc said that they could not break
the laws of Congress, that they must still be en-
forced. Who!her right or wrong, we have con-
tinued 011 that idea. I say it is not necessary
or proper to change it and gel, up a different
declaration unless some great good can be ac-
complished or some great necessity exists for
it. If there has been any action of Congress
upon the subject, admitting that acts of seces-
sion were lawful or valid, J simply say that it
was without warrant of the Const it.nl ion 01- laws,
and that if we have got any precedents of that
kind they are sullicient without the aid of a res-
olution which has 110 binding force upon the
Senaie.
I have another objection to this resolution,
and it is a veiy impoi taut one. The resolution
upon its face contains an untruth. The main
recital of this resolution is not true in regaul
to a fact which has been heretofore regarded
as important, whether it be really important or
not. 1 do not regard it as so important as some
do. It. speaks ot the eleven Stales which have
been declared to be in insurrection. 1 ask when
and by whom were eleven States declared in
insurrection? The proclamation of the Presi-
dent. issued on the Hilli of August, 1861, did
not. declare the Slates to be in insurrection : but.
Abraham Lincoln, acting upon the same theory
which the President, is to-day carryingout, said',
"I do hereby declare "that the inhabitants of
certain States and parts of States," naming
them, ''are in a state cf insurrection against
the United States." Now, whatever you may
do here which jou admit has 110 binding force
or effect on anybody, 1 protest against the re-
cital of a fact which shall change the condition
of things as they existed at the time of the issu-
ance of that proclamation, or that shall place
oar late President in a false position in regard
thereto, because if there was any point upon
which he was careful it was that, i have ex-
amined all his proclamations, and he uniformly
speaks of the insurrection of the inhabitants of
the States. He always claimed that every loyal
man in those States had a right to the protec-
tion of the laws of Congress, and that if there
was but one tenth of tkem loyal they might form
a State government. That I thought was of
doubtful propriety, because I did not believe
they could maintain it, but he all the while con-
tended for the rights of those who remained
.loyal. lie said that the inhabitants of a State
might rebel, but the State never, and that all
the laws of Congress, and the solemn compact
of the Constitution should ever remain as a
tield to every loyal man who might dwell in
e South. That was the theory, and it is not a
very preposterous one. It is the one on which
we fought the war. It is the one that we in-
serted in our platform ; and I protest that that
proclamation of the 10th of August, 1861. shall
not be made to declare that President Lincoln
ever said or intimated tbat a State was in re-
bellion, for the language of the proclamation is
as 1 have read. lie declared the inhabitants
of certain States and. parts of States to be in
insurrection.
Now, if this resolution was made to conform
to the truth how would it read! It would read
thus:
That in order to closo agitation upon a question
whioh seems hkety to distiu b the action of the Gov-
ernment,, as well as to quiet, the uncertainty which is
agitating the minds ot the people of the eleven States
whose inhabitants have been declared to be in insur-
rection, no SenatororKepresentativeslial! be admit-
ted into either branch of Congrei-s from any of said
States until (Jonxress shall ha\e declared such State
entitled to such representation.
Now. is that a correct principle? Is it cor-
rect abstractly? It has 110 importance except
as a declaration of principle. It is not legis-
lation. It will have no legislative effect. There
is 110 other excuse for it except its purity of
principle. 11 is simply a declaration of prin-
ciple. 11 is not to accomplish any ulterior end.
J t is simply brought, in here as a grand declara-
tion of some important principle, in passing
bills, when there is a desire to reach some legit-
imate end, [ can excuse inaccuracies in the
statement, of reasons; but if we are going to
have a broad declaration of principle, I want it
not only to conform to the truth, but to be a
principle upon which we can stand.
Then, if this lesolulionbe correct in principle,
it means that if a portion of the people of a
Slate go into insurrection iliat State shall be
excluded from representation in Congress just
so long as Congress may elect. 1 do not say
that that'principle ever will be, and 1 hope it
uevcr may be, applied to any oilier section or
to this section again; but 1 ask you, are you
willing to apply it to other sections? If a part
of the people ol' a State rebel, you say Congress
may then exclude loyal Representatives from
the Halls of Congress so long as tlicy may elect
to do so.
Suppose the inhabitants or parts of Ihe in-
habitants of a State should be declared by the
PreMdent Jo be in insurrection, and there should
be a collision between the Congress and I lie
President; suppose the President should hap-
pen to declare some section particularly hostile
to him or to his party to bo in insurrection, the
question as to the right of the State to represen-
tation would be open and Congress would pos-
sess full power to exclude it. It does seem to
111c that this resolution is not. of sufficient im-
portance as an enunciation of principle that we
should take up the time of Congress to consider
it for a very long period at this important crisis.
Why take time now to consider a resolution
which its friends admit amounts to nothing,
and which certainly cannot be maintained in
point, of principle? Here I may say that it is
fortunate for the chairman of the committee of
fifteen who reported this resolution to the Ilouse
that this new doctrine was not understood, or
at all events not applied, at the time of the
"whisky insurrection" or the buckshot war
in Pennsylvania.
Is it not a dangerous doctrine to admit, first,
that a State may lose its right to representation,
or, in other worus, go out of the Union, and sec-
ond, whether the State has done so or not is a
matter which Congress may determine? Jeff.
Davis said that a State could go out of the
Union, and that the State was the proper tribu-
nal to determine when that fact was accom-
plished. That roused the whole loyal heart of
the people of the North. THey rose against it.
They fought it in these Halls. Mr. Lincoln
came into power. You undertook to deny it,
and it was the intensity and logic of that dis-
cussion that was then had which went through
this rebellion and'saved the country. This res-
olution says, in fact, that a State may go out of
the Union, but that Congress is the sole judge
when that fact has been accomplished. That
is the difference. ' I do not care much whether
the State judges or Congress judges. The Con-
stitution is fixed; they cannot go out. 1 deny
their power to go out, and I deny the power of
Congress to put a State out or to force a State
out, and I also deny the power of rebels and
traitors to do it. Yvc did deny it, and when
they attempted to do it and submitted it to the
arbitrament of war we decided the case on the
battle-field that the laws and the Constitution
of the United States were supreme and para-
mount and could-not be destroyed. I do not
want to take that declaration back. I have got-
ten into the habit of arguing it in that way. I
have been through political campaigns and met-
copperheads on that issue, and I do not like to
be compelled to rccall my words and admit that
I am wrong, because there are many men who
can understand this issue and meet us on it.
It may be said that Congress is a safer tribu-
nal before which to try that question than a
single State; but are wc certain that the ma-
jority of Congress may not some day, if this
principle shall be maintained and become a
precedent., find it convenient for party purposes,
or to gratify sectional prejudices, to make other
divisions or exclude from the Union other States
besides those referred to in this resolution ? The
principle is a dangerous one; and if the reso-
lution be adopted it may do more harm than
will at first appear; but if we arc simply here
to declare principles, and not to legislate or take
action, I say declare correct principles. It has
cost loo much blood and treasure to vindicate
the integrity of the Union and to establish its
indivisibility for us to admit that such a thing
could be possible under any circumstances.
But it may be said that denying the right of
a State to representation is not denying the fact
that the State is in the Union. I ask what is
the difference? Would any Senator here say
that if every man in the State of South Caro-
lina was as loyal as the Senator from Michigan
had been, as .true and as faithful to the cause
as he lias been during this war and after the
•'bellion was over, although duringthe war they
had been overcome by treason, and elected the
honorable Senator from Michigan and sent him
here, that he should not be received? If they
were every one that way, 1 ask. would you think
of excluding him? I think not. I say, how
can a State be in the Union and not be entitled
abstractly to representation, that being the
object for which the Union was formed?
13ut we are told by some that the States
whose inhabitants lrave recently been in rebel-
lion are-not States at all; but that question
can hardly arise under this resolution, for the
resolution itself calls tliera States, and I shall
not question the truth of that recital; for the
argument of the Senator from Wisconsin. [Mr.
HywE,] although an effort of marked ability,
failed to convince me that any State has been
either killed or committed suicide, and since
that. Senator's great effort the Supreme Court
of the United States have added to the execu-
tive branch of the Government their authority
to the effect that the Union has not been dis-
solved. Upon the breaking out of the rebel-
lion that court declined to hear cases from the
States whose inhabitants were declared to be
in rebellion, but not for the reason that those
States had gone out of the Union.
If this discrimination between a State and
its inhabitants is foolish, why does the Supreme
Court keep up that distinction? The Supreme
Courtall thewhilecalls them States. bnt,speaks
of the interruption of process by the insurrec-
tion of the inhabitants, and assigned that as a
reason why it would not hear cases from those
States. The Supreme Court said that the.in-
habitants of certain States have been declared
to be in insurrection; we cannot carry out oui
