1866.,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that this being a corporation solely under the
control of the Sisters of Charity, it might be
diverted to a different purpose. I have en-
deavored to guard against that by declaring
that this building shall be dedicated to the uses
hamed, for the use of indigent persons, and
that it shall be under the control and manage-
ment of the Sistersof Charity. 1 have guarded
it as far as I can.
Now, in regard to the general charity, from
all the representations that have been made to
me, I think it is one of the mest deserving ob-
jects to which Congress could giant aid. If
we grant thai ity in any case, we ought to do
so in a case of this kind. The number of tran-
sient sick here has, since the war, very largely
increased; and it seems to mo we ought to do
something for them. These ladies represent
to me that very often drunken people are
brought there, black and white, and they are
relieved promptly without regard to their creed
and without regard to their condition. Very
many persons are brought there in a very des-
titute state, and taken cave of until employ-
ment is found for them. From all the repre-
sentations that have been made to me by the
ladies themselves, and by other persons who
have no interest in this charity, I have no doubt
it is one of the most deserving and useful that
can commend itself to the attention of Con-
gress. My impression is, that with the limita-
tions contained in this proviso, the charity
would be a wise one, and that we ought to
contribute at least one third toward this char-
ity. Without this they cannot construct the
buildings that are necessary for the increased
number of patients that will naturally come to
them.
Mr. MORRILL. Perhaps, in addition to
what I said yesterday, I ought to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the charter of this
institution. I am only desirous that the Sen-
ate should understand precisely what they are
doing. It will lay the foundation for other
appropriations which I intend to urge. If the
."Senate adopt this principle, I shall not com-
plain of it, and I do not, intend to argue against
it. The Senate must judge for itself whether
this is the kind of charity which addresses
itself to the Treasury of the United States.
This is a private corporation in the strictest
sense. It is not a public corporation in any
sense whatever. The Government of the Uni-
ted States has no control over it in any way.
It, is not responsible for it; and so far as these
rights of these parties are concerned, they are
entirely independent of it, and it was so de-
signed to bo. I will refer to the charter. It
will be seen by the first section of the charter
that certain females, live in number, 1 think,
are associated with the ordinary powers granted
to similar private corporations, and with the
power—
" To have, purchase, rcccivo, possess, and enjoy
any estate in lamK tenements annuities, goods,
chattels, moneys, or cffecis and to grant, devise, or
dispose of Hie same in such manner as they may deem
most for the interest- of the hospital: Provided. That
tho rca.l estate held by said corporation shall not
exeoed in value the sum of £>150,01)0."
The next section declares the object,:
" Sec. '2. A'id he it further enneted, That the saidcor-
poration and body-politic shall have fait power to
appoint from their own body a president and such
other officers as they may deem neccssary for tho
purpose of their eication ; and in case of the death,
resignation, or refusal to serve, of any of their num-
ber, the remaining: members shall elect and appoint
other peibonr in lieu of those whose places ma.y have
been vacated; and the corporation shall have full
power and all the rights of opening and keeping a,
ho^-'itat in the city of Washington for tile earo of
such siek and invalid persons as may place them-
selves under the treatment and care of the said cor-
poration."
The third and last scction is in these words:
"Tlint the snul corporation shall also have and enjoy
full power a ml authority to make such by-la^ys, rules,
and regulations as may bo necessary for the general
accomplishment of the object of said hospital: Pro-
rided. That they be not inconsistent with the laws
in force in the District of Columbia: And provided
further, That this act shall lie liable to be amended,
altered, or repealed, at the pleasure of Congress."
When this bill was passed, it was proposed
by the Committee on the District of Columbia,
%> Jio desired to make the institution amenable
to the public, to provide that it should be liable
to visitations on the part of the public author-
ities, and the bill was reported accordingly.
But that was said to be objectionable. It was
said that this was simply an object of private
charity, and these persons wished to associate
themselves together in this way for the better
facility of tl'ansacting the business, but did not
make it a public institution, and they did not
desire the intervention of the public in its affairs;
and that an attempt to do so would destroy the
objects which the parties had in view. Regard-
ing it in that light the committee consented to
have the amendment stricken out. I say this to
advertise the Senate of the fact that it is, in the
strictest sense, a private corporation, in no way
under the control of the Government of the Uni-
ted States; nor does this amendment subject
them to our visitation nor to our control in any
way whatever. That the object is worthy, I do
not doubt,; that these Sisters of Charity are
ladies of the highest respectability and worth
there is no doubt; but the question still is,
whether the Committee on Finance intend to
recommend the endowment of simply private
charities or private corporations associated in
this way, over which wo have no control. I
believe this is all I have occasion to say.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I
have any particular objection to this proposi-
tion taken by itself; but as my colleague gives
mo notice that if it passes he is to offer two or
three more just like it from the Committee on
the District of Columbia to endow two or three
other institutions, which probably have just as
much claim as this one, I suppose it, becomes
the Senate to pause a little before granting this
amount of money.
The objection that he stated strikes me with
a great deal of force. I think that it might be
right enough for Congress to endow an institu-
tion of this description fairly and liberally; but
I think with him that if Congress is to appro-
priate so much money to erect buildings for the
purpose of establishing the hospital, it should
have some power of supervision of its concerns,
some right, of visitation. It is a mere private
corporation. After we have appropriated this
money and assisted in the erection of the build-
ing, and done it out of tho public purse, the
result is that we have no control whatever over
it in any possible way, and all control and in-
terference as to its management or a part of
its management is denied to the Government
or to any officer of the Government, although
we are called upon to make the appropriation.
I think myself that the great objection is
the hasty manner in which it is brought up. It
should have been laid before Congress with a
proper bill and with proper provisions guard-
ing the rights of the public in it, if the public
is to make the appropriation. So far as the
appropriation of ^12,000 a year, which we
make to pay for the support of certain pau-
pers in this institution, is concerned, that is
all well enough. It has been done without
objection. I aided in doubling the amount
which was appropriated for that purpose in
some bill that we passed very recently: I do
not remember exactly when. But here is an
appropriation of §30,000 to erect a new build-
ing. I did not understand from the statement
that was made to me by these ladies that the
building would cost $90,000. From the some-
what careful inquiries I made, I arrived at a
different conclusion about that, aud that this
appropriation would be about one half, and
more than one half in fact, of what it would
cost to erect the building.
Now, it is for the Senate to decide. For
r&yself, although under proper circumstances
and with proper guards and with the rights of
the public secured, if the public money is to
be appropriated for the purpose, I should not
be averse to doing fairly what the Government
ought to do with reference to institutions of
this kind in the District, yet I think that this
matter is rather hasty and is not sufficiently
taken carc of. So far as I am concerned I
am not disposed to vary from the report of the
committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to make one sug-
gestion as to the argument offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine to show that this appropri-
ation ought not to be made. No one, I sup-
pose, doubts that it is necessary that there
should be hospital accommodations in the city
of Washington. Nobody doubts that it is the
duty of Congress to make some provision to
establish and maintain such an hospital. Now,
it does not seem to me to be altogether logical
to say that because Congress does provide what
is necessary for the wants of the people of the
District, therefore Congress must make eyery
other appropriation that is asked for, whether
such appropriation be or not necessary for
such purposes. If the argument offered by the
Senator from Maine is to have its effect, then
there is to be no hospital in the District of
Columbia at all, unless it can be managed by-
private persons out of private funds, and I
understand the argument to be that if any ap-
propriation bo made for any hospital, then an
appropriation will be asked for two or three
hospitals or more; and the inference is that
no appropriation ought to be made at all and
there ought not to be any hospital here at all
for the accommodation of the people.
Now, sir, I think that Congress may, with
perfect propriety, make an appropriation for
this hospital, and refuse to make any other
appropriation for a similar purpose unless Con-
gress is satisfied that other appropriations are
necessary and that this appropriation is not
sufficient to meet the wants of the people in
this District. If that is apparent, then, so far
as I am concerned, I am willing to make all
appropriations of this nature that are neces-
sary, that are required by the indigence and
misfortunes of those that may be found in this
District.
I was inclined, for the want of information,
to vote in the committee to strike this provis-
ion from the bill, not knowing anything about
it: but since that time I have received infor-
mation which satisfies mo that this provision
ought to be made, that Congress cannot expend
this amount of money for any other purpose
that will do as much good as it will to provide
for the construction of this building. The
ladies that have charge of this charity have
commenced the construction of a building, as
I understand; they have appropriated some
four thousand dollars ; the building is partly
finished ; it is necessary that they should have
funds lo go on and complete the building; they
ask Congress simply to appropriate a part of
the necessary funds, and they say that the
present accommodations are not sufficient,
fhey have rented a house, comparatively a
small house; they find that it is not sufficiently
large and commodious for the purpose of a
hospital, and they desiro to put up a building
for that purpose, one that will be sufficiently
large and suitable for such a purpose. I have
understood—I do not know but that I ma,y be
mistaken—that this is the only hospital in this
eity that is now receiving persons and is in
act ual operation. But the Senator from Maine
said that there was another hospital, and per-
haps in that respect I am misinformed. It
seems to me that wo might with propriety make
this appropriation, and then decide on the pro-
priety of others when application for them is
made.
Mr. MOBIITLL. The Senator from Oregon
misapprehends me entirely. I have not argued
that it was not the duty of Congress to endow
a hospital here. I have said simply that this
was a private corporation to administer charity
on its own account, and that the question is,
whether the Congress of the United States will
endow such institutions. Now, to illustrate,
here are five maiden ladies, I believe, corpo-
rators. Suppose they were not associated by
the act, but were doing precisely what tliey are
doing under the act of incorporation, and ap-
plied here, setting forth the fact that, they had
a private hospital, would Congress grant them
£30,000 in this bill? Would Congress grant
them ^30.000 if they were not incorporated?
Congress would not consider it for one mo-
