1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2041
If you shut us out, and defeat this ship-canal,
what will be the consequence? Either the
West will be greatly retarded in prosperity or
we must have the means to get our products to
market; and if you do not afford us sufficient
facilities for transportation through the State
of New York by a canal of this sort, or by other
proper means, you will compel us to seek trans-
portation through the Canadas, whereby the
benefits of the transportation of our commerce
would be entirely lost to the State of New York
and the citizens of the country and given to the
Canadas.
If we cannot reach a market through New
York on reasonable terms, we will provide
other means, leaving New York out in the
cold. The West can and should take care of
her own interests. The best interests of the
whole country demand the most unrestricted
facilities and cheapest transportation for 'its
productions.
When this is furnished no interest is de-
stroyed or crippled, but the interest of all is
promoted. The East and West by that canal
will be more firmly united, and both parts of the
country equally benefited and nobody injured.
The SPEAKER. The fifteen minutes of
the gentleman from Illinois have expired.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. I yield
the remainder of my time to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, this meas-
ure was very fully discussed during the last
Congress; and I am happy to have it in my
power to say that this House, by a very decided
majority, passed a bill similar in its features
to that now before us, though for some reason
the measure failed to receive the concurrence
of the Senate.
Sir, I regard this measure as I have always
done heretofore, as simply one of time ; for 1
am satisfied that the imperious necessities of
the great and growing West demand and will
ultimately secure the construction of this
canal around the falls of Niagara. There can
be no doubt about that fact. No man repre-
senting here a district in the Northwest can at
this moment venture to vote against this great
measure, however mueli the intelligent, mem-
bers from the State \>f Now York may insist
upon their own policy of extending the capaci-
ties of the Erie canal.
I understand that the only objection offered
by members from the State of New York is that
this measure will interfere with the interests of
the State along the line of the Erie canal from
ButTaloto Albanv. But. sir, thcErieeanalcannot
be made of sufficient capacity to accommodate
the wants of the great West. We already trans-
port from tho upper lakes to the tide-waters of
the East one hundred million bushels of wheat
and corn. This quantity can easily be made
one thousand millions if you will give us facil-
ities for transportation. Growing as .the West
is in wealth and population, and hence in im-
portance, liow long can you successfully resist
a measure of such vital importance to that sec-
tion of the United States ?
I put out of view at the present moment the
question of the importance of this great work
as a military necessity as a channel, in a time
of difficulty with a neighboring Power, for the
transportation of armed vessels from tide-water
to the lakes, where we have so many flour-
ishing cities, where we have such a growing
commerce, and where we are now without any
protection except a single gun upon a single
vessel. Sir, at this moment we have upon ilie
upper lakes—I speak now of the lakes above
the Niagara falls—a fleet of water-craft con-
nected with commercial operations equal to
four thousand sail of vessels altogether. My
own little eitv which within my own recollec-
tion had but fifteen hundred inhabitants, lias at
this moment apopulation ofsixty-fivethousand.
and it has between three and four hundred ves-
sels employed in this lake commerce. Our
imports and exports within the last year would
astonish gentlemen living in the East, if they
do not know moie than my friends from that
quarter generally express themselves a; Know-
ing about our interests in the West. I say it
would astonish them to know the amount of
the exports and imports of the city of Cleve-
land, which does not pretend to compare with
the mighty city of Chicago, away beyond us on
Lake Michigan. The imports into the city of
Cleveland for the last year were $117,582,984.
The total of their exports was $96,572,137.
Now, when you take into this account Detroit,
Milwaukee, Chicago, with all the intermediate
points on that long chain of lakes, what would
you say to the imports and exports of the whole
Northwest bordering on these lakes?
It is a confessed fact that the Erie canal,
the Erie railroad, the Pennsylvania Central,
all these great lines of communication now
established leading from the Northwest to the
sea-board, are not enough to take off our sur-
plus products.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning
hour had expired.
Mr. SPALDING. I am in favor of the
passage of the bill.
II.XKOLLED JOIST RESOLUTIONS SIGNED.
Mr. TEOWBRTDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled joint res-
olutions of the following titles ; when the
Speaker signed the ,same :
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 108) appoint-
ing managers for the National Asylum for Dis-
abled Volunteer Soldiers ; and
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 88) expressive
of the thanks of Congress to Major General
Winfield S. Hancock.
uroiioanization of the at;iiv.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. :>(jl) entitled "An act to reor-
ganize and establish the Army of the United
States.''
The fifth section was under consideration,
having been amended so as to read as follows:
Sec:. 5. And be it further rnaetcd, Tluit llio officers
of tho thirty-seven regiments of inlantvy, first pro-
vided for in the foregoing section, shall consist of
those now commissioned and serving therewith,sub-
ject to such examination as tho condition of their
being retained in the scrvice as is hereinafter pro-
vided lor; and in making appointments to fill tho
original vacancies in tho thirty-seven regiments thus
provided for, and for a period of three years after the
passage of this act, aHiii'standsecondlieutenantSiind
two thuds of the officers of each of the grades above
that of first lieutenant shall bo selected trom anions
the officers and soldiers ol volunteers who have served
in the Army of the United States in tho 1 jto war tor
The suppression of the rebellion, and who have been
distinguished for capacity, good conduct, and efficient
service; but graduates of tho United States Military
Academv and enlisted men shall bo eligible to ap-
pointment as second lieutenants in those regiments,
asm the new legunents of cavalry, under the pro-
visions of the third section of this act, and not other-
wise: the Vetcian Ileseive corps shall be otficercd by
appointment from any officers or soldiers of volun-
teers «r of the regular Aimv who have been wounded
ill the lino of their duty while serving in the Army
of the United States in tho late war, or have been
disabled by disease eonti acted in such seiviee, and
niavyet bo competent lor garrison or other duty, to
which that corps has heretofore been assigned
The officers selected to fill original vacancies in tho
regiments of colored troops shall betaken irom among
those who have served as ofliceis ot colored troops in
the Army of tho United States in tho late war. And
all appointments of officers in the Veteran Reserve
coips and in regiments of colored troops shall bo
made on examination, as hereinafter provided.^ hav-
ing reference to capacity. good conduct, and efficient
service in every case : Provided, That all officers of
the cxistingVetcran Reserve corps, except those now
actually detailed for duty in the Freedmen's Bureau
or otherwise actually an dncccssarily employed, shall,
upon the passage of this act, bo mustered out of ser-
vice and put upon tho same footing with other dis-
abled oliicers not now in service.
The pending question was upon the follow-
ing amendment, submitted by Mr. Davis :
Add to the section the following:
And it shall be lawful to appoint and commission
as officers m any ot tile organizations authorized by
this act any persons who have been distinguished for
gallant and meritoiious scrvicc in the Army of tlie
United States during the late rebellion, and have
been wounded or partially diiabled therein while in
the hncot their duty: Provided, Tliedisabi'iuy arising
therefrom shall be such only as if incurred m the
regular service under officers' commissions wouldiiot
incapacitate them flora duty theiein.
The previous question had been seconded
and the main ejuestion ordered upon the sec-
tion and pending amendment.
Air. SCIIENCII. Mr. Speaker, I have con-
ferred with the gentleman from New York in
relation to his amendment, and considering it
is general in its character, relating to all arms
of the service, he agrees to withdraw it now
and to offer it as a new section hereafter.
Mr. CHANLER. I do not feel disposed to
obstruct the action of the House, but I should
like to understand the reason for this sudden
change.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask unanimoi s consent
thatthegentlemanfromNcw York [Mr. Davis]
shall be permitted to withdraw his amendment.
The section rela'tes entirely to infantry regi-
ments, and the amendment to all arms of the
service. It is deemed improper to attach to
a section applying to one particular arm of
the service general legislation in reference to
all arms. I prefer the amendment should be
withdiawn now and moved as an additional
section hereafter.
As to debate, there will be ample oppor-
tunity on each section. I do not propose to
stifle side debate at all.
Mr. CHANLER. The gentlemen on the Ad-
ministration side seem to wish that this matter
should pass without debate. I will withdraw
the objection.
The amendment of Mr. Davis was accord-
ingly withdrawn.
Mr. TAYLOR. Will it be in order to offer
an additional section here to come in immedi-
ately after this?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can move
it after the sixth section, not after this. An
additional amendment incorporated in the bill
is an amendment to the section immediately
preceding.
Jilr. TA\ LOR. The amendment that I wish
to offer comes in properly after the fifth section.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that it
would be an amendment to the fifth section,
and not in order, as (hut section lias been passed
from under the previous question.
Mr. TAYLOR. The object of it is to con-
tinue the pensions of all these officers and sol-
diers duiing the time they are in this service,
and if therefore properly comes in here.
Mr. SCHENCK. I "for one have no objec-
tion to its being offered here, but I do not give
it iny assent.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better go
on to the next section.
The Clerk read section six, as follows :
Sec. i*. And hp il further nnnrtcd, That the appoint-
ments to be made from among volunteer officers, un-
der the provisions of this act, shall be distributed, as
far may bi consistent with the interests of tho pub-
lic service, among the States, Territories, and District
of Columbia, in proportion to the number of troops
tnrmslied by them i espcctively to the scrvice of the
United States during the late war.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
words ''so far as may be consistent with the
interests of the public service." I think there
will be no difficulty in any State in finding
enough to fill their quota, and therefore I would
not leave it optional with anybody to make dis-
crimination acainst particular States.
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor.
Mr. N1BLACK. 1 rise to a question of
order. There is not a quorum present.
Mr. BROMWELL. I move that the House
j adjourn.
i '['lie SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
i [Mr. Scheitk] is on the floor.
. Mr. SCHENCK. I w ould like to get through
! this section.
The!SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Niblack] can demand a division
wliene\ er a vote is required.
Mr. SCHENCK. 'Die language proposed
to be stricken out was put in by the committee
simply because it might not be practicable to
divide the proportion precisely by arithmetical
calculation. If you should undertake to do so,
you might have for one State or Territory an
officer and a half or two thirds. If the gentle-
man will insert some words which will obviate
the requirement, for an exact division, so that
one ot our gallant men shall not be cut in two,
i! 1 wiii assent to it. I have no objection, for
J' instance, to distributing tjieso appointments m
h the proportion stated as far as practicable.
