1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
process there, and consequently will not hear
tliose causes.
That is what they said when the rebellion broke
out. They did not base their reason, mark
you, oil the fact that the States had gone into
rebellion, but that the inhabitant of the States
had gone into rebellion, and they could notissue
Erocess. That is the reason why they did not
ear cases during the rebellion.
But at the present term the court has set sev-
eral causes from Louisiana and other southern
States, which could only be done upon the sup-
position that these are States in the Union, for
the Supreme Court could only exercise such
jurisdiction as is conferred by the Constitution
and laws of the United States. Tue Constitu-
tion and the judiciary acts under which the
court entertains jurisdiction in these cases ap-
Ely only to States, as the court have repeatedly
eld.
The jurisdiction that this court exercises
Over the Territories is altogether distinct, and
is derived from that clause in the Constitution
which empowers Congress to make all needful
rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States;
and the court has frequently decided that be-
fore any jurisdiction could be exercised in a'fer-
ritory, Congress must expressly authorize the
exercise of such jurisdiction by law. I am not
aware that Congress lias passed any law by
which a case could be [nought either from the
Territory of Tennessee or Louisiana, and no
law can be found authorizing the court to hear
and determine cases to which I have referred
unless they originated in States in this Union.
Vv'lll you say, if they are States, that all States
have not the right of representation as an ab-
stract 1 iglit'? There may be no one worthy to
represent them ; and, unfortunately for the loyal
men of the South in many sections, they did
not have loyal men to represent them. It was
unfortunate for us that we had not the power
to succor them and guarantj' to thera repre-
sentation. It was unfortunate for us that wc
had to turn them over to be slaughtered by the
cruel conspirators. But I deny that they lost
their citizenship. I deny that the State of
Tennessee was ever out of the Union. 1 deny
that the President of the United States is or
ever has been an alien. I deny that Maynard
is an alien. I deny that Brownlow is an alien.
I deny that any loyal man who stood lirm in the
darkest night of the rebellion is an alien. I
will not vote for any motion, rule, resolution,
or other proceeding that can imply such a thing
by the most casuistical argument: and I say
that this resolution is capable, I think, on a fair
construction, but it is capable at all events of
the construction that the Union of the States
have been dissolved. There is no use in throw-
ing these irritating questions into the present
already too much excited state of the public
mind
But it is said, to what does this argument
lead? ITavo wc not the power to prevent trai-
tors and rebels from taking seats in this Sen-
ate ? Jeff. Davis said we had no power to make
war upon them unless we admitted they were
a foreign power. They said we had no right
to make war unless we admitted they were out
of the Union, that we could not make war upon
a State. We replied to Jeff. Davis, we do not
propose to make war upon a State, but we will
make war upon traitors. That is the way we
met the argument. That is the way the Union
soldiers met the argument. Now. you say that if
we admit-that a State is in the Union, and that
it lias the rights of a State, we cannot keep
traitors out of Co-.gress. I deny it. It does
not follow. The Senate lias no right to 'allow
traitors to come into this Hall.
Mr. RAMSEY. Why not?
Mr. STEWART. Because they are not qual-
ified. We have a right to expel them after they
come here. We are bound to do it. If a man
is elected by a disloyal organization, in violation
of good faith to the Government, you have a
right to inquire into that as a part of his elec-
tion. You have done it and can do it without
any congressional action. While I remain here,
I intend to do it. I intend to see that disloyal
persons are excluded, so far as my vote goes,
but 1 do not intend to admit that the logic of
Jeff. D.ivis was correct.
The power of the Senate to protect itself is
too well understood for anybody to doubt it.
It can just as well protect itself as it can with
the other House to lielp it. Suppose that a
person should come here claiming to be a Sen-
ator, and the question should arise whether the
Legislature that elected him was loyal. Sup-
pose that some of the members of that Legis-
lature had been convicted of treason and were
not entitled to seats in that legislative body,
but were mere usurpers in it, and his creden-
tials were here, would we not investigate the
fact to see whether lie obtained the requisite
number of legal votes to elect him, and would
we call upon (lie House to help us in the decis-
ion of that question ?
You say that otherwise it may happen that
a State may bo represented in the Mouse and
not in the Senate, or vi'X versa. May it not
happen that certain districts of a State are en-
titled to representation, and the whole State
not be entitled to leprescntation ? Suppose
that a district is truly loyal, as has been the
case in several instances; suppose that every
man, woman, and child within that district is
willing to stand by the flag, and a member is
elected by and goes to the other House from
that district, have the laws of that State been
so abrogated, is the State out of the Union so
that that House cannot investigate the fact
whether his loyal constituents shall be there
represented ?
It may be that the majority of a State may
be loyal, and may organize a loyal State gov-
ernment, and there may be districts in that
State that cannot be represented, or districts
that will not send proper men. I deny that,
when you adir.il the right of a State to repre-
sentation you are bound to admit all the dele-
gation from that State at once. You are to
investigate the cases of the persons who come
here, and see whether they come up to your
standard. Each House can do that, better sep-
arately than they can jointly, for a joint rule
liny not work well. Do yon pretend to say
that if there is a district in the South that has
always been loyal during this war, JetF. Davis
had the power to deprive those people of the
right of lepresentation? If so, why V Because
lie has abrogated the laws of Congress; and for
no other reason. Davis never did have control
of East Tennessee. lie was simply a raider
there. Those people stood out from the begin-
ning to the end. 'i'liey fought treason where it
was darkest and thickest. Do you say that, not-
withstanding he could not quench their insa-
tiable thirst of liberty and loyalty, notwith-
standing he could not make thein false to the
Union by burning their houses over their de-
fenseless heads, and by robbing them of their
property, he could render them incapable of
enjoying the privileges to which they are enti-
tled under the Constitution under which they i
live? j
If these people in the case I have supposed j
have lost their right of representation, it is not j
from their status; because m that section the j
status was just as1 good as anybody's, but from ;
the fact that there was some validity in the or- j
dinance of secession; and if we admit that va-
lidity, and say that we are forced to readmit
the State or pass any resolution that may be so
construed, the precedent will surely injure the
perpetuity of our Government. It is admitting
a rotten plank. It is admitting that a part of !
the people of a State may deprive the remain- j
der of the rights which they have under the j
Constitution. That is something that the last
Administration were tenacious about. It was
a thing that the Union party in the late strug-
gle were tenacious about.
This resolution says that they shall not be
admitted until Congress shall declare thc«e
States entitled to representation. If that is so
how is Congress to declare it? I ask in all
seriousness, how shall they declare it?,Suppose
they do it by a law. that law must assujng-,-as
this resolution does, that these eleven States
are not States in the Union and entitled to
representation, no matter how ioyal the State
governments or the Senators or -Representa-
tives who apply for admission may be; but tho
President—and here is,Ms crime—-has ex-
pressed a different opinion. ,Ho holds that loyal
men representing State governments hi these
rebellious States that are in conformity to the
laws of the United States may be admitted to
•Congress. _ If you say, how do wo know that
their constitutions are in accordance with it,
how do wc know that they have such constitu-
tions, I say examine them, just as you do in,
every case. Suppose the State of California
should again change her constitution, as she
has once done, and then elect a Senator and
send him here, would you have to readmit the
State ?
Mr^ CQNNESS. Will my friend permit me
to ask him a question?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. • Do I understand my friend
from_ Nevada to see no difference between the
petition of oae of the eleven States that have
beea in rebellion and the State of California,
in case the latter State changed the constitu-
tion of that State?
Mr. STEWABT. You understand me to
say this, that so far as going out of the Union
is concerned there is no difference. There is
a difference in the status of the people. The
people of these States rebelled, California did
not rebel. As far as the States are concerned
neither has gone out of the Union.
Mr. CONNESS. Neither State out of the
Union ?
Mr. STEWART1. Neither State has been
out of t.lie Union.
Mr. CONNESS. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that those States which have been
in rebellion have not only not been out of the
Union but are n(W in such a condition as to
bo admitted itjto tne Union?
Mr. STEWART. I have not said anything
of the kind.
■ Mr. CONNESS. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say or to hold that the States in rebel-
lion, before they shall comc into the Union
again and have their representation and their
former relations resumed, are to consult the
Executive?
Mr. STEWART. I will tell the Senator
what I do hold. In the first place, I hold that
no State has gone or can go out of the Union,
and consequently so far as being in the Union
is concerned they at all times remain the same.
I will tell the Senator further, that the loyal
men in those States have a right to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States; that
the disloyal have not the right of representa-
tion ; the loyal have, and if there is a sufficient
number of loyal men to govern the State, they
have the right to form a State government.
In the darkest time of the rebellion I deny
that the right to represent Tennessee in this
Hall by tliosfi who were loyal ever was for a
moment suspended, but their power to obey
the law, their power to represent it was pre-
vented by treason. They were overpowered,
and they were denied tfieir right of represen-
tation, not by Congress, not by the Govern-
ment. This war was to maintain for them that
right which rebellion had sought to take away
from them, and had for a time suspended the
harmonious relations of the State to the Gen-
eral Government; and it will be too much to
admit that this Government has ever been in
such a fix that the people thereof were really
not entitled to the protection of the Consti-
tution, and because they were denied it this
war was brought on, this war was prosecuted.
A man may have a right to a farm, and a
trespasser may keep him out of it, but if he
sues on his right, he recovers not a new farm,
not a new title, but he recovers the title he had
before. We said that the loyal men in the South
had a right to the Union, to the laws, to repre-
