1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
>001
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And also why it is that
neither of the gentlemen are now advocating
what the committee finally agreed to report to
the House as the result of their action upon
this subject.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. That I know nothing
about; I have stated all my knowledge upon
this subject.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would ask the gentle-
man if the substitute which he now offers is
the one to which he and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] _ agreed, and to
which the committee gave their assent.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. It is precisely the
same, with this slight difference: the original
substitute allowed the Secretary of the Navy
to accept the title to the site in favor of which
the commission should report. To that it was
objected by many whom I accounted my friends
in this matter, that it would be better for the
commission to report to Congress; that we
should hold in our hands at a subsequent ses-
sion of this or some future Congress the right
to determine which site to select. And in that
regard, 1 have modified my proposition; per-
haps 1 have not acted wisely. And now 1 state
that I understand the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Rice,] the chairman of' the
Naval Committee, proposes to modify my sub-
stitute by incorporating the original proposi-
tion, that the Secretary of the Navy shall at
once accept the title to that site in favor of
•which the commission shall report. To that
I shall have no objection whatever, if it shall
mee't the approval of a majority of this House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman has failed
to answer the precise question which 1 pro-
pounded to him, and that is this: why is it that
neither the gentleman from Pennsylvania nor
the gentleman from Connecticut are to-day
presenting the precise proposition to which the
committee, as a whole, gave their assent?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Why, Mr. Speaker, I
never thought that I had authority from the
Naval Committee to offer this substitute as the
bill of the committee. I never so understood
the matter. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Kelley] was deputed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to present his bill as the
bill approved by the majority of the committee.
I do now present my substitute, and I have no
right to present it, as the proposition agreed to
by the committee. I present it as my own prop-
osition ; and I rely upon the support of only
those gentlemen of the committee who may
agree with me in thinking that this is the best
proposition, all things considered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Why does not the gen-
tleman present the precise imposition which
was agreed to, instead of presenting a new
one? It was certainly agreed by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania and the gentleman
from Connecticut to make the report of the
commission final. I know that I argued on
the other side, and desired that the commis-
sion should report to Congress and that the
approval of Congress should be necessary; but
nnder the influence of both those gentlemen, I
yielded my own opinion upon that point. Why
is not that report advocated to-day by either
of/those gentlemen?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Why, _ Mr. Speaker,
what a position we should be in here if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania should x-eport
one proposition with the authority of the com-
mittee, while I should report another proposi-
tion with the authority of the committee, both
of us being mouth-pieces of the committee,
both having the right to the floor to-move the
previous question—making '' confusion worse
confounded." I never supposed, nor did any
other gentleman of the committee, except,
perhaps, my friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Eld-
ridgeJ that I was the spokesman of the com-
mittee upon this measure. All that I did was
this: the substitute which I have now offered,
varying only in the point to which I have al-
luded, I carried around to different members
of the committee to ascertain whether they
would agreee to sustain that substitute in the
House. And I must say, if my friend will per-
mit me, that I never understood that he agreed
to it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Did not the gentleman
understand that the members of the committee
individually agreed to that proposition, pro-
vided that it was satisfactory to the gentleman
from Connecticut and the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and that it was to be considered
as the action of the committee ?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Most distinctly, sir,
I say that I did not so understand. Even if
I had so understood, that understanding would
have fallen to the ground. 1 never relied upon
it after the gentleman from Pennsylvania no-
tified me, as he will do me the credit to bear
witness, that the committee insisted that he
should not abandon his bill but should press
it, and that therefore ho would not aeccpt my
substitute.
I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr,
Kelley] whether he did not so distinctly
inform me.
Mr. KELLEY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I will make a brief state-
ment of the circumstances in question.
Mr. Speaker, it cannot be more painful to
the gentleman from Connecticut or any other
gentleman to be involved in a personal contro-
versy or to be under the necessity of making a
personal explanation than it is to myself. Such
things are always disagreeable. I have my
own very distinct recollection of all this mat-
ter. I never considered the substitute which
has to-day been proposed by the gentleman
from Connecticut. I never saw it in its pres-
ent form. The proposition was at no time sub-
mitted to me. I read it for the first time this
morning, when I obtained it from the Clerk's
desk after the gentleman's personal allusion to
me. It does not contain the provisoes or lead
to the result contemplated by the substitute, to
the consideration of which 1 was invited, and
to which, under false information, I was con-
strained to assent.
On the 3d of March last, as the organ of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, I reported a bill
which had been maturely considered by the
committee. That is the bill now under discus-
sion. That, without any, the slightest modi-
fication, is the bill on which I have spoken
to-day. It stands precisely as it came from the
hands of the committee. After the gentleman
had returned from Connecticut (for, as he has
stated, he was not present at that time) it was
suggested to me that he had a substitute which
referred the question to a scientific or naval
commission, and made the finding of that com-
mission absolute in so far that it would be the
duty of the Secretary of the Navy to accept the
site indicated by the commission. 1 dissented
from it. I desired to stand on the action of
the committee. I had no doubt that a fair com-
mission examining all the sites would report
in favor of League Island, but inasmuch as the
committee had reported a specific bill I pre-
ferred to stand upon it.
I was then informed, Mr. Speaker, that with-
out consultation with me several members of
the Naval Committee had changed their opin-
ion. I ask for the ear of the gentleman from
Connecticut. I was then informed that several
members of the committee had changed their
opinions on the question, and instead of sus-
taining the bill which I as their organ was to
report, or had, I believe, reported to the House,
would sustain his substitute, ft was suggested
by the chairman of the committee that by my
accepting it under the circumstances a contest
might be avoided. He also suggested other
considerations which I will not indicate but will
say they did not relate to me, my personal
comforts, or my sensibilities. I did not yield,
but being assured by the gentleman from Con-
necticut that gentlemen upon whose support
of the bill I relied because they had been ear-
nest for it in committee were against it—thus
assured, I yielded ; and having done so, I waited
on the two members of the Naval Committee
on this side of the House, tlio gentleman from
Wisconsin and the gentleman from Ohio, to
know whether, if the bill were abandoned, they
would accept and sustain the substitute.
I was surprised, and I am pained to state it,
that when, after all this, I waited on the gen-
tlemen of the committee, of whose change of
opinion I was thus positively assured, who I
had been distinctly told wore against the bill
and for the substitute, I found them for the bill
and against the substitute. I hastened at once
to my colleagues of the committee, to whom I
had expressed a reluctant assent to accept the
substitute, and retracted it. One was the mem-
ber of the committee from Maine, [Mr. Piki;,]
whom I now see in a neighbor's seat, and the
other was the member from New York, [Mr.
Dablinu,] unhappily not now in his seat. When
I found the members of the committee were
not determined, as I had been informed they
were, to abandon the bill and accept the sub-
stitute, I hastened, I say, to such members of
the committee as I could see, and let them
know that I had been deceived; the decep-
tion having doubtless .been practiced through
mistake, of course, which was unintentional.
Underthese circumstances only did I consent to
support the substitute. If the substitute now
pending were accepted by any member of the
committee, as the gentleman from Wisconsin
and the gentleman from Ohio seem to suppose,
I begto assure them that it is not known tome.
It is not like the substitute brought to my
notice by the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, which provided for a commission
to examine certain sites and make a report
which should be final, and the Secretary of the
Navy should be bound to accept the site so
selected.
I resisted it because I was not willing to put
the power of Congress in the hands of a com-
mission, and especially after having seen how
an able, honorable, and honest commission
could, by adopting a false rule oi procedure,
be practiced upon by a corrupt and designing
man as in the case of the first commission
by the civil engineer. So there never was an
agreement obtained from me to assent to this
substitute. There never was an agreement
obtained from me to assent to the substitute
exhibited by the gentleman from Connecticut
to the members of the committee, except that
obtained fraudulently. Of course I use the
word fraudulently, as we do conspiring, con-
federating, and agreeing when preparing a bill
in equity. I do not charge the gentleman with
moral fraud, but I think his enthusiasm for a
poor cause so far carried him away that he
misapprehended the remarks of the gentleman
from New York and the gentleman from Maine,
as he may those of other members of the com-
mittee.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether the bill which
is now before the House is not the identical
bill that the committee agreed to report.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. LE BLOND. Has the committee at
any time agreed upon any other proposition
than the one now before the House?
Mr. KELLEY. Never.
Mr. LE BLOND. That, Mr. Speaker, is
my understanding of the action of that com-
mittee, and I say now that I have no recollec-
tion of ever being counseled by any member
of the committee in reference to the compro-
mise measure now pending.
If I have been spoken to it was outside of
the committee-room and it has escaped my
recollection. The gentleman from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Braxdegee] will remember whether
he or any other member of the committee
ever spoke to me on the subject. I ha\e been
from the beginning after full examination in
favor of the proposition that the committee
reported and no other, and I am so yet.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Now, Mr. Speaker,
this matter has narrowed down to a result to
which I think it had arrived before this per-
sonal discussion arose, and proves the truth
of what I started out with asserting, that these
