1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
sentation, that rebels had no right to take these
from them; they had no right to usurp the au-
thority of this Government, and we called upon
the loyal masses to rally to our aid. We tried
the suit before the god of battles, and, thank
that god, we won it, and we restored to those
loyal men their right of representation, which
• existed allthetime, butwhicli traitors attempted
and did for a time prevent them from enjoying.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my fuend permit me
to ask him a question?
Mr. STEWART. If I am expected to con-
elude to-night, I had better not bo interrupted."
Mr. CONNESS. I do not want to interrupt
the Senator, but [ desire to ask a question.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend slate in his
Opinion how many loyal white men there were
in the Stateof South Carolina after the flag had
been (iredupon atSumter? And up to the time
that Sherman marched to the sea, how many
loyal were there in South Carolina to organize
a loyal government?
Mr. S THWART. Does the Senator say there
were none ?
Mr. CONNESS.^ No; I want the Senator's
opinion on that point.
Mr. STEWART. I have not taken the cen-
sus of South Carolina. What does the Senator
think ?
Mr. CONNESS. My opinion is there were
not many, not enough to form a loyal govern-
ment. Now, [ ask the Senator's opinion.
Mr. STEWART, i do not think there wore
enough at that fime to form a loyal government.
Mr. CONNESS. Then, I ask (he Senator,
what produced that? 1 ask (he Senator, if be
is hero the advocate of the organization of what
he calls a loyal government in South Carolina
by executive agency, which denies the right of
Congress, to pass upon the question of whether
they are a loyal State or not, whether they are
fit or not to resume their former relations with
the Government of the United States.
Mr. STIiWA I IT. 1 am 1141 discussing South
Carolina at this time. 1 am not examining
her. J say that if there was a loyal man in
South Carolina, he had his rights under the
Oon'stitution and that is what wc declared in
the beginning, and I might turn around and
ask him now if ho does not bjlicve there were
always in some of those. States sufficient loyal
men to carry on a State government. Why arc
they excluded? ] am not talking about admit-
ting or excluding anybody. 1 am talking about
the principle. 1 am talking about this question,
whet her or not (ho rebels were able, not only to
subjugate the loyal men of the South, to tram-
ple I hem- under their feet, to burn their houses,
to drive them from their homes, but, (o take
from them their legal rights under the Consti-
tution of the United States.
''That is the proposition involved in this, and
not whether all the inhabitants of South Caro-
lina have jet become loyal, or whether she has
sufficient loyal population lo control the State.
If slit1 has not, and she does not send loyal
men here, we will not receive them; but we
will not say, in not receiving them, "You loyal
men are as bad as the others: they have all lost
alike " We will make the proper distinctions;
we will stand upon the jssues as we stood upon
them during the war.
Mr. CONNESS. Do I understand the
Senator to refuse fo be interrogated further?
Mi'. STEWART. J would rather not yield,
becau.se it is very late and it will take me a
great while to get through if I am to be con-
stantly interrupted.
Mr. frXENDKJCICS. If the Senator will
yield T will move an adjournment.
Mr. CLARK. No, no; let us finish to-night.
ThePRBSIDINU OFKJCER. The Senator
from Indiana moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. STEWART. It is at the pleasure of the
Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator prefers
to go on, I shall not insist on the motion.
Mr. SI EW ART. No, I would like very well
if the Senate would adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope there will be no
adjournment. I must call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Rather than go through
with that, i withdraw the motion.
Mr. STEWART. I will go on. In discuss-
ing these questions, it is embarrassing for any
one to do so without taking into consideration
all the circumstances by which we are sur-
rounded and the other propositions of this com-
mittee, and I propose to take up the other prop-
ositions in connection with this, so as to see from
time to time how this bears upon the general
question.
There is another proposition of the committee
of fifteen, which, if passed, will obviate the ne-
cessity of passing this, and obviate the necessity
of any further constitutional amendment, and I
think obviate the necessity of any more Slate
Legislatures or conventions. To that I propose
to call the attention of the Senator, and it may
be if we pass that, it is everything that it is
necessary to do. f believe it accomplishes the
whole work. All other legislation to fix guar-
antees is very unimportant if the article recently
reported is passed, and I call the special atten-
tion of the Senate to this proposition to amend
the Constitution of the united States. The
resolution has not been at all discussed here,
and my only objcct in calling attention to it is
to show that it is apart of the work of this same
committee, and to estimatcif possible how long
legislation will have to be delayed if this reso-
lution passes. 'The merits of one depends so
much upon the other that it is impossible, it
seems to me, to consider one fairly, and par-
ticularly the one under consideration, without
an examination of the others, in order to see
whether it is necessary to wait for their final
adoption or whether they arc ever likely to be
adopted. The propositions arc three in num-
ber ; the one which immediately preceded the
resolution under consideration proposes the fol-
lowing as an amendment to the Constitution:
Artici.k —. TheConsrressshrtllliavc power to mako
alt taws which I i be necessary and proper toseeuro
to tlio eiti/.oua of each State atl privileges and immu-
nities of citizens in tho several States; and to all per-
sons m the soveial States equal protection in tho
rights oftite, liberty, and property.
This resolution has not been discussed. My
only object in calling attention lo it in this con-
nection is that this part of the plan of recon-
struction for which time is asked may not be
overlooked. If I understand it correctly, it
would work an entire change in our form of
government. The first clause is not very ma-
terial perhaps, it provides (hat Congress may
pass laws to carry into effect a part of the Con-
stitution of the United States as it. now stands,
which might be all well enough if the United
States courts had not already complete juris-
diction to make part provisions of the Consti-
tution effectual; for a citizen of each Stale will
enjoy all the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens of the several States, unless some State
should pass a law abridging that right, which law
would be unconstitutional, and the courts would
be bound so to declare.
1 repeat, the present provision of the Consti-
tution will have all the effect of securing to the
citizens of each State all the rights and immu-
nities of the citizens in the several States, un-
less some Stale passes a law which denies that
right." Then the United States courts have
jurisdiction. Missouri once undertook that ex-
periment in the memorable contest of 1819-20.
An act. was passed to allow Missouri to forma
State government with slavery, provided cer-
tain territory should be reserved to freedom.
She organized a constitution. and came here for
admission with a clause that negroes and mu-
lattoes should not enter the State, or rather she
said that the first session of the Legislature
should pass such a law. Congress decided that
this was in violation of the constitutional pro-
vision that the citizens of each State should
cn^oy all the rights and immunities of citizens
of the several States, and Mr. Clay, after the
subject was discussed for weeks and weeks,
offered a proviso which was adopted, and sent
the State back. The proviso said that she might
come into the Union if her Legislature would
consent never to exercise that power; and the
reason why it was sent back was because it was
in conflict with the Constitution of tho United
States as it then stood.
I believe Illinois and some of the western -
States did practically carry this out for awhile,
refusing to allow free negroes to go among
tliem ; but it was not for the want of a law but
for the want of somebody to enforce it. The
courts were open to anybody to enforce it.
We had law enough. Why empower Congress
to pass a law when you have the protection of
the Constitution ? But that is not the material
part of this resolution; I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman to it, for I am in earnest
about my construction and believe that I am
correct. The last clause taken in connection
with the first part of the sentence to which it
belongs, omitting the intervening words, reads
as follows:
Tho Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper to secure to all
persons in the several States, equal protection in the
lights of lifo, liberty, and property.
That is to say, Congress shall have power
by law to make all tho laws in all the States
affecting the protection of either life, liberty, or
property, precisely similar; for the protection
of life, liberty, and property, must be equally
secured to all persons in all the States. And
how shall this be effected, unless the laws are
equal? And how shall they be made equal
except by Congress? The laws of the several
States in this Union are very dissimilar in many
respects, and some may afford greater protec-
tion to life, liberty, and property than others;
but, Congress must examine and modify all these
laws, so that they shall afford tho same protec-
tion in all the States that they do in any. The
only way this could be accomplished, would be
for Congress to legislate fully upon all subjects
affecting life, liberty, and property, and in this
way secure uniformity and equal protection to
all persons in tho several States. When this
was done, there would not be much left for the
State Legislatures, for I apprehend that the
great body of the laws of tho several States as
in fact of any government relate to the protec-
tion oflifc, liberty, and property.
Undoubtedly this had reference to some other
subject. It undoubtedly had reference to pro-
tecting the negro or something of that kind,
but it does not say that they shall have the
same rights and privileges in the several States
as in any State, but it says throughout the
United Slates. The laws affecting life, liberty,
and property shall equally secure these ends.
Congress must pass ail laws affecting life, lib-
erty, and property, and I would like to know
what is left to the States after you pass all
these laws; and it must be done so as to secure
these ends equally to all persons. We shall
have no necessity for State Legislatures when
that is done. But I hardly think when this is
examined that anybody will favor it. We havo
got along so far so well that I hardly think we
are willing to say that the laws of tho States
shall not continue to afford protection to all
persons within their limits. I think the com-
mittee had in view one object, but by their
amendment would accomplish another.
Is all action going to be postponed until this
amendment is adopted by tho States? I do not
think it will over be adopted, and if adopted
there will be groat difficulty in making laws
equal in Massachusetts and in South'Carolina
so as to protect life, liberty, and property in
the same way in both. It seems to me that the
grammatical, legal, and necessary construction
of this proposed amendment can hardly have
been intended by its framers. But I propose
to consider tho various propositions, and I will
pass on.
If the Senate would give me an adjournment
now I should like it very well as I am really
about to commence my speech.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
