1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3003
argument which he adduced then. He made
'the same attacks upon the commission which
was appointed by the Secretary of the Navy;
he made the same attacks even upon some mem-
bers of the committee of this House, which was
appointed with a view to consider this as well
as all other matters relating to naval affairs.
E[e attempted to hold up to scorn and suspicion
the motives of the commission of naval officers
who examined the subject and reported upon
it, and questioned as ho does now the reliabil-
ity of their acts because they happened to have
been born in certain portions of the country.
Now, are these the arguments by which to con-
vince this House?
I will read you the names of this com-
mission, and show you how near to Philadel-
phia or League Island they were born and
how much their local inclinations and feelings
could be likely to affect their judgment. I
find by the Navy Register that Commodore
Stringham, now rear admiral, was born in the
State of New York; Commodore Gardner was
born in Maryland; I think Commodore Van
Brant was born in the State of New York, but
I have not had time to find his name in the
Register; my friend from New York [Mr.
Beiigen] informs me lie was born in New Jer-
sey. I arn pleased to be corrected. It is'not
important to this argument where they were
born, but it is one of the petty means used
here to create a prejudice against the minority
of the commission. These are the gentlemen
who signed the majority report, much to the
delight of my friend from Connecticut. Not
one of them, however, was a Pennsylva-
nian. Engineer Sanger was also with the
majority. Massachusetts claims him as one
of her sons. I will not stop to discuss him,
my colleague [Mr. Kklle\tJ having already
done that.
And I assert boldly that if I had time to look
over that report I could prove from it to the
satisfaction of members of the House that in
every requisite for a naval station for the
building of iron-clad vessels, for their repair,
for their armature, and in all other necessary
respects the majority of that commission have
given a report in favor of League Island. I
do not mean to deny that the bottom of the
Delaware river is muddy as they have said,
but I mean to say that in all the requisites for
a naval station, and especially for a navy of
iron-clads propellod by steam, League Island
on the Delaware river is the best and safest
point upon our coast.
Sir, I find appended to the report of the
minority of the commission—and I am sorry
to go over this ground again because I believe
these reports were fully discussed in the last
Congress—the name of Commodore John Mar-
ston, a most worthy officer of the Navy; an
officer to whom the gravest responsibilities have
been intrusted at various times; who has com-
manded ships and commanded fleets; who, it
has been charged by the gentleman from Con-
necticut, is from Philadelphia, but who was
born in Massachusetts. Only one of those
six gentlemen, members of that commission—
Professor Bache—was a native of the city of
Philadelphia.
But, sir, suppose that they had all been born
in the city of Philadelphia ; suppose that they
had all been born within two miles of League
Island ; is it to be imagined that they, sworn
officers of the Navy, would not perforin their
duty aright to the Government? Sir, if there
are any men connected with the service to whom
I would intrust a question as to what is right
or wrong, what is suitable or unsuitable with
reference to the general good of the country,
I would not hesitate to place confidence in the
officers of our Navy and of our Army. It seems
to be the study of their lives to be governed
by the best and the noblest motives, and pre-
judice seldom enters into their decision when
any matter is officially submitted to them.
The gentleman speaks of this question hav-
ing been before the House some four years.
Why, sir, of course it has been here four years.
The natural consequence of the breaking out
of the rebellion was to bring it up as a demon-
stration of the wants of the Government in
reference to a suitable naval station. And he
is surprised that the members cannot see that
the harbor of New London is the place for
erecting a navy-yard in which to build iron-
clad vessels. Why, sir, the question of New
London has been here as long as League
Island. I well recollect reading the discussion
in the Thirty-Seventh Congress. If 1 remem-
ber rightly it came before the House toward
the close of the session by the report of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and then the rel-
ative merits of League Island and New London
were considered. The superiority of New Lon-
don as a location for a naval station was then
insisted upon, as it has always been insisted
upon, by the gentleman from Connecticut and
others representing the interests of that State.
During the last Congress he and others, mem-
bers and citizens, urged its claims in every way.
Sir, I am not surprised at this. I never
believed that the citizens of this country had
no right to impress their views upon their Rep-
resentatives, or that those Representatives, if
convinced, had no right to urge those views
upon Congress. I think the gentleman and
his coadjutors performed no more than their
duty by presenling the views of their constit-
uents on a question in which they were inter-
ested. But, sir, the claims of League Island
are not to be prejudiced by any such argument
as that they have been heard and presented for
years.
Mr. Speaker, there is another attempt in my
estimation to make difficulty in this House or
to create prejudice. The gentleman speaks of
the formation of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. He speaks of it in this Congress, and
he refers to it in the last Congress. No mem-
ber from Pennsylvania has complained of the
formation of the Committee oil Naval Affairs
in this Congress, the last Congress, or the
Thirty-Seventh Congress. Now, the commit-
tee of the last Congress reported against League
Island. They considered it and must have
acted on their best judgment. They considered
it with the light which was then thrown on the
question. We have now other information,
and I refer to one strong point, the letter of
Captain Pox, Assistant Secretary of the Navy,
in regard to the back channel. The Naval
Committee of this session had this point in-
vestigated, and it may have induced the report
of this bjll and the recommendation of its
passage.
My colleagues have never complained of the
action of any Committee on Naval Affairs.
They never complained of the action of the
commission instituted in 1803, a majority of
which it has been yrged preferred N ew Lon-
don. That majority performed its duty ac-
cording to what then seemed, I presume, to
be its honest convictions. Notwithstanding
the report, the House would have adopted
League Island as the location but for one rea-
son. The cost, sir, prevented its favorable
action—and I then most, clearly understood
the views of members—not at all because of
the unfitness of the place. I need scarcely
say that it was believed that, all the money
which the Government could command would
be needed to bring the war to a successful
conclusion. On the question of locality and
its eligibility in every way for a naval station
I think the House itself was satisfied that
League Island was the best.
I am sorry to prolong the discussion on these
points, but it seems to me to be necessary that
the gentleman's charges should be refuted, be-
cause they are calculated to excite prejudice.
I think he referred to the Navy Department
molding the Committee on Naval Affairs to
suit its own views. He alleges that every effort
was made to keep him off the committee. Now,
he maybe the most able member from his State,
but he must not forget that there were other
members from Connecticut on that committee
before he came here. I know nothing about
the wrangle and .squabble of members for places
on committees.
As I have said before, I have been drawn
from the line of remark I intended to follow
in discussing this subject. I intended to give
a brief sketch of the creation of the Navy. I
desigeed_ to take the House back to revolu-
tionary times, to the Algerine war, to the war
of 1812, and to the Mexican war. I could
have shown that for some time after the com-
mencement of the revolutionary war not a ves-
sel belonged to us. I could have shown the
struggles m the Continental Congress to create
a navy. I could have shown that in the begin-
ning of the war of 1S12 we had a navy of but
very few effective ships, which had to be re-
paired at a very great expense. I could have
shown that at the commencement of the rebel-
lion we had not enough national vessels to con-
tend against the rebels and their sympathizers.
It brings me to this point: in looking over
the liistoiy of the Navy I find that it was not
an unusual thing for localities to make gifts
for the purpose of establishing navy-yards. I
think navy-yards were not established until
about the commencement of this century. It
was provided that certain places should have
the building of certain vesscls-of-war. Hence
we see the presentation of land by States to
the Government for the purpose of navy-yards
is not by any means a new thing.
The gentleman from New London has cer-
tainly urged with great earnestness its claims
as the best>place for this naval station. But
he has told you nothing in reference to the in-
defensibility of New London. He endeavors to
stigmatize League Island as a mud-hole, but
says nothing of its perfect dcfensibility.' He
endeavors to show that the distance of League
Island from the sea is one hundred miles. For
the sake of his argument he makes it twenty
miles more than it really is. He perhaps has
never traveled along the Delaware river. Ho
knows nothing about its distance from the
ocean. I really believe he prefers to remain,
in ignorance of everything connected with it.
I can in no other way account for his well-
worded abuse and depreciation of its countless
merits and advantages.
But, sir, let all that go. The gentleman
does not tell you of the great defect of New
London. I speak on this question as if the
gentleman's substitute provided only for the
establishment of a navy-yard at New London.
I look at it in that way and in no other. One
great defect of his fa-vorile place is the want
of facilities in procuring labor. The site sug-
gested is three or four miles from a city with
a population which 1 will not say is insufficient
to fill up a blacksmith shop with skilled work-
men, but where you certainly cannot get a
supply of the mechanical labor required. It
is a city which, from natural causes, cannot
hold a population exceeding twelve thousand.
You cannot possibly extend its limits so as to
provide for an increased population, it being
so surrounded by high hills of hard rock that
its growth must forever he impeded. It is not,
therefore, a fitting place for the great naval sta-
tion for such a navy as the United States will
require.
But, sir, one great advantage of League
Island is that an enemy's fleet could not
reach it.
Mr. LE BLOND. With the gentleman's
permission, I would like to make a single
remark,
Mr. O'NEILL. Not just at this time.
Mr. LE BLOND. It would come in appro-
priately just at this point.
Mr. O'NEILL. I would rather the gentle-
man would wait; I do not intend to detain the
House long.
Now, sir, as I have said before, the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Connecticut is in
effect a proposition to establish a navy-yard at
New London, and nothing else. The gentle-
man cares nothing about the proper requisites
for such a great yard. He knows that his lo-
cality is not the place for a naval station of
the character desired. His object is to place
it in the harbor of New London, among the
rocks. Sir, that is no place to build iron-clads;
