1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
to the course pursued by the Emperor of the
Trench and the Emperor Maximilian in the
affairs of Mexico; -which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, when appointed, and ordered to
be printed.
The following is the joint resolution:
Wb.are.as in a letter of instructions, dated July 3,
18G2, directed to General li'orey, commanding the
French forces in Mexico, the Emperor of the French
indicated his policy concerning the affairs of the com-
ment, by declaring that it was his intention to estab-
ish a monarchy in Mexico "which would restore U>
the Latin race on. this side of the Atlantic all its
strength and prestige, guaranty security to the French
West India colonies, and those of Spain; secure the
interest and establish the influence of France in the
eentcr of Amcnca, and prevent the United States
from taking: possession of the Gulf of Mexico, from
■which they would command the Antilles and ftouth
America, and so become the only dispenser of the
products of the Now World;" ami whereas, in pursu-
ance of said policy, an attempt has been made to es-
tablish a monarchy in Mexico contrary to the wishes
of its people, and to support Maximilian in his usur-
pation by European soldiery; and whereas, among
other acts contraiy to the spirit of the age and of hu-
manity, the so-called Emperor of Mexico, by a decree
and regulations dated September 5,1SG5, practically
established slavery in his dominions, and by a decree
dated October '■>, 18(35, has violated the usages of civ-
ilised warfare by denying to the Mexican republican
troops the rights of belligerents, and ordering their
execution wherever found in twenty-four hours after
capture: Therefore,
J3e it rejoiced by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States in Congress assembled, 1.
That we contemplate the present condition of affairs
in the republic of Mexico with the most profound
solicitude. '2. That the attempt to subvert one of the
republican Governments of this continent by a foreign
Power, and to establish on its ruins a monarchy sus-
tained solely by European bayonets, is opposed to the
declared policy of the United Slates Government,
offensive to our people, and contrary to the spirit of
our institutions.
Jief'Jvcd. That the Provident of the United States
be requested to take such steps concerning this grave
matter as will vindicate the recognized policy and
protect the honor and interests of our Government.
CONFISCATION ACT.
Mr. JULIAN", in pursuance of previous no-
tice. introduced a bill to repeal a portion of the
"joint resolution explanatory of an act to sup-
press insurrection, to punish treason and rebel-
lion, to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels, and for other purposes," approved J uly
17, 1802 : which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, when appointed.
SUFFRAGE IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. JULIAN" also, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill to extend the right of
suffrage in the District of Columbia ; which was
read a iirst and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, when
appointed.
CATTLE DISEASE.
Mr. WENTWORTH, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, introduced a bill to prevent the
spread of foreign diseases among the cattle of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time bv its title.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If the House will
indulge me, I will say that if it is of any im-
portance to pass this bill at ail, the last news
from Europe shows that it ought to be passed
this very hour.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules, the bill
must be referred to a committee without de-
hate. 'It cannot be passed at this time, even
by unanimous consent.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask that the bill
be read. I have been to the Treasury Depart-
ment on this subject, and the bill was drawn
up under the eye of that Department.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
hibits the importation of cattle into the United
Slates, and makes it the duty of the Secretary
of the Treasury to establish such regulations
as will give the law full and immediate effect,
and to send copies of them to the proper offi-
cers in this country, and to all officers or
agents of the United States in foreign conn- i
tries. The second section provides that when- j
ever the President shall have given thirty days' i
notice by proclamation that no further danger ;
is to be apprehended from the spread of foreign :
infectious or contagious diseases among cattle, |
thislaw shall be of no force, and cattle may
be imported in the same way as before its
passage.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will ask to have
the bill referred to the Committee on Commerce,
with power to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of a
suspension of the rules, and the rule is imper-
ative, that, during the morning hour on this
day, the rules cannot be suspended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to my colleague that he postpone the matter
for the present; when the proper time comes
lie will have no difficulty in getting the House
to take the bill up.
The SPEAKER. The rule is imperative that
bills introduced during the morning hour of
Monday must be referred to their appropriate
committees, and cannot be recalled by a motion
to reconsider.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Can I withdraw it?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then I will withdraw
it, and refer it to a committee of one for the
present.
EQUALIZATION 01? TIOCN'TTES.
Mr. BEOMWELL introduced a bill to equal-
ize bounties to non-commissioned officers, mu-
sicians, and privates in the volunteer'service of
the United States, and for the relief of certain
officers therein mentioned ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Military Affairs.
FEDERAL COURTS.
Mr. ANDERSON" introduced a joint resolu-
tion in reference to the Federal courts ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee 011 the Judiciary.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. BENJAMIN introduced a joint resolu-
tion for amending section nine of article 011c
of the Constitution of the United States ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. ELIOT. T move that the joint resolu-
tion introduced by me a few- minutes since, be-
ing p. joint resolution declaring the condition of
States recently in rebellion, and the powers of
Congress in relation thereto, be referred to the
joint committee 011 that subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. I raise the point of order
that there is no such joint committee yet au-
thorized. "Where a committee is authorized by
law, I take it such bills or joint resolutions must
be referred to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The rule has been followed
heretofore that when a joint committee is au-
thorized by either House, and is awaiting the
action of the other House, subjects can be
referred to that committee even before the con-
currence of the other House. Jf the commit-
tee should not be raised, then the whole com-
mittee will fall.
The motion was agreed to, and the joint res-
olution referred accordingly.
LAND TITLES IN ST. LOUIS.
Mr. BLOW introduced a bill authorizing doc-
umentary evidence of titles to be furnished to
owners of certain lands in the city of St. Louis;
winch was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Private Laud Claims.
UNITED STATES JUDICIARY.
Mr. WILSON introduced a bill to amend
the judicial system of the United States; which
was read a first aud second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
BURLINGTON AND MISSOURI RIVER RAILROAD.
Mr. WILSON" also introduced a bill to ex-
tend the time for the completion of the Bur-
lington and Missouri River railroad: which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad. |
THHtTY-SEVENIH IOWA. REGIMES!. •
Mr. WILSON also introduced^ bill for the
relief of the members of the thirty-seventh
regiment of Towa volunteer infantry; .-which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs. .
RAILROADS IN "IOWA, '
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, introduced,a bill
extending the time for the completion of cer-
tain railroads in the State of .Iowa; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. ALLISON introduced a bill to construct
a canal to improve the Upper rapids and
Lower or Des Moines rapids of the Mississippi
river; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee 011 Roads and Ca-
nals, and ordered to be.printed.
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON.
Mr. HENDERSON introduced a bill grant-
ing lands to the State of Oregon to build a
military road; wThich was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
MAIL ROUTE IN OREGON.
Mr. HENDERSON also introduced a bill to
establish a mail route from Auburn to Clarks-
ville, in Oregon; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. LATHAM introduced a joint resolution
giving the consent of Congress to the transfer
of the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson from
the State of Virginia to the State of West Vir-
ginia ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The call of States and 'Territories for bills and
joint resolutions having been concluded—
Tlic SPEAKER announced that the next
business in order would be the resumption of
the call of States for resolutions, commencing
with the State of Illinois.
TRANSPORTATION OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS.
Mr. COOK submitted the following resolution,
upon which he called the previous question:
Jicsolvcd, That the Committee on Roads and Canals
be instructed to inquire what legislation, if any.isne-
eessary to increase the facilities tor the transportation
of the agricultiual products of the western States to
tlio sea-board, and to cheapen the cost of such trans-
portation, either by aiding and encouraging the open-
ing ofnew channels of communication, 01- of increas-
ing tlioso already existing; and that they report by
bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and
tlie main question ordered; which was upon
agreeing to the resolution.
The question was taken, and the resolution
agreed to.
CATTLE DISEASE AGAIN.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to proceed to the
consideration of the bill I introduced a little
while ago, to prevent the importation of cattle
into the United States.
The House proceeded to the consideration
of the bill.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. "WENTWORTH. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, under the operation
of which the bill was ordered to bo engrossed
and read a third time ; _ and being engrossed,
the bill was read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
I bill.
j Mr. WENTWORTH. Upon that question
I call the previous question.
Mr. ELDR1DOE. I would ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Wentwokth] if this
bill prevents the importation of cattle from
Canada?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I think the greatest
danger to be apx ehended is from Canada.
