1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8963
this appropriation, but to say that it was a
private charity, or contribution to a private
corporation, and that there was another pri-
vate! corporation of a similar character asking
the same thing, and that the District of Colum-
bia Committee had not granted it, and had not
concluded to grant it, except on the condition
that the precedent was established of granting
these bounties to private charities. That is all
I said. I did not say it by way of menace, and
1 did not say it by way of argument to induce
the Senate not to enter upon this system.
Mr. ANTHONY. It seemed to have that
effect upon the Senator who had charge of the
bill. „ ,
Mr. MORKILL. I think in the fact there
is legitimate argument, and I think there is
legitimate force in the fact. Jt presents the
question whether the Senate of the United
States will endow institutions in which they
have no interest and over which they have no
control.
Mr. ANTHONY. The question is whether
we shall endow charitable institutions which
can help themselves, whether we shall give
$30,000 to the managers of an institution that
raise $00,000 themselves, or whether we shall
give all our bounty to those institutions that
do nothing for themselves.
Mr. GRIMES. What are those institutions?
Mr. ANTHONY. The Deaf and Dumb Asy-
lum and the Insane Asylum. Seventy-five
thousand dollars is appropriated in this bill,
and very properl}*, I think, for the deaf and
dumb.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Private individuals
have done nothing for those. They are Gov-
ernment institutions.
Mr. ANTHONY. Here is an institution
which renders a most valuable charity. I be-
lieve it, was at one time the only institution in
which colored people hero could have hospital
accommodations.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this is the only
institution in the District of Columbia where
transient persons- can be taken for immedi-
ate care. There are many cases of drunken-
ness. for instance, where transient persons
are taken in.
Mr. ANTHONY. And the funds to sup-
port it are derived, I understand, mainly from
private contributions.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator
from Rhode Island that the Insane Hospital
is designed to accommodate the officers and
soldiers and sailors of the Army and Navy of
the United States, and they are brought there
from all over this continent.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is true.
Mr. GRIMES. So that there is no analogy
' between that ease and this.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the Deaf and Dumb
Institution presents an analogous case, cer-
taiuly.
Mr. GRIMES. The Deaf and Dumb Insti-
tution presents rather an interesting subject for
contemplation. When I was a member of
the Committee on the District ot Columbia we
thought about nine thousand dollars a year was
a large appropriation for the Deaf and Dumb
Asylum. We enlarged it twice, I think, while
1 was a member of that committee, and built a
very valuable building ; but I see it is now pro-
posed to make an appropriation of $72,000.
It mav be all right; I do not pretend to know
anything about it; I only see that we are in-
creasing. with most extraordinary rapidity, the
appropriations for that institution.
Mr.' MO RR ILL. I do not wish to weary the
patience of the Senate. I simply desire to be
nr.Jerstood. Every time the Committee on
the District- of Columbia meet wo have an
application for these private acts of incorpora-
tion. Some enterprising gentlemen or some
half a dozen enterprising, charitable ladies
desirous to do good, wish to be associated for
that end ; we think it harmless and we do it;
but at the very next session of Congress they
come in and ask to be endowed. Inow, you
will find that at this very session there are
several such applications : I only allude to
them now to illustrate the argument; there
are one or two I shall bring up to-night. They
do not ask any endowment; but pass this ap-
propriation and all of them will come in here
for endowment. I will mention one that I am
not sure ought not to be endowed. There are
very highly respectable ladies, not only in this
District, but resident in many other sections
of the country, asking to be incorporated for
the purpose of erecting an asylum for the
orphans of soldiers and sailors. We have
reported a bill to incorporate them. They
do not ask any appropriation ; they ask to be
associated simply for the better facility of
transp.cting business; but is anybody so blind
as not to see that enter upon this policy and
you will be asked for 8200,000 to erect a build-
ing and endow it, and you cannot resist it ?
i do not wish to be put in the attitude of
opposing these appropriations as gratuities to
worthy objects and to worthy individuals. I
only want the Senate to understand the ques-
tion and to vote upon it understandingly, so that
hereafter when these institutions come before
the committee which I have the honor to be
upon we shall know what the policy of the
Senate is.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment proposed
by my friend from Ohio, perhaps, will not ac-
complish, in one rcspect, the object which he
has; I refer to that part of the amendment
which provides that the building is to be con- j
sidered as dedicated hereafter to the particu- 1
lar charity. I suggest to him that it would be j
as well to make the acceptance of the appro-
priation an agreement upon the part of the
corporation that that shall be a dedication of
it. I ask for the reading of the amendment.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Provided, Tliat no portion of said sum shall bo ex-
pended until till! plan of said building is submitted
to the arcbitcct of the Capitol extension and lie shall
certify thatit is well adapted tothe purposo contcm-
plated and that its cost will exceed $t>0,00U; and said
sum of :£;$0,000 shall only be paid in installments as
an c<iu;d amount derived from other sources shall be
expended on t'aid building; and the said buildnig is
hereby dedicated to the relief of sick and indigent
peisons, without distinction as to creed or color,
and shall remain under the care of the Sisters oi
Charity as incorporated under the act entitled An
act to incorporate Providence hospital m the city ot
Washington, District of Columbia," approved April
8, 1864.
Mr. JOHNSON. T move to strike out the
words, ''and the said building is hereby" and
to insert " and if the said hospital company
accept this appropriation it shall be held as
an agreement on their part that the building is
forever to bo considered and held so as to
read:
And said sum of S30.000 shall he paid in install-
mcnts as an e<iualainountdcrivodtromother sources
shall be expended on said buiding, and if the said
hospital company accept, this appropriation it sh^u
be held as an agreement on their part that the build-
ing is forcverto be considered and held dedicated to
the relief of sick and indigent persons, without dis-
tinction as to creed or color, &e,
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that. „ ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The amendment is accepted by
the mover.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I ask the Senator
from Ohio whether it ought not to be expressed
that the relief given by this hospital is to_ tran-
sient persons. I understand this hospital is
not for the benefit of persons living in the
city of Washington, but for persons coming
from various quarters.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would lioUimit them.
They may wish to extend the charity.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. It is intended for both
classes. . . ,
Mr. VAN WINKLE. My object is precisely
the reverse of what the Senator from Ohio sup-
poses. I thought it was calling on them tor
more than they had undertaken or were will-
ing to undertake.
Mr. SHERMAN. I showed the amendment
to the ladies and they were_ perfectly satisfied
with the condition of it. This does not change
the meaning: it simply makes it a condition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Do I understand that the
amendment is adopted and the appropriation
rejected? Is that the result of the vote?
■Mr. FESSENDEN. The question was on
concurring with the report of the committee,
which was to strike out the clause. The first
question, therefore, should be taken on that.
If the Senate refuse to concur, then the amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. The question was not
understood.
Mr. SHERMAN. I had a right to perfect
the clause before it was stricken out. I offered
in that view to amend the part proposed to be
stricken out. That has been adopted; and now
the question recurs on striking out the whole
clause as amended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is whether the whole clause, as amended,
shall be stricken out.
The motion to strike out was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer this amendment to
come in at the end of the sceond section of the
bill:
To pay bounties to tho loyal owners of slaves mus-
tered into the military service of the United States
according to tho act of Congress approved February
2-1,1864, $5,000,000.
Mr. SUMNER. I inquire whether that eomes
from any committee.
Mr. DAVIS. It does not.
Mr. SUMNER. I presume then it is not in
order.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it is in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I raise the question.
Mr. DAVIS. I will discuss that question.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the reading of
the rule.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, I will read the law.
Mr. SUMNER. The rule first, if the Sen-
of Ai* ill
Mr. DAVIS. The law first, the rule after-
ward. T suppose the Senator from Massachu-
setts will not deny that the rule allows any
appropriation to be moved as an amendment
that is in pursuance of law.
Mr. SCJMNER. I ask for the reading of
the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule
will be read.
The Secretary read the thirtieth rule, as
follows:
"30. ISfo amendment proposing additional appro-
priations shall be received to any general appropria-
tion bill unless it bo made to carry oat the. provisions
of some existing law or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that session or
moved by direction of a standing or select committee
of the Senate, or in pursuance of Ian estimate trora
the head of some of the Departments; and no amend-
ments shall be received whose object is to provide tor
a private claim, unless it be to carry out the provis-
ions of an existing law or treaty stipulation.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, I will read the law. The
twenty-fourth section of the act of February
24, 18G4, provides:
" Seo. 24. And be it further enacted, That all able-
bodied male colored persons between the agesi ox
twenty and forty-five years, resident m the United
States, shall be enrolled according to the provisions
of this act and of the, act to which this is an amend-
ment, and form part of the national forces; and when
a slave of a loyal master shall be drafted and mus-
tered into the service of tho United States, ms mas-
ter shall have a certificate thereof, and thereupon
such slave shall be free; and the bounties of f100
now payable by law for cach drafted man shall be
paid to the person to whom such drafted person was
owing service or labor at the time of his muster into
the service of the United States. The Secretary oi
War shall appoint a commission m each ot the slave
States represented in Congress, charged to awaidto
each loyal person to whom a_ colored volunteer may
owe service a just compensation, not e*ceeding '
for each puch colored volunteer, payable
fund derived from commutations; and every sucii
colored volunteer on being mustered mtc the servico
shall bo free."
It is provided by this law that these boun-
ties shall be paid out of a particular und; but
by the operation of the laws regulating the
Treasury that fund has fallen into tlie Ireasury
and is now a general fund belonging to the
United States. A special appropriation, then,
