2044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
hence have a war, it would be better and more
cheaply provided for and maintained by issu-
ing a proclamation to the freemen of this eoun-
try to come forth and fight the battles in the
interest of freedom and good government than
by keeping up a standing army in anticipation
of such an event. Hence I do not believe in
the policy of providing a large standing army,
and keeping it up for ten, twenty, or thirty
years, for the purpose of being prepared for
war. ' I want no great horde of officers to eat
out our substance. And whatever may be the
purpose and object of the bill before us, its
effect, I fear, will be to create a large number
of officers and to make an inefficient army.
To that I am opposed.
I am willing at all times to give employment
to the volunteer officers who have been serv-
ing their country during the late war, whether
they happened to be wounded or not, by giv-
ing the preference to them in the selections for
the public service. I am willing that they shall
be employed almost exclusively in doing gar-
rison and other light duties, which are the only
duties required to be performed in time of
peace. These are my general views, and I
shall vote to reduce the Army to thirty thou-
sand, or at most, forty thousand men.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. Will the gentleman
allow me to inquire of him if he would have ]
those thirty or forty thousand men organized j
in regiments of a thousand men each, or would
he have twice that number of regiments?
Mr. I-IARDING, of Illinois. I would have
only thirty or forty full regiments if it was not
incongruous with the bill. But I voted for the
amendment of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Van Aerxam] with the hope that the rest
of the bill would be made to conform to it.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. Would not the gen-
tleman from Illinois deem it advisable to per-
fect the bill in the best possible manner, and
in the end recommit it, if necessary, to do what
the chairman of the Military Committee [Mr.
Sojiexck] yesterday eallcd l:to lick it into
shape?'1
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. There is no
trouble in reducing this bill to the shape the
gentleman indicates. But! obtained the floor
on the condition that I opposed the gentleman's |
amendment, and therefore I speak as if advo-
cating the bill in its present shape.
The SPEAKER. The Chair inquired if the
gentleman intended to oppose the amendment
merely for the purpose of equalizing the debate.
The gentleman can speak for or against the
bill, as he pleases, having obtained the floor.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has referred to the
generals of our armies as the authority for de-
termining the number of troops required in time
of peace. Now, we must all remember that
there is some human nature in all of us. It is
quite natural for the men who command the
armies of the United States to desire that our
Army shall make a decent show in the world ;
that it should at least dignify the offices they hold
in connection with it. And I think myself that
the policy of this bill is to make alwilliant army,
one that will accord with the characters and
brilliancy of the generals in command of it.
If we had a different form of government
I might "go in," as the saying is. for an army
of half a million men, one able to make a
show before the mouarchs of the world, one
able to control by force the people of this coun-
try who now claim the right of self-govern-
ment. But under our form of government we
depend upon n virtuous and intelligent peo-
ple, devoted to a support of the Government
which pleasf s them in every respect, and which
makes their yoke easy, and their burden light.
Take a way that resource for the protection of
liberty and a free Government and you will find
no protection in a standingarmy. It is schooled
in the school of the tyrant and the monarch,
and if it does not ultimately become alien to
liberty and democracy, it will prove very dif-
forcm in this country from what it has ever
proved elsewhere.
I will ask my friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Paine] if a regiment, according to its ratio of
the cost of an army will not cost the Govern-
ment about a million dollars a year.
"Mr. PAINE. I am not able to state the
exact amount a regiment will cost the Govern-
ment.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I think that is
about the cost of a regiment, taking in consid-
eration all the pay and expenses of the officers.
And more than half that expense will be in-
curred whether there are any privates in the
regiment or not. The pay of the officers, the
very machinery necessary to keep up the organ-
ization of the regiment, will cost the Govern-
ment more than half that sum. Now, why
should the people of this Government be taxed
$80,000,000 a yea? for this Army? For whose
benefit and for what purpose? Is it to keep
down the people of Illinois? We require no
such repression in that State. Is it to keep
down the people anywhere in this broad coun-
try? No, sir; a virtuous public opinion is all
that is required for that purpose. If you will
give me one division of cavalry and one divis-
ion of monnted infantry I will undertake that
Grant will do the job of preserving quiet all
over the Union
Mr. PAINE. I have but a single word to
say in reference to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Vast Aernam.]
I have the highest respect for his opinion con-
cerning this bill generally, and I am unwill-
ing to express an opinion differing from his
unless absolutely compelled to do so by my
own convictions. But my observation has been
that the old rule which prevailed in the regu-
lar Army when the war broke out, and which
has prevailed ever since, whereby regimental
quartermasters and adjutants always received
ten dollars a month additional compensation
for their increased responsibilities, was a rule
founded in justice. I believe it is not true, as
the gentleman seems to suppose, that these
officers, the regimental quartermasters and
adjutants, have light duties to perform com-
pared with those that devolve upon the lieuten-
ants of companies. On the contrary, my ob-
servation in the Army satisfied me that no
officer in the Army was more severely worked
than these regimental adjutants and quarter-
masters when they did their duty. I am not
unaware that that duty is sometimes left un-
performed, but I undertake to say that thepost
of a regimental adjutant or quartermaster, who
is faithful to his duty, is no sinecure. The
duty which devolves upon him ia very much
greater, and the responsibilities of his position
are very much graver, than those which devolve
upon the lieutenant of a company; for when
the march was ended and the lieutenant of a
company could lie down to rest, then the work
of the regimental adjutant or the regimental
quartermaster began ; and it oftentimes lasted
until morning came, and the column was ready
to march again.
Now, sir, knowing that the labor and the
responsibilities of these men are so much
greater than those of the lieutenants, I am
disposed to continue this provision—a provis-
ion which existed before the war, and has con-
tinued during the war—in this new Army bill.
I am therefore opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman.
Mr. SCHENCK. I hope the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from New York
will not prevail. I do not desire to add any-
thing to the reasons which have been given,
drawn not only from practice, but from pro-
priety, by the gentleman from Wisconsin who
lias just taken his seat; but as the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harding] has referred, as
others have done in the course of this debate,
to the immense cost of an army, and have
overstated it exceedingly under a misappre-
hension, in consequence of not looking very
closely into the figures, I desire to make a
statement to the House.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs for infor-
mation.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will endeavor to give
it to the gentleman. I have here the calcu-
lation of the pay proper and allowances for
clothing and rations of a regiment of infantry,
and the pay proper and allowances of its offi-
cer's, and I find that when you add the pay
and allowances of officers and enlisted men
together it amounts to $128,372 10 a year. In
this is not included the allowance for forage
or fuel, which are drawn in kind. Of course
the forage does not amount to much in the
infantry, and while fuel is allowed at posts and
in cities the amount is not a largo one, except
in the case of detailed officers on duty in cities
like Washington.
Let me make the general remark that in
speaking of regiments, I refer to regiments
composed of fifty-five privates, artificers, and
officers, the minimum organization provided
for here, and not of a regiment expanded to its
full number of one hundred. The additional
cost in that case would be something like
seventy thousand dollars in time of war, the
number of officers being the same.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Does that
calculation include clothing?
Mr. SCHENCK. It includes clothing, ra-
tions, and everything.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Does it include
arms? >
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir. If the gentle-
man were a little patient, which no gentleman
here seems to be, I was going to advance to
that point. This is a specific estimate ; a spe-
cific account of what is necessary to support
one of these organizations.
But then an army implies bureaus, and offi-
cers detailed for duty there, commutation of
quarters, artillery, horses for cavalry, and num-
berless other expenses in the various depart-
ments, quartermaster's, commissary's. &e.,
which must also all be estimated for in pro-
viding for keeping up a military establishment.
Now, we happen to know what will be< the
aggregate annual cost of just such an army as
is here proposed. It will be in round numbers
$33,000,000, (I can give the exact figures, if
any gentleman desires them,) without any of
the reductions from the bureaus and elsewhere
provided for in this bill. There are seventy-
two regiments provided for, including artillery,
cavalry, and infantry ; and the expense of the
whole seventy-two regiments, with all the
artillery and all the cavalry, and all the exten-
sive bureaus, and all the munitions of war,
including powder, lead, and all else that may
be required to put an army in fighting order or
to keep it in time of peace in a condition ready
for fighting, is but $33,000,000. How, then,
is it possible that each regiment, and particu-
larly each one of the infantry regiments (not
half so expensive as cavalry regiments) shall
cost half a million dollars per annum ?
The amendment was not agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. 9. And he it further enacted. That each regi-
ment in the service of the United States may have a
band, (as now provided by law,) and Ui^ro shall be
one ordnance sergeant and one hospital steward for
each military post, and the same number of v'y-i chap-
lains as now provided by law; and the President of
the United States is hereby authorized to appoint for
each national cemetery now established, or that may
be established, a superintendent, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of an ordnance sergeant, to be se-
lected from among those who were non-commi-sioned
officers of volunteers in the Army of the United States
in the late war, and who have served faithfully and
been disabled while in the line of their duty.
Mr. PAINE. I move to amend by striking
out, after the word " that " in the first lino, the
words "each regiment in the service of the Uni-
ted States may have a band, as now provided
by law," and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
Twenty bands, and no more, may be retained or
enlisted in the Army, with such organization as is now
provided by law, to be assigned to brigades in time
of war, and in time of peace to assembled brigades or
to forts or posts at which the largest number of troops
shall be stationed.
Mr. SCHE N CK. I am inclined to agree with
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe]
that such an amendment as this ought to be
made. The provision during the war was for
brigade bands for volunteers, the regular Army
