fHI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20.
is n'ecessary to direct the officers of the Treas-
ury to pay this money. I therefore offer the
amendment and will suspend my remarks to
enable the Chair to decide whether it is in or-
der or not.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Kentucky
by substituting for it the following:
That so much of any moneys in the Treasury known
as tile commntationlund as may be necessary, be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated for the payment to
loyal persons claiming service or labor from colored
volunteers or drafted men tlie amounts heretofore or
hereai'ter to be awarded them under the provisions
of section twenty-four of the aet entitled "An act to
amend an aet entitled 'An act for enrolling and call-
in;r out the nation altorees, and for other purposes,*"
apt-roved February 24, IH'.U, for each person so claimed
to be held to service or labor who has enUsted or been
d ratted iiif-i the military service of the Cnited States.
Bur <n'-h payment shall in no case be made to any
person except upon satisfactory proof that the claim-
ant has lirmiy and faithfully maintained his or her
adherence and allegiance to the Government of the
United States bydetendins it= causea^ain-t the Gov-
ernment and forces ofthe so-called confederate States
of America in all suitable and practicable ways and
accordms to his or her ability or opportunity.
Mr. DAVIS. But for the tail of that amend-
ment I should have no objection to it. If the
honorable Senator will just strike out two or
three lines I shall have no objection: bat it
si'i'iiM to me it is, as it stands, imposing con-
ditions that did not exist by the law and were
not imposed by the law as it pas=ed. That
law simply provided that every loyal owner of
slaves enlisted into the Army should receive
the bounty. I think the honorable Senator
might adopt the language of the original law.
If he does so I have no objection to accepting
his amendments as a substitute for my own
proposition.
Mr. WILSON. This ease is a very singular
one. and yet one that I suppose must be met
and honestly dealt with. We passed an act
in i*'.i4 which provided that slaves enlisting
into the service of the United States should be,
when mustered into that service, free by the
act of the Federal Government, and that the
owners or claimants to the services of such per-
sons should receive a sum not exceeding 8300.
That sum was to be fixed in each State by com-
missioners appointed for that purpose. The
provision was originally put in the bill in the
House of Representatives as an amendment to
the Senate bill. The provision as originally pre-
pared was that colored persons, free or slave,
should be enrolled and inisht be drafted, being
liable to military duty; that when they were
drafted the owner of each slave should receive
the boemtyof SlQOon making this person free.
It also provided that if a colored man who was
held as a slave should enlist into the service of
the United States his master should receive
the sum of S300 when he made him free. That
was the action of the House of Representa-
tives. The bill went to ;  committee of con-
ference. I was upon that committee on the
part of the Senate, and it struck me that it
would be a dishonor to our country to have a
slave in the- service of the United States. We
all wanted colored men to fight for the country,
but we did not want them to be slaves with the
uniform upon them and fighting under the flag
of the United States; and in that committee
of conference I moved that, the, slave, on being
mustered into the service of the United States,
should be free, be free by the fiat of the Fed-
eral Government, and that left the law in this
form: that instead of the slave who was drafted
or the slave who enlisted becoming free at the
will of the master, he became free by the law,
by the will of the nation, and the master was
allowed S100 if the slave was drafted and a
sum not exceeding $300 if he enlisted into the
service, and the amount in the latter case was
to ho fixed by a commission appointed by the
Secretary of War. That is the history of this
law of the 24th of February, 1W4. We wanted
these colored men, free and slave, to enlist
imo our armies. roatp/ment our military forces
to put down the rebellion, and we wanted also
to demoralize and break no and destroy slavery
in the border S'aie:. "lind v,-a; the motive
of the action of Congrr-'--.. It was 'lie motive
that governed me in the matter. I wanted to
strengthen the Army; I wanted to weaken and
destroy slavery; and tinder the provisions of
that act, in the State of Kentucky alone, about
twenty-four or twenty-five thousand men en-
tered the service of the United States as volun-
teers, perhaps twenty thousand of them were
slaves, and the moment they were mustered
into the service they became forever free ; and
this was followed by a bill that freed nearly
one hundred thousand of their wives and their
children. We abolished slavery since that day.
When we passed this act we thought it was
an act to strengthen the Army and an act to
weaken slavery that was the enemy of the
country. We provided that a sum not exceed-
ing $300, to be fixed by a commission, should
be paid to the persons claimingthe services of
these slaves. We have abolished slavery since,
and I do not believe any commission could
award or ought to award to any of the persons
who claimed to hold the service and labor of
these enlisted men the sum of S3u0, for less
than two years from the time they entered the
service of the United States the constitutional
amendment was adopted, and they would have
been freed by the adoption of that amendment.
Now, sir. I do not think that this provision,
that the claimants of these persons should be
loyal persons, should have been actively loyal,
should have been against the confederate gov-
ernment, is an unreasonable one. We all
know that many slave-owners were disloyal;
and the greater portion of the claimants to
these slaves in the States of Maryland, Ken-
tucky. Delaware. West Virginia, and Missouri,
were disloyal. We in thisl)istriet had a sam-
ple of this matter. We provided in this Dis-
trict for the payment of SdO1,1 for the emanci-
pated slaves, and I do not know a single owner
of a slave in the District, who was not loyal
when the Government would pay 8300 for his
slave : and they made their claims: and on
examining that record we shall come to the
conclusion that many of the slaveholders in
the District of Columbia, who never drew a
loyal breath in their lives, did not before the
war nor since the war, and do not now, took
the money of the United States, and professed
to be loyal persons.
I think the provision in this amendment is
reasonable, and if the amendment is adopted,
I think it should go with it. Nothing can be
paid under this amendment until the Secretary
of War has appointed the commissioners who
are to examine these cases and report on them,
and I do notthink any commission would report
an average of S300 for these persons, consid-
ering that slavery has been abolished by the
Constitution of the United States.
But. sir, we intended to pay when we passed
the act; I am sure I did. I wanted the men,
and I equally wanted to destroy the institution
of slavery, especially in the State of Kentucky,
where slavery was strong and defiant. I wanted
to demoralize it, to break it down, to destroy
it; and no act of this Government ever did so
much to demoralize and to destroy slavery,
except the constitutional amendment, as the
passage of this section of this bill on the 24th
i day of February, 1864. and that other act
i making the wives and children of these per-
| sons free. I say that when the act was passed
| I expected to vote for proper compensation,
i such compensation as should be reported by
j hone-t and fair-minded commissioners who
| should examine the subject and report upon
| it, and the fact that we have abolished slavery
I since by constitutional amendment, I do not
| think releases me from paying (not so much
i as I expected then) the really loyal claimants
] some consideration for declaring that their
i slaves when they entered the service of the
United States should forever more be freemen.
Mr. CRESWKLL. I prefer the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts to
i the original proposition as presented by the
. Senator from Kentucky. The amendment as
. suggested to the amendment does nothing in
my judgment b«t define the meaning of the
. word '"loyalty," whieh T think ii is competent
for Congress to do. _ A wide latitude of inter-
pretation has prevailed of late, and it is well
enough, I think, for us to give that word a more
specific operation and bearing than has gen-
erally been conceded to it. if the Senator
from Kentucky will examine the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Massachusetts
he will find it more comprehensive than his
own amendment. The twenty-fourth seciion
of the act of 1804, approved February 24. pro-
vides specifically that the commutation fund
shall be dedicated to the compensation of loyal
slave-owners whose slaves shall be mustered
or drafted into the service of the United States.
Now, while the proposition of the Senator from
Kentucky takes §5,000,000 from the Treasury
for that purpose, the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts goes against the spe-
cific fund that is by this law expressly appro-
priated for the payment of these claims. In
my judgment nothing would be necc==aryto
accomplish the purpose which is sough! bv this
proposition if it were not that a technical diffi-
culty lias presented itself. It has been asserted
by some that the commutation fund is now in
the Treasury of the United States, and that
some specific act of appropriation is necessary
to withdraw that fund from the Treasury so
that these parties can reach it. There can be
no objection urged against the payment of this
money, more than was urged against the pay-
ment of money in the shape of compensation
when emancipation wns effected in the District
of Columbia. If the payment of that money
had been delayed until after the adoption of
the amendment of the Constitution declaring
universal emancipation, it would seem to me
that we could not stand here as honest men
and claim that we had faithfully performed our
contract, if we refused to pay, the people Ik re
having complied with the necessary conditions.
In Maryland this proposition was presented to
the people as one which came from the loyal
men in Congress with a view, as the Senator
from Massachusetts has already suggested, as
well to induce the enlistment of the colored
people, and to bring to the assistance of the
Army then in the field the entire array of the
colored men in the State of Maryland, as also
to strike a blow at the institution of slavery :
and I frankly avow that my course in the House
of Representatives at that, time was directed
so as to accomplish both these objects. I be-
lieve that this twenty-fourth seciion—and my
practical experience leads me to the belie:'—
was in fact the forerunner of the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery everywhere ;
that above all other measures, it prepared the
minds of the people of the State of Maryland
for the coming change; and reconciled them .
to and in some measure compensated them for
the losses incident to the transition from slave
labor to free labor.
Mr. President, if this were a new proposi-
tion, I am frank to say I should much hesitate
about voting for it, yet believing that the faith
of this Government has been pledged and de-
liberately pledged for the payment of this
money as much as for any other, I cannot
feel it consistent with my sense of dntv and
my obligations as a Senator of the United
States, to refuse to pay these people their
money, when they have complied with every
condition that was made precedent to their
right to receive it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Do I understand the
gentleman to insist that that law mak"s a con-
tract between Congress and the slaveholders?
If I understand the terras of the law these
negroes were drafted.
Mr. CHESWELL. No, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They were taken by the
power of the United States.
Mr. CRESWELL. The gentleman is mis-
taken. Tlie negroes volunteered, and many
of thc-m were placed in the Army by their
masters themselves, expecting t j receive com-
pensation under this clanse. Some gentlemen
seem to entertain the idea that evi-ry slave-
holder is a barbarian, but that i& altogether ft
mistaken notion. Although I was never a slave-
