■m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PeeeiiuxT li,
Mr. ELKRIDGE. And this bill is intended
td cover that?'
Mr. WENTWORTH. Yes, sir; it covers
the whole ground.
Mr. MORRILL. I think it proper to state
that whatever law we might pass upon this sub-
ject can have no effect upon the importation of
.cattle from Canada, until March 10,3,860, when
the reciprocity treaty will be terminated.
■ Mr. WENTWORTH.^ Very well; if the
law does not have that effect, it will do • no
harm. The last news from the old country is
very alarming, and if we ■want to do anything,
it must be done at once.
Mr. GONKLIN G. I understand that trea-
ties while tliey subsist rank, in their binding
obligation, the laws of Congress. There is a
treaty which covers this subject, and in addition
to the suggestion of the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] I want to inquire of my
friend from Illinois [Sir. Wentwortii] whether
it is worth while to pass a sweeping bill in the
very teeth of the reciprocit}' treaty, when a
simple proviso would save the impropriety in
appearance and in fact ?
• Mr. WENTWORTH. In reply to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Coxklko,] I
will say that this bill, if enacted, will be enforced
under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, who is doubtless familiar with all our
treaty obligations, and will respect them in car-
rying out the law. What I desire is, that we
shall do all we can to stop the spread of the
cattle disease into this country.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois whether he had not
better allow the bill to be referred, so that it
may be so amended as to provide for keeping
out of the country the cholera as well as the
Mr. WENTWORTH. I insist upon my call
for flie previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER, ETC.
Mr. HOG AN submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Iteaolvcd, That the Committee on Commerce, when
appointed, be, and -they are hereby, instructed to in-
quire into the expediency of providing for tiio im-
provement of those great interior arteries of trade,
the Mississippi river and its upper tributaries, by the
removal of obstructions to tlieir successful naviga-
tion, so as to facilitate the transit of the valuable pro-
ductions of its valley to the markets of the world, and
report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
ENFORCEMENT OF TIIE .MONROE DOCTKTNE.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, submitted the
following preamble and resolution, on which
he demanded the previous question :
Whereas the rights of foreign Powers to territorial
possessions on this continent eea«ed with those of dis-
covery: that the successful establishment of this Re-
public over so largo a portion of the continent de-
termined the form of government best adapted to the
people inhabiting it; that it is the duty of neighbor-
ing States to assist each other in guarding rights and
interests common to all; that conquest and subjuga-
tion cannot be recognized as a security for mere pe-
cuniary grievances by American States; and that the
forcible seizure of Mexico by foreign troops, the seat-
ing of a foreign emperor 011 a throne erected on the
rums of that republic, and his retention by foreign
bayonets, is in violation of all these, ami cannot be
permitted by the United States without failing in tho
highest duties of a powerful State: Therefore,
Jtewlved. that the Committee on Foreign Relations
bo instructed to inquire into arid reportwhat meas-
ures1 and means may bo necessary, 011 tho part of the
United States, to restore to the Mexican people the
tree and unrestricted right to choose their own form
of government, and of giving effect to tho unanimous
voice of tho people of this nation, that, no foreign
Power shall imposo despotic government upon any
State or people of this continent.
. Mr. SIEVENS. Sir- Speaker 
Tlio SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri "[Mr. Van Horn] demands the previous
question on the resolution. If it gives rise to
debate it must go over under the rules.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to withdraw his call for one moment
till I can make a suggestion.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I yield to
the gentleman for a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. It seems to me that if we
adopt this resolution in its present form, we
affirm all the principles embodied in the pre-
amble. If it were merely a resolution of in-
quiry, it would be a very different thing. I
beg to suggest to the gentleman from Missouri
that he had better let the resolution go over for
the present, so that we may have an opportu-
nity to consider it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The reso-
lution having given rise to discussion, I sup-
pose, Mr. Speaker, it has gone over already.
Tho SPEAKER. It has not gone over, tho
gentleman from Missouri not having surren-
dered the floor.
Mr. .STEVENS. By his permission, I took
the floor from him.
The SPEAKER. If any gentleman objects,
the Chair will arrest discussion, and the reso-
lution will go over.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not want to object.,
but I think the gentleman had better let the
resolution go over.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will not
the vote on the preamble be taken separately?
The SPEAKER, It will. The previous
question will exhaust itself upon the resolu-
tion. The preamble will then come up on a
separate vote.
The jircvious question was not seconded;
there being, on a division—ayes 34, noes 83.
Mr. GONKLING rose to debate the resolu-
tion, and it went over under the rules.
NEGRO SCITEAGE.
Mr. NOELL submitted the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question on
its adoption;
Resolved, That the House of Representatives will
not exclude tho members of Congress clcctcd in any
of the States recently in rebellion because of the fact
that the negroes, as a. class, were excluded from voting
at the election of said members.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I hope
that tho call for the previous question will not
be seconded. *
Mr. JENCKES. I hope that the resolution
will be laid upon the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
29, noes 127.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, proposing
to debate the resolution, it accordingly went
over under the rules.
Mr. DUMONT. I rise to a point of order.
I make tho point that the resolution is not in
order as it conflicts with the resolution passed
by the House for the appointment of a joint
committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order for two reasons : in the first place
it was not made in time; and in the second
place the Senate have not yet concurred in the
resolution, and therefore the committee has not
been raised. By its terms the resolution re-
quires the concurrence of both Houses.
MICHIGAN COKTBSTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. BEAMAN submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded tho previous
question:
Resolved, That Augustus C. Baldwin, claimant for
tho seat held by l!on. R. E. Tnowunmon, fiom the ;
fifth congressional district of Michigan, be entitled
to the privilege of the floor pending the decision of
his claim.
Mr. JOHNSON. I believe it is customary
to add that he be permitted to speak to the
question when it comes before the House.
Mr. BEAMAN. I suppose that will follow,
but I have 110 objection to modify my resolu-
tion as suggested.
The _previous question was seconded, and
the mam question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the resolution, as modified, was
adopted.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to rcconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JTJROK3 IN TJIil BISTKICT.
Mr. WILSON introduced a bill to amend an
act entitled "An act providing for the selec-
tion of jurors to servo in the several courts
of the District of Columbia;'' which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. WILSON. I merely wish to say, for the
information of the House, that no court can
be held in this District until this bill becomes -
a law. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon tho
talde.
The laRer motion was agreed to.
soldiers' orphans' home or iowa.
Mr. PRICE introduced a joint resolution that
the buildings, sheds, furniture, and other prop-
erty now at Camp Kinsman, near Davenport,
Scott county, Iowa, be donated to the Soldiers'
Orphans' Home of Iowa; which was read a
first and sccond time.
Mr. PRICE demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accoidingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
NON-EESIDENT TVESTEI1N LANDHOLDERS.
Mr. KASSON submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands in-
quire and report upon tho expediency or releasing on
tho part of the United Ktates so much 0: rhe articles
of tho fundamental compact with tho new states,
respectively, as restricts their right ot'diseiiimnaliiig
in respect to the taxation of lands oi non-re.-ident
proprietors, andso enable the States to confoim their
pol icy in respeet to unimproved lands held for specu-
lation to the principle adopted by Congress in tho
measure known a^ the "homestead act.''
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. Speaker, that is a most
important resolution, affecting seriously, as it
does, private interests all over the country,
and demands the most careful consideration
that injustice be not done. We ought to frown
upon any hurried legislation on the subject.
Mr. KASSON. It is_ only a resolution of
inquiry.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidcted ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AliXLNU ON Till: Pi";T,IC LAM)?.
Mr. KASSON introduced a resolution in-
structing certain committees to repoit to the
House a bill regulating mining on the public
lands of the United Stales.
Pending the reading—
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, inquired
whether the morning hour had expired.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
call for the regular order of business.
PRTV nVKfrES ou THE FT,OOI!.
The SPEAKER announced, as the fir.'tbusi-
ncss in order, the motion of Mr. Niiu.ack, laid
over from last Monday, to suspend the rules
