1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
phrase peculiar to prize courts, and depends
upon principles of public policy as distinguished
from liie common law. Whether property be
liable U> capture as ''enemies' property"' does
noi in any manner depend upon the personal
allegiance of the citizen. It is of no conse-
quence whether it belongs to an ally or a cit-
izen.
Thousands of northern men who were doing
their utmost to suppress rebellion, and many of
whom were in the ranks of the Army, were the
owners of property in the southern Slates, and
when our armies were marching to the Gulf, all
this property, if capable of contributing to the
support of the enemy or to the aid of our own
armies, was liable to seizure as ''enemies'
property;" and in respect to that property its
owners, though loyal men, wore technically
"public enemies." The Prize Cases decided
only that all property, whether belonging to a
citizen of the United States, to a neutral resid-
ing in or out of the lines ot the rebellion, or to a
rebel, was liable, with the vessel bearing it. to
seizure as "enemies' property" if taken in at-
tempting to enter a blockaded rebel port. No
court of competent jurisdiction has ever decided,
and no court of common sense, will ever decide,
that the property of a loyal eiiizon in a late rebel
Sta.o ii liable to confiscation in peace as the
property of an enemy.
Not a single authority has "been cited which
is applicable to the relations of an American
citizen to his peculiar Government.
Vartel says:
" A civil war breaks the bands of society and gov-
ernment, or at least suspends their force and effect;
it pioduces in the nation two independent parties,
who consider each other iis enemies, and acknowl-
edge no common judge. These two parties mu^t ne-
cessarily be considered as constituting, at least for a
time, two distinct societies."
Yattel and Philliraore, Ilalleck, and all em-
inent publicists assign the true reason for this
rule, which is to modify the atrocities and cruel-
ties of war as between armies in the held, and
to place captured persons upon the footing of
prisoners of war instead of hanging them as
rebels. The rule in nowise affects the obliga-
tion of the sovereign to his loyal subject:
"By the express authorityof international lawde-
finin'-* the duties of the M,\ereiffn towaid his loyal
su'ijeet, the f'ouner is hound to restoie all property
and effects whieh the enemy may have taken from
his subject, it the sovereign shall reayquire< it from
the enemy."—Vatteloa the Rights of Postliminium,
chap. 11.
Instead, therefore, of the barbarous doctrine
asserted by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
the Government, in lieu of acquiring the right
of confiscating the properly of loyal men in the
southern States, is bound to restore to them all
their effects of which the enemy mav have de-
prived them, and which may have been taken
from the enemy by our arms or by the ending
of the rebellion.
As I staled, Mr. Speaker, the error into which
gentlemen have fallen has arisen from their
failure to distinguish between the term '• ene-
mies'' as recognized by the common law, and
"public enemies" as accepted by international
law regulating captured property or the right
of capture.
In this rebellion those only were enemies to
the Government in the eye of the law, applica-
ble to our condition, who were in arms against
it or giving aid, assistance, and comfort to the
confederate authority, They only were rebels,
in the eve of the law, who of their own volition,
or without compulsion, leagued together for the
destruction of the Republic.
No reason, no logic, no law can sanction
any otlmr conclusion, or permit prejudice, vin-
dictivencss, or malignity to say that any man
living within the limits of the rebellion, who
refused to participate, in its iniquity or be false
to the lawful Government of the United States,
even though il failed to protect him, has either
lost his citizenship or become a rebel or a trai-
tor by the secession of his State.
It is a new doctiine; it is a false doctrine.
It is seeesti on clothed in the habiliments of pa-
triotism. It is a theory in utter antagonism
with every act and every purpose of the Amer-
ican people in the suppression of rebellion. It
is in conflict with the policy of the Government,
as announced from the commencement of the
war to its close, and even to the present hour.
It is an insult to the judgmentof the American
people. It is a libel upon the Constitution.
Tennessee secedcd in 1861 ; but Andrew
Johnson, of Tennessee, a citizen of Nashville,
the rebel capital of the State, was still a Sen-
ator from that State in Congress, and made
the Senate Chamber resonant with his eloquent
denunciation of treason and secession.
From 18fil to 18G3, Tennessee was repre-
sented on this floor as a State of the Union.
Her citizens, as Representatives, took part in
the measures enacted to suppress rebellion and
keep Tennessee, as you claimed her to be, in
the Union and a State, not as a Territory.
In 1804 the Republican party at Baltimore
nominated to the high oilice of \ ice. President
Andrew Johnson, of the State of Tennessee.
Elected as Vice President, Mr. Johnson suc-
ceeded to the Presidency by the lamentable
murder of the true and honest patriot, whose
name and memoiy, honored and beloved by
the pure of every land, will survive when those
who maligned him as an usurper, traduced
him as a tyrant, and to-day are ready to pay
equal honor to his successor, shall have per-
ished from the recollection of mankind. And
yet, if 'Tennessee was out of the Union as a
State in rebellion, or as a Territory in rebel-
lion. then he ha*, since its secession been and
still is an alien enemy, and at least during the
war, as a piaintilf in any court of a loyal State
prosecuting a personal claim against a loyal cit-
izen of such State, would have been driven out
of court by a plea in bar of ''alien enemy" to
a Government of which ho was the Executive
Chief.
The State of Tennessee, sent thirty thousand
men into your ranks to uphold the cause of the
Union, and on every baltle-field from Nashville
to Atlanta, they at te.-ted their fidelity as citizens
by their valor and their blood. To-day, you
spurn their loyalty, you deny them citizenship,
you refuse them representation, you pronounce
them aliens, and Tennessee is but a Territory
of the Republic, whose citizens enjoy only the
privilege of being taxed and the " right of being i
hung.:'
If Tennessee be but a Territory, each seced-
ing State is reduced to the same condition, and
all is common territory from which not only State
lines but State jurisdictions are obliterated, and
from which Congress may erect new States, with
such geographical limits as may be agreeable
to its sovereign pleasure. It may hold the vast
area under its absolute control, until with two
Senaiors it shall knock for admission as a single
State. The star of the Old Dominion may be
stricken from your flae, and Virginia. Carolina,
and Georgia, be known to history only in the rec-
ord of their ancient glories and their recent
crime. The iron fingers of a political despot-
ism may spread the pall of eternal night over
historic names, and Srmes which were, of the old
Thirteen and gave birth to the nation, may dis-
appear forever. The power of Congress over
the Territories of the United States is unlim-
ited. The language of the Constitution, article
four, section three, is explicit:
"Concrc^ shall have power to dispose of animate
all needtul rides and i emulations respecting the ter-
ritory or otiier property belonging to the United
States."
What is the power to dispose of? Wo all
understand it as a power to do what one pleases,
with the subject or object over which the power
is given.
Webster defines the very term "to dispose
of'' as follows: 1o part with; to alienate; to
part with to another: to put in another's hand
! a power; to restore; to give away; to transfer
! by authority: to use or employ; to put away.
| Worcester defines if: to bestow: to giveaway;
; to arrange for; to place in some condition ; to
put out of one's possession ; to put out of the
; way: to get i id of.
j Is it not clear that the "dead carcasses" of
! these departed State.,3, may under this power be
disposed of in some other way than by sending
j them to a committee of anatofnical surgeons for
' dissection or reconstruction.'
There is, then, standing oh the forefront of
this territorial theory the bold assertion of a
power to disintegrate and destroy the Union of
these States, the vital object of which was per-
petuity. The whole theory and its consequences
are expressed in one clear, distinct, atid fatal
formula. The Constitution exists to preserve
and perpetuate the Union of the States. It is
the bounden duty of the Government to coerce
any State attempting t  secede from the Union,
and to employ the whole power of the Govern-
ment to subdue armed resistance, to prevesit
"disunion. But when all resistance has been
suppressed and secession prevented, then Con-
gress may treat the rebellious State as a Ter-
ritory; alienate it by virtue of constitutional
authority to any foreign Power, and thus ac-
complish the very dissolution which it is its
highest constitutional duty to prevent.
We may not anticipate the future; we cannot
tell who shall come after ns in other days to
administer for our descendants the powers of?
this Government on the precedents we estab-
lish now.
We are dealing with great principles, we are
deciding great questions, we are establishing
permanent precedents; and for one I will not,
while I hold a seat upon this floor, consent, for
the purpose of eradicating a present though
temporary evil, to the establishment ofa prece-
dent which may be a dagger in the bosom of
posterity. I willgjiot accept any theory which
shall concede the right of the Federal Govern-
ment to erect a despotism upon the ruins of
the States. I will pour no poison into the
sacred fountain of republican liberty.
1 maintain, moreover, that this territorial
theory is pressed at this time with a view to
the exercise of the power of amending the Con-
stitution in important particulars affecting not
only the rights of States here represented, but
also the lights of all loyal and true citizens
of the States recently in rebellion, while they
have no voice and no representation in Conj
gress.
I do not question the motives of those who
present these measures. They certainly act
from convictions of duty; but I nevertheless
believe that thependingamendment isnot only
in its cffect, if adopted, to centralize power in
the Federal Government, but that that power is
intended to be exercised in the establishment
of perfect political equality between the colored
and the white race of the South.
The rebellion has, as one of its results, eman-
cipated four million slaves, and lifted the chain
from their posterity forever. They are free,
and their freedom is guarantied by the strong
arm of the Federal Government. An amend-
ment of the Constitution duly submitted to and
adopted by three fourths of ail the States, gives
to Congress full power to enact all laws which
shall be essential to their protection. They
must be made equal before the law, and be
permitted to enjoy life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness. I am pledged to my own
conscience to favor every measure of legisla-
tion which shall be found essential to the pro-
tection of their just rights, and shall mo&t cheer-
fully aid in any plan for their education and
elevation which may reasonably be adopted.
Already within the last four years have we
done more for the slave than has before been
accomplished since European cupidity con-
signed him to bondage. We have given him
his freedom, his wife, his children, and his un-
questionable title to his own acquisitions.
Five vears since, the most ardent friend of
immediate emancipation would have compro-
mised for the accomplishment of such results
in a century. Two and a half years ho
would have been content with peace and 1^ nion,
even recognising slavery as it existed in the
beginning of the war, and trusting to a distant
future for its gradual annihilation.
I rejoice, sir, in what has been accomplished:
but in the interest of a downtrodden race I
deny the expediency of any action by Con-
