1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2045
having regimental bands. I ineline^to think
that the drum and fife are about the best of
music; but still bands have their use with others
who have more musical taste than I. These
bands seem to have a very inspiriting effect at
posts and with brigades or larger bodies.
I have no objection to the amendment, if it b«
so modified as to provide tliattlicsc twenty bands
shall include the band at West Point. ^
Mr. PAINE. I accept the suggestion, and
modify my amendment by striking out after the
words ''twenty bands" the words, "and no
more," and by inserting in lieu thereof these
words: ''including the band of the Military
Academy."
Mr. SCHENCK. As it now stands the pro-
vision will be for twenty bands only, instead
of a band for each regiment of the Army. Inas-
much as the band at West Point is now pro-
vided for I move to amend the amendment by
adding at the close the words, " and the band
at the Military Academy shall be placed on the
same footing as other bands."
Mr. PAINE. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my amendment.
Mr.- SCHENCK. I have offered this amend-
ment for the reason that the cadets at West Point
are now taxedtwenty-five cents each permonth
to support their band. I see no reason why that
deduction should be made from the pay of
those young gentlemen. As that is an impor-
tant military post, the headquarters of the.Engi-
neer corps, the band at that place should be
put on the same footing as the bands of all other
organizations of the Army.
Mr. VAN AEUNAM. I more to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Wis-
consin so as to make the number of the bands
"seventeen" instead of "twenty." This will
furnish a band to each of the generals in the
service, and also a band for West Point.
These bands, Mr. Speaker, are a very expen-
sive luxury. A paymaster in the service of" the
United States figured out for me this morning
the monthly pay of a band, and it amounts to
$968. If these regimental bands be continued
we shall incur an expense of more than half a
million dollars a year for this extra music. I
agree with the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs in thinking that the drum and
the fife are the only and the true martial music.
As that kind of music is already provided in
the organization of the company, and of the
regiment, I see no necessity for a greater num-
ber of bands than seventeen. By reducing the
number of bands it would reduce the expenses
$3,000 a month.
Mr. PAINE. I have no objection to reduce
the number of bands to seventeen, but I should
be sorry to place the amendment upon the same
ground upon which he places it. 1 should be
unwilling to graduate the number of bands
according to the number of general officers. I
see no connection between them. At the same
time I admit the number of bands should be as
small as possible consistent with the good of
the service. Therefore, but not for the same
reason which the gentleman gives, I accept the
proposition to reduce the number of bands to
seventeen.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. The gentleman from
Wisconsin has mistaken mo when he alleges
that my idea is to graduate the number of
bands by the number of general officers. _ My
idea is to give a band to each unit. A brigade
is a unit and is commanded by a brigadier
general. I do not propose to furnish a band
simply because a man is a general in the Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as fol-
lows :
Sec. 10. And be it further enaetcd, That all enlist-
ments into tlio Army shall hereafter be for the term
of three years, and that but two field officers shall be
appointed to any regiment until six companies of
the regiment shall have been organized, and that
but two officers for each company shall be appointed
until the minimum number of men has been enlisted
and the regiment duly organized; but recruits may
at ail times becoilectcd at the general rendezvous in
addition to the number required to fill to their mini-
mum all the regiments and companies of the Armyj
Provided, That sueh recruits shall not exceed in the
aggregate three thousand men. It shall be compe-
tent to enlist men for the service who have been
wounded in the lino of their duty while serving in
the Army of the United States, or who have been
disabled by disease contracted in such service: Pro-
vided, It shall be found, on medical inspection, that'
by such wounds or disability they are not unfitted
for efficiency in garrison or other light duty; and
such men, when enlisted, shalibe assigned to service
exclusively in the regiments of the Veteran Reserve
corps.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out
"three" and to insert "five," so as to make
the term of enlistment five years instead of
three.
I have not heard the reasons of the chair-
man of the committee, and although I would
prefer to hear them before speaking to my
amendment, I will yield to him or go on my-
self now.
. Mr. SCHENCK. I will follow the gentle-
man.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, J regard
it as one of the greatest evils that the Army of
the United States, even in the revolutionary
war, the war of 1812, or in the late war, has
ever been obliged to encounter, that is, these
short terms of enlistment. It almost ruined
us in the revolutionary war. It was almost
equally damaging to the interests of the coun-
try in the war of 1812. Every one knows how
terrible was the result in making the terms of
enlistment so short during the late war.
Ohio, when the first call was made for troops,
had eighty-two thousand men offered to the
Government, and they would have been offered
for five years or during the war as well as for
three months if called for that time, but we
were only authorized to receive them for three
months. The consequence was that by the
time we fairly got the troops into the field they
had to be mustered out. We raised twelve
months' troops, and nine months' troops, and
we were even guilty of the folly at one time of
raising hundred days' men. I know they did
good service. It was a mere accident in the
war that they did good service. It was the
merest accident it was not twenty-five millions
of money thrown away. As a matter of fact
I acknowledge they did good service.
Now, sir, we have the best material for an
army ever offered to any Government in the
world out of wdiich to make an army. _ We
have men who have had military experience
crowding to get places in the Army. Let us
now get an army that will last five years at
least, and not after we have consolidated and
crystallized it and made it an efficient body of
men have it go out of service to get other men
in again.
My amendment may be advocated on the
score of economy. There is always some extra
pay when men are mustered out at the expira-
tion of their term of enlistment. It will be a
great saving to give this extra pay^at the end
of a five years' enlistment instead of at the end
of a three years' enlistment. You will adopt the
amendment, then, from motives of economy,
but more than all other reasons for the pur-
pose of having a well disciplined and perma-
nent army. T hope we will make the term of
enlistment five years instead of three.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, it is not the
committee, but my colleague, [Mr. Garfikld,]
that proposes to change the custom; for the
present term of service is three years. The
, gentleman proposes to carry it back to what it
| was at the commencement of the war in the
i regular Army. Now, I am not able, without
! reference to the military law, to tell precisely
! the date of the change in the law from three
! vears' to five years' service.
J " Mr. GARFIELD. In 1SG2, 1 think. _
I Mr. SCHENCK. That was from live to
I three. The experience acquired by our fathers
j m the Revolution led them, in 1790 and 1791,
i and thereafter by successive enactments, to fix
the term of enlistment at three years, and it
was only some fen years before the late rebel-
1 lion that the term was prolonged to five years.
| What the committee proposes now is, that
I having changed it from five years to three in
| 1862, °we shall keep it as it is.
i There is much force in the argument used
by the gentleman in reference to the experi-
ences that men acquire in the service and the
advantage of having old soldiers. He only
concurs in the opinion of every officer who
speaks on the subject. If it were left to the
officers themselves to settle the question, they
would require men to serve ten years instead
of five.
But when you come to legislate upon this
matter you must take into consideration the
character of our people, the kind of men we
propose to fill up the ranks of the Army with.
The question then becomes one of politics, or
of political economy, and all that relates to the
industrial pursuits of our people have to be
taken into consideration as well as the question
of simply getting good veteran soldiers.
Now, sir, our Army is to be made up of men
drawn from all the walks of life. Y oung farmers,
journeymen mechanics, and young men who
have not yet settled themselves in any particu-
lar pursuit, form the great body of the Army,
and by far its best material. And I undertake
to say that three years carved out of the life of
a young American belonging to either of these
classes is equal to about ten years taken out of
the slow life of a European. I mean to say that
our young men are not willing as a body to give
five years of their time to the service of the coun-
try, while hundreds and thousands of the very
same young men might be willing to dedicate
three years to this military work.
Take a young farmer eighteen years of ago.
He wants to see something of the world in a
new phase ; he wants to look at it in a military
aspect, and he is willing to enter the Army for
three years, but not to spare five years of his
youth for that service and come back at the
age of twenty-three, twenty-four, or twenty-five
to settle himself in life.
I go further than that. Though I am not
given to vain-glorious praise of the people of
this country, yet I believe that a young Amer-
ican learns more and is worth more in his
three years' service than most Europeans in ten
years. Our young men acquire military knowl-
edge quicker, they have more spirit, and rhey
perform military service better and they are
more fitted even'for command after three years'
experience as privates than any other people on
the face of the earth.
I prefer, therefore, to accommodate our legis-
lation somewhat to the character of the people
of the couutry, whom we expect to call upon
to fill up and constitute the great body of our
standing Army or of any army that we over put
into the field.
For these reasons, without dwelling upon
them more at length—though much could be
said, perhaps, on both sides of this question—
I am not convinced of the propriety of going
back to the old terms of five years, particu-
larly when, as a part of the system, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, looking to legisla
tion upon this subject with a view to a cure of
an evil, have proposed a bill (No. 450) to reg-
ulate the pay and compensation of officers and
soldiers of the Army. And as it may be
inconvenient for gentlemen to turn to their
files to look at that bill I will read one of its
provisions. Section four contains this pro-
vision :
And be it further enaetcd, That the pay and allow-
ances of all non-commissioned officers and enlisted
men in the Army of the United State- shall continue
the same as provided by the act entitled ."An act to
increase the pay of soldiers in the Tinted States
Armv, and lor other purposes," approved Jane 20.
lbt>4, and by other existing laws; but hereafter eacn
enli^tod man shall, instead oi ^any allowance for
bounty, receive an increase on his pav proper of ono
dollar permonth for each, month of faithful service
in the second year of liis enlistment, and a, iuYther
like increase of one dollar more per month tortaitn-
., ful service in the third year of his enlistment: ana
|| when any soldiei leenlists immediately, or within
1 ninetv days after the expiration of a previous term
ii of enlistment, it shall be counted as one contouous
j. term of enlistment, and heshall leeeive from year
■; to > ear additional pay at the rute of oneqoilai P
i | mon th in eaeli successive year that he remains m the
j| service.
[I At the proper time tlie committee hope to
' | have an opportunity of insisting upon that prop-
il osition. as a means of curing some of tlie evils
