8000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 6,
League Island. This being the fact, the only
point in this case is, whether this board shall
not have its hands untied and have an op-
portunity to examine such other sites as are
suggested in the substitute.
This being the only question, it does appear-
to me that all this discussion with reference to
League Island and all this talk about the de-
merits of New London are entirely foreign to ,
the question before the House. The substitute
only asks that this board shall have an oppor-
tunity to examine other sites when they go out
to examine League Island.
If League Island is the best and fittest place
for a navy-yard, Philadelphia has nothing to
fear. Why should the members from Penn-
sylvania tremble so much in the apprehension
that this House will do a just thing and give
the commission power to examine other sites ?
They cannot suffer by it. It will give satisfac-
tion to the people, and will give better satis-
faction to the members of this House. I re-
peat, that gentlemen ought not to object to
giving the commission power to examine these
other sites.
Mr. MYERS obtained the floor.
Mr. LB BLOND. With the permission of
the gentleman, I will occupy the attention of
the House for a few moments.
Mr. MYERS. I yield to tlie gentleman.
Mr. LB BLOND. I do notprupose to argue
this proposition in detail. 1 think the debate
has already taken a much wider range than the
bill warrants. I have no doubt that if i felt
disposed to argue this proposition in detail, I
could throw a great deal of light upon the sub-
ject. My peculiar location fits me espeeially
l'or the duties of the committee 1 am upon.
I live upon a canal near a large reservoir
containing a body of water covering some acres
in extent, and which is some seven or eight
feet, deep, i believe; and I have seen floating
on it alone time as many as twenty little fish-
ing smacks or boats. Of course gentlemen
will see at once how peculiarly qualified 1 ain
to act upon this subject. [Laughter.] And I
have no doubt the .Speaker of this House knew
this fact, or I would not have been put upon
this committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. And it was fresh water.
Mr. LEBLONL). Yes, sir, it was fresh water;
and that gives me a very decided advun tage over
many gentlemen here. (Renewed laughter.]
Mr. Speaker, the real issue befoie this Houso
is whether it is to the advantage of the Govern-
ment to continue at Philadelphia the navy-yard
which is now located there, or to remove it to
League Island, a distance of about seven miles.
OCeourse, when fliis subject eanie before the
Committee on Naval Ati'airs, there were, also
presented the advantages and disadvantages of
League Island as reasons why the Committex1
should report favorably or unfavorably in ref-
erence to this change. League Island, some
six hundred acres in extent, is tendered to the
Government free of charge for the purposes of
a naval station. The citizens of Philadelphia
are anxious that the navy-yard should be re-
moved from tlieir midstto this place, and many
of the Government officials ask that the change
may be made, for the reason that no more ter-
ritory can be acquired whore the navy-yard is
now located to meet the additional require-
ments of the service in consequence of the
increase of the Navy.
The Committee on Naval Affairs, after having
examined this question, both by personal in-
spection of the site and by the taking of the
testimony of many witnesses, have come to the
conclusion that it would be to the advantage
of the Government to change the location of
this navy-yard from Philadelphia to League
Island. And hence they have directed the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kellky]
to report to the House the bill now under con-
sideration.
Now, 1 do not see that the proposition re-
ported from the committee and the proposition
submitted by the gentleman from Connecticut
[Mr. Braxd:;gee] conflict at all with each other.
His proposition is that <i commission shall be
appointed to examine all these sites for a naval
station and report which, in tlieir judgment, is
the preferable site. Gentlemen seem to have
got the idea that if the proposition reported
from the committee be adopted by Congress
that will preclude any action in regard to estab-
lishing a navy-yard at any other point than
League Island. That idea, I think, is entirely
erroneous. This Congress may adopt both
propositions, for they do not conflict with each
other. In the proposition reported from the
committee we are simply called upon to de-
termine whether or not it will be to the advan-
tage of the Government to remove the navy-
yard from its present location at Philadelphia
to League Island, the land at League Island
being given to the Government by the citizens
of Philadelphia.
The other proposition is simply to appoint
commissioners to examine all these sites and
report upon their availability for the purposes
of a navy-yard. It may be found necessary
to have another navy-yard. The proposition
of the committee is not to create or estab-
lish a new navy-yard, but to change the
location of one already established. If the
proposition of the gentleman from Connecticut
should bo adopted as an independent proposi-
tion, the commissioners may make their ex-
amination and if they find that it will be for
the interests of the Navy that another navy-
yard should be established at New London,
tlicy can report in favor of that, and the Gov-
ernment can go and build one there should it
be deemed advisable to do so. That is my
understanding of the true position of the ques-
tion now before the House for their action at
this time.
Mr. WRIGHT. T would ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Jlr. Li-: Blond] if the proposition
of the committee does not involve the expense
of having two navy-yards, the one special object
of this bdl being, as 1 understand it, to provide
a sanctuary, a place of safety, for our iron-clad
Navy.
Mr. LE BLOND. 1 answer the gentleman
that it does not. It, is simply proposed that
the location of the navy-yard now established
shall lie changed from Philadelphia to League
Island. The property now possessed by the
Government in Philadelphia can be sold, and
the proceeds of the sale can bo applied to the
expense of locating the yard at League Island.
The proposition is whether the Government
will accept as a gratuity six hundred acres of
laud when it shall suit the convenience of the
Government to make the transfer. And the
proposition of the gentleman fiom Connecticut
[Mr. BitANnRoKK j does not conflict with this in
any way whatever, for the commission he pro-
poses to have appointed may go on and exam-
ine other silos, and if they deem it necessary
to have another navy-yard, they may report
in favor of New London or any other place.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask my col-
league [Mr. Lu Blond] if ho considers that
the condition of this donation to the Govern-
ment will bo answered by simply transferring
the navy-yard now located at Philadelphia to
League Island.
Jlr. LIS BLONI). Certainly it will.
Mr. SPALDING. That is not my under-
standing of it.
Jlr. BRANDEGEE. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will give way to me for one mo-
ment I desire to ask a question. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le Blo.vd,]
my colleague on the committee, whether the
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, who appeared
before the committee as a witness as well as
an advocate in behalf of League Island, did
not distinctly state that the one great advan-
tage which League Island offered, by reason
of which it had commended itself to the favor
of the Department, was its adaptation for the
construction, repair, and docking of iron ves-
sels; and, furthermore, whether he did not
state, in answer to a question, that it was the
intention of the Department, if League Island
should be accepted, to make it the iron-clad
station for construction and repair?
Mr. LE BLOND. Of course that was one
of the reasons assigned why that was a desir-
able location. It was urged that the back
channel rendered it a desirable place above
any other that had been presented to the at-
tention of the committee. That is one of the
reasons why the committee agreed to the prop-
osition as it now comes before the House, but
it was not the sole consideration on which the
committee acted.
Mr. MYERS. I hope that all this will not
come out of my time.
'The SPEAKER, It will come out of the
gentleman's time.
Several Members. Oh, we will extend your
time.
Mr. LE BLOND. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow me one moment fur-
ther, 1 wish to say that, as a matter of course,
after the Government shall have changed the
location of the navy-yard from Philadelphia to
League Island, the yard at the latter place will,
as the necessities of the Government may re-
quire, be enlarged. But there is no require-
ment of that sort in this grant. The Govern-
ment may, as its judgment may dictate or the
exigencies of the times require, make this a
naval station for iron-clads, or a simple navy-
yard, such as there is at Philadelphia at the
present time.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I desire now to ask
my colleague on the committee one other ques-
tion. Inasmuch as he has argned that these
two propositions are not necessarily conflict-
ing—that both maybe adopted without inter-
fering with each other—I ask him this ques-
tion: supposing League Island to be accepted,
does he believe that there will be any necessity
for a new yard anywhere else, or does he be-
lieve that Congress or the Department would
bo in favor of a new yard anywhere else?
Mr. LE BLOND. 1 cannot, of course, say
what Congress would do or what the Navy
Department might do in reference to this mat-
ter. I do believe that League Island offers
advantages of which it is of vast importance
that the Government, should avail itself.
I believe that, by the change of location, that
navy-yard can bo made to answerthe purposes
of the Government for a long time to come. I
state this simply as my own opinion.
Mr. BKANDEGEB. That is what I sup-
posed, and hence the adoption of the bill ad-
vocated by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
proposing the acceptance of League Island,
necessarily conflicts with a proposition for the
examination of any other site, because if
League Island be once accepted no other site
will be deemed necessary by the Department,
either in the immediate present or in the in-
definite future.
Mr, ELDR1DGE. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] give way for a
motion to adjourn?
Mr. MYEltS. I will.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move, then, that the
House adjourn.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin to withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment that I may make a report from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I yield, with the under-
standing that it will take but little time.
contingknt expenses oe the house,
Mr. RAYMOND, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the contingent expenses of the
House of Representatives of the United States
for the fiscal year ending June 30,1865 ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. RAYMOND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
