1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
gress to raise them to the exercise of those
political rights for which, as a people, they are
now unfitted by long centuries of ignorance and
degradation. It is insisted that such action is
necessary to secure them against outrage and
abuse. I answer, such action but invites out-
rage and abuse.
I, sir, have no sympathy with those whowould
oppress or abuse a freedman. I have no sym-
pathy with any man who of his own volition
lifted his hand in rebellion against the Govern-
ment of my fathers. I hate treason and rebel-
lion, and while I have 4 seat upon this floor I
will never consent to the admission here of any
rebel to represent any portion of any southern
Sfate, whose hands are, for aught I know, red
with the blood of true and loyal men.
I regret that anything of disturbance or any-
thing of insubordination is found in any State
of the South. I have 110 apology to offer for
what has been done by individuals or perhaps
by associations. Let all abuses be punished.
Let the right be vindicated; let justice prevail.
But, sir, wo ought to remember that wo are
just emerging from a terrible war during^ which
the civil law has been overthrown in the seced-
ing Slates, and personal right lias been sacri-
ficed to the spirit of violence. A state of war
excites the brutal passions, it makes life cheap,
it disregards the restraint of civil authority, it
deranges society itself.
Since the disbanding of our own armies our
northern cities and towns have been startled by
the frequency and atrocity of crime. Kobbery,
burglary, arson, and murder glare upon us from
almost every newspaper and alarm every com-
munity. Ilere in the capital of the Republic
we sleep securely only under the vigilance of
public and private watchmen. Overthrow (he
administration of the criminal law throughout
the North, as it hasbeen overthrown at the South
by war, and Carl Sehurz would find in northern
society ample material for another.gloomy pic-
ture of our public condition.
I submit, that it cannot be expected that, the
entire body of the people of the seceded States
should accept, without dissatisfaction and even
disturbance the great and radical changes which
have been forced upon them. They have, been
conquered by military power. Their boasted
chivalry, invincible in theory, went down be-
fore the sturdy blows of the despised Yankee.
Slavery has been utterly annihilated. The
fabric of aristocracy which was based upon k
is gone. The. barriers behind which caste for
three centuries had been intrenching itself were
broken mid leveled in an hour.
To add intense!" bitterness to the chalice of
humiliation, the armies of the confederacy,
which wens to run riot in northern capitals,
were driven fyom the Rappahannock to t he (>ulf
of Mexico, or, fleeing before tin1 genius of Sher-
man and Thomas, left the fair fields and cities
of Tennessee, Georgia, aiid Carolina a prey
to desolation and the (lames. You have made
their servants and slaves their equals in legal
right, and you menace them with equality in
political power. I - mil you can change human
nature, you cannot expect passive, universal,
and unaffected submission to this bitterness of
disappointment and this sudden and organic
all ei at ion of their social structure. Triumph has
not, changed 0111 natures; defeat has not,changed
theirs. All of these southern States own the
extinction of slavery ; most of them consent,
to it. Thus the life of the rebellion is extin-
guished fin-ever. Most of them have annulled
all acts and ordinances of secession. Thov have
repudiated the confederate debt, and are even
in their poverty willing to contribute to the
payment of our own. They have adopted the
constitutional amendment. They ask of you
two things.
I. That you shall allow to them the power of
determining the political slatus of the freed-
man.
^'2. That when you tax them as States in the
Union you shall permit them representation
as States.
_ Mr. Speaker, our legislation should be con-
sistent with the unvarying policy of the Govern-
ment in the prosecution of the war to maintain
the Union. It should be consistent with the
dignity of a great nation, strong enough to be
magnanimous in its power and merciful in its
justice.
From the day when Abraham Lincoln de-
livered his inaugural address to Congress to the
hour when himself unconscious of the ineffable
crime which suffused the eyes of a nation in
tears he passed to his reward, not one word did
he utter, not one act did he perform which can
be tortured into an approval of the doctrine
that the seceding States had left the Union.
In his proclamation of September, 1802, he
expressly invited the States in rebellion to lay
down their arms and return their Representa-
tives to Congress as States in the Union and
not out of it. In his letter to Fernando Wood
he says that the laying down of the rebel arms
was all that was necessary to the restoration
of such States.
In his proclamation of emancipation he ex-
pressly recognizes them as States.
In his message of December 8,1803, he sub-
mitted to Congress the exact plan for the res-
toration of these States to representation which
President Johnson has pursued. The plan of
the President above-mentioned was submitted
by the President to his Cabinet and approved
by each, and in his last public utterance, after
his return from Richmond, and just preceding
his assassination, he gave this policy his re-
newed sanction. This policy was fully indorsed
by the American people'in the renomination
and reelection of Mr. Lincoln in 180-1.
The reconstruction bills introduced into the
last session of the Thirty-Eighth Congress, and
based 011 the idea of States converted into ter-
ritory by secession, were rejected by the gen-
eral sentiment of Congress, and their authors
did not venture even to ask a vote upon them.
Congress treated Virginia as a State in the
Union by erecting from her the State of West
Virginia under the forms of the Constitution.
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Tennessee were
recognized as Stales by the admission of their
Representatives, although the rebels held armed
possession of the greater portion of each.
In August, 1801, Congress by special act
imposed a direct tax upon all the States in the
Union to raise means for prosecuting the war,
and this law was under the authority qf section
two of article one of the Constitution, which
says Representatives and direct taxes shall be
apportioned among the several States which
may be included in this Union in proportion to
their respective numbers. Kaeh of the seced-
ing States was charged with its due proportion
of the whole fax of $'JO,000,000.
On the'1th of March, lHOli, Congress made
the apportionment of Representatives among
the several States upon the census returns of
ISO!) as required hv law, and all the seceding
Slates which had then been guilty of every
act.which is now claimed as disseh mgtheireon-
lieetion with and destroying their rights in the
Union were awarded their duo share of repre-
sentation as States still in the Union, and for
weal or woe hound to its fortunes. Again,
Congress in duly, 1801, after the secession of
all the States in rebellion, and just subsequent
to the defeat of our Army at Hull Run, passed
almost unanimously the following resolution :
"That this war is not prosecuted upon our part in any
spii it _ut'i>|i|irt'«Kiii, nor tol any pui pose ot comfuest
orsitbiu'ration, norpnrpose oi overthrowing or inter-
fenmr with the rights or established institutions of
those States, but todetend andmamtam the suprem-
acy ofof the Constitution and all laws made m pur-
suance thereof, and to preserve the Union with all
the disnity. equality, mid l-iahts of the several States
1111 impaired; that as soon a& Uiese objects are accom-
plished the war ought to cease."
This has never been contradicted by any sub-
sequent act or legislation of Congress until the
present session. The rebellious States-* now
submitting to your authority, tell yon in view
of all your public acts and declarations, that
you prosecuted for four years a gigantic war to
keep them in the Union, and since you sub-
dued them to the Union you continue a war
upon them to keep them out: you treat them as
conquered provinces; you tax them as loyal
States; you demand of them abject submission
to all you have done or may do, offensively to
social and long-existing prejudice, and ask of
them loyalty and devotion, while by your legis-
lation you would throttle and extinguish even
the germinating principle of loyaliy. You can
expect under such legislation 110 other recon-
struction than that which shall be marked out
by Federal bayonets, and whose lines will be
preserved only in the presence of Federal can-
non. You will have no peace save that which
exists in universal solitnde and universal deso-
lation.
Mr. Speaker, I stand here to-day as the Rep-
resentative of a radical constituency, who have
voluntarily given $3,500,000 to suppress rebel-
lion, to maintain, not to dissolve, the Union of
these States. They have honored me with their
confidence, and I will not willingly be recreant
to their trust. I have 110 aspirations for the
future in political life. I would cheerfully to-
day resign a position where personal independ-
ence is treason to party power. But while I
remain, I shall attempt to do my whole duty, in
the exercise of my best judgment, not for my
constituency alone, but for my whole undivided
country.
I know that the sentiments I have uttered are
by no means consonant with the opinions of
those who lead, or mislead, the Union men of
this House. They may not be in accordance
with popular sentiment in my State or in the
country, inflamed as it may be by appeals
made here to prejudice and to passion. But
they arc my sentiments—they are honestly en-
tertained ; they are fearlessly uttered. 1 fear
not the issue. I know the power of public opin-
ion. I have felt it in its excitement. I have
seen it in the fury of its tide. It may be irre-
sistible; it may be omnipotent: but, thank God,
it is not immutable; and for myself, holding
fast to justice and to right, let me rather be sub-
merged beneath the waves, to reappear when
the storm is over, than borne like wrack and
sea-weed on the ocean's breast, without pur-
pose or self-control, drifted by its currents, and
driven by its tempests, be east high upon the
shore, to mark in decay and rottenness the
highest elevation of the tide and the point
whence it receded.
Mr. Speaker, 1 shall shrink from no respon-
sibility in extending to the freedman full pro-
tection in his rights as a matter of essential
justice or as a recognition of the fidelity and
heroism of. his race during the rebellion.
But I will not conscnt to inflict needless and
wanton injury upon the people of the South
because the}- are not ready in a moment to sur-
render the pride or the prejudice of genera-
tions. 1 will not deny them the right of rep-
resentation, and hold the Union dissolved,
simply because they arc not. willing to extend
to the colored race that, universal eufiaiichise-
ment which we ourselves deny l.lieni in every
Stale of the Union save Vermont alone.
Such was not the purpose for which the war
was prosecuted, and I will not prove false to
its history.
To-day I summon from their honored though
unmarked graves the countless thousands who
beneath the Federal flag laid down their lives
in this fierce and unnatural conflict. From
the pestilential prison-yards of Andersonville,
Castle Thunder, and Libby, 1 call forth the fifty
thousand of our heroes who perished there
from cruelty or slow starvation: and from the
grim, ghastly throng, bearing yet upon them in
death the tattered and bloody uniform of blue,
I demand, for what dulyou die? Though they
be dead they yet speak. The same answer
comes from each and all, "We died for the
Union unbroken, undivided, and at peace."
Five hundred thousand men went down to
bloody graves with the cry yet thrilling 011 their
lips, ''The Union forever!"
To-day we who sent them forth from friends
and home to fall in battle for the Union; we
who told them, by all our public acts and by
solemn resolutions, that the war was prosecuted
for no purpose of subjugation or conquest, but
only to enforce submission to the Constitutioa
