204.6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 19,
now existing, and of elevating the character of
the service, as a scheme by means of which the
services of the soldiers may be secured con-
tinuously for the benefit of the Government.
And though it would seem to entail a heavy
additional expense upon the Government, by
increasing the pay of the soldier a dollar a
month for each successive year, so that he shall
receive seventeen dollars a month the second
year, eighteen dollars a month the third year,
and nineteen dollars a month the fourth year,
if he shall reenlist, and so on from year to year
of service, yet it is more than compensated even
upon the score of economy, as a means of get-
ting rid of this whole difficult question of bounty
hereafter, and substituting a gradual increase
of pay in its stead to the faithful soldier. And
I hope we shall keep the time of three years
in this section.
message prom tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had concurred in the amendment of
the House to Senate resolution No. 29, for the
transfer of funds appropriated for the pay-
ment of salaries in the Post Office Department
to the general salary account of that Depart-
ment.
Also, that the Senate had concurred in the
amendments of the House to Senate bill No.
89, to issue American registers to the steam !
vessels Michigan, Despatch, and William K. 1
Muir, and for other purposes, with an amend-
ment, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
militia organization.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Militia, reported a bill
to provide for the national defense by estab-
lishing a uniform irilitia and organizing an .
active militia force throughout the United I
States: which was read a first and second!
time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted j
to the Committee on "he Militia.
american registers of vessels.
Mr. WASHBURKE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent to proceed to the consid-1
eration of the amendment of the Senate to the '
amendment of the House to Senate bill No.
89, to issue American registers to the steam
vessels Michigan, Despatch, and William K.
Muir, and for other purposes.
There being no objection, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the Senate
amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add to the amendment of the House the following :
And American registers or enrollment and license
to the iollowing-named vessels; that is to say, the
ship bcreamer, now called Roamer. of Brunswick;
Maine; the barge Mary, of Detroit; the steam-tug
bampson, of Detroit; the schooners Caledonia, and
Enterprise, of Detroit; and the Anglo-Saxon, aCana-
dian-built vessel.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the amendment of the Senate by strik-
ing out the words " now called Roamer."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was then
concurred in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
of the Senate was concurred in as amended;
and I also move to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. I
appropriations for indian treaties. i
Oa motion of Mr. STEVENS, Senate joint I
resolution No. 69, making an appropriation !
to enable the President to negotiate treaties
with certain Tndian tribes, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
canal and sewerage company. •
On motion of Mr. INGERSOLL, Senate
bill No. 190, to incorporate the District of
Columbia Canal and Sewerage Company, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
• Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reorganization of the army—again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill for the reorganization of the Army.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Garfield to amend the tenth section
so as to make the term of enlistment five
years instead of three years, as provided by
the bill as reported.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to say a word in
reply to what the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee [Mr. Schexck] has said in favor of three
years' enlistments. He says he desires to encour-
age the young men of this country to go into the
Army a short time, to see life, to get a taste
of military life, before they enter upon what
will be their permanent pursuits of life. Now,
that may be very pleasant for the young men
themselves; but it seems to me our true theory
should be to legislate for the best interests of
the Army and of the Government.
The suggestion, of the gentleman, however,
is but a part of the general principle which
seems to be prevailing in this country, that
offices and positions of any sort are a kind of
gift, or rather a sort of plum-pudding, which
everybody has a right to take a bite of, and when
he has had his bite, some one else should be
allowed to take a bite.
Now, it occurs to me that offices and posi-
tions are rather for the benefit of the Govern-
ment than especially for the benefit of classes
of people. And if the principle of rotation
must be adopted in offices generally, it occurs
to me that it had better not be adopted when we
are organizing a great army for a great Govern-
ment. For my part, I believe that this habit
of encouraging our young men to dash into this
little occupation and that little occupation,
having no fixed purpose, is a bad one, and I
would be glad to discourage them from it by
making the term of _ service longer, so that the
man who chooses tHe profession of arms shall
go into the Army as a definite, permanent,
chosen profession, and not merely for a short
time. Let them go into it for the purpose of
making themselves soldiers, with the purpose
of rising by their merits from the ranks, if
possible, to the highest positions in the Army.
We must consider, also, the immense extent
of this country; we have to send men three or
four thousand miles away, to points which it
takes six months to reach and six months to
come back from, thus using up a year in going
and coming. Then it takes one year to fit them
for duty, leaving, if you fix the term at three
years, only one year for efficient service. I hope
we shall not limit ourselves to that point.
I know that, there are advantages to the per-
sons enlisted in such a system, and feel myself
to be, in some sort, a brevet member of the
Committee on Military Affairs. I would always
rather work with its chairman than against him.
I do not believe, however, that he makes much
point on this matter. I believe tha.t by and by
he will be better satisfied if we have a perma-
nent army based on the five years' principle,
which has prevailed far more in the Govern-
ment than the three years' principle has done.
We reduced the term of service to three years
merely to meet the present necessities of the
Government at a time when it was difficult to
get men. We found it troublesome then to get
enough men who were willing to go into the
service for five years. But now, when we have
men in abundance who are just as ready to
enter the service for five years as for three, it
seems to me that we ought not to omit the op-
portunity to get an army for the full term of
five years, and make it a great, solid, perma-
nent body of men.
I move the previous question on my amend
ment.
The pluvious question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
25, noes 38; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rousseau
and Garfield were appointed.
- The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 48.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the yeas and
nays, and called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Allison
and Glossbrenner were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes twenty-one, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 40, nays 61, not voting,
82; as follows:
* YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Boat-
well, Bundy, Chanler, Conkling, Davis, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Eldridge, Finck, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Ho-
can, Edwin N. Hubbell, James M, Humphrey,
Jenckes, Kelley, Kelso, Marvin, McKee, MeRuer,
Mereur, Newell, Niblaek, Samuel J. Randall,
Shanklin, Smith, Spalding, Taber, Taylor, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernarn, Ward, Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Wentworth, Williams, and Wood bridge—40.
NAYS — Messrs. Aneona, Baker. Baxter, Beaman,
Benjamin, Bingham, Blaine, Boyer, Broomall, Buck-
land, Dawes, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Farquhar,
Ferry, Grider. Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Hayes. Holmes. Chester D. Hubbard, Hulburd,
Kasson, Ketcham, Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence,
Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Marston, McClurg, Miller,
Morris, Nicholson, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Phelps,
Price, John H. Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau,
Schenok, Scotield, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stevens,
Thayer, Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner,
Henry D.Washburn, William B. Washburn. Welker,
Whaley, James F. Wilson, and Windoro -61.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley. Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Bergen,
Bidwell, Blow,' Brandegee, Bromwell, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Co [froth. Cook, Cul-
lom, Culver,Darling,Dawson,Defrees, Delano. Dom-
ing, Denison, Dodge, Dumont, Eliot, Farnswoith,
Goodyear, Grinnell, Griswold. Harris, Hart, Hender-
son, Higby, Hill. Hooper, Hotehkiss, Asahel \V.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James
R. Hubbell, James Humphrey, Ingersoll, John-
son, Jones, Julian, Kerr, Laflin, Latham, William
Lawrence, Le Blond, Longyear, McCullough, Mc-
Indoe, Moorhead, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, Noell,
Orth, Perham, Pike. Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice,
Rogers, Sawyer, Sloan, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Trimble, Burt
Van Horn, Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield, and
Wright—82.
So Mr. Garfield's amendment was disa-
greed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United States is hereby authorized to
employ in the Territories and Indian country a force
of Indians, not to exceed one thousand, to act as
scouts, who shall receive the pay and allowances of
cavalry soldiers, and be discharged whenever the
necessity for their further employment is abated, or
at the discretion of the department commander.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be one lieutenant general, five major generals, and
ten brigadier generals, who shall have the same pay
and emoluments, and be entitled to the same staff
officers in number a.nd grade, as now provided bylaw.
Sec. 13. And be it further cavcted, That the Adju-
tant General's department of the Army shall hereafter
consist of the number of officers now authorized by
law, namely, one adjutant, general, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a brigadier general; two assist-
ant adjutant generals, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of colonels of cavalry; four adjutants, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colo-
nels of cavalry, and thirteen adjutants, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of majors of cavalry. But after
the first appointments made under the provisions of
this section, as vacancies may occur in the grade of
major, no appointment shall be made to fill such
vacancy until the number of majors in the depart-
ment shall be reduced to ten, to which numUertbe
said grade shall thereafter be limited.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the committee to explain to the House,
beforewepass from this thirteenth section, pre-
cisely what is meant by the creation of this new
office of "adjutant'' in the staff department.
I would like to know whether these officers,
called "adjutants" will be eligible to promo-
tion in the regular staff department, or whether
this is a nejv office which is created; and if so,
what is its grade? It is evidently an innova-
tion upon the present mode of organizing that
staff; and I would like to hear the reason for
the change.
Mr. SCHENCK. Nothing whatever was
meant by the committee except to get rid of
