1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2047
a long, lumbering title. In reorganizing the
Adjutant General's department we thought it
well to drop the words " assistant adjutant gen-
eral," as now applied to every officer, even of
the most subordinate grade in thatdepartment,
and to call these officers simply what they are,
adjutants. Each regiment has its adjutant,
who is known as regimental adjutant,; then
there are other adjutants; and at the head of
them all is an Adjutant General who bears a
relation upon the general staff to the Army such
as adj utants of regiments do to the organizations
to which they belong. We thought it unneces-
sary, either in the quartermaster's department
or in the ^tfljutant General's Office, to continue
forever the cumbrous titles, "assistant quarter-
master" or ''assistant adjutant general." In
reorganizing what relates to the adjutancy of
the Army, that portion of the staff through
which orders issue, and which thus has the
general supervision or direction, under the
proper commanding officers, of whatever is
done, it seemed to us entirely unnecessary to
perpetuate these long titles.
The gentleman inquires whether those adju-
tants will be entitled to promotion as in other
cases. Of course they will. They are a part
of the same general department, occupying
their several ranks, some as majors, some as
lieutenant colonels, some as colonels; but we
have restricted the title "assistant adjutant
general" to the two assistants of the Adjutant
General, who in his absence may be called upon
to occupy temporarily his position. The pro-
vision of the bill, therefore, is for "one adju-
tant general, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general; two assistant
adjutant generals, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of colonels of cavalry." Then the
bill goes on to provide for " four adjutants, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant
colonels of cavalry, and thirteen adjutants, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of majors of
cavalry." If this mode of simplifying the matter
should not, in the opinion of members of the
House, conform to good taste or propriety, they
will of course correct our correction.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the thirteenth section, and inserting in
lieu thereof the following :
And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department of the Army shall hercatter consist
of the officers now authorized by law, namely: one
adjutant general with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a brisadier general; two assi: tant adjutant gen-
erals with the rank, p.iy, and emoluments of colonels
of cavalry; four assistant adjutant generals with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonels of
cavalry, and thirteen assistant adjutant gen cutis with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of majors of cavalry.
Mr. Speaker, what I propose as a substitute
for this section is the corresponding section of
the Senate bill. It leaves the present organi-
zation of the Adjutant General's department
unchanged. Now, sir, I wish to say, in regard
to what has fallen from the chairman of the
committee, that I am surprised that he should
take the view that the effect of the section as
it stands in this bill is simply to change the
title of an office. The effect of the alteration
made by the bill before the House is really to
legislate out of the Army of the United States
no less than thirteen of its regular officers, and
to deprive them of their commissions.
Mr. HALE. Seventeen.
Mr. THAYER. Yes. sir: seventeen.
There is something more than a mere matter
of verbal taste in a proposal of that kind; some-
thing more than a mere preference for a par-
ticular word.
Now, sir, as this isapointof the gentleman's
bill where is commenced a process which, if
carried out, would undermine and disorganize
the whole system of the Army of the United
States as il is at present organized, I desire to
call the attention of the House to the changes
which are initiated in the thirteenth section,
now pending. The same operation which is
performed by this section on the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department is by subsequent sections
performed on the quartermaster's department
and on the subsistence department.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. And in the pay
department.
Mr. Til A YER. And also in the pay depart-
ment. The officers holding commissions, or at
any rate a great part of them, in these depart-
ments of the Army are, by a few strokes of the
gentleman's pen, driven out of the Army of the
United States and deprived of their commis-
sions; and he tells us in justification of a meas-
ure so sweeping as that, so indefensible and so
full of injustice, that it is a mere question of
words whether a man is to be called an adju-
tant or assistant adjutant general. Does not
every man know an officer who is assistant
adjutant general in the United States Army
holds his commission in that capacity and holds
no other commission? The rank he holds is
simply incident to the office he holds, and when
you abolish the office he holds you deprive him
of his employment and his commission.
Is there any man in the House who has read
this bill who will undertake to deny that this is
the legal effect of the section under considera-
tion? I apprehend not.
The same thing, as I have already said, will
be accomplished by subsequent sections in ref-
erence to the other staff corps of the Army, if
this bill shall become a law in its present shape.
All these gentlemen, some of whom have been
in the Army of the United States, for many years
—one of them, as I know, over forty years—
officers who have spent their lives in the service
of the country, and who have greatly aided in
conducting it triumphantly through the late
great war, are to be condemned unheard and
driven from the Army. They are not to have
accorded to them even the poor privilege of
being tried by the star-chamber proceeding
provided for in the thirty-third section of the
biil.
By the thirty-third section the committee
invite us to provide a grand council to indict
the two thousand or more officers of the Army
of the United States. This grand inquisition
is to present them for trial before a petit jury
of three officers, who, I say without hesitation,
are armed by the terms of the bill with the
power of conviction, but with no power of
acquittal.
You do not even offer to the poor assistant
adjutant generals—the seventeen you propose
to immolate by this section—the chance to be
presented by this grand council and tried by
your petit jury of three. You turn them out
of the Army without trial, without examina-
tion, nay, without accusation.
I thought, sir, when the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Harding] a few moments ago, speak-
ing of this bill, said that the idea was to make
a brilliant army, he was indulging in a display
of that parliamentary irony which the gentle-
man from Ohio condemned yesterday in the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Chaxijer. ]
Sir, it may be a brilliant army after yon have per-
petrated this great, injustice and swept out all the
officers on tb e various staffs who have been doing
service there, some of them during the greater
part of their lives, and faithful and eminent ser-
vice, too, without so much as a trial or accusa-
tion. It may be a brilliant armv, in your esti-
mation, after you have incorporated into your
law the twenty-ninth section, which gives the
President of the United States power to trans-
fer an officer at his volition from the staff to
the line, from one staff corps to another staff
corps, from one arm of the regular service to
another arm of the service, to swap them about
< as politicians may request for the benefit of
' their favorites and followers. It may be a
brilliant army, in your estimation, if you adopt
the twenty-eighth section and destroy the great
and just principle of promotion by seniority in
service (a principle which I maintain to be the j
only just and proper one regulating promo- j
, tions under our system of government) and |
! substitute for it a political scramble for pro- j
I motion. I say, when you do all this injustice :
| and make all these disorganizing changes you ;
| may have perhaps what may be ironically
i termed a brilliant army, but it will not be an j
army, sir, in the military sense of that word.
It will not be an army which could oppose a
respectable mob. It will be, sir, itself but a
mob.
Now, the section which I propose to substi*
tute is the corresponding provision of the Sen-
ate bill; and I propose to follow it, if it shall
be adopted by the House, by proposing similar
substitutes in the case of all those provisions
which in my judgment affect injuriously the
staff corps of the Army. The substitute which
I offer does not disturb the present organiza-
tion of the Army. It leaves it, as regards this
staff corps, untouched. As it is now it does
no injustice; it deprives no officer of his com-
mission withoutahearing ; it turns outno faith-
ful officer from the service; it violates no prin-
ciple, and is no injurious innovation. It is
simply the preservation of what already exists,
and what, in my judgment, is infinitely better
than the experiment which is proposed.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say a single word
in regard to the pending section. The chair-
man of the committee is very well aware—and
it is not improper for me to say it—that as a
member of the committee I have differed from
him in regard to this bill as regards the staff
corps. The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Thayer,] I think, would not have shown
so much indignation against the committee if
he had understood the origin of this nomen-
clature, as applied to the staff corps. I will
state how this change of nomenclature origi-
nated.
The Quartermaster General of the Army,
an officer for whom I have a most profound
respect, was at my instance invited before the
Military Committee to discuss the affairs relat-
ing to his department, and this is the depart-
ment to which the gentleman has referred with
the most zeal.
Mr. THAYER. No, sir; my amendment
does not relate to thatdepartment. You have
made this change in the Adjutant General's
department.
Mr. BLA!NE. Do not interrupt me at this
moment. The Quartermaster General himself
suggested that the titles in the staff corps, par-
ticularly relating to his own, were unduly long
and cumbersome, and he asked that they should
be changed and made verbatim, literatim, et
punclualim as they are in this bill. And it
was as a convenience to him that it was done.
And now that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania should suppose that it was the design of
the Military Committee to legislate a set of
gentlemen out of office by a change of nomen-
clature,! can hardlythinkheisscriousaboutit.
I agree with him that that change would have
that effect. I am not in favor of the change;
but I want to say that it was the furthest from
the intention of the committee to do anything
more^han to accede to the wishes of the de-
partments, as they thought were expressed
through this chief.
Now, one word about the Adjutant General's
department. If I cannot have a better amend-
ment than the one the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thayer] has offered, I shall vote
for that. I think the argument of the chairman
of the committee in regard to curtailing the size
of this staff corps is unsound. The section pro-
vides that after a certain time the assistant
adjutants of the corps shall be. reduced to ten.
Here let me state a fact. When the war
broke out in 1S01, with a little army of eleven
thousand men, capable of being enlarged to
nineteen thousand, there were fourteen offi-
cers in the Adjutant General's department,
and it was not considered too many. During
the war it was increased by six. And now,
with an army four or five times as great, there
are only six added, making twenty. You have
not increased them fifty per cent, while you
increase the Army fourfold. I think, instead of
decreasing the number, it ought to be increased.
When the generals in convention Generals
Grant, Meade, and Sherman—recommended
that there should be seventeen of these officers
the committee in the Senate agreed to it, but
