M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
    y -
- 4,
porarily. The Chair .understands the Senator
from Kentucky as having concluded his re-
marks. The question is on the motion to refer
the resolution of the Senator from Kentucky to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
messacfe 3tkom the house.
', A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheesoit, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills and joint resolutions, in
which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate: T
A bill (H. R. No. 23) to prevent the spread
of foreign diseases among the cattle of the
TTnited States;
A hill (H. R. No. 24) to amend an act en-
titled "An act providing Tor the selection of
jurors to serve in the several courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia;" and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 18) granting
certain public property to the Soldiers' Or-
phans' Home of Iowa.
quartermaster general's report.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution, which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That one thousand copies of tlie report of
the Quartermaster General be printed for the use of
the quartermaster's department.
joint committee ON reconstruction.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
take up the resolution from the House of Rep-
resentatives, appointing a committee tn inquire
into the condition of the States which formed
the so-callcd confederate States of America.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution
from the House of Representatives:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives in Congrats wacmbled, That a joint committee of
fifteen members shall beappointcd, nine ofwhomshall
bo members of the House and six members of the Sen-
ate, who shall inquire into the condition of the States
which formed the so-called confederate States of
America, and report whether they, or any of them, arc
entitled to be represented in cither House of Congress:
with leave to report at any time, by bill or otherwise;
and untilsuehreportsliali have been made, anil finally
acted on by Congress, no member shall bo received into
either House from any of the said so-called confeder-
ate States; and all papers relating to the representa-
tion of said States shall be referred to the said com-
mittee without debate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend the en-
acting clause of the resolution, which now reads
as a joint resolution, so as to make it a concur-
rent resolution, inasmuch as a joint resolution
goes to the President for his signature.
The PRESIDENT^ tempore. It is moved
that the enacting or resolving clause of the res-
olution be amended so as to change it from a
joint resolution to a concurrent resolution. The
resolution now reads, '! Resolved by the Senate
and House of Representatives in Congress as-
sembled." It is proposed to amend the clause
so as to read, "Resolved by the Senate, (the
House of Representatives concurring.)"
Mr. FOOT. It should be the other way,
"Resolved by the House of Representatives,
(the Senate concurring,)" the resolution having
originated in the House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be the form.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the resolution go
to a committee ? If not, I move to refer, it to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now ig on the amendment of the resolving
clause of the resolution. It is competent for
the Senator to move its reference. A motion
to refer isin order if made.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
Delaware will allow this amendment to be made,
if he does not object to it, and one other amend-
ment which I shall propose, and then his mo-
tion will be in order.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Very well.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the form of the
resolution, changing it from ajointto a concur-
rent resolution.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move further to amend
the resolution by striking out all after the word
"otherwise."
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows:
" And until such report shall have been made, and
finally acted on by Congress, no member shall b« re-
ceived into cither House from any of the said so-
callcd confederate States: and all pancrs relating
to the representation of said States snail be referred
to the said committee without debate.''
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I cannot
vote for that amendment. I prefer the resolu-
tion as it came from the House of Representa-
tives, because, whether the concurrent resolu-
tion has or has not the effect of law, it cer-
tainly contains within itself a pledge un the part
of the two Houses, given the one to the other,
that until the report of this important commit-
tee shall have been presented, we will not re-
admit anj' of the rebel States either by the recog-
nition of their Senators or of their Representa-
tives. I think, sir, the country expects nothing
less than this at our hands. I think that por-
tion of the loyal people of the United States
who have sacrificed so much of blood and treas-
ure in the prosecution of the war, and who
secured to us the signal victory which wo h.ave
achieved over the rebellion, have a right to at
least this assurance at our hands, that neither
House of Congress will recognize as States any
one of the rebel States until the event to which
I have alluded.
Sir, what is the present position and status
of the rebel States? In my judgment they are
simply conquered communities, subjugated by
the arms of the United States—communities
in which the right of self-government docs not
now exist. Why? Because they have been for
the last four years hostile, to the most surpris-
ing unanimity hostile, to the authority of the
United States, and have dining that period been
waging a bloody war against that authority.
They are simply conquered communities; and
we hold them, as we know well, as the world
knows to-day, not by their own free will and
conscnt as members of the Union, but solely
by virtue of our superior militaiy power, which
is exerted to that elfect throughout the length
and breadth of the rebel Slates. There is in
those States no rightful authority, according to
my view, at this time but that of the United
States, and every political act, every govern-
mental act exercised within their limits, must
necessarily be exercised and performed under
the sanction and by the will of the conqueror.
In short, sir, they are not to-day loyal States;
their population are not willing to-day, if we
are rightly informed, to perform peaceably,
quietly, and efficiently the duties which per-
tain to the population of a State in the Union
and of the Union; and for one, I cannot con-
sent to recognize them, even indirectly, as en-
titled to be represented in cither House of Con-
gress at this time. The time has not yet come,
in my judgment, to do this, and I object to the
amendment for the reason that it leaves the im-
plication—and the implication will be drawn
and clearly understood by the public—that one
or the other House of Congress may, whenever
it sees fit, readmit Senators or Representatives
from a rebel State as it sees iit, without the
concurrence of the other House, and 1 hold it
to be utterly incompetent for the Senate, un-
der the present condition of things, and for
the House of Representatives, under the same
condition, to admit Senators or Representa-
tives into Congress without the conscnt of both
Houses and the formal recognition of the fact
that hostilities have ceased and that loyalty is
restored in the rebel States.
I think, sir, that under present circumstan-
ce.-; it is due to the country that we should give
them the assurance, such as the House of Rep-
resentatives has given in the resolution they
have sent to us, that we will not thus hastily
readmit to seats in the legislative bodies here
the representatives of constituencies who are
still hostile to the authority of the United Si ates,
and unwilling to cooperate with us in our legis-
lation. I think, sir, that such constituencies
are not entitled to be represented here. I ask
for the yeas and nays on the amendment which
is now pending.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Suppobingtlmuhisamend-
ment might not provoke any debate, I forbore
to state the purpose with which I offered it.
The Senator from Michigan in his remarks has
not touched the reasons'why I proposed the
amendment. It is from no opposition to what
I understand to be the purpose of the words
stricken out. That purpose I understand to be
that both Houses shall act in concert in any
measures which they may take for the recon-
struction of the States lately in rebellion. I
think that that object is eminently desirable ;
and not only that the two Houses shall act in
concert, but that Congress shall act in concert
with the Executive; that all branches of the
Government shall approach this great ques-
tion in a spirit of comprehensive patriotism,
with confidence in each other, with a concilia-
tory temper toward each other, and that each
branch of the Government and all persons in
each branch of the Government will be ready,
if necessary, to concede something of their own
views in order to meet the views of those who
are equally charged with the responsibility of
public affairs.
Mr. President, the words proposed to be
stricken out refer to the joint committee of the
two Houses of Congress matters which the Con-
stitution confides to each House separately.
Each House is made by the Constitution the
judge of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of its own members. Under this resolu-
tion, I apprehend, it would be necessary to refer
to this joint committee the credentials of per-
sons claiming seats in this body, referringthem
not only to a committee composed in part of
others than members of this body, but com-
posed of a majority of others than members of
this body. I know it may be aigued that this
contemplates the reference only of the question
whether a State has a right to be represented,
not the question whether a person, claiming to
represent it has a right to represent it, and
perhaps that construction might obtain: but at
least the resolution, as it reads, is open to a
doubtful construction, and that the Senate
should avoid.
There is one other reason why I move this
amendment, and that is that the resolution pro-
vides that papers shall be referred to this com-
mittee without debate. This is contrary to the
practice of the Senate. The House of Cej.re-
sentativesbasfound if necessary, for the orderly
transaction of its business, to put limitations
upon debate, lier.ee the previous question and
the hour rule; but the Senate has always re-
sisted every proposition of this kind, and lias
submitted to any inconvenience rather than
check free discussion. Senators around me,
who were here in the minority, felt that the right
of debate was a very precious one to them at
that time; and as it was not taken from them,
they are not disposed to take it from the mi-
nority now. 1. myself should have no objection
to limiting debate if I thought the Senate would
agree with me.
In the watches of this Chamber I have often
wished that some divine power would temper
the strength of lungs in the speaker to the en-
durance of the ears of the hearers; but the
opinion of the Senate, on that point has been
too often and too decidedly expressed to leave
any doubt of its policy : therefore, I thought it
was best that that portion of the resolution
should be stricken out. ri.he purpose of all
that is stricken out can be effected by the sep-
arate action ofthe two Houses, if thrvshaii so
elect. I he House of Representative? having
passed this resolution by a great vote, will un-
doubtedly adopt in a separate resolution what
is here stricken out ; and except so far as re-
lates to the credentials of Senators, and so far
as relatesio the restriction upon debate. I .-hall,
it this amendment be adopted ami the resolu-
tion passed, offer a resolution substantially de-
claring it to be the. opinion of the Senate that,
until this committee reports, presuming it. will
report in a reasonable time, no action should
