1B66.
THE CONGRESSIONAL <2L0Bfi.
every man to life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness."
But, sir, that statement rests upon higher
authority than that of the .President of the
United States. • It rests lipon the authority of
the whole people of the United States, speak-
ing through their Constitution as it has come
to us from the hands of the men who framed
it. The words of that great instrument are :
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States."
No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
property, without due process of law."
• What do gentlemen say to these provisions £
" Oh, we favor that; we agree with the Presi-
dent that the basis of the American system is
the right of every man to life, liberty, and the
pursuit of happiness : wo agree that the Con-
stitution declares the right of every citizen of
the United States to the enjoyment of all priv-
ileges and immunities of citizens in the sev-
eral States, and of all persons to be protected
in life, liberty, and property."
Gentlemen admit the force of the provisions
in the bill of rights, that the citizens of the
United State? shall be entitled to all the priv-
ileges-and immunities of citizens of the United
States in the several States, and^that no person
shall be deprived of life, liberty;" or property
•without due process of law ; but they say, "We
  are opposed to its enforcement by act of Con-
gress under an amended Constitution, as pro-
posed." That is the sum and substance of all
the argument that we have heard on this sub-
ject. Why are gentlemen opposed to the en-
forcement of the bill of rights, as proposed?
Because they aver it.would interfere with the
reserved lights of the States! Who ever before
heard that any State had reserved to itself the
right, under the Constitution of the United
States, to withhold from any citizen of the Uni-
ted States within its limits, under any pretext
whatever, any of the privileges of a citizen of
the United States, or to impose upon him, no
matter from what State he may have come, any
burden contrary to that provision of the Consti-
tution which declares that the citizen shall be
entitled in the several States to all the immu-
nities of a citizen of the United States?
What does the word immunity in your Con-
stitution mean ? Exemption from unequal bur-
dens. Ah! say gentlemen who oppose this
amendment, we are not opposedto equal rights;
we are not opposed to the bill of rights that all
shall be protected alike in life, liberty, andprop-
erty : we are only opposed to enforcing it by
national authority, even by the consent of the
loyal people of all the States.
Mr. HOG BUS. Will the gentleman yield to
ipe ?
Mr. vBINGIiAM. The gentleman must
excuse me.
Mr. ROGERS. Only for a question. I only
wish to know what you mean by " due process
of law."
Mr. BINGHAM. I reply to the gentleman,
the courts have settled that long ago, and the
gentleman can go and read their decisions.
- Mr. HALE. Allow me to put a question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Excuse me. Mr. Speaker,
we have had some most extraordinary argu-
ments against the adoption of the proposed
amendment. Amongst others we have the
argument of the gentleman from Xew Jersey,
[Mr. Hogcks.] that he is opposedto it because
he says it comes from a joint committee more
tyrannical than any tyranny which disgraced
the times of Eouis XLV. 1 do not see, if the
amendment be good, that that is any objection
to its adoption. The gentleman seemed to think
it was an objection.. He must have spoken
sportively ; he must have spoken ironically
of the committee of which the gentleman him-
self is a member. Thegentleman unwittingly
echoed the speech made at the other end of the
avenue, and I regiet to say by the President,
ill V, Inch lie denounced to a party of the_gentle-
rcian's choosing this joint committee ot recon-
struction, raised bv the action of both Houses
of Congress, as a central dictator unconstitu-
tional and unauthorized by law. Y\ hy, sir, if
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 69. -
the gentleman was not speaking sportively, if
he was not speaking ironically, one would sup-
pose he would make haste to withdraw himself
from all connection with such a committee as
that of which he thus speaks. Surely the gen-
tleman does not mean by this denunciation of
the committee to boast, like certain men of
eighteen ce'nturies ago, that he is better than
other men, who lifted up their hands and thanked
God that they were not like other men. If
that be the gentleman's opinion of himself, it
is.time he should exclaim, " My soul, be not
thou united with their assembly or sit in the
council of the ungodly!"
We have the extraordinary argument of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kaxdall,]
that Liowever just the amendment may be we
ought not to pass it in the absence of the Repre-
sentatives of the eleven States lately in insur-
rectionagainstlhe country. Mr. Speaker, when
the gentleman comes to reflect upon that re-
mark of his he will see by using it he casts an
imputation upon the very men who framed the
matchless Constitution of the country under
which we are. assembled here to-day. It was
written in the" Articles of Confederation that
they "should be articles of perpetual Union"
between the original thirteen States who were
parties to it. It was written in the Constitu-
tion that, if adopted by nine States, it should
become the Constitution for those nine States,
the covenant of the Articles of Confederation
to the contrary notwithstanding. It thence
resulted that the Constitution did become the
supreme law of some ten States, in the absence
of assent thereto on the part of three, and in
direct violation of the express covenant of the
Confederation itself. And when the question
was asked of one of the fathers of the Con-
stitution, how can you break up the Confed-
eration without the consent of all the States,
and against the protest of some of them ; how
can you break the covenant, ''of perpetual
Union" under the Articles of Confederation?
ho gave for answer, that the right of the peo-
ple to self-preservationjustiiies it; it rests upon
the transcendent right of nature, and nature's
God. 'That right is still in the people and has
justified their action through all this trial. It
is the inherent right of the people. It gannot
bo taken from them. It has survived the storms
and tempests of this great conflict of arms.
Hence, if the gentleman's logic be true, that
you cannot amend the Constitution without
the assent "of Representatives in Congress of
the rebel States, you could not have passed
any bill during all these four years of war,
if iWtTected in any sense the interests of the
eleven rebel States. . .
In that objection the gentleman, like the gen-
tleman who preceded him, is simply following
the argument of the President, who has said
something of that kind in his veto message of
the Freedmou's Bureau bill*
We have, then, sir, the calmer and more de-
liberate utterance of the honorable gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Hale.] He says that
the Constitution does contemplate equality in
the protection of the rights of life, liberty, and
property in every State. He admits it does
contemplate that the citizen of each State shall
be entitled to all the privileges and immunities
of citizens in the several States. It will be
noticed, the gentleman takes care not to utter
one single word in opposition to that part of
the amendment which seeks the enforcement
of the second scction of the fourth article of
the Cqnstuation of the Untied States, but by
his silence he gives his assent to it. But the
gentleman reiterates the old cry of State rights,
and says, '-You are impairing State rights."
I would like to know, and when the gentleman
comes to make another argument on this sub-
ject, I respectfully askliim to inform us whence
he derives the authoi^ty for supposing, if he
does so suppose, that any State has the right to
deny to a citizen of any oilier State any ot die
pri\ ileges or immunities of a citizen of the Lni-.
tod States. And if a State has not the right to
do that, how can the right of a State be im-
paired by giving to the people of the United
States hy gonstitutional amendment the power .
"by congressional enactment to enforce this pro-
vision of their Constitution ?' '
The gentleman, did not utter a.word againsf
the equal right of all citizens of tfce"~Unitedt
States in every State to all .privileges and im-
munities of citizens, and I know any_ Siwh.
denial by any State would be condemned by
every sense of his nature. If a State h&s not
the right to deny equal protection to'any human
being under the Constitution of this c.ountryin
the rights of life, liberty, and property, how
can State rights be impaired by penal prohi-
bitions of such denial as proposed ?
But, says the gentleman, if you adopt this
amendment you give to Congress the power to .
enforce all the rights of married women in the
several States. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
He need not be alarmed at the condition of
married women. Those rights which are uni-
versal and independent of all local State legis-
lation belong, by the gift of God, to every wo-
man, whether married or single. The rights of
life and liberty are theirs whatever States -may.
enact. But the gentleman's concern is as to
the right of property in married women.
Although this word property has been in your
bill of rights from the year 1789 lint* tliis hour,
who ever'hearditintimated.that anybody could
have property protected in any State until ha
owned or acquired property there according to
its local law or according to the law of some
other State which he may have carried thither?
I undertake to say no one. <-
As to real estate, every one knows that its
acquisition and transmision under every inter-
pretation ever given to the word property, as
used in the Constitution of tile country, are de-
pendent exclusively upon the local law of the
States, save under a direct grant of the United
States. But suppose any person has acquired
property riot contrary to the laws of the State,
but in accordance with its law, are they not to
be equally protected in the enjoyment of it, or
are they to be denied all protection ? That is
the question, and the whole question, so far as
that part of the ease is concerned.*
The gentleman seemed to think that all per-
sons could have remedies for all violations of
their rights of "life, liberty, and property" in
the Federal courts. *
I ventured to ask him yesterday when any
action of that sort was ever maintained in any
of the Federal courts of the United States to
redress the great wrong which has been prac-
ticed, and which is being practiced now in more
States than one of the Union under the author-
ity of State laws, denying to citizens therein
equal protection or any protection in the rights
of life, liberty, and property.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; the gentleman
will please excuse mo.
Mr. HALE. If he is relating what took
place in the debate 
Mr. BINGHAM. I am relating what I
asked the gentleman yesterday.
Mr. HALE. In the debate?
Mr. BINGHAM. Y'es, sir, in the debate. A
gentleman on the other side interrupted me
and wanted to know if I could cite a decision
showing that the power of the Federal Govern-
ment to enforce in the United States courts the
bill of rights under the articles of amendment
to the Constitution had been denied. I answered
that 1 was prepared to introduce such decisions;
and that is exactly what makes plain the neces-
sity of adopting this amendment.
Mr. Speaker, on this subject I reler the
House and tto country to a decision ofjdie
Supreme Court, to be found in i Peters, 217, in
the case of Barron vs. The Mayor and City
Council of Baltimore, involving the question
whether the provisions of the fifth article of
the amendments to the Constitution are bind-
ing upon the State of Maryland and to lie
enforced in the Federal courts. The Chief
Justice says:
"The people of the United States framed such a
Government for the United States as they supposed
