1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.it
bo taken upon the representation of the States
lately in rebellion.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, under
other circumstances perhaps I should say noth-
ing upon this motion of the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island to amend the resolution of
the House of Representatives; but as the hon-
orable Senator irom Michigan makes earnest
objection to the adoption of the amendment
and has demanded the yeas and nays of the
Senate upon it, I certainly am not only at lib-
erty to express my views, but 1 feel that to do
so is a duty to myself, to the Senate, and to
the country; and I shall discharge that duty in
as brief terms as I can.
In my own judgment, sir, all of these great
questions concerning reconstruction, pacifica-
tion, and restoration of civil government in the
southern States, representation in this body, or
any tiling which concerns our Federal relations
with the several States, ought to be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. Such has
been the practice of this Government from the
beginning. Great questions of constitutional
law, questions concerning the relations of the
Union to the States and the States to the Union,
and above all, and without any exception, all
questions relating to representation in this body,
to its membership, have always been referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
The Judiciary Committee is constituted for
the very purpose of considering such questions,
and for no other purpose, i'rom its very or-
ganization, the Senate designs to make that com-
mittee its constitutional adviser—not that its
opinions are to bo conclusive or controlling on
the vote of any member of this body, like the
opinion of the bench of judges in the House of
Lords ; but its members are chosen in consid-
eration of their high professional ability, their
long experience, and well-known standing as
jurists, in order that their report upon constitu-
tional questions may be entitled to the highest
consideration. And, sir, if you look into the
organization of the Judiciary Committee ap-
pointed by the Senate at the present session,
what is it? There is the Senator from Illinois,
[ill-. Tnuirnui.L,] for years a judge of the su-
preme court of that State before he entered this
body, who for 1 en years and more has been a
faithful, laborious, distinguished member of that
committee, and for the last four years its chair-
man. And there sits my honorable friend from
New York, [Mr. Hai'.ris,] for twenty years be-
fore he came here, known and distinguished
among the able jurists and judges of that great
Sti\J.e.
There is upon that committee also the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Jonxsox,]
whom 1 do not now see in his seat, who, for
a quarter of a century and more, has borne a
high national reputation as among the ablest
jurists of this or any country, twice a Senator,
once the Attorney General of the United
States. And there is the honorable Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Poi.axd.] He has, it is
true, just entered this body, but his reputation
as a jurist preceded his coining, and he conies
here to fill the place in this Chamber, and is
put upon this Judiciary Committee to fill the
place of him, of whom I will say without dis-
paragement to any that he was the ablest ju-
rist of us all—the late distinguished Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. CoLLAXim:.] And there is
the Senator from Now Hampshire, [Mr. Ciaut:,]
from the far East, and the Sennior from Ne-
vada [Mr. Stewaut] from ""the Pacific coast,
and the Senator from Indiana [Mr. IjxxiiricksJ
from the central region, each of whom stands
eminent in the profession in the Stale which
he represents, and all of whom are recognized
here among the ablest jurists of this body.
Mr, President, there is nothing in the history
of the Senate, there is nothing in the constitu-
tion of this committee, which would send these
great constitutional questions for advisement
and consideration to any other committee than
the Committee on the Judiciary. To place
their consideration in the hands of a commit-
tee which is beyond the contiol of the Senate,
is to distrust ourselves: and to vote to send
their consideration to any other committee is
equivalent to a vote of want of confidence in
,the Judiciary Committee.
But, sir, some gentlemen have said and
urged with great pertinacity, if not with force,
that from courtesy, a sense of propriety toward
the other House in this peculiar case, we ought
to consent to send the consideration of this
question to a joint committee of the two Houses.
When my friends with whom I have associated
in political action have urged this consideration
upon me, in order to secure harmonious action,
I confess that I have so far yielded my judg-
ment as to give way to the appointment of a
joint committee, provided that in that joint
committe'e, as it should be established by the
two Houses, the Senate should maintain its
equality, and there should be 110 substantial
objection to the powers conferred upon the
committee itself.
This brings me to the consideration of the
joint resolution as it came from the House of
Representatives; and 1 ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the resolution as it was
passed by the House of Representatives.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the reso-
lution as it camefromthe House of Represent-
atives to the Senate was a joint resolution,
and, if passed by this body in that form, would
have required the signature of the President,
and in that event it would have become the law
of the land, binding upon both Houses of Con-
gress and upon the whole Government, until
repealed by the joint action of the two Houses
with the concurrence of the Executive. That,
however, by the amendment first offered by
the Senator from Rhode Island, has been ob-
viated, and by die language of the resolution
as it nor/" stands amended it is a resolution of
concurrence only, not requiring, according to
the practice of the Government, the signature
of the President.
But, sir, I object to this resolution in the
first place, because upon these great questions
which are to go to the joint committee the
Senate does not stand upon nil equality with
the House. This resolution provides that, of
the joint committee of fifteen, nine shall be
appointed by the House of Representatives,
six only by the Senate, giving to the House
portion of the committee a majority of three.
We all know that in joint committees the mem-
bers vote, not as the representatives of the two
Houses, but per capita. The vote of a mem-
ber of the committee from the House weighs
precisely the same as the vote of a member of
the committee from the Senate; so that to all
intents and purposes, if we pass this concurrent
resolution, which we cannot repeal but by the
concurrence of the other House, we place the
consideration of these grave questions in the
hands of a committee which v> e cannot control
and in which we lia\e no equal voice.
Mr. President, another objection to the res-
olution as it came from the House, and a strong
reason why 1 liivor the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Rhode Island, is that the
resolution in its terms reaches even beyond
the present Congress. Sir, have you carefully
. studied this language, which would seem almost
to have been employed for the purpose rafher
of disguising its hidden meaning than of giving
full utterance to the truth? The resolution
provides that, in ease this committee shall for
any reason make no report, or if for any reason
Congress, which includes both Houses, shall
not take final action thereon, the restrictive
clause goes into effect  ■> a lav, and what is its
provision ? It providr s ! >y law that, in the hap-
pening of that contingeecT, that failure to act,
no one of the eleven States of the Unired States
shall send a Representative to either House of
Congress. It would be binding on the Senate
until repealed, beyond the present Congress;
it would bind us in the next Congress and bind
us in the Congress after that. It would be of
perpetual binding obligation forever until re-
pealled by act of Congress.
Sir, \ihat would have been thought of the
joint icsolution raiding the committee on the
conduct of the war if there had been contained
in it a provision similar to this, which'the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island moves to strike out,;
and which the Senator from Michigan insists
shall be retained, and upon which he calls the
yeas and nays of the Senate? ■ Suppose that "iii
that joint resolution there had been a provisio'n
declaring that until the joint committee on the
conduct of the war should make their filial
report, and Congress should take final g,etidn
thereon, neither House of Congress should t'&Me
any action-on the subject of can-ying:on' the war,
and that every paper relating to that subject
should be referred to that committee without
debate ? Monstrousas such aproposition-would
liave been, it might perhapshave been within
the purview of the Constitution for us to ado]it
it; but on the subject of representation in thi3
body, it is not within our constitutional power
to delegate our power to any other body, or to
any committee which we ourselves do not con-
trol.
Mr. President, I believe that under the Con-
stitution, upon all subjects of legislation but
one, the two Houses are equal and coordinate
branches of Congress. That one relates to their
representation in the bodies, to their member-
ship, that which constitutes their existence,,
which is essential to their life and their inde-
pendence. That is confided to each House, arid
to each House alone, to act for itself. It judges
for itself upon the elections, returns, and quali-
fications of its members. It judges, it admits,
it punishes, it expels. It cannot share that re-
sponsibility with any other department of the
Government. It can no more share it with the
other House than it can share it with the Su-
preme Court or with the President. It is a
matter over which its jurisdiction is exclusive
of every other jurisdiction. It is a matter in
which its decisions, right or wrong, are abso-
lute and without appeal. Sir, in my opinion
the Senate of the United States cannot give to
a committee beyond its control this question
of the representation in this body, without a
loss of its self-respect, its dignity, its inde-
pendence ; without an abandonment of its con-
stitutional duty and a surrender of its constitu-
tional powers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Scmxer,] an
amendment being moved to it by the Senator
from Maryland, ]"Mr. Jqjixsox.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to lay that aside
•until the Senator from Wisconsin finishes his
remarks.
Mr. SUMNER. I observe that the Senator
from Maryland is not in his seat, and there-
fore I should not think of proceeding with that
resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us go on and close
this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin will proceed with his
remarks if there bo no objection. Tho un-
finished business of yesterday will be laid
aside.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, there is
another provision in this resolution as it stands.
11, not only takes from the Senate all power to
act ovi r this subject until this committee shall
report and Congress shall take final action, but
it declares that' we shall refer every paper to
tho committee without debate. Yes, sir. the
I Senate of the United States is to be led like a
1 lamb to the slaughter, bound hand and foot,
! shorn of its constitutional power, and gagged,
j dumb, like the sheep brought to the block!
! is this the condition to which the Senator from
j Michigan proposes to reduce the Senate of the
■ United Slates by insisting upon'such a provis-
S ion as that contained in the resolution as it
1 comes from the House of Representatives?
Mr. President, there is a still graver objec-
tion to this resolution as it stands. The pro-
vision that, "until such report shall have been
made and finally acted onby Congress, no mem-
ber shall be received into either House from
any of tho so-called confederate States,'- is a
