1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2049
his name upon every hotel register the letters
"D. Q. M. G," after which,^ on one occasion,
a mischievous fellow following him wrote as
the explanation or translation, "Damned quick-
made general!" [Laughter.]
Now, if I can avoid it? I want no more of
these " D. Q. II. G.'s," "A. Q. M. G.'s," "A.
Q. M.'s," and "A. A. G.'s." Now when we
have an opportunity, upon a general reorgani-
zation of the Array, I think it would be better,
without legislating anybody out or anybody in,
(for this bill is made with reference to the
Army establishment, and not to persons, how-
ever ocntleinen may mistake it in that respect,)
to simplify names as well as other things, so
far as we can, taking care that in doing so no
injustice shall be done. If this idea should
prevail, gentlemen will find me ready to meet
them more than half way in the effort to pro-
vide against any such consequences as they
apprehend.
Now, sir, one word more before I close. I
am not surprised at the warmth which is man-
ifested whenever a finger is laid upon one of
these bureaus or staff departments. It is a
difficulty which wc have encountered whenever
there has been any attempt at legislation upon
the subject of the Army, and which is every
day increasing, that while our legislation is
generally satisfactory to the line officers, the
men in the field, the men at the front, the men
who do the hard work out-of-doors, we are
surrounded by gentlemen just as good, just as
industrious, just as laborious, who, however,
being situated here at the center, are ready to
watch our proceedings, and unless wc take care
to refrain from doing anything which shall inter-
fere in any way with their pierogatives or their
cum enieuce or their comfort, we have the whole
of them using their influence against us.
And these gentlemen exercise very deserv-
edly a great deal of influence. There are
stationed in and about this city in the various
Departments and bureaus, some hundreds of
officers, each one of whom has his official, his
personal, his social, his moral influence, which
we all feel. I know a vast number of them,
having, perhaps, as large a circle of acquaint-
ance (and very pleasant acquaintance) among
them as almost anybody else. But I declare
here now that this sort of social and official
and personal influence shall not, if I can help
it, influence me in reference to the legislation
which I may deem best for the general inter-
ests of the whole country.
in regard to these bureaus, let me say, for-
mer legislation has tended to attract men to
Washington. I prefer the tendency of this
bill and sucli other measures of reform as the
'Committee on Military Affairs desire to pro-
pose, which will have rather a centrifugal than
a centripetal influence upon these gentlemen.
1 admit they must many of tliem bo here, and
arc highly useful in being here, but at the same
time I say a great many of tliem under this
influence, or by our legislation which has stolen
upon us, degree by degree, arc here occupy-
ing places in these bureaus, not exactly the
place for soldiers. There are men here in this
city in these various bureaus who have been
content to sit at their desk while the war was
■ going on, engaged in cop} ing records, indors-
ing papers, and other kindred occupations which
might as well have been done, and as well done,
perhaps, by intelligent clerks. I do not wish
to continue that system of influence if 1 can
help it. I wish to reduce the number of per-
sons employed as officers as low as possible,
i wish men educated at Vv~est Point, and well
educated in all that relates to military knowl-
edge, shall not, because they have been_ edu-
cated at our expense and after a term of four
years' service there, good engineers, good gun-
ners, full of the knowledge of military tactics,
be employed simply as clerks.
There will be other features in this bill to
which this same objection will be made, and I
have thought it proper to say this much in
advance. It will be found when we come to
the subsistence department and the pay dopart-
39th Gong. 1st Sess.—No. 129.
ment we have made a like provision in regard
to them. We do not believe that men educated
for four years at West Point, at the Govern-
ment expense, should be selected for the pur-
pose of inspecting crackers and buying beef.
This is the general effect of the kind of legis-
lation this committee propose, and it is for the
House to say whether they will sustain us in
that line of legislation or not. I do not believe
the Adjutant General's department should be
increased.
•The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, reported
back Senate bill No. 125, granting aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the town of Folsom to the town of Pla-
cerville, in the State of California, and moved
that it be printed and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois, _ moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following bills ; which were sev-
erally read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia:
A hill to authorize a special tax for the pur-
pose of improving the Washington city canal;
and
A bill to incorporate the Washington Canal
Company in the District of Columbia, and for
other purposes.
Mr. WASITBIJRNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bills were
referred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC TIATLKOAD AGAIN.
Mr. HOLMES, by unanimous consent, moved
that House bill No. 455, to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from Great
Salt Lake City to the Colorado river, and to
secure to the Government of the United States
the use of thesameforpostal, military, andother
purposes, be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
HHF U \ MX G DUTIES.
On motion of Mr. MORUILL, Senate bill
No. 255, to remit and refund certain duties
was taken from the Speaker's table, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider'be laid upon the table.
The jatter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE GRANTED.
On motion of Mr. WARD, leave of absence
was granted for one week to Mr. Eoklcy.
j WASHINGTON SE Willi AND CANAL COMPANY.
| On motion of Mr. WARD, Senate bill No.
| 190, to incorporate the Washington Sewer and
; Canal Company, was taken from the Speaker s
table, ordered to be printed, and referred to
] the Committee for the District of Columbia.
CONDITION OF THE SOCXII.
Mr. DELANO. T ask the unanimous eon-
sent of the House to offer the following reso-
tion :
Jlrmh'd, That the President of the United States
be requested to furnish the House of Representa-
tives with any additional reports or information he
may have received relative to the, condition qt the
southern people and the States lately m rebellion.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
PAi" OF POST CHAPLAINS.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, in relation to the pay of post
chaplains in the United States Army ; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. MILLER also presented a_ joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature of Penns3'lvania, in re-
lation to the equalization of bounties ; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. CONKLING,
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
PETITION'S, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of Messrs. Os-
born, Niles, Tcegarden, Seymour. Hannah. Freder-
ickson, and many others, business men of Laporto, In-
diana, asking legislation in regard to inter-State
insurance regulations.
By Mr. BAXXEll: The petition of Henry Thorp,
and 52 others, of Charlotte, Vermont, asking addi-
tional duties bo assessed oil foreign wool.
By Mr. BEAM AN: The petition of It . B. Robbins,
and 321 others, citizens of Adrian, Michigan, and
vicinity, praying for an equalization of bounties to
volunteers.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The petitions of Charles J.
Tax, William Moore, John Martin, J. S. Potts,
George Wirtz, and 730 others, citizens of Harrison
county, Ohio, asking efficient protection to Ameri-
can wool. „ „ , ^
By Mr. CONICLING: The petition of S. A. Bunce,
and others, as to inter-State insurance.
Also, the petition of eit.17.ens ot Cayuga county,
NcwYork, 0; k) iva that lumber be relieved from duty.
Bv Mr. D0XN1SLLY: A petition from citizens of
St. Paul. Minnesota, in favor of just and equal laws
tor the regulation of inter-State insurances.
Also, a petition from citizens of Bioomington, Min-
nesota, in favor of an increase of the tariff upon wool.
Also, a remonstrance of citizens of Hastings, Min-
nesota, a'-rainstthe obstruction of the free navigation
of the Mississippi river by the construction of a
bridge at Clinton.
Bv Mr, DRIUGS: The petition of Dr. Duffield, Hon.
If. P. Baldwin, mid GO oth ors, citizens ot Detroit. Mich-
igan, lor such a liberal extension of a railroad land
grant to the State of Michigan aswill secure the com-
pletion of a load to connect with Lake Superior.
Bv Sir. LTtULESTON : The petition of Nancy Ma-
son, Sally Brake, and Maxfield Huston, as heirs of •
Colonel William Crawford, praying for relief from
Government m consequence of services rendered bv
Colonel Crawlord against the Wyandotte tribe ot In-
dians in 1782. ...
Bv Mr. ELDEIDGE: The petition of 100 citizens
of Sheboygan county, Wisconsin, for an increase of
ten cents per pound and ten per cent, ad valorem on
wool imported into the United States.
By Mr. GAEFIELD • The petition of 1,412 citizens
of Trumbull county. Ohio, asking lor increased pro-
tection ol American wool.
Also, the petition of L. M. lurk, and ,1 others, citi-
zens o! Bmith township. Mahoning county, Ohio, pray-
ing for increased piotection on Amcnean wool.
By Mr. GRIDEH: The petition of citizens of Mot-
ealt countv, Kentucky, in behalf ol David Phillpot.
By Mr. LOMJl'EAR: The remonstrance of John
Thompson, and 71 others, citizens of Jackson, Michi-
gan. against an oxten-ion of the Amboy, Lansing,
and Trai erse Bay railroad land grant to the company
of that name.
Bv M r. MORRIS: The remonstrance of Hon. J ames
C. Smith, and other eminent lawyers of Ontario
countv, Xew York, against the passage of the bill to
reorganize the .Federal judiciary now before the
House of Representatives.
Also, two petitions numerously signed by wool-
growers of Ontario county, New York, asking for an
increase of duty on imported wool. ,
Also, concurrent resolution ot the Legislature Ol
the State of New York, requesting the benators: and
Representatives in Congress from the State ol New
York to propose and vote for a law for paying the
adjudicated claims of the militia who served m the
war of 1S12. . . .~-r.Tr .p
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of G. P. Hewitt &
Son, and 22 others, firms of Milwaukee, tor modifica-
tion of excise tax on stoves.
Also resolutions on the subicet of reconstruction
of late' rebel Suites, adopted at a meeting of citizens
of Rome, Wisconsin. , _ .
By Mr. PRICE : The petition of citizens of Daven-
port, Iowa, asking tor the enactment of just and
equal laws for the regulation of inter-State insur-
ance ; of ail kinds. . . .
Bv Mr. RICE, of Maine : The petition of Aaamj
II. 'Merrill, and oihers. of Maine, asking repeal ot
law exnetmg interna! tax on rr,(ding-slates.
By Mr SC0FIELD. Joint resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania, ill favor of equalizing boun-
lii'* to ^olvliers. „ „ .
Al^o. a joint resolution in favor of increasing1 tne
number of Army no«t chaplain*. . mj,.
Bv Mi.WASlLBLEX. of Massachusetts: The pefci
tion of Luko Lyman, and 8o others citmns o:f the
Connecticut valley, in Massachusetts dealers ana
growers of tobacco and manufacturer.of cigar^ as
ing that the duties on ^SVateT and
p Al!so™t pftitio? oTs?S Hubbard, and 83 others.
