1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3011
of this language is. I suggest, therefore,
whether we had not better adjourn and settle
it in the morning. We all desire the same
thing, I suppose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We had better get
through with these amendments and have the
resolution reported to the Senate, and then
we can amend this proposition afterward, if
necessary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we are not likely
to get through them, because there is a con-
troversy arising, and if we have got to change
them we had better have a little time to con-
sider them.
•-'Mr. CLARK. I suggest that we have the
resolution reported to the Senate, and then we
shall luive time to change it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nothing will be gained
by that.
Mr. CLARK. We shall get through one
stage of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ I shall not make a
motion to adjourn if it is objected to, but I
think wo might as well adjourn.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before the Senator
makes his motion to adjourn, I desire, if this
amendment must be adopted, to move an
amendment to it. I move to strike out the
words—
But whenever tlie right to vote at any election
beld under the Constitution and laws of the United
States, or of any State, is denized to any of the male
inhabitants of such Scate, being twenty-one years
of age—
And to insert:
But whenever the right to vote for Governor,
judges, or members of either branch of the Legis-
lature is denied by any State to any of its male in-
habitants being twenty-one years of ago, &c.
That will certainly include all general offi-
cers of a State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does, not include
Representatives to Congress.
Mr. HENDERSON. _ The Senator from
Maine seems to be laboring under the impres-
sion that that does not include Representatives
to Congress. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sena-
tor whether he had not better let the amend-
ment of the Senator from Oregon be adopted,
and then move his proposed amendment when
we get into the Senate, and it can be consid-
ered to-morrow morning.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to correct the
Senator. The Senator labored under an error
when he said that that amendment would not
apply to the election of members of Congress.
The subject-matter that we are talking about
now is the qualification of voters. I say that
the qualification of voters shall be of ascertain
characterfor the election of members of either
branch of the State Legislature. The Consti-
tution, as it now stands upon that subject, pro-
vides in the second section of the first article
that—•
" The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States; and the electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
Therefore, when you fix the qualification of
voters for the most numerous branch or the
lower branch of the State Legislature, you fix
the qualification of voters for members of Con-
gress. You do not propose to alter the Con-
stitution on that subject. The Senator is mis-
taken in another proposition—that it will not
apply to an election held under the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States. The only
election that can be held under the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States is for mem-
bers of Congress. There is bnt one other case,
and that is the election of Electors who elect
the President; but those Electors, as now pro-
vided by the Constitution, are to be elected by
the State in any manner it chooses. A State
may provide that the State Senate may elect
the Electors, or it may provide that the two
branches of the Legislature may elect them.
In South Carolina they are never elected by
the people; and unless you alter the Consti-
tution on the subject the State Legislatures
will yet have the power to regulate that matter
entirely as they please, and this amendment
will not change it at all. There is, therefore,
but one election that can be held under the
Constitution and the laws of the United States,
and that is the election of members of the
lower branch of Congress, because Senators
are elected by the Legislatures. You cannot
conceive of another election held under the
Constitution and laws of the United States.
Hence I can see no necessity for saying, m this
amendment,'' whenever the right to vote in any
election held under the Constitution and laws
of the United States." Those words are super-
fluous, because you are fixing- only the qualifi-
cations of electors in one case under the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States ; that
is, of members to the lower branch of Con-
gress. Under the Constitution as it now stands,
those electors must have exactly the same qual-
ifications as electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature. Therefore,
we may as well say, "whenever the elective
franchise shall be denied to the persons who
elect the most numerous branch of the State
Legislature," and then, of course, you have
included those words " elected under the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States."
The Senate will see what I am aiming at. I,
do not want to get the people of my State in-
volved in any difficulty, nor the people of any
other State, and have the probability of exclud-
ing from the basis of representation, or oven
to have the charge made that that is the object
or intent of this tiling, to exclude from the
basis of representation those persons who may
fail to be electors at some school election.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri allow me to make a single remark hero
by way of interrogatory?
"Mr.'HENDERSON." Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. The proposition of the
Senator from Missouri is this, if I understand
it, that, whenever any persons shall be by the
legislation of a State excluded from voting for
members of either branch of the Legislature,
the persons so excluded shall not be embraced
in the basis of representation. Now, suppose
the State should fix one sort, of qualifications
for the voters who arc to vote for the most nu-
merous branch of the Legislature and a differ-
ent kind of qualifications for those who are to
vote for tholess numerous branch of the Legis-
lature, there would be a portion of the citizens
excluded in that case, would there not?
Mr. HENDERSON. The larger portion
would he excluded, of course, because it applies
to cither branch of the Legislature. The larger
number would bo excluded; that is, if one half
of the people were excluded from voting for
State senators, of course one "half would be
excluded from the basis of representation ; but
if one half were excluded in voting for a sen-
ator and only a tenth in voting for the other
House, one half would be excluded because the
State exclnded them in the election of sena-
tors. The-larger number would always be
excluded from the basis of representation.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to put it in
more tangible form. Suppose, for illustra-
tion's sake, that, the whole number in a State
of male citizens over the age of twenty-one is
one hundred thousand, and suppose that by
the laws of the State every one of those citi-
zens is allowed to vote for members of the
most numerous branch of its Legislature, and
that only fifty thousand of them are allowed
to vote for members of the upper or less nu-
merous House of the Legislature. YTou will
see, then, that there are fifty thousand citi-
zens of the State excluded from the right to
vote.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is so.
Mr. HOWARD. Are those fifty thousand
to be included or excluded from the basis of
representation in Congress?
Mr. HENDERSON. Under ray amend-
ment, they are excluded, because according to
that they must be qualified to vote for Gov-
ernor, judges, and members of both branches
of the Legislature or else they cannot go into
the basis of representation. My object was to
carry out the principle of the section proposed
by the committee, to make it apply to general,
political, and judicial officers, and not to make
it apply to all minor officers, because if so
applied, technically, in my State it would ex-
etude from the basis of representation two
thirds of the white people of the State.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator will see at
once that his scheme does not establish any
certain and fixed standard for the basis of
representation ; the elements entering into that
basis of representation are quite uncertain and
changeable.
Mr. GRIMES. In order to enable the Sen-
ators from Michigan and Missouri to come to
a satisfactory understanding on this subject, I
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on
a division—'20 ayes and 7 noes; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 7, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntoh.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
CANAL AND SEWERAGE COMPANY.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, owing to the
illness of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
F. Thojias,] 1 have agreed to move that the
further consideration of the bill to incorporate
the Washington Canal and Sewerage Company,
which was to come up this morning, shall be
postponed until Tuesday next, after the morn-
ing hour, at which time, as I understand, the
consideration of the bill will be proceeded
with.
The motion was agreed to.
ST. LOUIS AND CEDAR BAI'IDS RAILROAD.
Mr. WJNDOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill granting to the State of Jowa
lands in alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction of the St. Louis and Cedar Rapids
railroad ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
INDIAN EXPENSES.
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
llemlved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform Iho House what amount of money has been
expended for tho suppression of Indian hostilities
and for the various military expeditions against the
Indian tribes during the years 3W84 and 1865, stating
particularly the amounts expended in each year, and
each expenditure respectively.
ADJOURNMENT Of CONGRESS.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following joint resolution:
HaoJvrd lm the Senate and House of Ilrpresentatives,
&r„. That the Piesidentof the Senate and the Speak or
ofthe House of Representatives bo authorized to close
the present session by adjourning their respective
Houses on Thursday, the 2«th day of June, at twelve
o'clock in.
Mr. KELLEY. I object.
Mr. ANCONA. Is not this a privileged
question?
The SPEAKER. It is; but the House is
engaged in the consideration of the unfinished
business of last evening.
Mr. ANCONA. Can I not call it up at any
time?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can when-
ever the House is not engaged in the transac-
tion of other business, The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Raymond] is entitled to the
floor on the unfinished business of last evening.
Mr. ANCONA. Then I demand the regu-
lar oider of business.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. 1 ask the gen-
! tleman to allow me to introduce a bill for ref-
erence.
Mr. ANCONA. T yield for that purpose.
forest culture.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to secure homesteads
to actual settlers upon the public domain and
