3972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
committee reported against. it. For that rea-
son I am opposed to granting to this company
a work which there is no probability that this
other road can do—a tunnel which is to cost
$1,000,000, nearly as much as their whole
road will cost. The effect of it is nothing more
than to giye to the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road the opportunity of doing it and control-
ling this tunnel and the other road. I am
afraid that the Alexandria company will not
do it, and I am opposed to givmg it to the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think my friend from
Nevada does not exactly understand what the
object of this improvement is. It is not for
the benefit of the Baltimore and Ohio road.
Mr. NYE. I suppose it is to make a con-
nection between the Baltimore and Ohio road
and the Alexandria road.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is to make the connec-
tion between the North and the South. The
difficulty in which this Alexandria company is
placed, from what I have seen and heard from
some of those interested in it, is not that the
company was not originally sound and would
not have been able to complete this work, but
that they may not be able to do it ncns^ There
has been a fraudulent over-issue of stock to the
amount of several hundred thousand dollars/^
Whether that was done under circumstanojit
binding upon the company, I am not prepared
to say ; but I am inclined to think, notwith-
standing their embarrassed condition, that they
will be able to make this improvement. But
if they should not do it. it is now proposed to
authorize.the Baltimore and'Ohio company to
make the improvement. It seems to me that
ought to be done. It will not interfere with
the bill which is now before Congress, and
which will be acted upon, I suppose, at the
next session, to authorize a company chartered
by Maryland to run a line from the peninsula,
on Maryland soil, beginning opposite Aequia
creek, through certain counties in that State, to
come here, if Congress think proper to author-
ize them to come here; nor if that company
should come here would it answer the purpose
which this will answer, provided the improve-
ment is made—a continuous uninterrupted line
of travel from New Orleans to New York and
Boston.
Mr. NYE. I think it entirely unnecessary
to put any company to this enormous expense
for the purpose of making the connection be-
tween these two railroads in this city. The
avenue of this city through which they propose
to run is a very wide avenue, and there has
been a railroad running through it since 1861.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senate have
already decided that they shall not have a
continuance of that right. The Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessexdex] objected to allowing
them to run their cars there any longer, and
said they should not, if he could prevent it,
until we provided for this work.
Mr. NYE. I do not know that that neces-
sarily determines it.
Mr. HENDERSON. The bill was postponed
by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I do not know, even though the
bill has been postponed, that that necessarily
determines the question, and I do know that
any one objection to it necessarily postpones
it. But, sir, I assert that there is no necessity
whatever, consulting the safety and the inter-
ests of this city, for the company to spend one
or two million dollars in tunneling under the
public grounds for the purpose of forming a
connection with this Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road. There are many of our cities, such as
Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse, and Utica, cities
as populous as this and with much narrower
streets, through which railroad trains run with
entire safety to the public and entire safety to
person. I insist upon it that it is wrong for
Congress to impose such a condition upon any
company as the making of this enormous out-
lay for the purpose of forming this connection
between the North and the South.
I have another objection to it. The Baltimore
and Ohio railroad is the controlling monopoly
of this section of our country, and they will not
allow—if their power is sufficient to resist it—
any other railroad to come into this District.
If we propose to build from here to New York
an air-line railroad, over which passengers can
go with more speed and more safety, we are
met here by the Baltimore and Ohio railroad,
who oppose it. When the line, of which the
Senator from Maryland speaks, comes here, as
it has been here all the winter to my knowledge,
asking permission to run into this District with
that railroad, the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
oppose it; but the Baltimore sfnd Ohio road
can get permission to go anywhere they please,
under ground or above ground, almost, and to
connect their road with the West anywhere.
The Baltimore and Ohio road are omnipotent.
Now, this poor concern that my friend from
Maryland says has been defrauded out of sev-
eral hundred thousand dollars—-
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand so; I do not
know that it is so.
Mr. NYE. I have no doubt it is true ; and
assuming it to be true, the committee impose
upon that poor, defrauded skeleton of a com-
pany the necessity of spending one or two mil-
lion dollars to make.a tunnel, which they know
they will not make. What is it for ? It is to give
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad the supreme
command of all the railroads that come into
this District. That is what it means in plain
English. ' I desire to enter my protest against
it. I insist upon it that there shall be a vote
by yeas and nays on this amendment, and the
views of the Senate expressed upon it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I must confess the
greatest astonishment I have ever felt in my
life at the remarks of the Senator from Ne-
vada. I am profoundly astonished. I feel
anxious to have this connection between the
Baltimore and Ohio road and some road lead-
ing to the South. The whole committee have
felt the greatest anxiety upon that subject dur-
ing the winter, and we have put our heads to-
gether to devise some plan by which it can be
done. The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
bull] a short time ago introduced a bill for the
purpose of extending the public grounds; and
it is pefectly apparent, if the capital is to re-
main here, and the legislation of this session
shows it, that in the course of a few years all
these public grounds will be improved, and
then the idea of the Senator that railroad trains
can be run across the public grounds is per-
fectly monstrous. He must know that the
Senate will not permit it; that the House of
Representatives will not permit it; and if we
are to have any connection at all between the
Washington branch of the Baltimore and Ohio
road and the roads south of the Potomac river
we must make it by a tunnel or permit them
to run through the city. The Senator knows,
just as well as he knows anything, that the city
of Baltimore will not permit cars drawn by
steam to pass through the city. No other city
permits it. He knows that the city of Philadel-
phia does not permit it. He knows perfectly well
that the trains have to be backed around the city
of Philadelphia and across a bridge in order to
get from here to New York. The city of Balti-
more compels the Baltimore and Ohio and the
Philadelphia and Wilmington Railroad Compa-
nies to run their cars by horse power through
the streets of Baltimore. The city of Wash-
ington for the last two years has granted per-
mission to this company to run through the
city. We passed an act, saying that if the city
of Washington granted them the privilege we
would do so, and by permission of Congress
and the city of Washington they have been
allowed to run their cars by steam in front
of the Capitol, but it has given rise to a good
deal of complaint, and will not be permitted
long, especially after the improvement.of the
Capitol grounds, and the Senator ought to
know it.
Now,_Mr. President, I never had any idea
of permitting or asking the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Cpmpany to do this work; but Mr.
Garrett came down here a few days ago and I
saw him, and I begged'of him if he .would
undertake to do this work to do it; hut Mr.
Garrett is just as much opposed to it as the
Senator from Nevada.
Mr. NYE. Why were you astonished, then?
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not at all aston-
ished at that. Mr. Garrett does not want to
build this road if he can avoid it. The Sena-
tor talks about the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road. I have nothing in the world to do with
that road; I am no attorney for it; but I want
to get this work done; and if I can persuade
Mr. Garrett to undertake a work which will
cost $1,000,000, and which will perhaps never
be worth a cent to his company—I do not know
that it will—I will do it in order to get rid of
the steam cars on the streets of Washington
city, and in order to get a continuous line by
steam, from North to South, which I consider
a matter of great importance. But Mr. Garrett
is opposed to doing it at the expense of his
company, and one reason that he suggested
was that our committee this winter has com-
pelled him to go to work and build a railroad
from here to the Point of Rocks, at a cost of
six or seven million dollars, when they have
now ample rolling stock in the double-track road
from here to the Point of Rooks, by way of the
Relay House. It is true that it will save fifty
or sixty miles by going over a direct road, and
the West clamored for it. My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] has mentioned this subject
repeatedly, and other Senators have spoken
of it. They have clamored for a direct com-
munication with the West; and by legislation
this winter we have compelled the Baltimore
and Ohio road to bnikl that road; and it will
not be worth five cents to them, because they
have the rolling stock now to do all the busi-
ness between here and the Point of Rocks. It
takes perhaps two or three hours longer to go
that way; but they have the capacity to do ten
times the business that will be done from here
to the West by a double-track road between
here and the Point of Rocks now. The fact is
that to gratify the people of the West we have
imposed on the Baltimore and Ohio road the
expenditure of seven or eight million dollars.
1 do not appear here as the advocate of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad; but I hear a
great deal said against the road that is unjust
and unfounded. I have traveled on almost
every railroad line in this country, and I take
this opportunity to say that I have traveled as
cheaply, as comfortably, and as safely on the
Baltimore and Ohio road as upon any road
that I ever traveled upon in this country. I
am sure there is no line of road in this coun-
try upon which a passenger can travel cheaper
than he does from here to the city of Wheeling.
I undertake to say there is none over which he
can travel to the city of New York cheaper,
and I say further that there is no line of rail-
road, considering its length, upon which freight
can be carried cheaper than on this road. I
know that fact. I do object to one thing that
the Baltimore road is guilty of, and that is that
they will not check baggage from here to any
point in the West. They take the same ad-
vantage that other roads do, and compel you
to recheek your baggage in order to compel
you, when going to the West, to travel over
their own road.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no railroad in
the United States that does that now, except
the Baltimore and Ohio.'
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator says that
no other road does it. He may be correct so
far as this matteris concerned; but Ihappened
to be, a few days ago 
Mr. STEWART. Let me call the yeas and
nays on this proposition.
Mr. HENDERSON. I.suppose you will
hardly call them while I am speaking. I do
not very often occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate, and this is a matter of importance. I do
not believe the Senator from Nevada ever in-
terrupted a gentleman before. I have scarcely-
known of his making an interruption, or ask-
ing any question, or calling the yeas and nays,
heretofore, when a Senator was speaking. The
Senator from Ohio says that the Baltimore and
