M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
f gt, as possible ; to' forget, if necessary, any
precedent which miglit, if made in times like
these, have, occasioned very serious difficulty
aiwl trouble.
. How, sir^I have said this ; it is as much out
o.f, place as anything I complained of in other
gentlemen; but I took the occasion simply bo-
cause it presented itself, and it would seem
somewhat connected with what has taken place.
I trust,we shall adopt the amendment proposed
by the honorable Senator from Rhode Island,
and I believe that if the resolution be passed
in that form it will accomplish all it is desira-
ble to accomplish and be entirely satisfactory.
Mr. HOYfARD. At the suggestion of some
of my friends I withdraw the" call for the yeas
and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays having been ordered by the Senate,
the call can only be withdrawn by unanimous
consent. The Chair hears no objection. The
question is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I propose to amend the res-
olution by striking out the word '' nice'' in the
second line and inserting the word "six." I
know of no reason, if this committee bo ap-
pointed at all, why the House of Representa-
tives should have any advantage over the Sen-
ate in tho number of the persons who are to
compose tho committee. They are not superior
in any respect that I know of except in num-
bers, and that ought not to bo available hero
to give them an advantage. I propose, there-
fore, that that word "nine" be stricken out and
"six" inserted, so that the two bodies will have
an equal representation in the committee, if it
is to be formed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe the uniform
rule in the appointment of joint committees
has been to place upon them a larger number
of members of tho House of Representatives
than of the Senate. (xentlemeu who are better-
parliamentarians than I am, and better ac-
quainted with the precedents-of Congress, will
be able to correct me if I am wrong. 1 believe
in tho committee on the conduct of the war
there wove more members from tho House
than from tho Senate.
Mr. WADE. Four to threo.
Mr. ANTHONY. In tho joint committee
which has been raised to report in what, man-
ner the nation shall testify its reverence and
affection for the memory of our late President,
the Representatives outnumber the Senators.
This resolution, therefore, follows the usual*
precedents, and I do not sea why there should
be any exception to the usual precedents in
this case.
Mr. COWAN. As I understand, this is a
hovel proceeding, and no precedent .can bo of
any avail in governing our action upon it,; we
arc free to determine it upon principles of rea-
son. 1 have heard no reason in the world
given why the House of Ueprcsentutives.should
have nine persons to inquire into the condition
of (he so-called confederate States while we
should only have six. 1 think, myself, that
three members from each Ilotu-ju would be bet-
ter than fifteen or twelve; they would be more
readily got together. But I do not object to
six members from the Senate, and I think the
same number should be from the House. I
think wo are entitled to an equal representation
upon the committee. I know no reason to tho
contrary; and as the proceeding is a no\ el one,
no precedent can be oi'ni'y avail io govern our
action upon it. Tho function of the committee
is simply to inquire, and there is no reason
why we should not have the same weight in
making that inquiry as the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. ANTHONY. The ^resolution, as it is
amended, is not a novel one: it is an ordinary
resolution of inquiry, to raise a joint committee
such as has been frequently raised by tho two
Houses. The resolution as it came from the
House of Representatives was undoubtedly a
novel one, and if it had not been amended'by
striking out tho very important provision which
has just been stricken out, then I should think
it very proper that the Senate should bo equally
represented with the House; but as it is now a
mere resolution of inquiry, I do not see any
reason why it should not follow the precedents
of other resolutions of inquiry.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of tho Senator from Pennsylvania whether,
where joint committees are raised in this way,
he has examined to see whether tho committee
of each House does not vote separately as a
unit, and not tho members per capita-, whether
any report can be madtj from this joint com-
mittee unless it is sanctioned by a majority of
tho members of the committee from tho Senate
as well as a majority of those from the House.
I understand that in committees of conference,
which usually consist of three persons on the
part of the Senate and three on the part of the
House, it requires a majority of each to make
a report; that is to say, the three members
from the Senate uniting with one member from
the Ilcuse cannot make a report from such a
committee, but you must have two members of
the House and two members of the Senatp to
make a report from a joint committee of con-
ference. If that rule obtains—and 1 ask the
question for information—the number of the
committee is perhaps not so material as it
would be if tho members from this body voted
per capita. If they do so vote, of course tho
control of the committee, the Mouse of Repre-
sentatives having nine members upon it and
the Senate but six, would bo entirely in the
power of tho House, should they, in their in-
vestigations, conclude so to act.
Mr. COWAN. 1 have no doubt tho rale, an
stated by the honorable Senator from Illinois,
prevfdls in committees of conference; but this
is not a committee of conference; this is a
joint committee, and there, 1 understand, tho
votes are taken per capita. 1 suppose the
members of this committee will uol be dis-
tinguished in tho committee as re2;resenling
one or the other of the two bodies, but they
will be representatives of the bodies jointly, as
tho word itself would imply; and that is one
of tho reasons why I desire that the bodies
should be upon equal footing. This commit-
tee," if £ understand it, is simply to report facts
to the bodies; it is to determine nothing. It
is to inquire inio the condition of affairs in the
lately rebellious States, and report the facts fo
these bodies in order that their action upon
the same may be intelligible. It, is very much
the same as tho appointment of a master in
chancery to report facts, or a commissioner to
report evidence; and acting jointly, tho mem-
bers of thiscommittee will bo not only ancillary
in their action to one House, but they will be
ancillary in their action to both, and will report
to both and for the benefit of both; and there-
fore T desire that they shall be upon an equal
tooling.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, to strike out "nine"
and insert ''six."
Mr. COWAN and Mr. JOHNSON called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays ii'J; as
follows:
YEAS—5Io?grs. TUiclwlew, Cowan, Dixon, Boolit-
tlo, Uuihrie, Itendru-k,-;, Johnson, Lr.no ot K;,:-,,-;:.-,
NcmiuUi, Norton, Riddle, yaulsbury, Stockton, and
Vv'ri'tlu—11. ^
KAY'S — Messrs. AntLony, l>nmn. Cliondler. Clark,
e, in1 ' V. !, t',1--" i , foot, i f, ;, ,',5
tiai-ri.-, Il-rve, Lane oi Indiana, la/cum, Moirill,
Nye, Pol,'ad, Pomeroy, TWniticy, Ulievmi-.n, tvrau'uc,
Su-wart, i-nrjmer, Van Winkle, Wade, Wiiley, Wil-
liam1*. V, il?on, and Yateo—-!>.
V.X:— tU: ; -v.'. Cra^in, Paviy, Henderson,
L*,v, a:,;, alcDo'j^atl, and Tru)alni]l—'J.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the adoption of tho resolution.
Mr. SAILSBURY. I do not want to •dis-
cuss the merits of this resolution. Many of
its objectionable features have been got rid of
by the adoption of amendments : but still, as
it exists "new, it is very objectionable to my
mind. It is for the appointment of a commit-
tee of tho two Houses to determine and to re-
port upon, what ? The right of representa-
tion of eleven States in this body. What
determines the rights of those States to repre-
sentation here? Is it the views of the mem-
bers of the House of Representatives V Do
we stand in need of any light, however bright
it may be, that may come from that distin-
guished quarter? Are wo going to ask them
to illuminate us by wisdom, and to report the
fact to us whether those States are entitled to
representation on this floor ?
Mr. President, on the first day of your assem-
blage after the battle of Manassas you and they
declared, by joint resolution, that the object
for which the war was waged was for no pur-
pose of conquest or subjugation, but it was to
preserve the Union of the States and to main-
tain tho - rights, dignity, and equality of tho
several States unimpaired. While that war
was being waged there was no action, either of
this House or of the House of Representatives,
declaring that when it was over the existence
of those States should be ignored or their right
to representation in Congress denied. Through-
out the whole contest the battle-cry was "the,
preservation of the Union" and "the Union
of the States." If there was a voice then
raised that those States had ceased to have an
existence in this body, it was so feeble as to be
passed by and totally disregarded.
Sir, suppose this committee should report
that those States are not entitled to repre-
sentation in this body, are you bound by their
action? Is there not a higher law, the su-
premo law of the land, which says, if they be
States that fhey shall each be entitled to two
Senators on this floor? And shall a report of a
joint committee of the two Houses override
and overrule the fundamental law of the land?
Sir, it is dangerous as a precedent, and I pro-
test against it as an humble member of this
body. If they be not States, theu the object
avowed for which the war was waged was false.
But, sir, 1 do not intend to discuss the ques-
tion now. I shall take occasion before the
session is over perhaps to discuss it somewhat
elaborately. But regarding it as a dangerous
precedent, I call for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the resolution.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I feel called upon to say
in relation to this matter, that inasmuch as tho
Senate and House of Representatives are not
put upon a footing of equality in 1 he commit-
tee, I am constrained to vote against the reso-
lution. _ As my friends around me all know, I
have uniformly stated to them that I could not
vote for tho resolution if they were not put
upon a footing of equality.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. On this subject I de-
sire to say but one word. I shall vote against
this resolution because it refers to-a, joint com-
mittee a subject -which, according to my judg-
ment, belongs exclusively to the Senate. I
know that tho resolution no longer provides in
express terms that tho Senate, pending the con-
tinuance of the investigation of this committee,
v, ill not consider the question of credentials
from these States, but in effect it amounts to
i that, 'llie question is to be referred to the
committee, and according to usage, and it
would seem to be the very purpose of refer-
ence that the body shall not consider the sub-
ject while the question is before them. I could
not vote for a resolution that refers to a joint
committee a subject that this body alone can
decide. If there are credentials presented
here, this body must decide the question
whether the person presenting tho credentials
is entitled to a seat; and how can this body bo
influenced by any committee other than a com-
mittee that it shnll-raise itself?
Mr. TRUMB ULL. If I understood the res-
olution as the Senator from Indiana does, I
should certainly vote with him ; but I do not so
understand it as it has been amended. That
was tho very objection to tho resolution in tho
form in which it cam? from the House of Rep-
resentatives, but as it has been amended it Is
simply a resolution that a joint committee be
