2052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
United States and several of the families of the
officers and the soldiers; and I remember as if it
were but yesterday, although I ^vaa not in the
councils of the nation at that time, with what
joy the passage by the Senate of the resolu-
tion, such as it will be if you adopt the amend-
ment I have proposed, was hailed throughout
the United States. It was hailed as a mani-
festation of national gratitude for distinguished
services, rendered at the imminent peril of life,
cot only of himself but of his crew, and at the
certain destruction of the cargo which was in-
trusted to his charge; and the answer that the
man gave when, misunderstanding the tele-
graph that Captain Watkins sent him by means
of the board which lie held up, (a telegraph, as
he supposed, indicating the opinion of Wat-
kins that he would not lay by his vessel except
on the promise of some reward,) evinced the
character of the true sailor. "What does the
man mean?" was his indignant replj'. Sub-
stantially "he said, '; Here I will remain; and if
it be possible I will save all on board the
evidently sinking vessel or lose my own life in
the effortand he succeeded.
The book that I hold in my hand, which the
honest and bold and humane sailor has kept
by him from that time to this, is filled with
manifestations of the nation's gratitude; and
he was able to save from the elements the letter
that was thrown overboard by Captain Watkins,
which I will trouble the Senate by reading. It
was picked up at sea:
Steamship Sax Francisco,
January 1,18o4.
Df.ak Captaix: "We are in great distress. Do not
leave us. "We have already lost about one hundred
and eighty of our number, washed overboard. We
have United States troops on board, and the com-
manding officer will charter your ship. We have
plenty of water and provisions oil board. "We now
number about four hundred and twentv, all told. I
find it too rough to do anything with our rafts; they
are made and waiting a calui.
Yours, &c., JAMES T. WATKINS,
Owtain.
That was on the 1st of January, 18-34 ; and
this noble and humane—as all noble men are
—sailor remained, at the imminent peril of his
life and the lives of all those who were on board
of his own ship and of the loss of his ship,
alongside during the terrific storm that lasted
for six days, during the whole of the six days,
and he succeeded in rescuing every living soul
left on board on the 1st of January; and I
remember'(and I recollect the proud feeling
with which I received the information) the de-
light with which the vote, given by the Senate
on the occasion thrilled the public heart of the
nation. Six or seven hundred soldiers of the
United States destined to the furthest. Terri-
tory of the United States to maintain the honor
of its flag were rescued not only from imminent
but certain death by the gallantry of this Eng-
lish captain and his noble officers and crew,
and the disappointment, if disappointment was
felt at all at the passage of the resolution
through the Senate, was that the amount given
was not the amount recommended by the
committee. The committee recommended
$100,000; and it was amended in the Senate
by being reduced one half; an 1 it only failed of
receiving the sanction of the other House for
want of time. After that, not wanting the
money, this Englishman, or rather Scotchman,
I believe, by birth, went upon his own way
rejoicing in that which gave him more satisfac-
tion than money could at that time have given
him, thai he had contributed so much to save
so many fellow-beings, and especially to save
the soldiers and sailors of the United States
and their families, and everywhere where the
tidings reached of what the Senate of the Uni-
ted States had done in manifestation of their
gratitude for the distinguished service he had
rendered the United States by saving the lives
of her soldiery, it was hailed witli delightful
gratitude everywhere. Money then was to him
of little or no account; but he has suffered
now because of our trouble. His trade was
with us; the rebellion through which we have
^;o happily and gloriously passed in a great
measure broke it up; he is now poor; and
although at the time the service was rendered he
had not the remotest idea of ever appealing to
the gratitude of the United Stales for compen-
sation for an act which he did from an impulse
of pure humanity and at the risk of his life,
he asks at the hands of the United States some
small compensation for that peril now when
the troubles in which we have been engaged
and during which no one I have reason to be-
lieve more solicitously watched over us than
he did—for lie was always a true friend of the
United States—have placed him in a condition
of almost entire poverty.
Now, I propose in behalf of him and of
others who were engaged in the same noble
aud humane undertaking that we manifest our
gratitude to a heroism unsurpassed; the sea
was running mountain high, threatening to
ingulf him and his crew, his ship leaking and
making water at the rate of nine inches an
hour, and he unable to keep her afloat except
by the untiring exertions of himself and his
crew. I ask in his behalf, and as a debt due
to humanity; I ask in behalf of the officers and
soldiers who were saved through his gallantry
and the gallantry of two others who came to
the rescue, that we shall, when we are able and
he is poor, manifest our gratitude by contribu-
ting what will render, perhaps, the remainder
of his days comparatively happy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in. -
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third' reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
LAKE PORTAGE SHIP-CAXAL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
duty of the Chair to call up the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday, which is House bill No. 238,
the pending question being on the amendment
of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,]
upon which the yeas aud nays have been ordered.
Mr. POMEUOY. Willi the leave of the
Se'nator from New Hampshire I should like to
reconsider a bill that passed during the morn-
ing hour the other day, merely to make a cor-
rection. The bill was amended before in the
Senate, but as it now stands there needs to be
a blight correction in order that the various
part-; of the bill may be in harmony with each
other. There will be no question about it. It
will only take two or three minutes' time.
Mr. CLA UK. I will not object to that. The
special order may be laid aside informally in
order to allow the correction of a mistake in
that bill.
ThoPRESTDENTproferapore. That course
will be taken, no objection being made.
Mr. POMEEOY'. I have moved a recon-
sideration of the vote passing Senate bill No.
193, granting lauds to the State of Michigan
to aid in building a harbor and ship-canal at
Portage Lake, Keweenaw Point,Lake Superior,
in said State. I now ask that the question be
taken on that reconsideration.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. POMEEOY. I now move to reconsider
the vote ordering the bill to be engrossed for a
third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. P0MER0Y. In the seventeenth line
of the bill I move to strike out the words
••'hereby amended'' and insert" herein referred
to.'' We do not amend the former bill, but
we recite it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POME ROY. I send to the Chair a
substitute for the last proviso in reference to
mineral lands.
The amendment %vas read, being to strike
out the words—
And provide/I further. That no mineral lands shall
be included within this grant.
And in lieu thereof to insert—
And provided further, That no lands designated
by the United States as mineral before the passage
of this act shall be included within this grant.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrrssed for a
third reading, <waa read the third time, and
passed.
HOUSE BILLS KEKEiatKD.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below;
A bill (H. R. No. 134) to regulate t ■ '.terms
of the United States courts in the eastern dis-
trict of Now York, and for other purposes—to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 278) in amendment of the
several acts relating to" the organization of the
Pension Office—to the Committee on Pensions.
APPROVAL 01? BIH.S.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, an-
i nounced that the President had approved and
signed on the 17th instant, the followingacts and
joint resolutions :
An act (S. No. 81) to reimburse the State
of Missouri for moneys expended for the Uni-
ted States in enrolling, equipping, and pro-
visioning militia forces to aid in suppressing
the rebellion;
An aet (S. No. 229) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to transfer a gunboat
to the Government of the republic of Liberia ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 45) protesting
against pardons by foreign Governments of
persons convicted of infamous offenses on con-
dition of emigration to the United States ; and
A joint resolution (S. K. No. 49) for the
temporary relief of destitute people in the
District of Columbia.
And that on the 18th instant he approved
and signed—
An act (S. No. 201) for the relief of Ann
Heth, widow of William Heth, of Harrison
county, Indiana;
An act (S. No. 241) directing the enrollment
of Agnes W. Laughlin, the widow of'i deceased
soldier, as a pensioner;
An act (S. No. 248) for the relief of James
Gr. Clarke;
An act (S. No. 252) granting a pension to
Mrs. Sarah E. Wilson; and
An act (S. No. 260) granting a pension to
Mrs. Emerance Gouler.
PROTECTION OP UNITED STATES OFFICERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill III. R
No. 238) to amend an act entitled "An act
relating to habeas corpus, and regulating judi-
cial proceedings in certain cases," approved
March 3, 1863 ; the pending question being on
Ihe amendment of Mr. Edmunds to insert at
the end of the first section the following words;
Or so far as it operates as a defence for any act
done or omitted in any State represented in Congress
during the rebellion, and in which, at the time and
place of any such act or omission, martial law was
not in force.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 2'J ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cowan, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Guthrie, Hendricks, Johnson, McDougall,
Ne«mifh,'?tnd Saulsbury—10.
KAYS—Messis. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Cragin, Cresweil, Foster, Grimes, Henderson,
Howard. Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Morgan, Nye, Pomeroy, Kamsey, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner. Trumbull. Van YvTinkIe,
AVade. Willev. Williams. Wilson, and Yate«—
ABSEXT—Messrs. Brown, Davis Dixon, FeJc'en-
den, Harris, Morrill, Norton, Poland, Kiddle, and
Wright—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. I think a slight amendment
is needed in the fourth line of the third section,
to strike out the words I;as well.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move to strike out
the fourth section of the bill. That section
provides:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That if the State
court shall, notwithstanding the performance of all
things required for the removal of the_ case to the
circuit court aforesaid, proceed further in said cause
or prosecution before said certificate is produced,
then, ill that ease, all such further proceedings shall
be void and of no effect; and all parties, judges, um-
eers, and other persons, thenceforth proceeding there-
under, or by color thereof, shall be Uttblem damages
