1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2053
therefor to tlie party aggrieved, to be recovered by
action in a court, of the State havina; proper jurisdic-
tion. or in a circuit court of the United btates tor the
district in which such further proceedings may have
been had, or where the party, officer, or other per-
son so offending shall be found; and upon a recov-
ery of damases in either court, the party plaintiff
shall be entitled to double costs.
Now, Mr. President, I am very free to say
that if I were a judge in any State I should not
feel myself bound to pay any attention what-
ever to this act; because I do not believe the
Congress of the United States has the consti-
tutional authority to pass the act. Suppose a
judge of a State court should honestly be of
that opinion, and suppose some Secretary of
War, or the agent of some Secretary of War,
or some Secretary of State, or the agent of
some Secretary of State, has caused a citizen
within the limits of one of the States to be
arrested, and application is made to the State
courts for redress, and the State courts believe
they have the constitutional authority to afford
that redress, notwithstanding the provisions of
this act. and shall honestly so decide, your act
proposes to punish them in damages for the
exercise of an honest judicial opinion. I will
not discuss the question, however, Mr. Presi-
dent, but I make the motion to strike out the
fourth section of the bill.
Mr. CLARK. 1 hardly think it is worth
while that I should spend much time in answer-
ing the Senator from Delaware, and I would
not say a word now if this had not been the
second time when he uttered words like those
which he has now uttered in defiance of the
authority of the United States. When the civil
rights bill was upon its passage, when the Sen-
ate was about to vote on it, the Senator from
Delaware, in the spirit that he now shows in
the Senate, ancl in the hearing of the people
who were here, stood up in the Senate and
defied almost the authority of the United States,
and said that if he were a judge, or a person
acting m that capacity, in the State of Dela-
ware, lie would not obey the law. He repeats
that same thing to-day. Sir, if it be so that
the rebel spirit which defies the nation, in the
person of judges and others, has crept into the
Senate, and shows itself here, the more the
necessity of the bill which we propose to pass.
" 1 will not jield to that authority"—so said
the rebel, and that produced the war; and now,
when the war is over, the Senator from Dela-
ware stands up and repeats that he will not
yield to the authority of the United States. It is
time this should be done with. It is time that
the Senator should understand that the author-
ity of the United States will be supreme, whether
it takes a Senator or the merest rebel soldier.
This Government must be obeyed, and it is
not worth having if it cannot cause itself to be
obeyed. This proceeding, it' attempted to be
carried on in a State court, in defiance of the
United States authority, should be void, and
the judge and everybody else who undertakes
to set himself up in this way—for it will not be
an honest authority—should be punished for
so doing. We have had about enough of this
S'-ate authority to teach it to yield respect and
obedience to the laws of the United States.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I can-
not possibly imagine anything I have said that
should call for the very unbecoming remarks
of the Senator from New Hampshire. Who is
he, sir, that he should attempt to lecture a Sen-
ator in this body? Sir, I assigned the reason
why if 1 were a judge I should not carry out
the provisions of this law—because 1 believe it
to be unconstitutional. What did I say about
resisting the authority of the Federal (xovern-
ment except in the interpretation of an act of
Congress if I were sitting in a judicial capa-
city Was there anything discourteous to any
member of this body in what I said; anything
about residing the authority of the United
States? Sir, the idea did not enter into my
mind ar, the time, but as I stated the fact that,
sitting as a judge and believing the act to be
without constitutional authority, I should feel
myself compelled to execute tho law of my
Stale. When the Senator gets up here and
insinuates rebellion or a rebellious spirit to
me, I have only this to say: that there is noth-
ing in that Senator, mentally, morally, phys-
ically, or otherwise, that gives him the right
to use insolent language here.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I desire to
use no insolent language; I shall not be dis-
courteous, I hope, to tho Senator from Dela-
ware or any other Senator. I hope I shall not
be discourteous to the Senate of the United
States. 1 hope I shall not be discourteous to
the Government of the United States. But
when the Senator from Delaware, or any other
Senator in this body, shall rise repeatedly, time
after time, and say here in the presence of this
Senate that he will not obey the authority of
the United States, it is time, with due defer-
ence to him, that, that spirit of the Senator,
that that spirit of rebellion which crops out in
that way, should be rebuked. I claim nothing
morally, I claim nothing physically, I claim
nothing mentally, but I do love my country,
and, God aiding me, I will stand against rebel-
lion to the bitter end of it, whether in the Sen-
ator from Delaware or in him who is now con-
fined in Fortress Monroe.
Sir, we have had too much trouble from this
spirit already. If tho men who have been en-
gaged in rebellion "accept the situation," let
them accept it; but let. not the same opposi-
tion and spirit be manifested in the Senate of
the United States. We owe it to the people of
the United Slates, who have stood by us through
all the rebellion, that this Senate should lie free
from expressions of the kind and from an ap-
proval of such expressions : and if the Senator
from Delaware rejoices that this rebellion is put
down, let him put away the spirit which pro-
duced the rebellion, and accede to the authority
of tho General Government.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall not continue
this controversy wilh the Senator from New
Hampshire. J simply rise to repeat, that there
was nothing in the remark that 1 made to cause
any member of tlii.s body to say that I was
opposed to the authority of the Federal Gov-
ernment or of a State government. I said if I
were sitting as a State judge and called upon
to act, and this aet was produced before me,
I could not recognize it as a constitutional
law. It was simply the expression of an opin-
ion. It never occurred to me that there was
an intellect in this whole, country so obtuse
as for a moment tu suppose that there was in
that any spirit of defiance to any rightful
authority of this Government. State or Federal.
The Senator from New Hampshire, to exhibit
his own patriotism, has chosen to indulge in
language unbecoming this place, and which I
trust will not be repeated. Of one tiling 1 will
assure the Senator: that while i wish to cul-
tivate kindly relations with every member of
tiiis body, both in the Senate and out of it, no
imputation upon my just and proper devotion
to my Government will be submitted to. I ask
the Senator from New Hampshire in future
to be more cautious in the use of language.
Sir, the time has gone by when sensible men
indulge in reflections upon the motives of
others, simply because they may differ in their
political views, or in their interpretations in
reference to a statute, whether State or Fed-
eral. I have sought no controversy with that
Senator or any other; but hereafter, as in the
past, if I believe an act is unconstitutional I
will say so ; and I have as much confidence in
my own judgment in reference to questions of
that character as I have in the judgment of the
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. I have heard the Senator's
caution : but I do not abate one jot or tittle of
; what I have said. I meant no disrespect to
I him personally as a Senator, but to rebuke the
spirit which is manifested here; and if I have
occasion to say it again, I shall assuredly say
it when the occasion calls for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to occupy
the attention of the Senate for a moment _ in
addressing myself to the. pending question
rather than*to the questions of spirit and feel-
ing which have been di&cussed between the
Senator from New Hampshire and the Senator
from Delaware. The proposition, if I under-
stand it, is to strike out section four. All that
section four provides for is the right of the
removal of these causes from the State to the
Federal courts. Certainly it appears to me
that in respect to acts which are done under
the authority of the General Government, the
authority of the General Goyernment ought to
be asserted and it ought to be defended in
its own courts ; and such, I believe, has been
the constitutional practice of the Government
from its foundation. Therefore it appears to
me that this section, which only provides for
enforcing that right of removal to the national
tribunals, is perfectly constitutional and per-
fectly right; and I am opposed to its being
striken out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not able to see
.hat the reply of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire met the point made by the Senator from
Delaware. This bill addresses itself to each
one of us as lawyers. It proposes to confer
upon tho courts of the United States jurisdic-
tion, and to control the proceedings of the State
courts in certain causes; and I was not able to
see the impropriety on the part of a Senator in
saying that if he were a judge in a State court he
should disregard the provisions of a'law which
he thought to be unconstitutional. Sir, it is
not clear that this proposed transfer of causes
from the State courts to the Federal courts was
contemplated by the Constitution; and when a
similar provision found its way in what is called
the civil rights bill 1 had the same opinion
upon it.' Causes such as are not described at
all in the provisions of the Constitution, which
defines the jurisdiction of the Federal courts,
are to be transferred from the State courts to
the Federal, courts, merely because Congress
so provides. I have my doubis whether it can
properly be done. When a case is pending in
a State court, and an application is made to
transfer that cause to the United States court,
if the judge in the State court shall be of opin-
ion that under the Constitution of the United
States that cause ought not to be transferred,
I submit to the judgment of the Senator from
New Hampshire, what, is the clear duty of the
State judge? Ought he to send the cause from
his court into a Federal court, contrary to the
laws and Constitution of the country? What
jurisdiction shall be possessed by the Federal
courts is defined in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Stares ; and I am of opinion that that defi-
nition of jurisdiction does not include the cases
provided for in this bill.
But, sir, suppose it be proper to transfer
these causes from the State to the Federal
com is. ought the third and fourth sections of
thi.- bill to" be as they are? We are all familiar
with the aet which authorizes the transfer of
certain causes from the State to the Federal
court. Where a citizen of one State brings a
suit, against a citizen of another State, in a
State court., the act of Congress authorizes the
tiansfer of that cause to the Federal court,
upon the application of the defendant; and
why? Because the Constitution of the United
Slates provides that litigation between citizens
of different States may be heard in the Federal
court, which is supposed to be disinterested
in judgment and feeling between llic parties.
But in I hat aet we do not find such extraordi-
nary provisions as are in this bill. In that case
the defendant, upon the first day of the terra,
must come into the State court and make his
application for the transfer before he dees any
act which recognizes the jurisdiction of the
State court, and he must give his bond that
upon the first day of the next term ot the Ted-
i eral court he will file the papers in the cause
I' in the Federal court, and enter his appearance.
j! That is required of the defendant in a cause
li where it is clearly proper, within the provis-
l| ions of the Constitution, to take the case from
j' the State to the Federal court.
i Here, however, in a case, to say the least ot
i it, where it is doubtful whether the transfer
can be authorized by Congress, it is provided
I. that that transfer may be asked by the defend-
