2054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i
\pril 20,
aht, after he has entered an appearance in a
State court, after he has recognized, by his
appearance and pleadings, the jurisdiction of
the State court. And, sir, (here is very strange
language here, which may be construed author-
izing the transfer after a judgment has been
rendered in the State court. I call the atten-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire to
the language found in the third section, com-
mencing in the eighth line, and I ask him to
explain to the Senate the meaning of this lan-
guage :
But nothing herein contained shall be held to
abridge the right of sueh removal after final judg-
ment in the State court; nor shall it be necessary, in
the State court, to offer or give surety for the filing
of copies in the circuit court of the United States.
Nothing herein contained shall be construed
to abridge the right to take the case from the
State to the Federal court after judgment ren-
dered. After the defendant has recognized
the jurisdiction of the local court, after he has
pleaded in that court, after ho has submitted
to trial by a jury, and after upon the verdict a
judgment has been rendered, I want to know
of the Senator whether ho contemplates that
there should be a transfer, and that the judg-
ment of the State court shall be vacated and a
new trial had in the United States court.
But, sir, in the existing law which author-
izes the transfer of causes to the Federal from
the State courts in cases that are clearly within
the provisions of the Constitution, is there any
provision that if the judge shall be of opinion
that the case ought not to be transferred, be
shall be liable to punishment, he shall be liable
to suit and damages? No, sir. Congress, in
the enactment upon that subject, has assumed
that the State judge will do his duty. But
here, almost for the first time, and I believe for
the first time unless a provision like this is
found in what is called the civil rights bill, it
is provided that if the judge shall deny the
transfer, upon the exercise of his judgment,
for what Congress may hold to be an error of
judgment, he shall be liable to a civil suit and
to damages. Are Senators willing to say that
the State judges are to be punished by suits
and damages for an error of judgment? "
Mr. President, these are very extraordinary
provisions, and I am not at ali surprised that
the Senator from Delaware should express
himself upon them very earnestly. The lan-
guage -which he used I clid not observe at the
time: but I am very free to say to the Senate
that if I were a State judge, and I thought the
provision of this law was unconstitutional, I
certainly should regard the Constitution as a
higher law than the act of Congress which, in
my judgment, if it should he my judgment,
was contrary to the provisions of the Consti-
tution. It presents the question to a judge
whether a case can be transferred to the Fed-
eral court; and shall he not decide it? If I
bring a suit in a State court again.it a man who
has done me a grievous wrong during these
four or five years, a wrong perhaps accom-
panied with violence and malice, and the cause
is set down for trial upon an appearance and
plea by the defendant, and he then asks a
transfer of the cause to the Federal court, and
the judge shall say that the ease must be heard
before him and before a jury in that court, shall
that judge, because of the exercise of a sound
and honest judgment, be punished by suit and
damages? I ask the Senator from New Hamp-
shire if he has known of any cases in which
the State courts have refused under existing
laws to allow a transfer where a proper en so
was made for a transfer? I have heard of none.
Mr. WILSON. There arc a great many
cases of that kind. I understand the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky has passed a law forbidding
the judges of that State to allow these trans-
fers. I understand further that there .are over
three thousand of these eases in that State.
One officer of the Government has thirty-five
cases against him. One of the judges of that
State, Mr. Andrews, formerly a member of the
House of Representatives, would not allow the
order of the Government to the officer to be
considered as any defense; he said it was no
defense; and in the course of ten days after-
ward he discharged a rebel on the ground that
his Order from the rebel service was a complete
defense.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not familiar with
the case referred to by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. If the judge to whom he refers |
showed partiality, or that he was governed by j
corrupt motives, I certainly have no apology .
or defense to make for him. But I had not i
heard of any refusals by State judges to allow ,
transfers of causes where the cases were prop- 1
erly presented. I know that in the State of !
Indiana, as far as my practice has extended,
there has been no occasion to complain. If a
judge has acted in Kentucky as the Senator
from Massachusetts understands, then the rem-
edy against him is by impeachment, not by a
general provision that for the exercise of his
judgment a judicial officer shall be liable to
suit and to penalties.
Mr. CLARK. Iaskthe Senatorfrom Indiana,
who is going to impeach him? Perhaps he will
say, the Legislature of the State of Kentuckj',
if he were in Kentucky. A year or two ago the
Legislature of Kentucky passed an act, similar
in its provisions to the one we now propose, for
the rebel soldiers; and when a member of that
Legislature a year after presented a resolution
of a similar kind for the Union soldiers, tho_y
voted it down. They gave the rebel soldier
this defense and refused it to the Union sol-
dier. I have a copy here of the resolution
which Colonel Johnson, of Kentucky, intro-
duced. It is in these words :
" Whereas at the last session of the Legislature an
act wa3 passed granting general amnesty to ali who
had been connected with the rebel array; and an-
other which was made pleadable in bar to all indict-
ments, prosecutions, and actions against any of then
for acts performed during their said connection with
said rebel army: Therefore,
1 Be it resolved, ThattheLegislatureismost respect-
fully requested toextend the same beneficent enact-
ment to the Federal officer and soldier, which is but
justly and fairly due to the man to whom thai Legis-
lature is now indebted for its very existence."
And they voted it down. Now, talk of an
impeachment of a judge in a Slate like that!
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the date of
that ?
Mr. CLAKK. There is no date upon the
paper.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand it was
offered at the last session of the Legislature.
Mr. CLARK. 1 have another case in the
State of Kentucky which I will bring to the
attention of the Senate. I stated here the other
day that the judges in Kentucky had decided both
ways; had agreed to allow an order of a rebel
officer to be pleaded in a prosecution against
a rebel soldier, and had held that it was for
him a good defense, and had refused it to a
Federal soldier, f have the ease here of a
person named Holland, which I will read:
"Holland was indicted by the grand jury of Chris-
tian county tor stealing some horses, which act lie
committed under the orders of his superior oflicer.
General S. 13. Buckner, of the rebel army, and upon
heing brought, to trial was discharged by Judge Gra-
ham, circuit judge of Christian county, on the ground
that he could not be punished for an a< t committed
under the orders of his superiors, from which the
Commonwealth appealed.
"Attorney General Harlan represented the Com-
monwealth, and Colonel B. II. 33ristow represented
the prisoner, (Holland.) Judge Robertson delivered
the opinion of the court:
"'The only judicial question presented by this
appeal from a judgment of the circuit court dischar-
ging the accused on a vcrdiet of acquittal on an indict-
ment for robbery is whether in a county of Kentucky,
occupied and controlled by aeont^deratearmy under
ji command of General Jliy kn";\ the foicibie capture
| of a non-eomba'ant citizen's horses in conformity
'| with military authmity, and in execution of a mili-
|| tiry order, was a criminal oitenso cognizable by the
h civil power of this State, and on this Question our
ij opinion is that the act being belligerent in the legal
li import of that comprehensive term it was not rob-
II bery in the technical sense. Argument to prove this
ji would be superfluous, wherefore the judgment is
affirmed.'"
Upon this a Frankfort correspondent of the
Cincinnati Gazette remarks:
"This opinion was delivered on the 21st day of
September, 1864, and lias just been published by the
reporter,Duvall. Notwith«tandingthisopiniou,"ouif
three or four thousand Union soluic*s ha1, e hten
indicted and tried tor similar oh'enses, and some of
them sentenced to the penitential';,, ami hut tor Gov-
ernor Bramlette's intervention with his pardoning
power would now be incarcerated there.1-'
It seems that what is a good defense for a
rebel soldier is not a defense for a Federal sol-
dier, and he is castinto prison for doing precisely
the same thing for which the rebel .soldier is
set free. 1 make no imputation upon the State
of Kentucky; I desire to cast no imputation
upon her authorities ; but if there be this hon-
est difference of opinion in her courts, if they
honestly believe that a rebel soldier is to be
defended and protected because lie has the
order of his superior, it is time that we should
provide that the Federal soldier should be pro-
tected in the same way. I have further testi-
mony ; and the Senator from Indiana need not
ask me if cas.es have been refused a transfer.
Thousands of them have been, on the very
ground which the Senator from Delaware sets
up, and which the Senator from Indiana, I un-
derstand, has approved, that they declare the
act to be unconstitutional. What defense is
an act of this kind to a Federal soldier if he
goes into the court, and the judge says, "Your
act is entirely unconstitutional; I will not re-
gard it for a moment;" and then goes on to
try and sentence him and put him in the State
prison, or else finds a judgment against him
and sends the sheriff to take away his property ?
There must be some way of remedying this
crying evil, and these men who have been
engaged in the defense of the countrj' cannot
be permitted to be persecuted in this sort of
way. Their life becomes hardly worth having,
if, after having driven the rebels out of their
country and subdued them, those rebels are to
be permitted to return and harass them from,
morning until night and from night till morning,
and make their life a curse for that very defense
which they have given your country. Sir. it
should not be : and if these State judges will
not obey the law, if they will not allow the
transfer lo be made, there should be a penalty
annexed which would compel them to obey and
transfer the cause.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish it to be
understood that I believe that a State court has
authority to punish a soldier for an act done
within the lines and within the scope o£ the war,
under the command of his superior officer.
Mr. CLARK. I did not understand the Sen-
ator to say any such thing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 do not want it lo
be undeistood by any misunderstanding of the
Senator's argument that I believe that. If a
soldier in Kentucky should be indicted and
arrested upon a charge of robbery for taking
horses or any other property in the State of
Kentucky, by virtue of a command of one of
the United States officers, he being in control
and possession of the country at the time, there
is no question but what that would be a defense
to the soldier. I do not understand whether
the Senator approves or disapproves of the
decision made by Judge Robertson, of the State
of Kentucky; he did not say ; but unquestion-
ably that doctrine is the correct doctrine as
applied to the troops of the United States. I
do not doubt it; but I am not discussing what
makes a crime there. I spoke simply of the
proposition to transfer this class of cases to the
Federal courts from the State courts—civil suits
—and to punish by civil suit and damases a
judge who, in the discharge of his duty accord-
ing to his judgment, should refuse the transfer.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I happen to have on my
desk the third volume of Story's Commenta-
ries on the Constitution. Since the discussion
arose on this fourth section, I have referred to
it to see if there was any authority on the ques-
tion submitted by the Senator from Indiana.
I find extracts from an opinion delivered in
the case of Martin vs. Hunter, quoted from 1
Wheaton's Reports, page 301, in which the
right of Congress to authorize the removal of
cases from a State court to a court of the Uni-
ted States is affirmed; and the Supreme Court
say :
" If, then, (he right of removal be included in the
appellate jurisdiction, it is only because it is_ ono mode
of exercising that power; and as Congress is not lim-
ited by the Constitution to any particular mode or
