3014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
tier on tier of casemates rise from the water
iiristling with cannon.
Portsmouth is on the Channel almost oppo-
site, and the English have spent $50,000,000
to extend and fortify it; serious arguments
being made in Parliament that it must be
abandoned on account of its proximity to the
ocean—five or six miles—and not as near then
as at New London. When it was found that
missiles could be thrown for miles, the British
went twelve miles up the Medway to build
Chatham at an enormous expense; the three
main advantages alleged in its favor being that
it was not on the coast, but the defenses of
Sheerness had first to be passed, (as it is with
us at Forts Delaware and Mifflin,) that the
river could be protected from the lands on
either side, and chiefly that it was an island
(St. Mary's) affording facilities for wharfage
not on the main land.
I need scarcely go further. Brest taken by
the British as Nelson took Malta; L'Orient, on
the Bay of Biscay, with its five hundred guns
trailed ready for an enemy; Toulon, whose
approaches are stronger than Cherbourg, yet
with twice five hundred guns and immense
fortifications to defend it, toll us we must build
a navy-yard where it can be defended at little
cost or be safe without other defenses than the
ships which may rim out from its docks. So
much for defonsibility.
I admit here that whenever it can be shown
that we should build a navy-yard, such as is
proposed, within a few miles of the open sea
and the reach of modern ordnance; whenever
it can be shown that salt water is better than
fresh water for iron vessels ; or that the gran-
ite rocks of New London can be cutdown with
little expense and bo fitter for a foundation
than hard ground, 1 will vote for New Lon-
don. We do not want this site at Philadelphia
selected unless it. is for the national benefit.
Philadelphia, J believe, has among her pop-
ulation a larger number of returned soldiers
who are skilled mechanics than all the inhabit-
ants, male and female, men, women, and chil-
dren, of New London. We have offered this
island, a free gift, costing over $1500,000, to
the Government when it. required and asked
for additional accommodations, and it ought
not !<> be refused.
Mr. MOULTON. I understand League
Island to be almost, a hundred miles from
the month of the river.
Mr. M VIC Its. Eighty miles.
Mr. MOULTON. 1 would like to ask the
gentleman if it would not be a very easy thing
to obstruct the river and prevent the egress of
these vessels.
Mr. MY15RS. I will answer that question.
In the first place, in case of a war, the vessels
built or refitted at this station will not wait
until the enemy shall come, but will steam
down the rivor, which they can do in six hours,
and be ready for attack or defense. I really
do not know how the river could be obstructed
cxccpt by ourselves.
1 think I have answered the gentleman's
question, and I think it was fully answered
yesterday by my colleague from the second dis-
trict, [Mr. O'Neiix.] The canals that come
into the Delaware are broad enough and deep
enough to take vessels into New York harbor
if they could not prevent or break through any
obstructions.
But the simple answer to the question is, that
neither our vessels nor our land forces would
wait till some convenient parties put down ob-
structions in the river. I am sure the gentleman
f. oin Illinois will regard that as a sufficient reply.
J will conclude by presenting the distinguishing
advantage of the site we piopose. Often men-
tioned, it cannot be touched on too frequently.
1 have not disguised from the House that we
need in Philadelphia more ample room for a
Government ship-yard, but while it would be
wroriff not to accept this gift of the city of Phil-
adelphia, as urged by the President and Navy
Department ever since 18B2, the reasons are
national, not local ones ; and what commends
League Island above everything, and would
render it of great value to the nation, is that it
is always surrounded by fresh water. This is
not pretended in favor of any of the places
named in the substitute.
Gentlemen who have not looked carefully
at the subject may think that this is of small
moment. It is of the first importance. At
the beginning of the war the South Carolina,
an iron blockading vessel, had her speed re-
duced from twelve to six knots an hour because
of the barnacles that fastened upon her. On
the other hand, the iron steamer Michigan, the
vessel that captured the Fenians .the other day,
built in 1844, and which has been upon the
fresh water of our lakes ever since, has never
needed any repairs to her hull. The great de-
fect that has been found in England and France
with iron and iron-clad vessels is not only that
they corrode in saltwater, but that the capacity
of the engines, the efficiency of the vessels, and
their speed has been very greatly reduced,
almost fifty per cent, at times, on account of
their fouling in salt water and their lack of
fresh-water navy-yards gfcar which to cleanse
them. Admiral liobinSOT, of England, speaks
of "the rapidity with which an iron ship gets
foul, and the immense loss of all the ship's
qualities that follows from the adhesion of
zoophytes. No practical remedy,'' he adds,
"has been found for this serious disadvantage.
Repeated docking and cleaning is the only pal-
liative."
Before I forget it, let me say here that the
result of the examinations of English parlia-
mentary committees is that an iron vessel loses
at least one mouth in tl.e year, because it has
to be docked twice a year and it takes fully two
weeks to scrape and paint and clean it.
The acting officer at L'Orient gave as his
only objection to iion ships their fouling, add-
ing that docks, or scrapers and rubbers, would
euro that. If they had the Delaware river in
that locality they would have had a scraper
somewhat, more to their mind.
The London Times continually contains
advertisements, sometimes offering as much as
£10,000 for the discovery of some effective
means for keeping iron vessels as clean as
copper now keeps the bottoms of wooden ves-
sels, upon the condition that no patent shall be
granted for the process, but shall be open for
the use of the Government and the public.
Mr. James Beazley, the chairman of the
Ship-Owners' Association, ol'Liverpool, writes,
"There is only the fouling against the iron
ships, which none of the patents yet get over;
for when they do claim to have done so, it was
the action of the tides in fresh water that had
cleaned their bottoms," as at Calcutta. For
Calcutta tiade iron ships answer best, and for
that tiade half'a dozen iron ships to one wooden
one are used.
One more reference. John Grantham, of
London, says:
"fouling is the difficulty with thcWanior: it is
the incubus that is on the minds of us all; that ships
going to foreign climes, unless they can go straight
from one port to another and into hcsli watei rivers,
must become foul."
Freshwater, then, for a station is second only
to defonsibility, and Philadelphia was sought
by the Government because of her fresh-water
stream, for in times of peace our iron-clad
navy, as well as our wooden navy, can lay
there and be cleaned without any additional
expense, and without the loss to which these
ships would bo subject at New London or any
eligible place thus far presented. There is an
ingenious suggestion in the modest New Lon-
don pamphlet, namely, by "providing means
for taking such vessels out of water when not
required for immediate service." Expensive
as this would be, the notion is not an original
one, as Admiral Spencer, in England, stated it
in April. 1804, in his evidence before the select
committee on dock-yards. He says that as
the bottoms of iron ships not only corrode if
not covered with a composition, but get cov-
ered with barnacles and weeds even then, it
would be a great advantage to place on pon-
toons all the iron ships not wanted for imme-
diate service: " for," said he, " as longas ships'
bottoms are of iron, and unprotected from
fouling as they now are, iron ships can never
be said to be ready for service." No wonder
the advocates of New London thought of pon-
toons, or proposed to bring fresh water trom
a reservoir "at an elevation of about one hun-
dred feet" to fill docks with, for iron-clads
when not in service.
One argument more, and then I shall be
through. My friend from New London [Mr.
Brandegee] speaks of the expense of piling
that will be necessary at League Island. Now,
let me say to the gentleman that we have before
us the testimony of naval officers ; we have, and
have had for a century at least, two hundred
and thirty-five acres of fast land where there
need be hardly any piling; an area larger than
that of all the navy-yards of the United States
that are now in active operation. There is
other land there almost as good as that; and
therefore the objection made by him is that
we offer twice as much as we need to offer. I
invite the attention of the House to this matter
of the expense of filling up this ground to three
feet above high-water mark. There are houses
now upon the land, with brick chimneys that
have stood the storms of years, and have not
settled or sunk any. There are large oaks there
which show the character of the soil; tons on
tons of hay are cut there yearly, and the people
who live there do not find the place at all
unhealthy.
But suppose the expense of filling in should
be, what the gentleman from New London
supposes it will be, about a million dollars.
When did we ever before stickle at expense,
especially when the gift saves to the Govern- .
menl three times that sum ? Sir, we have in
this Congress loaned $0,000,000—I am afraid
we shall never get it back, though I hope we
shall—to build a ship-canal around Niagara falls
from Lake Erie to Lake Ontario. The pre-
amble to the bill sots forth that it is for war
purposes, and to provide for that defense which
we now ask this House to provide for.
In the appropriations for this year I find that
we have purchased Scavy's Island at Ports-
mouth for §110,000, and New York alone has
obtained over $050,000 for her navy-yard at
Brooklyn, including dredging, the river wall
extension, and other expenses of that kind.
There was no objection made to these neces-
sary outlays. And let me say here that the
navy-yard in Brooklyn was continued on Wall-
about bay, with a surface soil of ten feet of
decomposed vegetable matter, with a quick-
sand below it. It cost $--30,000 for piling,
yet I have not heard any objections to this
cost, and the improvements have made it an
honor, not only to New York, but to the Union.
There is another bill in this House which will
come up shortly, and upon which I hope my
friend [Mr. Buaxdegee] will be heaid, as he
was last year—a bill appropriating $2,'200,000
to the contractors for constructing your iron-
clads, who, for lack of facilities, for lack of the
means which a great national navy-yard alone
would have given, have had to come to Con-
gress and ask that we shall make up to them
the losses which they could not avoid.
If the gentleman had not, year after year,
persistently opposed the views of the Navy
Department, persistently prevented the Gov-
ernment from adopting a location for a naval
station, this bill would not now be before us,
and we should not be asked to award to these
gentlemen a sum 'which the Secretary of the
Navy almost tells us is incurred becausc year
after year his recommendations have been
negatived or passed by in silence. Time and
again these men, with their insufficient accom-
modations, and with the Government as their
only employer, have been obliged to go behind-
hand and fail, or else to come to the Govern-
ment. for relief. This is what we would have
saved if my friend (who I hope will be kept
here for years by a grateful constituency) had
not been in Congress at all.
These expenses that are talked about as
necessary to be incurred to put League Island
in proper condition are but trifling. The sum
