1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2055
time of exercising it, it may authorize a removal
either before or after judgment. The time, the pro-
ik's.-. and the manner in:;-! be subject to its absolute
legislative control. A writ of error is, indeed, but a -
process which removes the record of one court to the
possession of another court, and enables the latter to
inspect the proceedings and give such judgment as
its own opinion of the law and justice of the case may
warrant. There is nothing in the nature of the pro-
cess which forbids it from being applied by the Legis-
lature to interlocutory as well as final judgments.
And if the right of removal from State courts exist
before judgment, because it is included in the appel-
late power, it must, for the sa*ne reason, exist after
judgment."
And in conclusion the court say:
" It is an historical fact that the Supreme Court of
the United States have, from time to time, sustained
this appellate jurisdiction in agroat variety of cases
brought from the tribunals of many of the most im-
portant States in the Union; and tnatno State tribu-
nal has ever breathed a judicial doubt on the sub-
ject and declined to obey the mandate of the Supreme
Court until the presentoecasion. This weight of con-
temporaneous exposition by ail parties, this acquies-
cence of enlightened State courts, and these judicial
decisions of the Supreme Court through so long a
period, clo, as we think, place the doctrine upon a
foundation of authority which cannot be shaken
without delivering over the subject to perpetual and
irremediable doubts."
I understand that it has been repeatedly
decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States, so that the question now is regarded as
finally settled, that where, in a State 'court, a
party sued makes a defense under the Consti-
tution, laws, or treaties of the United States,
ho has a right to have that cause removed at
any time during its progress from the State court
to a court of the United States, and there have
the questions involved adjudicated. I think
fltcre can be no question, upon this authority,
uud upon otherdccisions of a like nature of the
Supreme Court of the United States, as lo the
constitutionality of this section, because it is
manifest that a military officer ill the discharge
of his duty is acting under the law or the au-
thority of the United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLK I move to amend the
pcn'iing amendment, which is the proposition
of the Senator ironi Delaware lo strike out the
fourth section of the bill, by striking out of the
seventh line simply the word "judges." and
. then the section will remain as it now is. declar-
ing that ■ - all parlies, officers, and other per-
sons thenceforth proceeding thereunder, or by
color thereof, shall be liable/' &e. There is
no necessity, in order to give full effect to this
section, that you should undertake to declare
that the judges who act in a judicial capacity
shall be made liable. If you declare that all
the parties are liable to prosecution, that the
ministerial officers who act under it are liable,
or any other person that volunteers to do it,
yon have just as good a remedy for the defense
of the person as if )ou declare that the judges
themselves are to lie made responsible for what
they do in a judicial capacity. It is a novel
tiling in the history of the United States to
make the judges of a State court, wdio are act-
ing judicially upon their responsibility as judges,
and judging upon the validity of laws, respon-
sible. 1 do not see any purpose in it. and it
may make objections to the bill, vdiich other-
wise would lie removed.
The question may arise, and be seriously con-
sidered. whether this bill, making a defense by
act of Congress against a claim of an individ-
ual for injuries to person or property, malting
the order of a superior officer a defense in all
cases, is or is not constitutional. If that be a
question seriously raised, a judge sitting in a
•State court, just as much as a judge sitting in
a Federal court, is called upon to act judi-
cially. He must not act in tcrrornn : he must
not act in fear of an indictment or in fear of
a prosecution because he gives judgment one
way or the other. Therefore, it seems to me it
would be wise to strike out the word '' judges,''
for i do not think it adds any strength to the
section. As all the other parties are made re-
sponsible, I do not see the necessity of holding
the judge personally liable in a matter where
he is exercising his judgment in a judicial
capacity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been several times
stated in the Senate heretofore that it is a novel
thing to hold a judge responsible for what he
does as a judge. I have replied to that, and I
have read the authority in Kont, and from the
statutes of more States than one, making a
judge of a court responsible for an act done by
him as a judge; and why it should be repre-
sented here that this is a novel provision I am
at a loss to know. I refer again, as I have it
before me, to the authority as given by Kent in
the first volume of his Commentaries, page 040.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. About embassadors?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir, it has nothing
to do with embassadors. There is a law of the
United States making judges responsible for
issuing writs against embassadors when they
do it in their judicial capacity. But there is a
law in the State of New York, and I doubt not
in the State of Wisconsin—I have not looked
into the a.cts of "Wisconsin, but 1 presume it is
so there ; if it is not, it ought to be: it is so in
Mississippi, and I presume it is generally so in
all the States—that makes a judge of a court
while acting as a court responsible in damages
and to imprisonment when he refuses to issue
a writ of habeas corpus, or when he imprisons
a man by judicial act who has been discharged
on a writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend
will allow me to say that it is not when the
judge acts in a judicial cajjaeity at all. In that
case he is acting simply as a commissioner
would act in the issuing of a writ, and if he at
chambers refuses to issue the writ he is made
responsible. But, sir, if the supreme court of
Illinois, or of \\ iscousiu, sitting as a court, on
an application for habeas corpus, should judi-
cially refuse it, does the Senator pretend that
the court and the judges would lie responsible
and made liable to line and imprisonment
for refuting it? Not at all. i say that the bill
is wholly novel, so far as lhat provision is con-
cerned, when you apply it to a judge acting in
his judicial capacity in a court. It is a differ-
ent affair when you apply it to a judge nt eham-
b< rs. lie is bound to act like any commissioner
of the court to issue the writ.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is exactly what I
mean to say; that when acting as a court, not
as a commission and at chambers, the judges
are made responsible; and so says Kent. I
shall have the volume here in a moment, but
while it is being sent for, I will read an extract
which I have before me from the volume, and
when 1 read it I hope the Senator from Wis-
consin will take back all he has said.
"The penalty of c,l,000"—
says Kent—
"is given in favor of the party a^r'"vcd,
< ■ otlicer and every member ol Hie oouit absent-
ing tu the refusal."
Thai is, the refusal to grant the writ of habeas
COIJIUS.
Mr. COWAN. That is, to take cognizance
of the case at all.
Mr. TliUMBULL. We will see what thai is.
I read now from page GIG. wherein the author
is treating upon the writ of habeas corpus, the
great writ of right, in which he says:
" The penalty of si,000 is snven in favor of the party
aggrieved, against every officer and every member
of the court absenting to tile refusal, if any court"—
Is that a judge in chambers?
"if any court or officer authorized to grant the writ
shall refuse it when legally applied for."
■ Is that a commissioner? If the judge refuses
the writ when legally applied for, he is sub-
jected to the penalty of 81,000. Now, savsthe
Senator from Pennsylvania, that means when
it is not in court. Is it not in court when the
application is made to the couit? Is not the
case there? And for refusing that great writ
to a paru who is entitled to it, the judge is
liable to this penalty. What further does Kent
say? In treating still further upon this sub-
! ject, and wherein he treats upon the rearrest
S of a party who has once been discharged by
! writ of habeas corpus, lie says :
! "And final!}, if any person solely, or as a member
i of any court, or in execution of any order, knowingly
I reimprisons such party, he forfeits apenaity of ^1,250
i to the party aggrieved, and is to be deemed guilty of
misdemcanui and itabic to tine and impri.-or.ment."
: Now, what becomes of your proposition that
it must be done as a commissioner and at cham-
bers, and the "novelty" of the proposition?
What further says Kent?
"The habeas corpus aet of Mississippi makes the
refusal or neglcct of any judge or judges to grant_
the writ a high misdemeanor and an impeachable'
offense."
Again:
, " The habeas corpus act in Illinois confines the liabil-
lty of the judge to a penalty for refusing to issue a
writ of habeas corpus when legally applied for to a
corrupt refusal/ "
When a party applies for the writ, and the
court or any member of a court decides that
he is not entitled to that writ, and if in the State
of Illinois he makes a corrupt decision, lie is
liable to fine and imprisonment. In the State
of New York it is not required by the terms of
the act that it should be shown that the decis-
ion is corrupt, but any court refusing to grant
the writ when a party is legally entitled to it is
subject to a penalty, and any judge of a court
or member of a court who knowingly reimpris-
ons a party who has been discharged on a writ
of habeas corpus is liable both to line and im-
prisonment, and even to impeachment in the
State of Mississippi.
Now, what is the provision in this bill? It
is not to imprison the party; but the provision
here is that all parties, judges, officers, and
other persons thenceforth proceeding with a
case, after it has been removed to the United
States court, or after the proper steps have
been taken for the removal of the cause to the
United States court shall be liable. If a State
judge undertakes, then, to act and proceed in
that case, he acts without jurisdiction and he
is made liable by the provisions of the bill, and
he ought to be made liable; and my friend from
Michigan [Mr. Howard] says he would be
liable at tlio common law, too.
This law that is proposed here is no such inno-
vation, no such extraordinary provision as some
gentlemen suppose. In my opinion, the main
feature of the statute now proposed is nothing
but a declaration of what the law is. A party
is always protected in the discharge of a duty
which isputupon him. The United States have
authority to carry on war, to raise armies, to
appoint officers, to prescribe rules and regula-
tions for the government of the armies. One
of those rules and regulations makes the private
soldier and the subordinate officer obedient to
his superior commander. By law, at the peril
of his liberty and of his life, he is required to
execute the orders issued by his superior offi-
cers. In the execution of those orders he is to
! beproU-cled. The common law protects him—
just as much protects the private soldier in the
] State of Kentucky in the execution of the order
1 of an officer, as it protects a constable or a
sheriff in the execution of a writ issued by com-
! pet out authority.
1 B"t, sir, some of the State courts in these
rebellious States refuse so to understand the
law ; they say thai, acts done mWer military
authority afford no protection. Hence we pro-
pose to pass this statute declaring that the fact
that the act was done by command of the supe-
rior officer in the discharge of his duty shall
be a defense ; and the State courts refusing so
to treat it, that the United States court shall
have jurisdiction of such cases. It would be
the most monstrous proposition ever advocated,
and utterly destructive of all government, if
the citizen who is required to render obedience
to the Government is not to be protected in
the acts which he does in rendering that obe-
dience. Can it be possible that the Govern-
ment of the United States may call into its
service and into its armies, in order to main-
tain the honor of the nation and the integrity
of the Union, every citizen in -the land, and
compel ilim to sen e, and then has no poyer
to protect him against prosecutions for doing
the acts which he was compelled by the Gov-
ernment to do ? Sir, such cannot be the law.
But I did not rise with a view of arguing the
question, but simply to reply to this assumption
which has been set up here in the Senate and
repeated as if it -would seem that those repeat-
ing it were getting to believe it, that it was a.
