1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
joint resolution No. 83, concerning the State of
Tennessee, on which Mr. Bingham was enti-
tled to the floor.
The pending question was on the substitute
offered by Mr. Bingham, on which he had de-
manded the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 withdraw the demand
for the previous question in order to modify
verbally the substitute.
The substitute, as modified, was read as
follows:
Joint resolution declaring Tennessee again entitled
to Senators and Representatives in Congress.
Whereas the State of Tennessee has in good faith
ratified the article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, proposed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress to the Legislatures of the several States,
and has also shown, to the satisfaction of Congress,
by a proper spirit of obedience in the body of her
people, her return to her due allegiance to the Gov-
ernment, laws, and authority of the United States:
Therefore,
lie it resolved Tiy the Senate and Rouse of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the State of Tennessee is hereby restored
to her former proper, practical relation to theUnion,
and is again entitled to be represented by Senators
and Representatives in Congress, duly elected and
qualified, upon their taking the oaths of office re-
quired by existing laws.
Mr. BINOrHAM. I renew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will the gentleman yield
to allow an amendment to be offered?
Mr.BINGHAM. I will allowit to be read,
reserving my right to the floor.
The Clerk read the amendment of Mr. Bout-
well, as follows:
That whenever Tennessee shall have ratified the
amendment to the Constitution proposed to the Le-
gislatures of the several States by the Thirty-Ninth
^ ongress, and shall have established an equal and
just system of suffrage forallmale citizens within its
jurisdiction who are not less than twenty-one years
of age, the Senators and Representatives of such
State, if found duly elected and qualified, may, after
haying taken the required oaths of office, bo admit-
ted into Congresses such: Provided, That nothing in
this section contained shall be so construed as to re-
quire the disfranchisement of any loyal person who
is now entitled to vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield to allow
that to be offered.
Mr. GAREIELD. Let us have a vote upon
it, and express our sentiments upon it.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. WARD. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer a substitute.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will allow it to be read,
but not to be offered at present.
The Clerk read Mr. Ward's amendment, as
follows:
"Whereas the State of Tennessee has in good faith
ratified the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress to the Legislatures of the several States, and
has shown otherwise to the satisfaction of Congress,
by a proper Fphit of obediencc in the body of her peo-
ple, her return to duo allegiance to the Government,
laws, and authority of the United States: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of liepresentativea
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the United States do hereby recognize the gov-
ernment of the State of Tennessee, inaugurated un-
der and by the convention which assembled on the
9th day of January, 1865, at the city of Nashville, as
the legitimate government of said State, entitled to
the guarantee and all other rights of a State govern-
ment under the Constitution of the United States.
Be it resolved, &c„ That the State of Tennessee is
hereby declared to be restored to her former proper,
practical relations to the Union, and again entitled
to be represented by Senators and Representatives
in Congress, duly elected and qualified, upon their
taking the oaths of office required by existing laws.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield for that.
_ Mr. LE BLOND. I ask my colleague to
yield to me to allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will allow it to be read,
retaining the floor.
The Clerk read Mr. Le Blond's amendment,
as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting words and insert
as follows:
That the State of Tennessee is entitled to be repre-
sented by Senators and Representatives in Congress,
duly elected and qualified, upon taking the oath of
office.
Mr. BINGHAM. I cannot yield for that
purpose. I insist on the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The question was put upon seconding tlie
demand for the previous question, and there
were—ayes 69, noes 7 ; no quorum voting.
3975'
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bingham
and Lb Blond were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes ninety-four, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I now demand a sepa-
rate vote on the preamble and resolution.
The SPEAKER. Thatwill be in order after
the vote on the substitute. The question will
be first on the preamble and then on tire joint
resolution.
The substitute was agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the
joint resolution, as amended, to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I desire to make
a suggestion to my colleague [Mr. Bingham]
in regard to a verbal amendment of his resolu-
tion. My recollection of the Constitution is that
it provides for the ratification by the Legisla-
tures of three fourths of the States. I suggest
to ray colleague that he substitute for the words
'' State of Tennessee "the words '1 Legislature
of the State'Of Tennessee."
Mr. BINGHAM. Oh, that is not necessary
at all.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to any modification.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
The question recurred upon ordering the
preamble to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. BROMWELL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. RAYMOND. I rise to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I understand the Chair to decide
that the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] as a substitute for
the original resolution has been ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. RAYMOND. But it has not yet been
read the third time?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. RAYMOND. And the question is now
upon ordering the preamble to be engrossed
and read a third time?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. RAYMOND. After the preamble shall
have been ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time, can we then have separate votes on
the resolution and preamble?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will read from
page 137 of the Digest:
"In the case of a resolution with a preamble there
is no difficulty as to the time at which the preamble
is to be considered, nor in any case in Committee of
the Whole; but in the House, in the case of a bill
with a preamble, there is some uncertainty as to the
particular stage in which the bill must be when it is
proper to considerthcpreamble. Itwouldseem that
it might appropriately be done after f ho bill has been
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and
before the thn-d reading takes pla,ce. By this course
the bill can bo engrossed either with or without the
preamble, as the Ilouse shall have determined. But
where a separate vote on the preamble is not asked
for before the bill is read a third time, the preamble
is considered as adopted."
The resolution has been ordered to be en-
grossed, and the quesiion now recurs whether
the preamble shall be engrossed. If the House
vote against engrossing the preamble, then the
resolution itself only will be read the third
time. The only way in which a separate vote
can be had upon the preamble is by calling
for it now.
Mr. RAYMOND. If the preamble shall
be ordered to bo engrossed, will there be any
way afterwards of obtaining separate votes
upon the preamble and resolution?
The SPEAKER, There will not.
Mr. RAYMOND. Then, for the purpose
of obtaining those separate votes, I move to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yrork [Mr. Raymond] can arrive at what he
desires by calling for a separate vote oil order-
ing the preamble to be engrossed.
Mr. RAYMOND. But we do not have the
yeas and nays on the resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. We can have them on
the passage.
^r\^-YMOND. "*• >.™derstand the Chair
to decide that the resolution and the preamble
must be voted on together.
The SPEAKER. If the preamble shall be
ordered to be engrossed, it will be read and
voted upon with the resolution.
Mr. RAYMOND. Then, for the purpose
of having separate votes upon the preamble
and the resolution, I ask the House to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
I called for separate votes upon the preamble
and resolution, and understood the Chair to
state that that right was reserved to me.
The SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand the Chair
now to decide that if the preamble is ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time then we
cannot have separate votes upon them.
The SPEAKER. Separate votes cannot be
had after the order for engrossment, but they
can bo had now. After the resolution has
been ordered to be engrossed, if any member
desires a separate vote upon the preamble it
can be_ had before the third reading of the
resolution upon ordering the preamble to be
engrossed.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Raymond to reconsider the vote by which
the j oint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr.'HOTCHKISS. I would inquire, if we
vote against ordering the preamble to be en-
grossed, will not that secure what my colleague
[Mr. Raymond] wants, a separate vote ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly it will.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Why is not that all he
wants ?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is all we need.
Mr. RAYMOND. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider the vote upon ordering the resolu-
tion to be engrossed, and ask for a sepnrate
vote upon ordering the preamble to be en-
grossed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the previous
question upon ordering the preamble to be
engrossed.
Mr. DAWSON. I rise to a question of order.
When the Chair stated that the question was
upon ordering the resolution to be engrossed
and read a third time, I demanded the yeas and
nays, and the Chair recognized my demand.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman called for
the yeas and nays upon ordering the preamble
to be engrossed, but afterward withdrew that
call.
Mr. DAWSON. The Chair, I beg to state,
is in error. My call for the yeas and nays was
up on ordering the resolution to be engrossed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman withdrew
his call for the yeas and nays, and it was too
late to renew it after several members had put
inquiries to the Chair, as will be seen by refer-
ence to the Globe to-morrow.
Mr. JENCKES. I renew the motion to re
consider the vote by which the House ordered
the resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 29, not vot-
ing 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, DelosR. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Baxter, Eidwell,
Bingham, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Reader W .
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Davis, Dawes, Defrees,
Delano, Deming, Donnelly,Driffgs,Eckley,Eggleston,,
Farnsworth, Farquhtir,Kerry,Garfield, Gtossbrenncr,
Abner C. Harding, Hart, Higby, Holmes Hooper,
Hotchkise, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
J ohn H. Hubbard, James K. Hubbell, Hulburd. Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Julian, Kasson, Kerr, Kelcham,
