m
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
December 12,
.Credentials from the same State now on
the files of the Clerk, iTe referred to the joint
committee of fifteen,: when the same shall be
appointed. ■ On that motion I demand the pre-
vious question.
; Mr. JOHNSON. I call for the reading of
the credentials.
■ The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman de-
sire that all the certificates shall be read, or
:only one 1
Mr. JOHNSON. One will be sufficient, if
they are alike.
1 Mr.' RAYMOND. I understand that the*
certificates are precisely similar in form.
The Clerk read, as follows :
State of Tennessee, Executive Department,
Nashville, November 13,1865.
Tg all who shall see these presents, greeting :
T, William O. Brownlow, Governor of the State of
Tennessee, do hereby certify that, at a general elec-
tion, opened and lield in said Stale, on theiii'stThurs-
day -iifeAugust, A. I). 1865, for tlxe purpose of electing
Representatives of the State of Tennessee in the
Thirty-Ninth Congress of the United Statos, Horace
Maynard, of the county of Knox, was rcL-r. hu ;y
elected, in accordance vath the laws of the State of
Tennessee and of the United States, Iteprosentative
'in said Congress from the second congressional dis-
trict, composed of tho counties of Claiborne, Union,
Knox, Campbell, Scott, Morgan, Anderson, Blount,
JHonroo, Polk, Mcilinn, Bradley, and ltoane.
And 1 do therefore commission the said Horace
Maynard Bepresentative in Congress as aforesaid,
daring the term, and with all the powers, privileges,
. and emoluments appertaining.
In testimony whereof, I have hereunto subscribed
mynamo and caused the great seal of theState
[l.s.] ol Tennessee to be affixed, at the department
in the city of Nashville, this l.'ith dav of No-
vember, 1865. W. U. BROWNLOW.
By the Governor:
A. J.- Fletcher, Secretary of State.
ftlr. BING-3AM. I beg leave to make an
"appeal to my honorable friend from Now York
to withdraw his demand for the previous ques-
tion that 1 may make a suggestion which I hope
may meet his acceptance, and thereby avoid
any controversy at present with regard to this
subject, while it will perhaps accomplish the
object which he has in view.
Mr. RAYMOND. I waive. for the present,
my demand for the previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I merely wish to make an
appeal to the gentleman. I do not desire to
defeat his purpose to demand the previous ques-
tion. I ask him to consider the propriety of
substituting for tlie-motion which he has offered
something like this:
Hetolvcd, That the joint coimaittee of fifteen, when
appointed, lie instructed to injure and ropnrtto this
House whether the State of Tennessee, hitherto de-
clared in insurrection against the Government of the
United States, has organized a constitutional govern-
ment, republican in form, and conformable to the
Constitution and laws of the United States, and is
entitled to representation m the Congress ot the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to make
a suggestion to the gentleman from New York.
- Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman [Mr.
jFikok] please, 1 am addressing myself to the
gentleman from New Y'ork at present, and I
ask him to consider the propriety of presenting
his proposition in the way suggested, for the
reason that it must lie obvious to ihe gentle-
man's mind, on a moment's reflection, that to
receive and refer credentials of these gentlemen,
as Representatives from the State of Tennessee,
will bo to declare by implication that Tennes-
see is entitled to representation in Congress,
without inquiry into the fact whether in Ten-
nessee there is a constitutional Slate govern-
ment. We want tho joint committee first to
report on that question as a question of fact.
That is a question for the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, and it can only be decided by Con-
gress, as the gentleman knows. If Congress
decide there is such State government, then I
am, forone, ready to admit her Representatives,
if duly elected and qualified.
^Mr. FTNCK. 1 ask the gentleman from
New York to yield to me.
• Mr. RAYMOND. l do, for a suggestion.
Mr. FINCK. I wish, as my colleague has
done already, to make a suggestion. ! surec jt
that the gentleman from Hew York wiihdraw
his motion, and/ instead, move that the gen- !
tlemen, whose credentials have just been pre- !
sented and read, shall be at once sworn in as
members of this House.
Mr. RAYMOND. Thatlmustdeclineto do.
In reply to the point, or rather the request,
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bijtg-
ham,] it is due to frankness to say, that for my
own part I have no such doubts as those he
professes for himself. I do not personally,
therefore, see the necessity for making the
inquiry which he specifies.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me. I do not express myself as having doubts.
I have no opinion to express on that subject at
present: but I ask the gentleman to consider
that the Congress of the United States, in the
progress of the rebellion, has set one remark-
able precedent for our consideration touch-
ing this matter. Virginia was declared in in-
surrection, as was Tennessee. The Congress of
the United States, when the question wn s raised
whether the State of Virginia had reorganized,
decided that question as a Congress; and after-
ward it resulted that a new State, formed within
the State of Virginia by the consent of such
reorganized State government, was admitted to
representation in the Senate and House as a
State of the Union.
Mr. DKIGGS. 1 rise to a question of order:
that the resolution appointing a committee of
fifteen expressly declares, by the eonscnt of this
House, all papers relating to the seats of mem-
bers from the southern .States shall bo referred
to that committee without debate.
Several Members. That resolution has not
passed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order on the ground that the resolu-
tion, by its terms, requires the concurrence of
both Houses before it can go into force. This
House has intimated what is its desire, but the
resolution is not binding on either House until
agreed to by both. V hat will be its language
when it shall be agreed to by both Houses the
Chair cannot now determine. Matters may bo
referred to them, but the resolution is not bind-
ing on either House as yet.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to suggest to tho
gentleman that his resolution is precisely the
resolution appointing that committee. I do
not see any particular objection to refer it.
Mr. GR1DER. Mr. Speaker, I do not feel
myself otherwise than as inclined to organize
the House according to the ordinary way, and
without delay. The party who presents his
claim to a seat upon this il'oorhas had his cre-
dentials read. There can be no objection to
them. They are in form. It is a plain ques-
tion whether Mr. Maynard. who has been a
member (if this House for years, I think dur-
ing the whole rebellion, shall be again entitled
to his scat upon this floor, with his colleagues,
under a regular certificate of election from the
Governor of Tennessee, and having been reg-
ularly elected by the people of that State. And
there is nobody contesting his right to a seat.
I hope, therefore, that ire will go at once, to
the proposition whether Mr. Maynard and his
colleagues shall be permitted to take their seats
or not.
Mr. RAYTMOND. I renew my demand for
the previous question.
Air. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania: I desire
to make a suggestion to the gentleman from
New York which I think will meet his views
entirely.
Mr. "RAYMOND. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question to hear tlie sugges-
tion.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPenrisylvania. Hisprop-
osition proposes to refer the matter to a joint
committee. Now, the Constitution provides
that we shall be the judges of the qualification
of our own members. I suggest, therefore, that
he shall modify his motion so as to refer to a
committee of this House of nine members.
Mr. JOHNSON. I inquire of the Chair
whether a motion to refer to the Committee of
Elections will take precedence of a motion to
refer to a committee which has not yet a legal
existence?
The SPEAKER. If the resolution of the
gentleman fro.m New York be voted down it
will be in order, but not till then.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I wish to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from New York. As
the joint committee-has not yet been appointed,
and as the condition upon which that commit-
tee is to act, if appointed, is not yet known,
would it not be well to postpone the consider-
ation of this subject for one week until that
committee is formed? If that motion would
be in order, I will move to postpone the whole
subject one week.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. It is that the gentleman
from New York cannot yield the floor any fur-
ther without he yields it unconditionally.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman may yield
it for the purpose of personal explanation, or
explanation of the pending measure. The
Chair will have the rule read.
Tho Clerk read the rule, as follows:
""While a member is occupying the floor he may
yield it to another for an explanation of the pending
measure, as well as for personal explanation."
Mr. RAYMOND. Personally, 1 have no
choice as to which committee these credentials
should go. If I could follow the bent of my
own inclinations I would move their reference
to the Election Committee, which I regard as
the proper committee to take charge of them.
Nor do I suppose our action is at all bound by
the concurieut resolution which passed this
House, and remains without the action of the
Senate. But I feel it is due, out of deference
to the opinions members of this House have
expressed upon tho subject, and also to the ac-
tion the Senate may take, to move a reference
to the joint committee. This subject will be
duly considered by that committee, and then it
will be open to our action.
As to the matter being postponed one week,
I will say that my object is to secure the earliest
possible action upon the papers and the ques-
tions they involve.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman yield to*
me to make an inquiry?
Mr. RAYMOND. I will.
Mr. SMITH. I understood the gentleman,
when ho presented the credentials, to say that
the gentlemen claiming seats from Tennessee
occupied a different position from others. No
other credentials from any of Ihe States lately
in rebellion have been presented. These come
regularly, and thegentleman suggested that his
own preference would be to have them referred
to the Committee of Elections. Now. wouldit
not be best, and will not the House consent,
under the peculiar circumstunces.-ioj.eferthese
papeis to the Committee of Elections? That
strikes me as the proper committee, because
this is a very peculiar case.
The State of Tennessee has'done everything
that the Government of the United States'would
demand. She has repudiated the rebel debt;
she has passed tho constitutional amendment;
she has rendered null and void all the ordi-
nances of secession; and she lias sent here to
represent her men who have been in the war on
the side of the Government from 18G2 to its
close, and who have shown their devotion to
the Union to be equal to that of any man in
either House of Congress. Every one of those
who have been elected can eomebeforcthebar
of the House and take the oath prescribed by
the laws of the country.
I ask the gentlenmn from New Y'ork to move
the reference of the credentials to the Commit-
tee of Elections, that thev may be acted on at
once, and those gentlemen received into this
body.
Mr. RAYMOND. I renew my demand for
the previous question.
Ihe previous questionwas seconded, and tho
main question ordered to be put.
_Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Is a division
of the question in order?
The SPEAKER. In what respect?
_ Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. On the ques-
tion of reception and reference.
The SPEAKER. It is not. It is entirely
too late to raise the question of reception.
