2056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
novel thing to punish a judge. The Senator
from Wisconsin tells you that there is no neces-
sity for it; punish the officer who executes the
process ; pass a law and put the responsibility
upon the subordinate or the officer; let the
judge issue an order and let the officer, the
subordinate who is to execute it, take the re-
sponsibility and decide whether it is lawful or
not. Sir, I am for going to the source of in-
iquity. I would take the head chief who under-
takes to persecute Union men for doing their
duty. I-would take the man who issues the
order, if he does it knowingly, as he must do
it if he does it after the necessary steps have
been taken to remove the ease to the Federal
courts. I would produce no such confusion
into our judicial proceedings as to place upon
the subordinate, the officer who is to execute
the process, the responsibility of deciding
whether it is void or not. Let the man whom
the States place in the judicial office act on his
responsibility, and if he acts corruptly or know-
ingly to oppress the most insignificant Union
man that in defense of his country has com-
mitted an act for which he is sued, I would
hold him responsible.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, my hon-
orable friend from Illinois seems from his tone
and manner to think that he has made a very
great victory in quoting from Kent, but he has
not answered the point that I raised. I say
that in the refusal to issue a writ of habeas
corpus the officer or the persons who sit as a
court denying it are not acting judicially; there
is no judgment given to them, for there is no
cause before them. The question of the issu-
ance of the writ is a mere ministerial act; the
law requires it to be done for the purpose of
bringing the case before the court; and when
the judges act on the question, whether they
issue the writ or not, they do not act on any
judicial discretion ; they act ministerially; they
act under statutes positi\ely requiring the writ
to be issued; and for what? lo inquire and
see whether a man is restrained of his liberty
or not; and the statutes assume to punish
the judges for not inquiring into the case, not
for what they do when they do inquire into a
case: it is for their refusing to take jurisdic-
tion of a case in order to hear it at all. They
do not have any judicial determination on the
question whether the individual sits in cham-
bers or in court 
Mr. CLARK. What judicial discretion has
the judge here when directed to obey an order
to transfer the cause to the United States
circuit court,?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Suppose the judge sit-
ting as a court, when the the question is argued
and heard upon both sides as to the constitu-
tionality of a provision of this bill, believes in
his conscience that it is unconstitutional, what
shall he decide? That is the question ; and if
he decides the one way or the other, is he to be
made criminally responsible or civilly liable
for his judgment? In issuing a writ of habeas
corpus, there is no judgment; it is a mere min-
isterial act done by an officer sitting at cham-
bers or by the judges sitting together in banc.
It makes no difference whether the application
is made to them in either way; there is no
judgment on the question of issuing it. They
do not hear any argument, and determine or
pass on any question in issuing the writ in the
first instance; but after the writ has been issued
and the party is brought before the judge or
before the court, and they have jurisdiction of
the case, they are then called upon to pass
judicially upon the questions involved in the
habeas corpus. Does the Senator from Illi-
nois contend that they would be liable, or any
one of them liable, for proceeding in the case
alter thrv had issued the writ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do you want an answer?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator can wait
until I finish. Now, Mr. President, what I
said in the beginning was, that it is a novel
proceeding to punish a judge criminally or
make him responsible civilly for his judgment
where a case is actually before him, a question
is raised, and ho is called upon as a judge to
decide that question either ay or no; and it is
for that reason tliat I would strike the judges
from this bill, because if it is to pass I wish to
make it as acceptable and as little objection-
able as possible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A friend just hands me
a newspaper to show how common a thing it
is for courts to hear writs of habeas corpus and
to make orders in regard to them:
" Order op the Court.—In the United States circuit
court, April term, I860. In the mutter of the petition
of Charles I). Coleman for a writ of habeas corpus.
This day comes the petitioner by Peter E. Bland and
George E. Leighton, his attorneys, who present to
( the court the petition of said petitioner, this day filed
1 herein, for a writ of habeas corpus to be directed to
the warden of the penitentiary for the State of Mis-
; souri, for the production of the body of the said
; Charles I). Coleman before this court, to do, submit
j to, and receive whatsoever shall be considered by
said court in that behalf concerning him, the said
' petitioner, upon the grounds and for the reasons and
! causes in said petition set forth; and the court hav-
ing examined the said petition, and being fully ad-
vised of and concerning the same, now orders that
said petition be granted, and that a writ of habeas
corpus be issued as prayed for therein, returnable
forthwith."
That looks a little like an order of the court;
it looks a little like a judicial decision. It has
that appearance. Attorneys appear in it. The
Senator says attorneys ne-ver appear and the
question is not argued on an application for a
I writ of habeas corpus.
; Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not say that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did not the Senator say
that the writ of habeas corpus was a ministe-
rial act, an act where no argument is heard on
granting it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not say that no
argument was ever heard on granting it. Some-
times arguments are heard by counsel on both
i sides.
| Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is a question
that is argued before and decided by the court,
and not by a judge at chambers. The laws of
| the United and the laws in my State authorize
! the courts to issue writs of habeas corpus.
! Mr. DOOLITTLE. But it is a question on
I which they cannotdecide judicially; onewhere
! there is no judicial discretion.
J Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a case upon which
I they do often refuse the writ of habeas corpus;
I it is not a matter which they are bound to de-
| cide one way, as is shown by the order which
1 have just read; it does not issue as a matter
of course.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me get through.
It is a great writ of right, but a party must
present a case showing that he is entitled to
the writ of habeas corpus.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He must set out in
form what the statute requires.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He has got to set out
what the statute requires and such circum-
stances as will entitle him to the writ. But
the Senator says it is a ministerial act for
which judges are punished, and that it is a
novel thing to punish anybody for a judicial
act. I remember the Senator once told an
anecdote in this body which ran something
like this: that on some occasion a justice of
the peace had made a very extraordinary
decision, and the attorney adversary to whom
the decision had been made took up a volume
of Blackstonc and read it to the justice of
the peace, showing that his decision was in
direct conflict with the law as laid down in
Blackstone:s Commentaries. The justice re-
plied that that was no authority for him.
"No," said the lawyer; " I did not read it
with the view of changing your opinion, but
simply to show what a fool old Blackstonc
was."' [Laughter.] Now, I propose to road
a sentence from Kent, not with a view of
changing the opinion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, for I do not expect to be able to
do that, for he says no judge for a judicial act
was ever made responsible, but I want to
show him what a great fool Chancellor Kent
was. [Laughter.]
"This last provision
Referring to the provision of the New York
law for fining and imprisoning a judge of the
court—
" is distinguished from that in any former statute on
the same subject by applying the penal sanction to
the members of any court acting judicially."
''Acting judicially," says Kent. It is dis-
tinguished from the former laws of the State
of Now York by applying the penalties and im-
prisonment to .the judges acting judicially.
That is what Kent says. Of course Kent did
not understand the law—-and of course this is
a novel provision, and of course Kent did not
know what "judicially'' meant, and that this
was necessarily a ministerial act and could not
be anything else!
Now, I submit to the Senate and to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, whetherheisnotmistaken
as to the novelty of this provision.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I think it
would be better to get back a little on this
question behind where the honorable Senator
from Illinois is so exceedingly positive about it
in his assertion of what the law may be-in the
premises. This, if I understand it, is the pro-
vision upon which the contest arises:
That if the State court shall, notwithstanding the
performance of all things required for the removal of
the ease to the eircuiteourt aforesaid, proceed further
in said cause or prosecution before said certificate is
produced, then, in that ease, all such further proceed-
ings shall be void and of none effect; and all parties,
judges, officers, and other persons, thenceforth pro-
ceeding thereunder, or by color thereof, shall be liable
in damages therefor to the party aggiieved, to be
recovered by action in a court of the State having
! proper jurisdiction, or in a circuit court of the United
States for the district in which such further proceed-
ings may have been had, or where the party, oflieer,
or other person, so offending, shall bo found: and
upon a recovery of damages in either court, the pai ty
plaintiff shall be entitled to double costs.
Now, Mr. President, this Government of the
United States is a Government of delegated
powers.
Mr. HOWE, (laughingly in his seat.) I
should like to see the authority for that.
Mr. COWAN. I am aware there are a great
many people who do not understand that, and
who really come here and attempt to be Sena-
tors of the United States, and to legislate here
upon this floor as if they were members of
Parliament, and as if they had omnipotent gov-
ernmental power over this country. I know
such gentlemen sneer; I know the3' snigger at
this doctrine; and I know that a man has a
right to snigger at his own disgrace, and nt his
own ignorance. He has that right, there is no
doubt. I know of no provision in the Consti-
tution which prevents a man from being just as
big a fool as he pleases. [Laughter.] 1 do not
know of any law to the contrary. J3ut I do
know that generally gentlemen and Senators
ought to listen calmly and carefully to what is
said on the other side, knowing the fallibility
and frailty of human judgment, and that there
is such a thing possible as that they may be
wrong.
The Constitution of the L'nited States says
that this is a Government of delegated powers.
' What is meant by that? That we have just
such power as is given in the Constitution by
the several States and the people of the several
States who compose this Union ; and for fear
that we should exercise any other or further
powers, when we come here we are called up
to your desk, sir, and required to take a solemn
oath that we will support the Constitution. I
am aware that oaths are used familiarly by
dicers; I am aware that in some mouths they
are but straws in the fire of the hot blood ; but in
the mouth of a Senator I suppose they mean
something. I suppose that when we come here
and take an oath that we will support the Con-
stitution, we are to look to the authority that it
confers upon us and will not endeavor to tran-
scend that authority even a hair's breadth.
Why? Because to do so is to transcend the
will of the American people. When we are to
have more authority, let the American people
confer it, and then we can legislate in the
premises.
Mr. President, what is the judicial authority
conferred by the Constitution upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States of America? It
