1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
February ^Si-
Mr. CONIJLING. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE EEPORT. .
The SPEAKER laid before the "House a
communication from the Commissioner of Pat-
ents, transmitting his &nnual report for 1865;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to
.be printed.
Mr. G-RINNELIj moved that ten thousand
extra copies Be printed.
The motion, under the law, was referred 'to
the Committee on Printing.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the-House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to take up the deficiency appropriation
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself in®
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Ashley, of Ohio, in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of the spe-
cial order, being House bill No. 80, making
additional appropi'iations, and to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 18taG, and for other
purposes.
The CHAIRMAN stated that general debate
had been terminated, and the bill was now being
considered under the five minutes' debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Mr. Chair-
roan, before the House proceeds with the con-
sideration of the bill where we left off. X ask
unanimous consent to go back to the SHli page
so that I may move to strike out from lino one
hundred and eighty-six to line one hundred and
ninety-one. I think I can make a statement
entirely satisfactory to the committee to show
they ought'lo be stricken ont.
Mr. OUANLER. Read what is proposed to
be stricken out.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For payment of claim:-; due for tlio construction and
Ittrniahmfc tho Baltimore eourt-bouso, $100,000.
For payment of claims duo for the repair oC Govern-
meat, warehouses anil construction of wharves, Staton
Island, Now York, 429,000.
t Messrs. CIIANLliRand J. L. THOMAS ob-
jected to going back.
Mr. WASllBUliNK, of Illinois. I ask gen-
tlemen to hear my statement.
Mr. (JIIANLKR. I do not object to the gen-
tleman making his statement.
Mr. WASHBURN!'!, of Illinois. I move,
sir, to strike out those lines for the reasons I
will state to the committee veiy briefly.
The provision"is for the payment of claims
duo for constructing and furnishing the Balti-
more courthouse, $109,000. When the matter
was up before I had not tho information which
I now have. I have since found, by inquiry
at the Treasury Department, that this appro-
priation is not at all (or the payment of claims
flue for the construction aud furnishing of this
Baltimore court-house, but is simply for dam-
acres. I have a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury on the subject, which I desire to be
read ; and then I will make a i'url her statement
to show to Congress the carelessness which has
been displayed at the Treasury Department in
regard to this matter.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, February 10,1866.
SrR: In answer to your verbal inquiry relative to
tho nature of the claimof 00,000 for construelinK the
Baltimore, Maryland, court-house, and of $29,000 for
construction of wharves and repair;: of Government
warehouses at Staton Island, New York, I herewith
respectfully submit the iollowing:
the contract for constructing the court-house at
JSaltimore, Maryland, was made in 1800 with Mr. N.
Osborne, from Koehcster, New York, Was suspended
by order of'the Department in Alay, 1861, and resumed
al«o by order of the Department, in June, 1802. As
only a small portion of the work had been done dur-
lag the fall of 1860 and spring of ISG1, the bulk of the
f.c1?0!. •lone during a period when the priecs
Si,-uK.ft fwere nearly double those on
vrhieh the contract was based.
The claim duo for repair of Government warehouses
and constructing wlrarves at Staten Island, New
York, is for a balance of the coifh'act hitherto with-
held on account of nonconformity of the work with
said contract, and which will become due whenever
the contractors will comply with tho same to thesat-
isfaction of the Department.
Very respectfully, H. McCTJUOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. E. B. Washbhrne, House of Representative*.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, this is simply a private claim which has
been interjected into this bill. It is false on
its face. It is here for the payment of claims
due for tho construction and furnishing of the
Baltimore custom-house; but it is for no such
thing. A contract was made for the construc-
tion of the Baltimore court-house, and it lias
been paid for according to the terms of that
contract.
On examination I find the damages are al-
leged for suspension of work. Th%re was an
estimate of $109,000, but the matter has never
been passed upon. It is a mere claim for dam-
ages, which has never been considered by any
Department of the Government. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who I admit has managed
the affairs of the Treasury with a great deal of
fidelity and honesty, admitted to me when this
matter was brought to his attention that he
knew nothing about it.
Under these circumstances I ask the com-
mittee to strike out this item. It is one of the
most monstrous I have ever seen. Tt has not
been investigated by any proper authority. A
mere clerk put it in as an estimate, and it
was put into this bill as an appropriation for
§109,000. Jt ought not to be here.
There was a controversy which sprung up
between the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. K.vs-
K0?f ] and myself in regard to the furnishing of
the Baltimore court-house. I went to the In-
terior' Department and obtained a full history
of the matter. I have a- letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in which ho says when the,
claim was presented there it was rejected be-
cause there was no authority 'on the part of
those who made the contract to make it. The
letter is too long to be read in the limited time
of five minutes.
In regard to the repair of the Government
warehouses and construction of wharves at
Staton Island, tho Secretary says nothing is due,
yet we have an appropriation for $29,000. I
hope the committee will strike out both items.
Mr. OHANL15R. 1 did not understand the
gentleman in regard to the $20,000. Will ho
explain what the appropriation was for which
he said there was no necessity existing?
_ "Mr. WASHBURN K, of Illinois. 1 can state
in regard to the Staton Island matter.
. Mr. OUANLER. I would like to hear the
gentleman on that point.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There has
been a great deal of controversy in regard to
the Staten Island matter. Instead of the Gov-
ernment being indebted to the contractors it
has been thought that the contractors were in-
debted to the Government. It is contended
that there is nothing duo to them' now, and I
do not see tho propriety of making appropria-
tions when the Secretary of tho Treasury tells
us there is nothing due.
Mr. CI^ANLER. 1 do not understand that
the Secretary of 1 he Treasury positively makes
that assertion in regard to the §29,000. 1 merely
wanted information on the subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
every officer of the Government who has ex5
amined this matter on Staten Island lias reported
against the claim, and how it came to got in
tho estimate of tho Department 1 cannot con-
ceive. There is a brief now waiting the action
of I he Secretary of the Treasury in reference
to this very claim made out by an officer of the
Government who has reported against it. It
is-a liquidated claim.
Mr. CHANLElt. After the statement of
thegentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxswgrtii]
I am of course satisfied.
Mr. J. L. THOIIAS. Ouc question in re-
gard to the eourt-kouse claim. As I stated
when this bill came up before the committee '
some" weeks ago, the city of Baltimore has not
a particle of interest either in the paj'ment or
refusal to pay this claim. This gentleman, Mr.-
Osborne, called on me the other day after he '
saw that I had taken an interest in getting this
claim through, and put a statement in my hand
in relation to this case, and I want the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washbbrne] to state
to the House, if he knows the facts, whether
or not the work ®n that- court-house was sus-
pended in 18G1 by order of the Secretary of the .
Treasury, and whether the Secretary of the
Treasury did or did not give Mr. Osborne, the
contractor, an order to proceed and prosecute
the work, and whether or not that is not the
basis of the damages now claimed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know but Mr. Osborne may have a claim in good
faith against the Government, but this has never
been examined or passed upon by any com-
petent authority.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. Then I understand
that the damages that Mr. Osborne claims w hick
have been reported upon by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations .have not been
ascertained by any Department of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is not
damages. The bill speaks of claims due. There
are none due. The whole claim which Mr. Os-
borne lias is for damages for tho postponement
of the work, and I understand he made no pro-
test'when it was so ordered, but went right on.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. What 1 want to know
from the gentleman is, whether the money is •
claimed in the nature of damages or in any
other way, and whether it has been asked for
by the Treasury Department?
Mr. BERGEN. Mr. Chairman, I object to
this.
Tho CHAIRMAN. Objection is made, and
the discussion is out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If I can
have the attention of the chairman of the com-
mittee, I wish to say a word about the fees of
tho engineers. I suppose the engineer's office
belongs to the War Department, and I will,
move in the first place to strike that clause out.
And 1 hope the committee will give mo their
attention one moment in regard to tho appro-
priations which follow this which I move to
strike out. They all pertain to the payment of
engineers and commissioners who are connected
with the Pacific railroad. Now, sir, I desire
some information from the committee in regard
to this matter. As I understand the Pacific
railroad bill, all those expenses are to be borne
by the company; and when wo go back and
look at the legislation in regard to that railroad,
we may well be astonished at this additional
piece of legislation. This company came to .
the last Congress and induced Congress to as-
sume a liability of$95,000,000andgotan appro-
priation of a hundred million acres of public
lands, and now they come in here and ask the
Government to pay their expenses. I would
like to know if there is any law human or divine
that would justify sucli au appropriation as this 1
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose it would be an
well for the gentleman to move to strike out
all these appropriations at once.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, I
will move to strike out from lino four hundred
and one to line four hundred and fifty-three
inclusive, as follows:
For mileage of Government engineers from Wash-
ington to New York, and back, m August, lS6o, on
account of the Union Pacific railroad, two hundred
and twenty-five miles, at fen cents per mile, 845.
For compensation of three Government commis-
sioners appointed by the President of the United
States, agieeably to the act of luly 1,1862, to examine
forty miles of the Union Pacific railroad, eastern di-
vision, (Kansas branch,) in May. 1865, fourteen days,
at eight dollars per day each, $366.
For mileage of three Govftnment commissioners,
at ten cents per mile, 83)0.
_ For compensation of three Government commis-
sioners appointed by the President of the United
States to reexamine forty miles of tho Union Pacific
railroad, eastern division, m October, 1865, thirty-one
days, at eight (Hollars per day each, $74-1.
