1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3017
tleman's question, and the House are capable
of judging whether the reasons assigned are
such as entitle them to the indorsement of their
judgment. If they are not, then they go for
nothing; if they have reason and common sense
in them, their validity or strength cannot be
impaired by anything that may be said in regard
to the source from which they come, or whether
they be official or unofficial.
"6. Another consideration of tlio highest impor-
tance isthe susceptibility of League Island for perfect
defense against foreign invasion or domestic insur-
rection. '.the channel of the Delaware, although
affording a sufficient depth of water at all times, is so
narrow and tortuous for a distance of one hundred
miles above its mouth, that a ship m the hands of any
other than an experienced pilot, especially with tho
buoys removed, would have the greatest difficulty in
reaching Philadelphia at all. If the present defenses
should bo considered insufficient, a single martello
tower on the edge of the channel, mounted with ail
iron turret like that of the monitor, would command
the approach to the island from the sea more com-
pletely than Fortress Mouioe commands Hampton
ltoads, or Fort Sumter the harbor of Charleston. A
succession of such towers would cost less than anyone
of our large coast foi tifications. So far as stationary
defenses may bo relied on, there can hardly be any
system more etlieient than this. The island is even
more susceptible of defense against a domestic insur-
rection, being cut olf fioui the Pennsylvania shore by
a deep natural moat lilty feet in width. o assault
could be made upon it except by vessels, in winch,
of coursc, t he Government would have such a supe-
lioiity that no attempt to capture tho y;ud would
ever bo hazarded, even if we suppose that tho mate-
rials f<£" an insurrection of that kind would ever bo
found m tho vicinity of Pniladelohia,.
"7. The accessibility of coal and iron commends
League Island vcrv si.- > • r to our favor. Situated
at the junction oi the Delaware and Schuylkill riv-
ers, it i : the natural cniitijol of' the whole anthracite
coul trade of the United States. Tho steam power
necessary to the maintenance of a modern navy is
here obtainable al tho smallest cost. Pono.-ylv.oiia,
if not possessing the largest iron resource,- to hi' to i nut
in tiie country, cert a in h inr-' I hose re-ouices in hv far
the highest state ot de\ elop-neut,, and m close prox-
imity to the sca-buaiu. Philadelphia is the ki'cat
iron-mongering metropolis ot the i ounfry. 1 ler fiu-
naces and shops arc nambeied b.v hundreds, her arti-
ficers bv thousands, mill hei capital invested in the
pi eduction of iron by millions.
"8. 'the island is below fhe bend on the Delaware,
and hence mainly out ol danger from ice gorges, from
which tho present yard suffers to a, considerable
extent; and yet, if, should bo remarked that the river
Delaware is seldom closed by ice, tho only point on
tile Atlantic where fresh water can be obtained that
is not closed two or tlnec months in the year.
"9. J t is to be observed, also, that the insular posi-
tion of the proposed yaid will eliectually estop cor-
rupt speculations in ieel estate, so f'aras the Govern-
ment properly is concerned, it will be impossible
for jobbers to besiege Congress, with any degree of
plausibility or hope of success, to buy the adjoining
lots at fabulous prices; anil I can hnrdfy conceive
of anv other than an insular position which will
debar the tribe of speculators and lobbyists lroiu all
chances of successful as-ault upon the Treasury.
" 10. The selection of f his sif e for a navy-yaid will
save to tho Government just the sum at which the
present yard in Philadelphia can bo sold, the esti-
mated value of which is &1,800,000."
Now, sir, these arc the substantial arguments
in favor of the measure. These are the points
on which the authorities upon whom this House
is accustomed to rely have long since come to
a definite and satisfactory conclusion; and
hence this measure has been repeatedly rec-
ommended to this House by the Secretary of
the Navy. It is now recommended by the
Naval Committee of this House, Now, sir,
allow me to suggest whether it would not lie
better that those gentlemen who have given no
particular examination to tho facts upon which
this question turns should abide by the delib-
erate judgment of the official persons upon
whose responsibility these recommendations
rest than that Ihey should act upon a mere sug-
gestion of objection on the part of gentlemen who
have in view the benefit of some other locality.
It strikes me, sir, that the House would noL act
with its usual judgment and discretion if it
should adopt the latter course.
But, sir, a substitute is proposed by the gen-
tleman from Connecticut; and here let me say
that upon its face this substitute would appear
to be a very fair and equitable proposition ;
and if this were an entirely new question, and
a question of an additional navy-yard, instead
of the change of the site of an existing yard,
there would appear to be a great deal of fair-
ness in that substitute. But if gentlemen will
but reflect a moment, they will see that the
proposition of the gentleman from Connecticut
is delusive in its character, it would result
merely in an indefinite postponement of this
question; that is all. It proposes a roving
commission to examine all fhe waters of the
United States for an additional navy-yard.
That is not what the Secrofaiy of the Navy
desired or recommended to this House. That
is not what the Naval Commillee of this House
haverceommcnded. They have recommended
the acceptance of League Island, which is
offered by the city of Philadelphia as a muni-
ficent gift to the Government, that the present
navy-yard at Philadelphia may be removed
thither. They do not propose tho creation of
an additional navy-yard, but the substitution
of a now one for an existing one.
Suppose, sir, that you appoint your commis-
sion. You do not, by this substitute, give the
commissioners any authority or power to act.
Yon leave Ihe matter all at loose ends as it has
been heretofore. A year or perhaps two years
hence that commission will make a report.
More probably they will make two reports or
three reports, perhaps as many reports as there
are members of the commission. Then how
much progress will you have made in reaching
a decision upon this question? None what-
ever. j
Besides, sir. as time goes on, new sites not
now thought of will be clamoiously pressed for
consideration. At first, sir, the proposition to
select League Island was met by an applica-
tion on behalf of New London, urged by the
gentleman from Connecticut who so well rep-
resents the interests of bis constituents. IIow
is itnowV Why, sir, rival interests have-sprung
up in all quarters. Wo have suggestions for
new navy-)ards all along tho coast, livery
member thinks 1 bat his State must have "a
finger in the pie.'1 Our aclion upon this
question is made fhe occasion for a general
scramble for a new navy-yard. Sir, 1 hope
this House will not give its approval to any
such measure. Very sure am J that the city
ol Philadelphia, if it had been supposed that
her mnnilieence would lie mot by such a gen-
eral scramble, would have been too proud to
make this offer to the General Government.
The gentleman's speech has perfectly accom-
plished, no doubt, the purpose for which it
was made.
Mr. Speaker, in walking along 1) .street yes-
terday, 1 saw a very singular siirn. 1 was for-
cibly reminded by that, sign of the speech of
the gentleman from Connecticut. 1 ask the
Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows;
"New Fxoland Stouk : Established primarily for
my own advantage and partly to promote the inter-
ests of my customers."
[Great laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. Now, Mr. Speaker, if you
will strike out "customers" and insert " con-
stituents,'' I think you, will have a pretty good
description of the gentleman's spcech. [Laugh-
ter.] It was made, of course, entirely in the
interest of his constituents. T do not, know
entirely in the interests of his constituents,
because il would seem that the gentleman, to
some extent, lias abandoned tho original line
of attack.
Mr. BEAXDBGEE. Let mc ask tho gen-
tleman a question at this point, inasmuch as
this is the place where the laugh comes in.
In whose interest were tho five speeches made
by Philadelphians yesterday and to-day?
Mr. THAYEll. Mainly and chiefly in the
interest of the Genetal Government, and it
was with that spirit and in that interest chiefly
that this proposition was originally suggested.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. The speeches made
have been made, it may bo, mainly in the inter-
est of the General Government, but primarily,
chiefly, and solely, they were made in fa,vor of
the inferos! of Philadelphia.
Mr. 't'H 'YYER.. I do not propose to detain
the House on that subject.
* I have expressed the motives and causes
which induced the city of Philadelphia to m£tke
this offer. If they do not understand it I should
despair of making them understand by further
comments on the subject. The real issue is, as
has been stated by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Lb Bi.oxd,] whether yon will remove the
existing yard from its present site and get a
million and a half or two million dollars for it
with which to begin your large naval establish-
ment at League Island, or whether you will
continue to expend your money on an old site,
inadequate for the purpose for which it is used;
whether 3'ou will continue your large annual
appropriations and forego the gift of the city
of Philadelphia.
Now, that is the real issue, notwithstanding
the comments of tho gentleman from Connec-
ticut^ [Mr. Hubbard,] who, I believe, put in
a demurrer on that point, which I trust the
House will overrule.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor, and yielded for ten minutes to Mr.
SrAT-mxo.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
state to the House that during the last Con-
gress T was a member of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and as a member of that com-
mittee had occasion to view this locality now
so well known as League Island. I do not
say anything in favor of the beautiful city
of Philadelphia or its surroundings, which
arc all pleasant in the highest degree. But,
sir, after carefully examining that island,
it occurred to 1110 there was such a thing as
having a gift, a present of too expensive a
character to tho donee. I am not now entirely
satisfied that tho United Stales would not be
larcrely the loser by accepting tho donation of
League Island for tho purpose contemplated
by the donors. It. will not now do to cover up
the bait. 011 the hook. Vv'c all understand it.
We know very well that it is contemplated in
this plan to make League Island a great na-
tional navy-yard for the building and repairing
of iron-(d:ul navies, the Navy which the Uni-
ted Slates now has and the mightier navies we
will have by and by as years roll onward. The
outlays of public money upon this spot arc to
be enormous if the project is to be carried into
execution; and when we undertake it in its
incipient stage we ought to be well satisfied we
have the correct ground to build upon. Too
much caution cannot be used in this respect.
As at present advised I fear that League
Island is rather too secure from the ap-
proaches of a foreign foe. 1 am rather of the
belief, the testimony has disclosed the fact,
that dining two months of every year League
Island is inaccessible from fhe Atlantic. If so,
is that a proper place for a naval depot?
ilr. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire what
testimony the gentleman refers to.
Mr. SPALDING, Testimony that came be-
fore the Naval Committee of the last Congress.
I refer to that generally.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not know but he
referred to testimony before the present com-
mittee. There was 110 such testimony before it.
Mr. SPALDING. I have not the honor now
to be a member of the committee, and I do not
pretend to speak of any of tho testimony or
arguments before the present committee.
j\Ir. KKLLFjY. A single moment. I sim-
ply desite to say that the records show that in
forty years the city of Philadelphia has never
been ice-locked; that for forty years there has
not beeit a day when steamers could not make
their way to and from fhe ocean.
Mr. SPALDING. My friend will pardon
me. I do not mean to interpose this as argu-
ment against the final adoption of League isl-
and. 1 only say (hat this thing struck me wdien
I was a member of the Naval Committee, that
at a certain season of the year the island was
inaccessible. I know the gentleman admitted
here in argument that it needed the expenditure
of a vast sum of money to prepare that island
for the superstructure for an iron-clad navv-
yard—more than a militon dollars, probably,
before tho soil will receive the superstructure.
Well, now, are we to adopt this present site
contemplated by the bill before us with the
notion that we are to simply transfer the old
wooden-ship navy-yard—if I may so charac-
terize it—from the city of Philadelphia to
