1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89 ft
even in the case of Tennessee, the ratification
" of the pending amendment to the Constitution
equalizing representation and alias conditions-
precedent to the exercise of power in the Gov-
ernment. With equal, if not with more justice,
we may demand an impartial system of suffrage.
Nor can it be maintained with propriety that
this exaction shall not be made because there
are States, exercising their full functions as
such, in which the negroes are excluded from
the ballot-box? The injustice in those States
is-not of such magnitude as to endanger the
peace and safety of the country; while in the
case of the rebellious States there seems only
the alternative of equal suffrage through the
demands of the Government on the one hand
and civil or social war on the other. Hence,
while we may condemn the exclusion of negroes
from the ballot-box in States now represented
in Congress, there may be no public necessity
for an attempt to remedy the wrong by the
action of the General Government. Moreover,
in the case of the loyal States the General Gov-
ernment cannot apply a remedy except by af-
firmative, positive action, for which the coun-
try is not prepared, and for which there is no
controling public necessity. In the case of
the States lately in rebellion we are not under
the necessity of taking affirmative legislative
action. The proceeding on our part is simply
andwholly within the domain of the precedents
cited andthe authority ofthe Constitution. The
abolition of slavery by the Constitution has given
a new meaning to the phrase '' republican gov-
ernment;" for it is now settled that a State in
which slavery exists is not republican in form
according to our Constitution, though previous
to the ratification of the amendment the fact
may have been otherwise. While slavery ex-
isted it was generally true, however, that all
free citizens were voters. To this rule there
were some exceptions, but they were few and
relatively unimportant.
I proceed now to consider the expediency of
this measure. There are in Tennessee not less
than two hundred thousand able-bodied adult
male citizens, and you are consenting that the
political power of that State shall be put into
the hands of less than sixty thousand. By the
constitution of Tennessee more than half the
white male citizens of that State -are disfran-
chised. Of this I do not complain; but in
addition thereto eighty thousand male colored
citizens of the State are also disfranchised,
making an aggregate of one hundred and forty
thousand men who are excluded from partici-
pation in the government. The sixty thou-
sand loyal white men come here and ask to be
accepted as a State, and you arc solemnly
resolving, in the presence of the country and
with the light of history and the traditions of
the Republic, that the government is repub-
lican in form.
What do you invite and invoke in the future?
Do you suppose that these sixty thousand reb-
els are to rest quiet under their exclusion from
political power in the government of that State
for any considerable number of years? Such
an expectation, if entertained, will not be real-
ized. On the other hand, this action invites
and renders necessary a combination between
the eighty thousand colored men and the sixty-
thousand rebels. The rebels, forgetting their
past prejudices, and the loyal blacks, forgetting
the disloj'alty of the sixty thousand rebels, will
join hands and overturn the government of the
State. And what you are doing t o-day for Ten-
nessee you are to be invited hereafter to do for
the other ten States of the South. There is only
an alternative. It is in this: that the four mil-
lion colored people shall escape from the tyr-
anny which you authorize the southern oligarchs
10 exercisc over them. And I bid the people,
the working people of the North, the men who
are struggling for subsistence, to beware of the
day when the southern freedmen shall swarm
over the borders in quest of those rights which
should be secured to them in their native States.
A just policy on our part leaves the black man
in the South where he will soon become pros-
perous and happy. An unjust policy forces
hina from home and into those States where his
rights will be protected, to the injury of the
black man and the white man both ofthe North
and the South. Justice and expediency are
■united in indissoluble bonds, and the men of
the North cannot be unjust to the former slaves
without themselves suffering the bitter penalty
of transgression.
I ask of this House what the answer is to be
when the other ten States demand recognition
and the admission of. members. Do you say
they shall not be admitted on the terms you
now offer to Tennessee? What other terms
will you exact of Arkansas, North Carolina,
and South Carolina? You can exact none in
addition to what you are now exacting, unless
you demand for them what I now demand for
the people of Tennessee—impartial suffrage for
all loyal adult male citizens. And if you then
hesitate to meet the question from which you
now shrink—the right of the negro to vote—
you will have no excuse for denying full polit-
ical rights to the other ten States.. Arkansas
has complied with the conditions named in the
preamble to the resolution, and you have no
excuse for refusing to admit Arkansas except
the excusc I now offer for refusing to admit
Tennessee. You will have again upon you
that question which you so much dread, but
which cannot be postponed and which must be
met, "whether the colored men of the South,
once in slavery but now free, are to be endowed
with the rights of citizens of this country. But
if you say, as you will say, unless the people
rise in their majesty and demand justice for
their suffering fellow-men, that these States
may be admitted, as Tennessee is to-day to
be admitted, then to what extremity of woe
have you reduced the country! You have four
million discontented loyal persons made dis-
contented by your action. You have in the
States of the South more than five million dis-
contented rebellious white people. You compel
these classes, naturally enemies, to unite under
the force of circumstances which now .you may
control for the good of the country; and if,
as wc believe, the white race is the dominant
race, at least for the time being, in intellect
and intelligence, you thus give to the rebel
class of the South the moral, physical, and
political power which can be derived from the
influence they will exercise over the four mil-
lion blacks. Does any one believe that the
blacks are to be exterminated? The old fable
of Antteus is founded in the nature of man.
They who labor on the soil never yet have
been and probably they never can be extermi-
nated. And consider further that the blacks
arc organized into churches; they are estab-
lishing everywl*ere schools; they are becoming
the possessors of land; they have military
knowledge. Do you expect that such a people,
though yet in their infancy, are to be extermi-
nated? They will continue to exist; they will
thrive even under oppression; but the day may
come, and I fear it may come soon if this policy
be pursued, when they will assert by force and
by dangerous combinations the natural rights
with which Ihey have been by God endowed.
An d what do you offer to the loyal whites of
the South? You offer them only submission,
degradation, or expatriation. Do you suppose
that when you have established in the other
southern States governments like that of Ten-
nessee, in which the disloyal whites are ex-
eluded afld the loyal blacks are also excluded,
the loyal whites can withstand i'or a moment
the surging waves of public sentiment which
will rise, and foam, and rage, however unjust
and foul their origin? If, on the other hand,
the negroes are permitted to vote, even in !
small numbers only in the beginning, they j
naturally become the allies and friends of the
loyal whites of the. South; and especially will
they be our friends in any future controversy
involving the integrity of the Union. No coun-
try can afford to disregard the rights or the
power of an eighth of' its population; and |
above all. it is dangerous for this Government
to authorize or tolerate an unjust policy to-
ward so large a proportion of its citizens.
There are in this country two great political
public wrongs, one of which you have taken-the
proper means to remedy by an amendment to
the Constitution, securing to a white man in
the North equal political power with a white
man in the South. We are agreed upon that.
When_ a white man's rights are concerned,
there is no difference of opinion upon this side
of the House as to the necessity of protecting
him. But there is another great wrong, for
which you make no provision, offer no rem-
edy, present no excuse, and that is the denial
of the elective franchise to theblack men of the
South.
I must say for the gentlemen upon the other
side of the House that they are consistent in
this matter. They have never asserted the cit-
izenship of the black man; they have denied
it; they have never invited him into the Army
nor called upon him to fight the battles of the
Republic. They have, as far as they had the
power, refused his services; and however wrong
they may have been, they have been consist-
ent in their course. But upon this side of the
House it is otherwise. We have recently passed
an amendment to the Constitution, to be sub-
mitted to the States, declaring that nefroes
are, under the Constitution, hereafter to be
citizens, and now, when we have the power to
secure for them the rights of citizens, we are
silent. We have invited them into the armies
of the Republic and now we abandon them to
those who have been for years their enemies
and oppressors. How are we to reconcile to
ourselves, to our country, and to posterity this
great inconsistency on our part?
I am as much attached to parly as any man
can be, but the jewel of the Republican party-
is its consistency based upon justice, and now
we abandon justice and accept inconsistency
as our policy. Is not the history of this coun-
try full of warning? I will not mention names,
but from 1850 to the close of the rebellion the
pathway of ambition for parties and for men
has been strewn right and left with the frag-
ments of parties and the remains of politicians
that have proved false to justice, to humanity,
and to republican principles. Do you inquire
whether these Stales are to be forever ex-
cluded? Tiy no means. We have assurances
from North Carolina, Tennessee, Arkansas,
and Texas that if this Congress will but de-
mand impartial suffrage the people of those
States who are loyal to the union will enter
the contest, second the demand for impartial
suffrage, contend for it, and ultimately, as they
believe, they will securc it. I speak under the
impression, the firm conviction, that we to-day
here surrender tip the cause of justice, the
cause of the country, in the vain hope that the
admission of Tennessee may work somewhat for
the advantage of the party which has coutioiled
the country during these last six years. Wc sur-
render the rights of four million people: we sur-
render the cause of j ustice; we imperil the peace
and endanger the prosperity of the country ; wo
degrade ourselves as a great party which has
controlled the Government in the most trying
times in the history of the world. Fortunate
will it be for us. for those whom we represent,
and for the future of the country if these appre-
hensions shall not be realized; and, humble
though [ be, but in the full conviction that, they
are not groundless. I enter my earnest protest
against this proceeding. Believing it to be
wrong. I declare my convictions in the pres-
ence of those who have power to prevent the
wrong : and I make the declaration with a sense
of responsiblity such as has never before rested
upon me in any experience of my life.
Mr. Speaker, if my time is not consumed, I
will, with the consent of the gentleman from
Ohio. [Mr. Bkgham,] yield the remainder of it
to the gentleman from California, [Mr. Higby.3
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection to that.
Mr. IIIGBY. Mr. Speaker, I would havepre-
ferred to have had the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. BoctweliJ occupy the remainder
of his time, for I have been highly interested m
what he has said, for I think he has spoken,
words which will be treasured in the future.
