1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«S
Mr. FINCK. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 12G, nays42, not vot-
ing 1 -1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Amos, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baiker,
Baxter, I3oaman,Benjamin, Bidwcll, Bingham,Blow,
Boutwoll, Brundcprce, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Bundy, Reader W. Clarko, Sidney Clark, Cobb,
Conkling, Cook, CaDoin. Darling, Davis, Befrces, D-c-
lano, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Dri?gs, Dumont,
Kckley, Es^leston. Eliot, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield,
Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hart,iiayes, Hen-
derson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Hotcbkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Dernas
Hubbard, John II. Hubtaird,-Edwin N. Hubbell,
Hulburd, James Humphicy, Ingcrsoll, Jenckes,
Julian, Kelley. Kelso, Ketehnm, Knykondall, Laflin,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, McClurg,
Mclndoc, McKog, Mcliuer, Mcrcur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Alvers, Newell,
O'Neill, Orcli, Poine,Patterson,Perham, Pike, Plants,
Price, William H, Randall, Raymond, Alexander H.
lliee, John II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Sebenck, Seo-
(ield, Shollabarger, Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,
Thayer, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Acrnam, Burt Van
Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburnc, William
B.Washburn, Welker,Wentworth,Whaley, Williams,
fames F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbridge—126.
NAYS—Messrs. A'ncona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Chanler, Dawes, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Finck,
(Jlossbrenner, Goodyear, Under, Aaron Harding, Ho-
san, James It. Hubbell, James M. Humphrey, John-
•on, Kerr, Lo Blond, Marshall, McOullough, Niblack,
Nicholson, Noeli, Phelps, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall,Hitter, Rogers,Ross, Ro usseau, Shanklin, Smith,
Tabor, Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble, Voorhees, and Winfield—42.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R.Ashley, Blaine,
Culver, Farn^worth, Grinnell, Harris, Jones, Kasson,
Ponieroy, Sitgreave^. Stillwell, Strouse, Kobert T.
Van Horn, and Wright—14.
So the credentials were referred to the joint
committee, when appointed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the motion was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
he laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
privileges 01? tiib floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Jif-iolved, That, until otherwise ordered, N. G-. Tay-
lor, Horace Maynard, William B. Stokes, Edmund
Cooper, William B. Campbell, Samuel M. Amell, Isaac
R. Hawkins, and John W. Lefcwieh be invited to oc-
cupy scats in the Hall of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. RAYMOND. I rise to a point of order.
I would inquire whether a resolution of this
sort is in order?
The SPEAKER. Not, excepting by unani-
mous consent. It is not a question of privilege,
but the Chair would not overrule it unless some
gentleman objected to it.
Mr. BBOOKS. I will not object to that reso-
lution if the gentleman will modify it so as^to
include all the southern delegations. [Cries
of "No !" <kNo!"]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object to the reso-
lution.
reconstruction.
Mr. ELDRIDGE submitted the following
resolution, upon which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That there is no warrant or authority in
the Constitution of the United States for any State or
States to sccedc, and that all resolves or ordinances
to that end or for that purpose arc absolutely null and
void; and that the war having defeated the attempt
. to thus divide and break up the Union, it is of vital
importance to the Republic and to all the States
thereof that the States recently in revolt, and each
and every oneoi them, should resume their appropri-
ate and constitutional position and functions in the
Union without delay; and to this end. laying aside all
party feeling and all personal or other animosity,
waiving all minor differences and seeking earnestly
to maintain and preserve tho Union of our fathers,
we will cordiallv sustain and support the President in
everv and all constitutional elforfs and policy of res-
toration, believing that thereby the political, commer-
cial. financial, and general prosperity of the whole
country will be most substantially and permanently
subserved.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Wisconsin withdraw the pre-
vious question for tho purpose of debate?
Mr. BIjDRIDOK. Not quire.
Mr. WASHBUliNE. of Illinois. Then I
hope the House will not second the demand for
the previous question.
oDtti Coxa. 1st Sess.—No. 3.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for tellers on sec-
onding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Eldeidge,
and Wasiiburxe of Illinois, v/cre appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes 80, noes 108.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBuRNEj of Illinois, rising to
debate the resolution it went oyer under the
rule.
privilege 01? the house.
Mr. SLOAN submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Whereas N. G. Taylor, Iloracc Maynard, William B.
Stokes, Edmund Cooper, William B.Campbell, Samuel
M. Arnell, Isaac R. Hawkins, and John Leftwich,
have maintained their allegiance to the United States
throughout tho late rebellion, some of them bearing
arms m the United States service, appear to liavebeen
clectcd by the people of Tennessee to represent cer-
tain congressional districts thereof, and arc nowprcs-
ent with their credentials, claiming seats as members
of this-llousc: Therefore,
HeiohcJ, That said claimants be allowed the priv-
ileges of" the floor of the House pending their claim to
seats.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved that theres-
olution bo laid upon the table.
Mr. FINCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 'JO, nays 63, not voting
29; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. All ey, Allison, An '1 orson, .Tamos M.
Ashley, linker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beaman,
Bcniauiin, Bidvrcll, Bingham. Boutwell, Brarulc^ee.
Bromwell, Broomall, Bundy, Reader W . Clarke, Sid-
ney Clark, Cobb, Cook, Dcfrees, llraim?, Dixon,
Drispis, Dumont, Eekley, Eg'-Jeston, Eliot, Grinncll,
Abner ■ Harding, Hayes, Henderson, Higbv, llitl,
Hooper, liotchkits, Demas Hubbard, John HvIlub-
bard, Hulburd, IntxersoU, Jenekes, Julian, Kelley,
Kelso, Lallin, William Lawrence, Loan, Lonayear,
Marston. Mnrvin, McClurg, McKcc, Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, N ewcll,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pattcrson.Perhaiii,Pike, Plants.
Price, John ll. Pace. Roll ins, Sehenek,iSeoli eld, Spald-
ing. Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Upson, Van Aernam,
Burt Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburnc,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Wil-
liams, James i\ Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—90. ,,
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Blow, Brooks, Chanler,
Darlingr, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Denison, Eldvidice,
Earrjuhnr, Fmck, Glossbrcnner, Goodyear, Grider,
Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Ilosan. Chester D.
Hubbai d, Edwin N. Hubbell, Ja.mes R. Hubbell,
J amo= M. Humphrey, Johnson, Kasson, Kerr, Kctch-
iirn, Kuykcndall, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Lc
Blond, Marshall, McCulloch, Molndoe. McRuer,
Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell, Phelps, Radford, Samuel
,T. Randall, William II. Randall, Raymond, Hitter,
Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Shanklin, Shcllabarger,
Sitgreavcs, Sloan, Smith, Stillwell, Tabor, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Voorhees, Whaley, Winfield, and Woou-
bridt^e—(i-S. _ . ,,
_,\~OT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
Barker, Bergen, Blaine, Boyer, Iiuckland, Conkling,
Cullom, Culver, Delano, Donnelly, Farnsworth,
Eerry, Garfield, Harris, Hart, Holmes, Asahel W.
Hubbard, James Humphrey, Jones, Lynch, Ppm-
eroy, Alexander II. Rice. Rogers, Strouse, Taylor,
Robert T. Van Horn, and Wright—29.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
During: the roll-call,
Mr. JOHNSON said: My colleague, Mr.
Botes, has been called away from his desk by
the intelligence of the death of a member ot
his family. If he had been here, he would
undoubtedly have voted ''no.''
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
'the vote by which the resolution was laid upon
the table ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he called the previous ques-
tion:
Rmolral, That until otherwise ordered, Messrs.
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Horace Maynard. William b.
Stokes, Edmund Cooper, Willi am B. Campbell, bamucl
M. Arnell. Isaac R. Hawkins, and John W. Leftwich
be invited to occupy seats in the Hall of the House ox
Representatives.
The question was upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. I move to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. FINCK. Upon that question I call to
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I would appeal to the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] to with-
draw his motion to lay .on the table, and let ns
take a vote directly on the resolution.
The SPEAKER. There are now two imde-
batable motions pending: the motion to lay
the resolution on the table, and the call for the
previous quostion.-
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to any withdrawal
of the motion to lay on the table.
The question was upon the motion of Mr.
Wilson to lay the resolution of Mr. Cobb upon
the table.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the negative—yeas 41, nays 125, not
voting lf>; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley, JBakgf,
Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Boutwell, liran-
degee, Bromwell, Broomall, Sidney Clark, Cobb, Dem-
ing, Dixon, Earnswortli, Abner C. Harding, Hayes,
Higby, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ingorsoll, Jenckes, Kel-
ley, Kelso, Latham, William Lawrence, Loan, Mc-
Clurg, Mercur, Moulton, Price, Schenck, Spalding,
Stan, Warner, William B. Washburn, Welkor, Went-
worth, Williams, James P. Wilson, and Stephen E.
Wilson—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Anderson,
Banks, Beaman, Bergen, Bingham, Blow, Brooks,
Buokland, Bundy, Chanler, Conkling, Cook, Cullom,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Deirees,Delano, Den-
ison, Donnelly, Driggs, D.umont, Eckley, Eggleston,
Eldridge, Earquhar, Eerry, Finck, Garfield. Glossbrcn-
ner, Goodyear, Grider, Grinnei], Griswold,Hale, Aaron
Harding, Hart, Henderson, Hill, Hogan, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotcbkiss. Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, JTohn II. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jamos
U. Hubbell, Hulburd. James Humphrey, James J>I.
lluniohrey. Johnson, .Fnlian, Tvasson, Kerr, Ketchum,
Kuyliendall, Lallin. George V. Lawrence, Lc Blond,
Longyear, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin, M'cCullough,
Mclndoc, McKee, Mclluer, Miller, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, MoirK Myers, jS ewcll, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
O'Neill, Ortb, Paine, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Plants,«
T Pnn/1' H WilHsvm H. KanciaiL
lingers. KOums, noss, xvousseau, oaw.vui, ou>uu,u<
Shanklin, Shcllabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith,
Stevens, Stillwell, Tabor, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge,
Epson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Voorhees,
Ward, Elihn B. Washbume, Whaley, Windom, Win-
field, and Woodbridge—125. .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Baldwin,
Blaine, Boyer, Reader W. Clarke, Culver, Eliot, Har-
ris, .Jones, Marston, Patterson, Pomeroy, fatrousc,
Taylor, Robert T. Van Horn, and Wright—16.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
"agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon agree-
ing to the resolution. ,, ,
Upon this question Mr. SPALDING called
for the yeas and nays.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 132, naye 35, not voting
15 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Aneona, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Baker, Beaman, Bergen,
Bingham, Blow, Brooks, Buckland, Bundy, Chanler,
Cobb. Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Darling, Davis, Dawes,
Dawson, Defrees, Delano, Denison, Donnelly, Driggs,
Dumont. Eekley, Eggleston Ehlndge, Eliot, Far-
quhar, Ferry. Finck, Garfield, Glossbrcnner, Good-
year, Glider, Grinncll, Griswold, Hale, Aaron Hard-
ing, hai-t, Hayes, Henderson, IIiU, Hogan. Holmes,
Hooper, Chester 6. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Join
H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell,
Hulburd, James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey,
Johnson, Julian, Kasson, Kerr, Ketchum, Kurten-
dall, Laflin, George V. Lawrcnce, Le Blond, bong
year, Lynch, Marshall, Marvin Mclndoc, M"K?c,
Mcliuer. Miller, Morrill. Morris,
lack, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Oi'th,
son. Perham, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Bod&M, Sam™ef
J Randall, William H.Randall, Ea>monci, Alex
ander H. Rice, John II. Shol?£
frmSh/PraTfetiUwclU
^abor' Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Wrard. Elihu B. WasM™1"1!?' Welker, Whaley, Wffl-
d<NATS—MessrsnAmcs,°Bakef, Baxter, Benjamin,
Bidwell Boutwcll, Brandegc^ Bromwell. Broomall,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clark, Demmg, Dixon,
Emsworth. Abner C. Harding. Oigby, Ingtosoll,
Teuekes Kelley, Kelso, Latham, William Lawrence, •
Loan MoCulloueh. Mercur.Mouiton,Price,Schenek,
Sliding, Starr, Warner, William B Washburn.
Wentworth, Williams, and James, 1. W ilson ,: -1
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Pel<i?r®,■^JA®Me?,
Blaine, Boyer, Culver, BLarris, Asahel W- Hubbardj
