1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
emigration to our section of the country has
not been very extensive; but at present a large
emigration is pouring into that region. In order
to accommodate the emigrants who are now
going to the Territory of Dakota from every
State in the Union it is absolutely necessary
that the public lands there should be surveyed.
The gentleman from Iowa represents a section
of the country where the public lands have been
' almost entirely absorbed by private individuals
and speculators, so that emigrants have no op-
portunity to find homesteads there; and I trust
that he will not oppose this appropriation which
is demanded for the sake of those worthy men
who are seeking homesteads in the Territories
of the far West.
Mr. CIIANLER. I have no objection what-
ever to the appropriation. I am particularly
desirous every facility shall be afforded for the
settlement of the public lands. But there is no
limitation of time. It does not seem to be fixed
as a salary. The appropriation may be for one
year, or only one month. I ask for informa-
tion-whatperiod of time this covers, and whether
it is in accordance with any existing contract?
I, hope the gentleman who is charged with the
matter will so far enlighten ns as to answer that
question. The chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations pel'haps knows for what time
these sums are set down.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not been able to
hear what the gentleman says.
Mr. OHANLER. There arcjjppropriations
here from fifteen to thirty thousand dollars for
surveying the public lands ; but there is not a
word in the bill which will tell us the time for
which those appropriations are made. We do
not know whether they are for the past or for
the future. Wc do not know what is the char-
acter of the appropriations.
Mr. STEVENS. This bill as it stands now
was for lust year. It was intended as a defi-
ciency, although I believe the surveying has not
been done. J do not know but it would be
proper to put it in the deficiency bill for the
current year. I think likely the bettor way
would be to reduce the appropriation from
$15,000 to $5,000, so that they may go on now
until the bill for the current year is taken up.
I iwn inclined to think it is too largo hero. I move
to reduce the appropriation from $15,000 to
$5,000.
Mr. PRICE". I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BURLEIGH. 1 am under the impres-
sion a part of the money has already been
expended in surveying these public lands.
Mr. STEVENS. A very small portion—
$5,000 will cover it.
Mr. DRI.GGS. Has the committee any in-
formation whether the money has been ex-
pended? I do not want to strike it out if they
have none there now in that Department.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot find from inquiry
whether any account, has been rendered. I learn
only a small portion has been expended, I want
the appropriation reduced and the surplus car-
ried into the bill for the current year. It will
not suffer.
Mr. HOGAN. Mr. Chairman, these appro-
priations for surveying the public lands arc
always made in advance, largely in advance ;
because the contracts have to be entered into,
and thepartieshavetogouponthefields. Where
these lands have been procured by the Gov-
ernment, in these distant Territories, it is abso-
lutely necessary they should be surveyed and
open to the public.
Mr. STEVENS. This is a bill for last year,
and thciefore ought to contain nothing more
than has been expended. The House, in the
usual way, will have another bill for the current
and next years; and that is the one to which
the gentleman's remarks will apply. This is
only for what is past.
Mr. HOGAN. I am satisfied.
Mr. Stevens's amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
I'1.01' the fenoing in, repair, and completion of the
United States court-house and post offico at, Indian-
apolis, Indiana, and paving the sidewalks in front of
the same, toe sum of $5,009, or such part thereof
may he necessary, to be expended under the Secre-
tary of tho Interior.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to add to that
the following:
For the alteration and repair of the court-house
in the city of Boston, £5,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Isnotthat
the same amendment that was offered the other
day and ruled out of order?
Mri BOUTWELL. It was out of order to
rule it out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman raise
the point of or^er?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is a set-
tled question; res adjudicata. It was before
the committee before, and the Chair ruled it
out of order. I make the point of order it is
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is clearly in order.
Mr. BO UT WELL. I ask that a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department of tnn Interior,
Washington, JD. C., February 5,18G5.
Sin: I ineloso herewith for the consideration of tho
Judiciary Committee, copies ofsundry letters received
at this Department, relativc.to alterations and an ad-
dition to the building at Boston, owned by the United
States, and appropriated to tho uses of the federal
courts :
1. Letter from John S, Keyes, Esq., marshal of
tho United States for the district of Massachusetts,
urging the contemplated improvements, to which aro
added tho certificates of the propor United States
attorney and the district judge.
2. Letter from Mr. Justico Clifford, and District
Judge Lowell, to the samo effcet.
,'i. Letter from Hon. Alexander II. Rice, and other
Representatives in Congress from Massachusetts,
who, after making a formal examination of tho build-
ing, concur in tho recommendation.
■1. Lctfor from (!. J. F. Biyant, iv,q., architect, to
Judges Clifford and Lowell, explanatory of tho alter-
ations.
I am satisfied that the improvements should bo
made at onco. Tho estimated cost is $5,000, and I
rccommond that a olau'so, appropriating that sum for
tho purposo, bo inserted in tho miscellaneous appro-
priation bill.
I inclose a memorandum which, if adopted, would
effect the object, contemplated.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
James uaklan,
Secretary,
lion. James F. Wilson,
Chairman OomnnUcc an the Judiciary.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I only wish to say that
the expediency of this appropriation has been
considered bv tho Judiciary Committee and
recommcndccl. Tho court-house was purchased
by the Government. It was not fitted for tho
business. It is poorly ventilated and lighted,
and more than all, there is no safe in which the
public papers can be deposited and kept secure.
I trust there will be no objection on tho part
of tho committee or the House to this amend-
ment.
Mr. BERGEN. In acting on this appro-
priation bill a few days ago, there were items
relating to public buildings which we owned,
which were partly completed, and which unless
completed would be destroyed and become use-
less or at least suffer great damage. Those
appropriations were reduced or stricken out
because of the exceeding weight of debt this
country has now to sustain. But here we find a
court-house in such a situation that it can be
used, as I understand, which answers the pur-
pose, but which requires improvements to be
made upon it. There is no danger that the
building will become dilapidated, as I under-
stand, much less destroyed. Now, if our ne-
cessities are so great that buildings in process
of erection arc to be subjected to the elements
and loft to destruction, certainly we ought not,
under the circumstances, to pay money to im-
prove buildings which aro not in such danger,
and which can be and now are used. To be
consistent, then, the committee ought to vote
against this appropriation, and I hope that they
will do so.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Boutwell, it was agreed to.
Mr. McRUER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
After line five hundred and twenty-two insert:
Forgradinglotaround marine hospitalatSan Fran-
cisco, $5,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
pointof order. The amendment is not in order.
It is not carrying out any existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
i Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the,following item:
For discharge of ail miscellaneous claims not other-
wise provided for, as shall be admitted in due course
of settlement at the Treasury, $10,000.
It does not seem to be for a specific purpose.
It is miscellaneous, and is not carrying out any
existing law.
Mj\ STEVENS. I shall not oBject to .its
being stricken out.
The question being taken on striking out the
foregoing item, it was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to strike out, in Tines
five hundred and twenty-six, five hundred and
twenty-seven, and five hundred and twenty-
eight, the following:
For facilitating communication between tho Atlan-
tic and Pacific States by clectric telegraph, 840,000.
This appropriation may be all right, but if
anybody was to ask me why we give $-10,000
for a telegraph line I could not toll him. And
I do not know of any better time to raise the
question than now.
Mr. STEVENS. I am afraid we shall be
obliged to allow this to remain. If some of our
friends—I do not mean the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Price]—had joined me when that
grant was made—a most enormous and extrav-
agant one, in myjudgmeSt—of $40,000 forwhat
we ought never to have paid a cent, we would
not have had to put this appropriation in. The
grant was made against the protest of some of
us, nevertheless the House carried it. Bylaw
now, therefore, on our statute-books we are
compelled to pay that company this sum. I
do not see how it is possible to avoid it without
a violation of law.
Mr. PRICE. Then I understand that this
is a contract.
Mr. STEVEN S. It is part of the law under
which the telegraph line was built, aud I am
constrained to belifeve it was part of tho con-
tract for building the line. I would like to have
the matter tested, ar^l to know whether we have
the constitutional power to repeal it. I have
always looked upon it as a raSteally thing.
Nevertheless, it is the law, and "I do not feel
justified in refusing the appropriation so long
as tho law exists.
Mr. PRICE. I am as anxious as any gen-
tleman can bo to keep all the contracts of the
Government in good faith. I was not aware
when I made the motion to strike out that there
was a contract to pay the money. I now ask
the gentleman from Pennsylvania how long this
contract runs?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not now recollect. I
am afraid as long as water runs. [Laughter.]
I have not seen the law since it was passed.
I believe there is a limitation to it, but I am not
quite sure. Some gentleman says ten years.
It may „bc about ten years, which would only
make it $400,000.
Mr. PRICE. I withdraw the motion to strike
out. If there is a contract we must pay the
money. •
Mr. DRIGGS. I move to amend the clause
in relation to the detection of counterfeiting
by striking out "$100,000,'' and inserting
"$50,000;" so that it will read:
For oxpenses in detecting and bringing to trial and
punishment persons engaged in counterfeiting Treas-
ury notes, bonds, and other secuiities of the United
States, as well as tho coin of tho United States,
$50,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe -
that this is an appropriation that ought not to
„ bo cut down. A I understand from the Solicitor
qf the Treasury that counterfeiting is going on
to an in^nense extent, and a heavy appropria-
tion is needed for this purpose.
Mr. DRIGGS. If that is true it can be pro-
vided for in the new bill to which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has re-
ferred. An appropriation of $50,000 for this
purpose is pretty good for a beginning, and I
think we may strike out this amount more
