M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IB,
Jones, Marston, McClure, Pomeroy, Strouse, Taylor,
Stephen i'\ Wilson, and Wright—15.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion-to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Resolutions from the State of Wisconsin
being still in order,
Mr. PAINE rose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWOETH. I ask my colleague
to give way to me one moment, that I may offer
a resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
my colleague for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. 1 he resolution of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxswortii] can
be entertained by unanimous consent. If ob-
jection be made, the Chair will bo obliged to
recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Paixb,] as resolutions from that State are the
regular order.
TAXATION* OF DOMESTIC WINES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
lictolved. That the Comrtlittee of and Me.iny
bo instructed to inquire whetherit was not thomton-
tioTi of Congress, in excepting wines made from cur-
rants, bcrritv, and rhubarb, Irom The spceiiic lax, to
exclude then] from tho payment of any tiix; and that
the committee report by bill or otherwise.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Wisnm-RyE] that the House adjourn.
„ Mr. WASHBUEX E, of Illinois, I yield to
the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Wisdom,]
to allow him to offer a resolution.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Itemlvcd, That the salary of the clcrk to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations ?halJ bo the same as was
paid to the clerk of tho Committee of Ways and
Means.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to tho
introduction of the resolution? .
Mr. SLOAN. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
resolution is not before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I renew
my motion to adjourn.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask the gen-
tleman to yield one moment to allow mo to in-
troduce a joint resolution.
Mr. WASHB URN E, of Illinois. I will do so.
WILLIAM REYNOLDS AND M. B. WOOLPKY.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce a joint resolution for
the restoration of Commanders William Rey-
nolds and Melaneton !>. Woolsey, United States
Navy, to the active list irom tlie reserved list.
Mr. SLOAN. Is this in order under the
regular call of the States? *
'I he SPEAKER. It is not, cxcept by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. SLOAN". I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the joint resolution
cannot be received. The question recurs on the
motion to adjourn.
Jir. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [ilr. Washrurxe] to yield to me for
one moment, that 1 may introduce a simple
resolution of reference.
Mr. SLOAN. I object, and demand the
regular order.
The question being taken on tho motion to
adjourn, it was not agreed to.
NAVIGATION OF THE LAKES, ETC.
Mr. PAINE submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous
. question:
Meaolvpd', That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of revising
the laws rearulatins the commerce and navigation ot
the lakes and rivers on the northern frontier of the
United fettites, so as to remove all unnecessary re-
straint upon such commerce and navigation, and at
the same time provide additional safeguards against
frauds upon the revenue; and to report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. .SPALDING. I desire to move an
amendment to that resolution.
Tho SPEAKER. That cannot be done at
present, the previous question being demanded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was'agreed to.
FURNISHING THE PRESIDENT'S HOUSE.
Mr. SLOAN submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
AV'S'o/v^v/, That the Committee on Appropriations
be requested to consider at an early period an appro-
priation for the proper furnishing and repairing of
the Presidents House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and tinder the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
SALARY OF CLERK OF COMMITTEE.
Mr. McINDOE submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded tho previous
question:
Ilcwhnl, That the salary of tho clerk to the Com-
mittee on Aio'iopiiations shall bo tho same as was
puid to the clerk to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REGISTRY LAWS.
Mr. SPALDING submitted the following
resolution; which was road, eonsidei-ed, and
agreed to:
That the Committee on Commerce he di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of so amending
tho registry laws as to admit the resristerinc; of any
nhip or vessel actually owned by a citizen of the Uni-
ts il States without reference to the place of construc-
tion, subject to such rules as may be imposed by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
ILLINOIS SOLDIERS' ORPHANS' HOME.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask leave to intro-
duce and put on its passage a joint resolution
donating certain Government property in Illi-
nois to the Soldiers' Orphans' Home of that
State.
Mr. JOHXSON. I object unless it be re-
ferred to a committee.
Mr. JNGERSGL-L. I withdraw it for the
present.
COMMITTED ON MINES ANT) MINING.
Mr. HIGBY submitted the following resolu-
tion ] which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Jh'solvid, That the committee on rules be requested
to consider the expediency of'appointing a standing1
eopimittee io be called 4* the Committee on Mines and
Mining," whose duty it >-liall be- to consider and report
on all questions relating to mines and mining which
may bo referred to them; and report their conclusion
to the llou.<e at as early a day as possible.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Mr. DONNELLY submitted the following
resolution; which was re#d, considered, and
agreed to:
Iidolv<J, That the Committee on Territories bo di-
rected to inquire into the propriety of affixing the
name of Lincoln to some one of the Territories oi the
AV est.
PACIFIC STATES AND TERRITORIES.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution j which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
_ ItcHoltnh That it is the duty as well as the true pol-
icy of the General Government to encourage the de-
velopment of the resources of our Pacific States and
Territories, by encouraging the building of military
railroads in them^ by protecting the lives and prop- I
erfcy of their inhabitants against Indian depredations; 1
by extending to them convenient and liberal mall
facilities; by affording greater security to life and
commerce in their ocean navigation; and by a gen-
erous and liberal policy toward their mining interest.
THOMAS HURLEY.
Mr. GARFIELD introduced a bill for the
relief of Thomas Hurley ; wliich was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
MUTUAL HOMESTEAD PROTECTION COMPANY.
Mr. SMITH introduced a bill to incorporate
the United States Mutual Protection Home-
stead Company ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. WARD introduced a bill declaring cer-
tain transfers void, and requiring an oath in
pension cases ; which was.read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
And then, on motion of Mr. DRIGGS, the
House (at a quarter past two o'clock p. m.)
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 13, 1865.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev.-E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
Hon A vcov H..Cragi\t, of New Hampshire,
appeared in his seat to-day.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. WILSON was, on his motion, excused
from further service upon the Committee on
Pensions and the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
PETITIONS AXD MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
memorial of F. Afton, of St. J osephs, Missouri,
praying for the passage of a lawprohibitingthe
circulation 'of gold and silver as a currency,
making legal-tender Treasury notes the perma-
nent internal currency of the country, and that
gold and silver be purchased and reserved for
Government purposes; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POLAND presented the petition of John
Nabb and Sarah Nabb, of the city of Burling-
ton, Vermont, praying for compensation for
property belonging to tliem in Chaileston, South
Carolina, which property was wasted and de-
stroyed during the bombardment and occupa-
tion of that city by the forces of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of Wil-
liam Cook, praying for compensation for the
use by the Government of a lot of land owned
by him in the city of Washington, being lot No.
4'2 in square No. 184; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
SENATORS FROM LOUISIANA.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I am requested by the del-
egation from Louisiana to present a remon-
strance against the admission of certain persons
as Senators from that State. I ask that it lie
read and laid on the table. J presume it will
be followed up by a more regular remonstrance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
munication will be read, if there be no objec-
tion.
The Secretary read, as follows:
New Orleaxs, Drr.'mher 0.1 Sf .
Received Washington, December 10,1805.
To JacobBarkkr and others,
Members of Congress jronx Louisixinu :
Joint resolution 
Mr. GRIMES. I object to the reading of
that paper. It is not addressed to the Senate.
It seems it is addressed to Jacob Barker, and
presented here to iniluence the action of the
Senate.
Mi\ GUTHRIE. I take it for granted there
is no just objection to it although it is addressed
to Jacob B!u-ker. The delegation from Louisi-
ana request that I shall file it here. Agreeably
