1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to that request, I do so. I ask for no action
upon it, supposing" really that they will follow
it by a more formal remonstrance. It can do *o
harm to allow it to be received and laid on the
table.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be time enough to
read the remonstrance whenever they shall pre-
sent a more formal one. In the first place, it
is a violation of the rules of this body that any
petition shall be read except a petition that
emanates from a State. Then, in the next place,
it is'not addressed to this body at all, but is ad-
dressed to Jacob Barker and oilier persons who
claim to bo the representatives of the State of
Louisiana, and is signed by a man who has
already certified under his own signature that
certain other persons have been legally elected
a? Senators of the United States from this same
State of Louisiana.
\ The PRESIDENT^roiempore. The Chair
will suggest that, under the rule of the Senate,
when a paper is presented and its reading asked
for, if the reading be objected to, it is to be de-
cided by the Senate without debate. The Chair
understands the Senator from Kentucky to pre-
sent a paper and ask for its reading, to which the
Senator from Iowa objects. " The question is,
Shall the paper be read ?
The question being put, the Senate refused
to allow the paper to be read.
The communication was ordered to lie on the
table.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That llit: memorial of Franc-is A. Gibbons
and !■'. X. Kelly, praying m lie reimbursed tor money
advanced and material* furnished in tlic construction
of Iii,'ht-hoii"i-s in California and Oic?on, be with-
(j'.v'.vn from tile l'i! of tile Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Claims,
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, it was
Oi-ihred, That the petition and papers in the case of
John Ag-nall be withdrawn from the file? ot the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
NOTICE Oi' A BILL.
Mr. MORGAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to establish a
coinage department in the United States assay
oliice in the city of New York.
HILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice. asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill iS. No. "I) to reimburse the State of Mis-
souri for moneys expended for the United
States in enrolling, equipping, and provision-
ing militia forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion ; which was read twicc by its title.
Mr. BROWN. As that is a very important
bill, 1 ask that it may be ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
« The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWAttT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave u> introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 5) submitting to the Legis-
latures of the several States a proposition to
amend the Constitution of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 32) to prevent the absence of territorial
officers from their official duties; which was,
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 0) authorizing the Presi-
dent to divert certain funds heretofore appro-
priated, and cause the same to lie used for
immediate subsistence and clothing, &c., for
destitute Indians and Indian tribes : which was
read twice" by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
COMPENSATION DUE SENATOR COLLAMER.
Mr. FOOT. I offer the following resolution,
which, undej the rules of the Senate, goes to
the Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate: ,
Mesohed, That the Secretary of the Senate be, and
he is hereby, directed to pay, out of the contingent
fund of the Senate, to Mrs. Mary N. Collamer, widow
of Hon. Jacob Collamer, deceased, late a Senator
from the State of Vermont, the amount of compen-
sation due the deceased at the time of his death.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rules this resolution will be referred to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate.
TELEGRAPHIC CONGRESSIONAL REPORTS.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following resolu-
tion of inquiry, and ask for its present consid-
eration :
Jlesolvpxl, That the Committee on the Library on the
part of the Senate be instructed to inquire and re-
port to the Senate what action, if any, may be neces-
sary to secure more aceurato reports of the proceed-
ings of this body for publication by the Associated
Press.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. It has been suggested to mo
that 1 ought to insert the word ''telegraphic"
before the word "reports." I do not know
but that that amendment ought to be made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is in the hands of the Senator for pur-
poses of modification. If he requests that mod-
ification to be made, the resolution will be so
modified.
'Mr. GRIMES. This resolution is simply a
resolution of inquiry, directing the Committee
on the Library on the part of the Senate to as-
certain whether some steps may not be taken
to secure accurate reports of the proceedings
of the Senate. 1 suppose it is known to every-
body that the first impressions that are created
on the public^piind as to our transactions here
are created by the short telegraphic dispatches
that are sent to the press of New York autl
also published in our city papers here: for, as
I understand, the reports that are published
in the morning papers of Washington are the
same that are sent forward the preceding even-
ing to lie published in the papers in Baltimore,
Philadelphia, New York, and elsewhere. I need
not remind Senators that those reports are ex-
ceedingly inaccurate, that they give no proper
idea whatever to the public as to what business
is transacted here, or as to what may have been
the arguments that were submitted by gentle-
men who were for or against any given propo-
sition. I think I need do no more to .convince
anybody of thai fact than to refer to the tele-
graphic dispatches that were sent from this city
last night as to the proceedings of Congress
yesterday. I confess that I voted yesterday
with the majority of the Senate on the question
then before us; but the arguments submitted
by Senators who advocated the side, with which
I voted—for 1 was a silent member then as I am
usually—seem to have been withheld, while ar-
guments that were submitted b3' other gentle-
men are very copiously given. I do not say
that this was in consequence of any improper
conduct on the part of tlietelegraphic reporter :
I do not believe that it was. for i do not believe
that any man can sit here in our gallery and
undertake to give an abstract of a speech thai
a Senator is delivering here, because he cannot
tell what is the drift and scope of the speech,
what it is likely to be, whether it is to be one
minute long or thirty minutes long, and he may
put down upon his paper that part of the re-
marks .that may be most immateiial. and that
is sent forward to New York and elsewhere as
being the drift and scope and extent of the
speech; whereas if we could make an arrange-
ment with a competent reporter to take up the
speeches after they have been delivered during
the day and make out an abstract irom thoni,
taking a whole speech i whether, having heard t he
whole of it, then we might convey to the public
mind some proper idea of what was said and
what was done here.
Mr. FESSENDEX. I happen to be a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Library: and I
wish to say in advance that though I am per-
fectly willing to inquire into the matter, I do
not see that there is anything we can possibly
do with reference to it. The Associated Press
and the telegraphic reports are entirely inde-
pendenVof us; we cannot control them in any
way. They report what they please, as much
as they please, and as little as they please, and
we haveno remedythatl am aware of, although
I hope that my friend, the chairman of the com-
mittee, will be able to discover one, because in
my judgment a remedy is very much needed.
With regard to myself, individually, I do not
know that I have ever had the honor of having
anything that I have said correctly reported.
V ery little that I have said here has ever been re-
ported at all by the Associated Press; Of that I
do not complain; that probably is owing to the
worthlessness of the matter; but the trouble
with regard to myself and many other members
has been that there was no idea conveyed of
what we did say. Now, take for instance the
debate which took place yesterday: my friend
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Dooi,m%e,] who took
one side of the question pretty much alone, was
reported at length; while with regard to my-
self, I believe the first remark was that Mr.
Fessenden was opposed to doing anything in
support of the Administration—that is about
the amount of it, though it is not exactly so ex-
pressed—and for the singular reason that the
Senate was part of the Administration! I think
Senators will bear me witness that I did not
say any such thing, or convey any such idea.
I must say that, so far as I have observed
them, the reports of the Associated Press have
•been utterly worthless, and worse than worth-
less, for they either convey no idea to the
country of what takes place here, or if they do
it is generally an incorrect idea. 1 do not
know to what this is owing. I presume there
is no design in it. I have been told that cer-
tain members take care to write out an abstract
ol' tlieir own remarks and to furnish it to the
telegraphic reporter, and that such abstracts
are sent when furnished. If that is the case,
the result is that where a speech is thus pre-
pared for publication, the reply to it does not
stand an equal chance with the speech itself
of being disseminated.
The effect upon Senators, however, is of no
consequence'comparatively; the effect upon
the country is of great consequence. The de-
bate j-esteiday was very full for the subject-
matter, but as it has gone out to the country
and all over the country, the inevitable infer-
ence would be that we were charged here with
unfriendliness to the Administration and not
supporting the President's policy, and that the
only reply we made was substantially that we
did not want to support, it, for that is about
the amount of it—an utterly false and untrue
statement, as all gentlemen present must know.
While I say that I am not aware that we can
do anything to help ourselves in this matter, it
is well that the country should understand, in
the first place, that the'Senate is not in any de-
gree responsible for the reports that are made
of its proceedings by the Associated Press, and
in the next place that the Senate disclaims the
correctness of the reports as made. If they go
out from this body in the way they ha-( e gone
out heretofore, to the extent of my observation,
it should be understood that the Senate does
not consider itself as represented in any way
by the leports that are thus made. 1 certainly
do not wish to be. so considered, because really
while I pay very little attention and care very
little about being reported at alb I do not want
to be put entirely in a false position before the
country, but 1 do not see that I can help myself.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I agree
entirely in the object of my honorable friend from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] in the introduction ot this
resolution. I introduced a similar resolution in
the last Congress with only this difference, that
my resolution was referred to the Committee
Oil Printing, and this is directed to the Commit-
tee on the Library. But I do not agree with
my honorable friend from Maine [Mr. Fessex-
nrx] in saying that we have no power in our
hands to correct this great evil, for I admit
that it has been in the proceedings of the Sen-
ate a great evil that the first telegraphic im-
pressions of what is done here have carried
only half what has been done. Sometimes one
