1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3019
to any other ; stronger reasons for urging the
adoption of that site than any other gentlemen
on this floor can have.
Mr. LB BLOND. I should like to ask the
gentleman from New York a question, with
his permission.
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly.
Mr. LB BLOND. I infer from the gentle-
man's speech that he is opposing the report as
it comes from the committee. I desire to
know how ho intends to vote when the ques-
tion shall be taken.
Mr. RAYMOND. Well, sir, T do not know
which to admire most, the extraordinary skill
and ingenuity with which the gentleman draws
an inference, or his coolness in putting such a
question as that to me.
Mr. LE BLOND. I am simply governed
by a recollection of the past history of the gen-
tleman. That is all.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I said that
I intended to vote for the substitute. The
gentleman infers from this, with a degree of
acumen that must be peculiar with him, that
I am not going to vote for the proposition
reported by the committee.
Sir. LB BLON D. That was the natural con-
clusion from the past history of the gentleman.
Mr. RAYMOND. The natural conclusion
from what past history ?
Mr. LB BLOND. Well, I will say for the
information of the gentleman, that upon two
occasions when the gentleman has spoken in
favor of propositions, we have found him vot-
ing against them. On the question of striking
out the third section of the constitutional
amendment reported from the committee on
reconstruction, the gentleman made a speech
sf which lie might well be proud if he had only
followed the spirit of his speech in his vote.
Prom that speech, wo upon this side expected
that he was going to vote with us, and that in
the end we would defeat the measure. But
when the question was taken, we found the
gentleman voting with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] for the proposi-
tion, after he had spoken against it. And on
one or two other occasions, I believe, the gen-
tleman from New York stands on the record
as affirming by his votes precisely the contrary
of the positions he had taken in his speeches.
This being the case, we upon this side natuially
infer that whenever the gentleman makes a
speech in favor of a proposition, he of course
will vote against the proposition.
Mr. RAYMOND. Well, Mr. Speaker, the
inference which the gentleman assures me that
side of the House draw in such cases is cred-
itable to their candor as well as their intelli-
gence. Now, sir, he may learn from this in-
stance, as well as some others to which he has
alluded, that the inferences which lie and his
associates on that side of the House have at
various times taken the liberty to draw con-
cerning my action, have no foundation what-
ever except in their imaginations, or perhaps
their hopes. Itseemsto have entered the heads
of the gentleman and some of his associates
that I was here to follow their lead, to vote as
they wished or hoped I would vote. Sir, I trust
that by this time they have corrected that im-
pression. I have never said or done anything
to give any countenance to it.
The gentleman taunts me with having voted
for the third section of 1he constitutional
amendment recently passed by this House,
after I had made a speceh against it. Sir,
permit me to say that. J did no such thing. I
spoke against that proposition, and I should
have voted against it if the gentleman and his
associates had not joined those on our side who
were in favor .of it to prevent me and others
from having a chance to vote against it. I do
not think the gentleman and his associates are
entitled to claim any particular credit for their
action on that occasion.
Mr. ANCONA. I wish to correct the gen-
tleman on one point.
Mr. RAYMOND. I do not yield to the
gentleman. I wish to conclude my answer to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond.]
. I wish to say further, that whenever the gen-
tleman and his associates combine with those
of my own political friends who do not entirely
concur with me to prevent me from voting so
as to express my sentiments, I shall vote as I
choose, without asking the gentleman's con-
sent or that of his associates. If in the record
of his action and that of his associates on that
particular occasion the gentleman can find any-
thing of which he thinks he ought to be proud,
1 commend hint to cherish it with the utmost
care, for it will be one of the very few things
of which he can be proud. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, we will drop the subject of the third
section here unless the gentleman from Ohio
has some other question he would like to ask
me.
Mr. LB BLOND. Oh, no. I hope I will
be pardoned for saying that the history of the
gentleman's speeches and votes will speak for
itself. I trust he will have capacity enough
when he gets home to his constituents to har-
monize the one with the other. I confess my
inability to do so, and hence my inference.
Mr. RAYMOND. I do not know that the
gentleman is called upon to reconcile my votes
and my speeches. It will be quite enough for
him to reconcile his own with sound political
principles and common sense. [Laughter.]
Mr. LE BLOND. If the gentleman will
permit, I will say that my own votes and the
few remarks I have made, I think, will tally
and harmonize. I do not think I have ever
been in the unfortunate position of my friend
from New York, lie started out at this session
of Congress with one, foot on the shoulder of
Andrew Johnson, and the other foot on the
shoulder of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens.] These two gentlemen have
been diverging, and lie is still trying to keep
his feet upon them both. God knows what
will become of the body if they diverge much
further, llis logs I do not find elongating
much. I hope they possess elastic power which
will enable him at least to preserve his life.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RAYMOND. Well, sir, I am not half
so much concerned with reference to my po-
sition as the gentleman from Ohio. I consider
that my votes are within my control, and as
yet I have found no ditlieulty in standing upon
my own platform. It may not suit the gentle-
man from Ohio; it may not suit some gentle-
men in my own party; but it suits me perlcctly.
I have found some reason to regret that gen-
tlemen did not agree with me. I am in the
eondition of the obstinate juror who wondered
liow it was that those eleven obstinate fellows
would hold out against him. [Laughter.] I
will not say that my friend from Ohio has
always voted against me. He has several times
voted with me. 1 have regarded it as a sign
of remaining grace that he and his friends have
a few times voted with me on what I regarded
as sound political principles. Whenever they
depart from them and attempt to compel me
to vote as they do I shall take the liberty of
voting as I please.
I do not know that I had anything more to
say on the pending question except this, that
I shall vote for the substitute of the gentleman
from Connecticut. I believe what little 1 have
said has been in favor of that substitute, and
therefore I hope that the gentleman from Ohio
will understand I am going to vote as I have
spoken.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
so much has been said and so elaborately said
upon this subject, that perhaps little more elu-
cidation is needed ; but not being quite satis-
fied with either of the propositions as they stand
before the House, I rise mainly for the purpose
of offering an amendment to the substitute of
the gentleman from Connecticut, which I will
have read before I take my seat.
While I am up I will say a few words on the
subject. Those who know something of the
history of this question in this House will
remark one striking distinction in the debate
which has been had yesterday and to-day as
compared with the debates heretofore on this
subject. Heretofore no small part of the re-
sult of the discussion has turned upon the point
of the necessity of establishing an additional
navy-yard anywhere. During the progress of
the war many gentlemen had doubts so serioua
and important in relation to the necessity of
having another yard that they were disposed to
vote against this question altogether, and it
allowed to be passed over. It is quite natural
that should have been the case, because pre-
vious to the breaking out of the rebellion there
were no circumstances connected with the his-
tory of this country which should suggest to
men not particularly conversant with naval
affairs that a navy-yard like that contemplated
in the proposition before the House was or
would be needed.
It has so happened, sir, that owing to the
fact that a broad ocean lay between us and the
European continent, which has been the seat
of almost all the wars of modern times, our
position has been isolated from the theater of
those wars. We have thus happily been deliv-
ered from the complications which have in-
volved the nations upon the other side of the
water; and upon this side there have been no
nations at all adequate to cope with the Gov-
ernment of the United States. It has, there-
fore, not only been our privilege in times past,
bat it has been our boast, on numerous occa-
sions, that we were able to point to the fact
that we were a groat and strong and growing
nation, and the only one of corresponding mag-
nitude in the world which was able to continue
year after year without the expense and without
the necessity of a great standing army or of a
very large navy. But, sir, the occurrence of
the rebellion changed this slate of things in
almost every particular. 1 lie occurrence of
the rebellion found us without any adequate
navy for the exigencies which arose at that
time ; and, sir, it is perfectly plain on looking
at the history of this war that had the United
States possessed at the beginning of the rebel-
lion an adequate naval force, or even a naval
force one half as large as that which it pos-
sesses to-day, the rebellion would never have
grown to any considerable importance or mag-
nitude. We should have had possession of the
whole coast; we should have recaptured all the
forts that were seized by the rebels ; we should
have been enabled to assert our power on the
sea everywhere. Everybody knows the spon-
taneity with which the loyal millions flow to
the ranks of the Army, which made it a suffi-
cient power to take care of the interior por-
tions of our country.
Now, sir, the first lesson that we ought to
learn from the recent war is that we ought not
to continue in a state of unpreparedness for
war. Why, sir, the great national debt which
has been entailed upon the country in its thou-
sands of millions of dollars, is a perpetual ad-
monition to us that we should at least be con-
tinually pi eparcd for war, and every soldier's
grave, of which there are hundreds and thou-
sands in our land, sends up to us an appeal
that we shall not in the future disregard a proper
provision for the vindication of the honor of
that flag which they died to maintain. Ay, sir,
more than that, every mourning household
throughout our land sends up to us here its
pathetic appeal that we shall heed the lessons
of war, while they point to the vacant places at
their own firesides and weep over those who
have laid down their lives for the liberties and
for the honor of our common country.
Now, sir, I have said that the rebellion might
have been checked if we could have had ade-
quate preparations for war; but we are obliged
to-day to look at the facts as they stand out
before us. The rebellion was not prevented ;
it has passed into history; and the events of
history are elements that must shape the future
policy of this country. We are not now the
same nation that we were before the war. The
events of the war are a part of the heritage of
this and of all future generations of American
citizens ; and what we do to-day, and what we
shall do in all the future, must, be done in the
light, not only of what existed before the war,
