2060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
which are contemplated by the section? That
is the first and principal point for us to deter-
mine. If there be a delegation of power in the
Constitution covering these cases, the question
* of its constitutionality cannot be raised upon
tliatissue. The Constitution declares that "the
judicial power shall extend to all cases in law
and equity arising under this Constitution, the
lawsof the United States," &e. Are thCfcases
contemplated by section four cases arising under
any law of the United States? What are they,*
and what is their character? It is best illus-
trated by a single example.
Suppose a private soldier in the State of
Kentucky, or Delaware, no matter where, re-
ceived an order in writing, or a mere verbal
order, from his superior officer in command
and to whom he owed obedience, to proceed
and take possession of the horse or any other
article of property belonging to a citizen in the
neighborhood, property deemed by the supe-
rior officer to be essential and necessary in the
prosecution of his military operations; or sup-
pose that„the same soldier was directed by a
similar order to proceed to demolish thedwell-
ing-house of a resident in the neighborhood
for the same purpose and under the same neces-
sity. The soldier proceeded and executed the
order; he took the horse or any other article
of personal property mentioned in his order,
or he proceeded and demolished the dwelling-
house. He is sued in one of the local courts ;
he is made defendant; he is charged with com-
mitting a trespass against the property of the
owner of the horse in taking and carrying away
the horse, or he may be charged with demol-
ishing the house. He is brought into court by
regular appearance process; he pleads to the
declaration of the complaint, whatever it may
be: and his defense consists in the simple fact
that he received from his superior officer a
written or a verbal order to do the acts as to
which the complaint is made against him. He
presents the order, if it be in writing, or he
proves or offers to prove the order, if it be a
verbal order and not in wiitiug. This is one
of the numerous cases that have arisen during
the late war. I ask the honorable Senator fi om
Delaware and the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania whether this is not a case aris-
ing under a law of the United States. It
arises from military necessity: that necessity
is adjudged of by the superior officer in com-
mand.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. S A ULSBURY. I will state to the Sen-
ator a case that occurred in my own State, in
\he county in which I reside, and then I wish
',0 know his opinion whether that arose under
ike Constitution of the United States, any law,
or any treaty of the United States. A Metho-
dist preacher was on the cars. After he left
the cars he proceeded to a neighbor's house,
and was asked what the news was. It was at
tiie time when the rebels were making an at-
tack on this city. He told them that he did
not know, but lie had heard a soldier say upon
the cars that the report was that Washington
had fallen. For making use of that remark a
provost marshal visited his house, carried him
against his will to the city of Wilmington, and
lodged him in a place which they kept for public
offenders. He was heard. There was not a
parliele of proof against the man. but lie was
made to pay an expense of some twenty or thirty
dollars and allowed to return home. Now. sir.
suppose that Methodist minister should insti-
tute a civil action against that provost marshal,
or should cause him to be indicted in the courts
of the county in which he resides, would that
case arise under the Constitution, the laws,
or any treaiy of the United States, or would it
be for a violation of the public peace of that
Slate?
.Mr. HOWARD. I was speaking within the
jiunifu- of (lie bill: I was speaking about
orders regularly i-s'U'd by .superior officers to
iiifriims. under v.hich. acts alleged to be tres-
Tiassr.s mayhavu been commuted. 'Ihat is the
; extent of the bill, and that is the whole extent
| of the bill. Now, sir, are these acts eom-
; plained of acts done under a law of the United
| States? Certainly the Senator from Delaware
| cannot deny it. They were acts committed 
I Mr. SAULSBURY. Willthe Senator allow
| me one moment ? I do deny, as far as any
of these acts have been committed in the State
■ of Delaware, that they have arisen under any
} law of the United States.
j Mr. HOWARD. That is not the question.
| I am speaking of regular acts of war performed
j by inferiors in obedience to the orders of their
I superiors. I am not speaking of willful and
; wanton trespasses committed by soldiers or
! officers without warrant and without order,
! because the bill contemplates no such cases,
I affords protection in no such eases. I am
| speaking of acts done under regular orders,
i Do those acts present eases coming under any
1 law of the United States? That involves the
question whether the war itself existed in pur-
suance of any law of the United States. If
the war itself was waged in pursuance of law,
if the Congress of the United States, in provid-
ing for its prosecution, did not transcend the
Constitution itself, all these acts of war were
committed under a law of the United States;
I and the acts themselves, taken in connection
; with the party plaintiff and the party defendant
1 in* the State court, constitute a case at law. A
case at law must have parties; there must be
j a fact connected with it, there must be an alle-
j gation on one side by one party against the
! other in respect to which the plaintiff asks for
! relief or asks for judgment. That I under-
| stand to be in very brief terms a definition of
i a case at law.
l The judicial power of the United States ex-
j tends to just such cases ; that is to say. it reaches
! them, it covers them. The judicial power of
I the United States may, if Congress so choose,
! take these cases and deal with them in any way
i it sees fit. If the case exists in a State court,
| being covered by and subject to the judicial
j power of the United States under the Consti-
! tution, it is competent undoubtedly for Con-
! gress to provide for the prosecution, trial, and
1 decision of these cases in their own way. That,
in 'oiief, is all that is contemplated in this stat-
ute. But. sir, if according to the doctrine of
some.'if according to the teachings of a class
> of doctors who have been too numerous and
! whose teachings have been too fatal in this
country, it is not competent for the Congress
of the United States to wage war, as the}- say,
against a State; if the acts of the United States
in the prosecution of this war were according
to the doctrines of those teachers, all void and
of no effect: if a State ordinance of secession
is to be the paramount law of the land, the
j Constitution of the United States to the con-
j trary notwithstanding, then, sir, I agree that
' all these cases are not cases arising tinder any
: law of the United States, and therefore they
\ cannot be removed from a State court in which
1 they may happen to be brought. But, sir, I_do
! not belong to that school of politics. I reject
! the whole theory of Mr. Calhoun and all his
followers from beginning to end upon the ques-
| tion of the right of a State to secede, or the
! right of the Government of the United States
i to wage war for the purpose of putting down
; a rebellion or an insurrection. I hold all our
, acts to be perfectly valid and as valid as they
were necessary.
Now. sir. as to the other amendment; it is
suggested that .the word "judges'' should be
stricken out of the section. It is alleged that
it i.s a cruel proceeding against a judge to hold
, him responsible in damages for acts which he
I ma}" do or assume to do in his judicial capa-
. city. The bill has been much misunderstood;
| certainly it has b'?en greatly misrepresented
! during this discussion. Gentlemen have im-
; pitted to it the principle that it assumes to pun-
| ish a judge who proceeds after the case lias been
! removed from him by inflicting a penult} upon
; him and treating him as a criminal. Not so,
j; sir. The section speaks for itself, and speaks
i: plainly, that if the State court shall, notwith-
standing the performance of all things required
for the removal of the-case to (he circuit court
of the United States, proceed further before
the certificate of removal is produced, then,
and in'that case, " all such further proceedings
shall be void and of none effect; and all par-
ties, judges, officers, and other persons thence-
forth proceedingthereunder, orby color thereof,
shall be liable in damages therefor to the party
aggrieved."
Now, what is the theory of the bill ? That it
is the right of the party sued, the right of the
defendant in that particular case, to present his
petition to the court, and upon the presenta-
tion of such petition showing that the act com-
plained of was done by him under a military
order. it shall be the duty of the State court to
surcease all its proceedings and pass the ease
from its own jurisdiction into the hands of the
circuit court of the United States. It is in the
nature of an injunction against the State court,
or more properly speaking, it is in the nature
of a writ of prohibition, which forbids and pro-
hibits the court to which it is addressed from
proceeding further in the case.
What has the judge to complain of? It. is
said if he proceeds further in the case after
the removal papers are presented to him or
filed with him he is acting in his judicial
capacity, and that it is hard and cruel and dis-
graceful to punish a man, even in damages,
when he is acting in good faith as a judge and
deciding a question of law that has come
before him. That is not this ca<-e. The State
judge who had the first jurisdiction of the case
has before him (and he alone knows the fact)
all the papers to perfect this removal of the
case from the State court into the circuit court
of the United States. The paper itself is to
him an admonition, a perfectly full notice that
from the moment he receives it he ceases to
have any further jurisdiction or power over the
case, and that he must not proceed further
with it. It is a plain, distinct, and unmis-
takable notice operating upon him to divest
him completely from that moment of all his
jurisdiction over the case. And will Senators
say that with this paper before him he can be
deceived or misled as to what his duty is?
Can it be said that notwithstanding the pro-
vision'of the Constitution which I have quoted,
notwithstanding the existence of the law, not-
withstanding the petition which is to be verified
l by the oath of the applicant setting forth the
1 facts which divest him of the jurisdiction, he
may still go on and af t in good faith and with-
out guilt and pronounce judgment against the
defendant in that case ? No, sir. He has no
more right in law or equity or in good morals
to proceed another inch with that case thau
has the party who is served with an injunction
in a court of equity where the writ has been
properly delivered to him and the seal of the
court shown him ; and we all know how heavy
the penalty is, or may he, against a party in a
court of equity who disobeys an injunction of
the court. The injunction here is the injunc-
tion of a law of the United States, which says
to the State court, Stop ; go no further : the
supreme power of the United States bids you
to pause ; it interposes its strong arm to pro-
tect the soldier or the officer whom you have
before you from any judgment which yon may
see fit to pass upon him, and it transfers him
and his case to another and a more impartial
and a safer tribunal.'' Sir, 1 think there is
no ground whatever for the complaints which
are made in this Chamber against inflicting
punishment upon the judge who persists in his
guilty course after this notice has been served
upon him and does these acts against his own
light and knowledge.
But it is said by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, spare the judge; let him proceed, not-
withstanding the removal ol the cause, and
adjudicate the case, and send the soldier to
ja'1, and let the soldterin order to seek redress
sue. not the judge who has commanded him to
go to jail, but the sheriff or the constable to
whom the process for his confinement to jail
has been delivered. It strikes me that that ia
