1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
commi^ioners herein named, from Missouri, shall
appoint.
'I lie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
one hundred and sixteen, afrer the word "ap-
point/' to strike out the words "not more than
six months from the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I will suggest that on the
7th page of the bill, line one hundred and fifty-
five. in the clause directing the directors to turn
over all the properties and subscription books
to the stockholders, the word "moneys'' be
inserted before "properties." The'principal
thing they will have to turn over will be the
money that has been subscribed. " Properties"'
includes mone}', but it is a vague way of stat-
ing it.
JUr. BROWN. I have no objection to the
1 amendment.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The Chair
will suggest that the amendments reported by
the committee are perhaps more properly in
order in the iirst instance, and then the amend-
ments which any other Senatois may wish to
make. The bill will be opt.'n to amendment
after the amendments of the committee arc
dispo.-ed of.
Mr. POMEROY. Rome of these amend-
ments are merely clerical, and I should like to
have them made as we go along.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section three, line thirty-five, after the word
"first,'' to insert the words " and seventeenth."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line six, after the word '"same," to insert
"who shall be paid a reasonable compensation
for their services by the United States, to be
determined by the Secretary of the Interior,"
so that the section will read:
That whenever paid Atlantic and Pacific Railroad
Companv <diall ha-\ e twentv-livo consecutive miles <>f
any portion of said railroad and tcleeraph line ready
for the service contemplated, the Picodent *r>f the
United States shall appoint three cnmmi^ionei* to
examine the same, "nlio shall he paid a reasonable
compensation loi then-services by the United Staces,
to bo determined by the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine,
line seven, after the words " United States,"
to strike out " b) ilb Congress."
The amendment was ugieed to.
The next amendment was in section ten, lino
five, after the word "subscription," tQ strike
out the words " and no mortgage or construc-
tion bonds shall ever be issued by said com-
pany or said road, or mortgage or lien made in
any way. except by the consent of the Congress
of the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twelve,
line eijJit. to strike out the words l* served on
the President of the Uni:ed Slates," and to
in-eri. "deposited in the oilier* of the Sen etury
ofihe Inreiior:" mj that the section wili read:
That the acceptance nf the terms, conditions and
imnn-iLiMii- ol this iu-t by tin- .-aid A.Hntie ond Pa'-ilic
RaiJivad Companv shall be Minified in wii'insuiuler
the corporate seal ol said company, duly executed
ma Mian t to the duvet'* on of its boa id of dii ot. roi-lir -t
had and obtained, which acceptance ^-h.-il be made
within two years after the passage of this act and not
nfrervvaid, and shall be deposited m the oiiiecof iho
Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirteen,
line two. afrer the word "make" to insert the
•words "and publish."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four of sec-
tion thirteen, after the word ''directors1' to
insert the words "a copy of which shall be
deposited m the office of said Secretary of the
Interior; " so that the sec!ion will read :
That the directors of said company shall make
and puhli-h an annual ri port ol their pioe<?<dunrs
and <%xp* lidiimiv-, "verified ny the 'affidavits of the
pre-ident nud at lea^ixui the diivetou-N a copy of
winch >hall ho deputed iu the office <>t ^ud Secretary
of the Lnterioi; and they shall fioin umo to time fix,
determine, and regulate the fares, tolls and charges
to be received and paid lor transportation of persons
and propt-i ty on said road, or any part thereof.
The ameudment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven-,
teen, line ten, to insert the following proviso:
JJrovi<led< .That any such grant or donation, power,
aid, "<>r a^i.-tame iiom any Indian tiibc ornation^
shall be subject to the approval of the President of
the United State*.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That pro-
viso will be added if there be no objection.
None being made it is adopted.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion eighteen, in the following words:
Sec. IB. A nd ho it further encu-tcdy That said South-
ern l>aci!ic Railroad Company shaii obtain theconsent
of the Legislature of any State thioui?h which any
portion of said railroad hue may pass previous to
commencing the construction thereof; but said com-
panv have the u^ht to put on engineer,-> and suney
the route before obtaining the consent of the Lcgis-
latuic.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Si:e. IS. And he it further etwehd, That the South-
ern Paeiiie railroad, a company incorporated under
the la/ws of the State of Cahhrniia, i^ hereby author-
ized to connect with the «aid Atlantic and_ Pacific
railroad, formed under this act, at such point near
the boundaiy line of the State of Oalilornia as they
shall deem most suitable for a railroad line to San
Franci-co, and shall have a uniform £'<uige and rate
ol irciaht m* fare'with said road: and in considera-
tion thereof, to aid in its construction, chalUiave sim-
ilar or.inN of hind, subject to all the conditions and
limitations herein provided, arW shall bo lequired to
construct its road on tile like retrulai ions, as to time
and manner, with the Atlantic and Paeiiie railroad
herein piovided for, and the Nmthern Central Ilail-
road Company, a company incorporated under the
iaw-ofthcStateof Is evada, he, and the same i%*ilso
authoii^cd to construct a l)rauch northwaidly, irom
some point on its line at or near the Colorado river,
by himh route or routes as may bo bv them deemed
most practicable, to such points in the State of Ne-
vada and Utah Territory as they may select; and such
branch lines, when located and adopted, shall have
the same ritrhts and rranehhus and the sanu* land
grants as herein piovided lor the mam line of tile
Atlantic and Paeiiie raiboad.
AIv. POMEROY. This new spctiomvlrich the
commit tee propose to insert in the bill proposes
to make a land grant to two other railroad com-
panies not named- in the -bill. One of those
companies, the California company, seems to
be a continuation of this Atlantic and Pacific
railroad line, and' therefore ought not to be
objected to ; but the section also provides that
the same quantity of land may be gnen to
another company in the Stale of Nevada, sub-
ject to the same limitations and the same restric-
tions. While that mar be also a very good thing
to be done, f question whether a new company
entirely, in another Stale, not connected with
this Atlantic and Pacific road at all. should lie
put inio this bill and be provided for in one sec-
tion. without any reference of the Mibjectto the
Committee, on I-hibllc Lands, who ha\c gener-
ally had ' lia'y.c of t hese local roads through the
various States, if the Senator from Missouri
flunks it important to have it in this bill. I shall
not make all)' strenuous opposition to it: but if.
i= sonmlhing entirely new in pawn," a 1'acilic
railroad hi] It o insert in it a provision for a road
in another Sta'e that i.- not connected with the
road contemplated in the bill. If there are any
roiwms for it that f do not know of 1 should lie
glad to have tlieln stated. It occurs to niethat
it is a provi.-iou not germane to the bill and
should not be attached to it.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 should like to have a
division of the question, so as to have the two
proposition.! embraced in the section proposed
to bo inserted by the committee voted upon as
separate sections, i'hey are not neces-arily
depcndeiit upon each other, and tlierelorc
should not be plae.'d in the same --eetion.
Mr. POMEilOY. The road in California
will have a direct connection v.eh it.!.- Atlantic
and Pacific road: and iheiclore 1 think it very
propel- that that road should be included in
ibis bill.
Mi. COXXESS. 1 supposed it was in a sep-
arate section, and I am a loss to know liow to
; to
it SO Vi _S
arded.
make a motion so
Mr. B:!Ov-"N. Move to amend the amend-
ment so that the latter part of it shall be marked
as a separate section.
Mr. CONNESS. _ If that will be iu order, I
will make (hat motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator state his motion?
Mr.CONNKSS. j move to amend theameod-
ment of the committee by marking all after the
word -'for," in line thirteen of the proposed
amendment, being section eighteen, as a sepa-
rate section, as section nineteen. The section
proposed to be inserted contains two distinct
propositions, and it was my understanding that
the$* were to stand separately, as different sec-
tions of the bill; and I wish that to be done ;
therefore my motion is to amend the amend-
ment by making all that portion of the amend-
ment after the word "for,'' in the thirteenth
line, section nineteen.
Mr. POM BUOY. The Senn.tor means sim-
ply to move to strike out all after the word
''for.''
Mr. COXNESS. I do not wish to do that.
I desire that a vote shall be taken on the sec-
ond branch of the section relating to the North-
ern Central Railroad Company of Nevada by
itself. For the sake of coming more readily at
the proposition I move to strike out all after
the word "for" in tho.proposed amendment;
and it can be replaced again as a new section.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to ; and the amendment of the committee, as
amended, was adopted.
Mr. BROWN. I believe those are all the
amendments reported by the committee. There
are one or two verbal corrections in the-first sec-
tion 1 would like to make. In the twenty-sev-
enth line of the first section I move to insert the
name of " George B. Center" after " Storer."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. -In the fifty-seventh line of
the firtd. section the name should he "J. 1£.
Moores" instead of '' J. It. Moores."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. BROWN. In the fifty-eighth line of the
first section the name " Dawdell" should be
'■ Dowell."
The PRESIDENTp)-oto)y?or<>. That correc-
tion will be made, as it is a mere clerical error.
Air. BROWN. In line forty-live the name
"A. E. Easton" should be "'A. 11. Easton."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, as it is a clerical mistake.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 now renew the sugges-
tion that I made before, that is, in section one,
line one hundred and fifty-live, to strike out the
word " properties," and to insert "money and
property."
Mr. BROWN. I suggest to the Senator that
in lieu of that the word " moneys" be inserted
before '"properties," so that it will read, " all
the moneys, properties, subscription-books, and
other books in their possession."
I Mr. POMEROY. Yery -well.
i UiePRESIDEXT^ro tempore. Thatamend-
ment wdl be made.
| Mr. POMEROY. The last clause of the
second section reads thus:
1 Tlie United States shall e-vt'mjniish, as rapidly as
may be corn-Meat with public policy and theweliaro
oi t lie said Indians, the Indian title, A:c.
i That is the first place in all the bill where the
word '•Indians' is used, and the word " said "
should be stricken out.
The PRES1DEN f pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. POMEROY. I notice that in the sev-
enteenth line of the third section it is provided
that the land.v proposed to be granted are not
to 'oe withdiawn from market until the line of
the road is definitely located. We have usu-
ally had the lands withdrawn from market
when a plat of the general route Was fned._ It
you wait, until the line of the road is definitely
fixed bv sections and quarter sections, jou will
lose your land.
Mr. BROWN. That can be obviated ^by
inserting the words "by filing a plat," after
the words •' definitely fixed."
Mr. POMEROY". That will help it some.
I jvish to call attention to the proviso oa the
