1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2061
a very singular proposition indeed. ^ Certainly
that Senator is well enough acquainted with
the principle of law that where a court has no
jurisdiction of the subject- matter, but still per-
sists in proceeding to judgment against the
party, the law holds that judge responsible in
damages, as well as the officer who executes
the void process, and a ministerial officer of
the court has no protection whatever, unless in
cases where the court issuing the process had
jurisdiction of the subject-matter. And how
in this case, let me inquire of the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, is the ministerial offi-
cer to know whether the case has been removed
or not? He does not keep the records. He
does .not inspect the papers. He has no right
to look into the question whether or not the
party complained against has removed the
cause ; and although the cause may have been
removed in utter ignorance of the fact on the
part of the ministerial officer, the tender mer-
cies of the Senator from Wisconsin would go
so far as to exempt the guilty judge who had
issued the process in that case and punish the
innocent ministerial officer for that as to which
he had no knowledge and was entirely innocent.
Sir, I cannot agree to any such absurdity as
that. I hope that this section will not be
amended in any respect.
Mr. JOHNSON'. Having, as one of the
Committee 011 the Judiciary, by whom this bill
was reported, concurred with the committee in
the propriety of reporting it, although perhaps
there are one or two things in it that I could
have wished had been omitted, I rise merely
for the purpose of stating very briefly the
grounds upon which 1 suppose wo have a right
to pass this bill.
In every well-regulated Government—hud it
is as true of a constitutional Government as of
any other—nothing is more evident than llmt
the judicial department should be coextensive
with the legislative ; that is to say, the foimcr
department should be able to decide upon all
questions which mayarise upon the legislation
of the legislative department of the Govern-
ment. The act of 1781), in its twenty-fifth sec-
tion, was passed for the purpose of guarding
against State decisions which might be found
to conflict with the Constitution and laws and
treaties of the United Stales, or found to punish
or disregard in any way acts that might be done
by officers of the United Stales acting under the
authority of the United States. The policy of
that provision at that time was very apparent
to the men by whom the act of 1780 was passed,
and that policy has been vindicated by almost
the entire experience of the country from the
time it was passed to the present hour." 1 think
it is not too much to say that but for that pro-
vision our institutions would have failed. They
would have failed because the rightful author-
ity of the Government could not have been
maintained; and if that authority could not have
been maintained, the General Government,
without the existence of which the State gov-
ernments would be comparatively unable to
constitute us a happy or a great people, would
have been comparatively futile. That section
provided that every case which might lie insti-
tuted in a State court in which should be in-
volv ed any question respecting the validity of
a law of the United States, or the application
of a constitutional provision of the United
States, or of a treaty adopted under the author-
ity of the United States, in which the decision
ot the State court was against the provision of
the Constitution or the law or the treaty might
be carried by writ of error to the Supreme
Court of the United States. The effect of that
provision was merely to submit to the Supreme
Court of the United States the question included
within that section and nothing else.
The Senate, and especially the legal mem-
bers of the Senate, are not to be told that from
the act of ITS'.) to the time when the case of
Martin cs. Hunter was decided, reported in
2 Wheaton, the constitutionality of that pro-
vision never was questioned, and its whole-
some operation, I think, had proved itself to
the satisfaction of all those who desired to see
the rightful authority of the Government of
tlie United States maintained. When the case
of Martin vs. Hunter arose it was contended
by Virginia that in a case instituted in a State
court, as that was, where the final judgment
had been rendered, the jurisdiction existing of
course in the State court to pronounce that
final judgment, it could not be carried at all—
any part of it—to the Supreme Court of the
United States by writ of error; not only because,
perhaps, it was not involved in the section of
the act of 17!)8, to which I have adverted, but
because if it was, Congress had 110 authority
to confer that power.
Upon looking at the decision of the Supreme
Court in the case referred to, the Senate will
find that the principal difficulty, if they had
any difficulty, that the Supreme Court had to
encounter was in the existence in the particular
case of a final judgment. It was not doubted
then, nor as far as I know has it been doubted
since, that at any time from the commencement
of a suit in the State court up to the rendition
of a final judgment, if a question arose which
involved the validity of a State law upon the
ground of its being in conflict with the Consti-
tution of the United States, or the validity of
a statute of the United States upon the ground
that it was not authorized by the Constitution
of the United States, or the validity of a treaty
upon the same ground, or the validity of an
authority exercised by any agent employed by
the United States under the authority of the
United States, it might, antecedent to judg-
ment, be brought for examination into one of
the courts of the United States.
The strict constructionists of Virginia, at the
head of whom stood at that time that judicial
luminary, #s he may well be called, Judge
ltoane, were exceedingly devoted to the doc-
trine of State lights, and they considered the
twenty-fifth section of the act of 1789 as mate-
rially interfering with the wholesome operation
of that doctrine in cases which might be brought
into the United States Supreme Court under
that section, and as in point of fact inconsist-
ent with the existence of their State-right no-
tions. The effort of the Supreme Court in the
decision, a portion of which has been read by
my brother from Oregon, [Mr. Williams,]
quoted 111 the volume of Story's Commentaries
to which he referred, was to show that the fact
that the case had gone to judgment did nottake
from the United States the authority to exam-
ine the questions which the case involved, so
far as those questions included the Constitu-
tion of the United States, or the laws of the
Slates, upon the ground that tliey were not in
accordance with the Constitution or the treaties
or statutes of the United States. The learned
judge, as I think, (independent of all mere
authority to which the judgment of that liibuual
is entitled,) arrives, by reasoning which is not
'to be resisted, at the satisfactory conclusion
that there is as much authority to take a case
i«to a court of the United States after judgment
; by a State court as there is to take it before
judgment is pronounced. I repeat, that the
authority to take it in the latter ease was an
authority that was never disputed.
Now, what does this bill do? We passed
the act of 1863, the fifth section of which was
intended to protect those who were executing
authority under the United States during the
rebellion. The whole country was in a state
of agitation, such as perhaps 110 country in the
world was ever before subjected to ; certainly
such as our country, fortunately, was never
before subjected to. and I trust in Heaven never
will be subjected to again. The language of
I that sectioii is :
"That if any suit or prosecution, civil or criminal,
lias been 01' shall be commenced ill any State court
j against any oflicer, civil or military, or agaiiift any
| other person, lor any arrest or imprisonment made.
, or other trespasses or •svronas done or committed, or
any act omitted to be done, at any time during the
I present rebellion, by virtue 01 under eulor of ar.y
authority derived from or exercised by or under the
1 President of the United States, or any act of Congress,
j and the defendant shall, at tlie time ot enterals! his
i appearance 111 such court. 01 it'such appearance shall
! have been entered before th e passage o'f tins aet, then
■I at the next session of the court in which such suit or
prosecution is pending, file a petition, stating the
facts and verified by affidavit, for the removal of the
cause for trial at the next circuit court of the United
States."
That,, as the Senate sees, and as you see, Mr.*
President, does not provide for the case in whrch
a judgment has been pronounced, and the ques-
tion, therefore, submitted to the Committee 011
the Judiciary, and the one upon which my own
judgment was exercised as a member of that
committee, was whether it was not advisable
to make the remedy entirely coextensive with
the possible mischief. For aught that we know
judgments may be rendered in those cases
against a party who has committed the acts,
whatever they may have been, under the au-
thority of the United States, without liis having
had an opportunity to make the application in
time according to the provisions of the fifth
section of the original act, and I10 may be pun-
ished, unless the ease can be "brought* 0 a court
of the United States^for the faithful discharge
of his duty to the United States; he may be
punished for having obeyed the order of a com-
manding officer up to the order of the Presi-
dent, which ho had no authority, or supposed
he had no authority, to refuse obedience to. It
seemed to me, therefore, to be just as proper
to give the power to remove a case into a court
of the United States after judgment as to give
the authority to remove it at any time antece-
dent to judgment, and that is all that is done
by one of the sections of this act.
The authority, therefore, to make such a pro-
vision, I submit, with great respect to those
wlio may entertain a different opinion, seems
to mc to be veiy clear. It assumes, as you are
obliged to assume in tlie particular case, that
tlie statutes of the United States already upon
your statute-book are valid laws; it assumes
that your officers, the President of the United
States and those acting in subordination to the
President of the United States, have done noth-
ing that the laws of the United States or the
Constitution of the United States will not pro-
tect them in. Assuming that, if the principle
be the one which I stated in the beginning of
these remarks as a principle necessary to the
existence of any Government, thai the judicial
power of the Government must be coextensive
with the legislative power of the Government,
it is fit and proper that when the validity of the
laws of the United States is questioned, or the
validity of any authority exerted under the
authority of the United States is questioned,
tlie courts of the United States should have
jurisdiction. That, 1 repeat, is all that is done
by the third section of this act.
Now, having the power to pass that section,
the iioxi question which presented itself to the
committee was, how is the party to be secured
in the benefit intended to be conferred upon
him by that section? He is sued, and judg-
ment is rendered against him. He has been
relying upon the Constitution of the United
Slates ; that reliance, so far as the State judi-
ciary is concerned, has proved unavailing. He
has been relying" upon a law of the United
States, or upon the authority of the President;
and the State court has decided that his reli-
ance fails him. Now, if wo have a right—and
that I will not argue again—notwithstanding
the judgment, to take the case from the State
court, and thereby arrest at once by displacing
for a time, or absolutely, the jurisdiction of the
State tribunal, the only question is. will \ou do
anything, and if you will 'do anything, what
wiil you do to render that right etiectual?
Then what have we done by the fourth ^sec-
tion Y We have said that if, after an applica-
tion is made to remove a case instituted in a
State court, in which it is attempted to make
responsible an individual for an act done un-
der the authority of the President of the Uni-
ted States, the State court thinks proper, not-
withstanding that removal, or that right to haye
a removal upon the part of the defendant, to
execute the judgment; somebody is to be pun-
ished. The only question is to what extent
will you carry the punishment, orrather, whom
will you embrace in the class of persons who
