1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3981
Mr. KASSON. I desire to state that Mr.
Darling has been called away by sickness; if
he were present he would vote "ay."
Mr. HULBUKD. My colleague, Mr. Gris-
wold, is absent. If he were present he would
have voted "ay," as he would have done at
any time this session.
Mr. COBB. My colleague, Mr. Sloan, is
paired with Mr. Harris, but would vote "ay"
if he were here.
Mr. NEWELL. I desire to state that Mr.
Marvin is absent by leave of the House. If he
were present lie would vote " ay."
Mr. DAWES. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Baldwin, has been compelled to
leave the city on account of sickness.
Mr. MOULTON. I desire to say that two
of my colleagues, Messrs. Cook and Cullom,
are absent by leave of the House. If present
they would vote " ay."
Mr. MARSHALL. I am in favor of the
admission as members of this House of all per-
sons duly qualified, and who can take the oath
prescribed by law. But I am opposed to the
preamble of this resolution, and therefore I do
not vote.
Mr. DEMING. My colleague, Mr. Brak-
degee, is detained at home by indisposition.
If present he would vote "ay."
Mr. RADFORD. My colleague, Mr. Wiir-
field, is detained at home by sickness. If he
were present he would vote " ay."
Mr. EGG-LESTON. I desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. Hates, is absent on account
of sickness. If he were here he would vote for
this resolution.
Mr. BROOMALL. On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from Michigan, Mr.
Loxgteak, who left the city yesterday. If he
were here he would vote for the resolution.
I, if I believed what is stated in the preamble,
would vote in the affirmative ; but as I do not,
I would vote "no."
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to announce that my
colleagues, Mr. Hale and Mr. Dodge, are ab-
sent. If they were present they would vote
" ay."
Mr. ELIOT. The gentlemanfrom New York,
Mr. Pomeuoy, Who is absent, would, if he were
here, vote in the affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. My col-
league, Mr. Stilwell, is paired generally with
a member who ®n this question has voted in
the affirmative. I desire to state that if Mr.
Stilwell were here he would also vote "ay."
Mr. HOTCIIKISS. I desire to state that
my colleague, Mr. Hubbard, is absent on ac-
count of sickness. If present, he would vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. My colleague,
Mr. Grinnell, is absent on important business,
If he were here, he would vote "ay."
Mr. ORTH. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Dujiont, is detained from the
House by sickness.
When the callof the rollhadbeen concluded,
The SPEAKER, directing the Clerk to call
his name, voted "ay."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated, and was rcccived with demon-
strations of applause on the floor and in the
galleries.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
iiahriet w. tond.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, submitted, by unan-
imous consent, an adverse report on the claim
of Mrs. Harriet W. Pond ; which was laid on
the table.
ee^coration 01? insurrectionary states.
Mr. STEVENS. I report, from the joint
committee on reconstruction, for considera-
tion at the present time, a bill to provide for
restoring to the States lately in insurrection
their full political rights.
The bill was read a first and second time;
and the question was on ordering it to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read at length, as follows:
Whereas it is expedient that the States lately in
insurrection should, at the earliest day consistent
with the future peace and safety of the Union, be
restored to full participation in all political rights;
and whereas the Congress did, by joint resolution,
propose for ratification to the Legislatures of the
several States, as an amendment to the Constitution
of tho United States, an article in the following
words, to wit:
" Article XIV.
' Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in th6
United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof,
are citizens of the United States and of the State
wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridgo tho privileges or immu-
nities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any
State deprive any person ol life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law, nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the egual protection of the
laws.
"Sec. 2. Representatives snail be apportioned
among the several States according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting the whole number of persons
in each State, excluding Indians not taxed. But
when the right to vote at any election for tho choice
of electors for President and Vice President of the
United States, Representatives in Congress, tho ex-
ecutive and judicial officers of a State, or the mem-
bers of the Legislature thereof, is denied to any of
the male inhabitants of such State, beingtwenty-one
years of age, and citizens of the United States, or in
any way abridged, except for participation in rebel-
lion orotliereriine, the basis of representation therein
shall be reduced in the proportion which the num-
ber of such male citizens shall boar to tho whole
number of male citizens twenty-ono years of ago in
such State.
" Sec. 3. No person shall bo a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States, or under any State, who having
previously taken an oath as a member of Congress,
or as an officer of tho United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in insur-
rection or rebellion against the same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may,
by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove such
disability.
"Sec. 4. The validity of the public debt of tho
United States, authorized by law, including debts
incurred tor payment of pensions and bounties tor
services In suppressing insurrection or rebellion shall
not be questioned. But neither tho United States
nor any State shall assume or pay any debt or obli-
gation incuned in aid of insuirection or rebellion
against tho United States, or any claim for the loss
or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts,
obligations, and claims shall bo held illegal and
void.
"Sec. 5. That Congress shall have power to en-
force, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of
this article."
Now, therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America, in Congress assem-
bled, That whenever the above-rccitcd amendment
shall have boconie a part of the Constitution of tho
United States, and any State lately in insurrection
shall have ratified the same, and shall have modified
its constitution and laws m conformity therewith,
the Senators and Representatives from such State,if
found duly elected and qualilied, may, after having
taken the required oaths of office, be admitted into
Congress as such.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when any
State lately in insurrection shall have ratilicd the
foregoing amendment to tho Constitution, any part
of the direct tax under the act of August 5,1801, which
may remain due and unpaid in such State, may be
assumed and paid by such State; and tho payment
thereof, upon proper assurances from such State to
bo given to the Secretary of tho Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, may be postponed for a period notexcoed-
ing ton years from and after the passage of this act.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman has
had his day. [Laughter. ]
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope the gentleman does
not intend to put this on its passage when it has
not been printed and we have not had any
opportunity to examine it.
Mr. STEVENS. I insist on the demand for
the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
42, noes 51.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevens and
Mr. Strouse were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 41, noes 60.
So the House reliised to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. BIN GH AM submitted the following sub-
stitute for the first section:
That whenever any State lately ininsurreetion shall
have ratified in good faith the above-recited amend-
ment, and shall have modified its constitution and
laws in conformity therewith and with the other pro-
visions of tho Constitution of the United States, the
Senators and Representatives from such Btate, if
found duly elected and qualified, shall, after having
taken the oaths of office required by law, be admitted
into Congress as such.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man to let me move the following amendment:
Strike out all after tho enacting clause in the first
section of the bill and insert the following:
That whenever the above-recited amendment shall
havo become part of tho Constitution of the United
States, and anyStatelatolyininsurreotionshallhave
ratified the same, and shall havo modified its consti-
tution and laws in conformity therewith, tho Sen-
ators and Representatives from such State, if found
duly elected and qualified, may, after having taken
the required oaths of office, bo admitted into Con-
gress as such: Provided, That if any State, after
ratifying said amendment and conforming its consti-
tution and laws therewith, shall establish an equal
and just system of suffrage for all male citizens within
its jurisdiction who are not loss than twenty-one
years of age, the Senators and Representatives from
such State shall be admitted as aforesaid without
being required to await the action of other States on-
said amendment: And provided further. That noth-
ing in this section contained shall be so construed as
to require the disfranchisement of any loyal person
who is now entitled to vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. I decline to yield for that
purpose. I demand the previous question.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the resolution
and the amendment bo laid upon the table;
and on that motion I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays S5, not vot-
ing 4G ; as follows :
■ YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ancona, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Bidwell, Boutwell,
Boyor, Broomall, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb,
Conkling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Dcfrees, Delano,
Doming. Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Fariiuhar,
Rnck, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Aaron Harding, Hig-
by, llogan, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester V.
Hubbard, James It. Itubbell, Humphrey, Jcnckes,
Johnson, Julian, Kasson, Kelley,Ketcham, Kuyken-
dall, Latham, George V.Lawrence, Le Blond.Lynch,
Marshall, Marston, McCullough, Mclluer, Mercur,
Miller, Moorhcad, Morrill, Morris, is" ewell, Niblack,
Nicholson, Noell, Orth, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Rad-
ford. Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander IX. Rice, John II. Rice, Hitter, Rog-
ers, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Schenek. Sco-
field, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Stevens, Strouse. Taber,
Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas. Thornton,
Trimble. Trowbridge, Van Aornam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Henry D. Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whaley, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Delos R. Ashley, Baxter,
Beniamin, Bingham, Bromwell, Buckland, Sidney
Clarke, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley. Bggleston, Ferry,
Aimer C. Harding, Asahel W. Hubbard, J oh n II. Hub-
bard, Ilulburd, Ingersoll, Koontz, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Loan, Moulton, Myers. O'Neill, Paine,
Perham, Price, Shollabarger, Spalding, Wentworth,
Williams, James P. Wilson, Stephen lr. Wilson, and
Windom—35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin. Barker. Beaman,
Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Ch anler. Cook, C ul-
lom, Culver, Darling, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Du-
mont, Goodyear, Grider, Grinncll. Griswold, Hale,
Harris. Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Deinas Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jones, Kelso, Kerr, Long-
vear, Marvin, McClurg, Mcludoe, McKee, Patteison,
Pomeroy, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell. Thayer, Up-
son, Elihu B. Washburne, and Winfield—46.
So the resolution and amendment were laid
upon the table.
Mr. KELLEY moved to reconsider the vote
just taken: and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment 03? congress.
Mr. STEVENS. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when Con-
gress adjourns on the — day of , instant, it will
adjourn to meet again on Satuiday the 1st day ol
December next, unless sooner convened bv the .1 res-
idertt or by tho joint cull of the Prc^idm? Officers ox
both Houses, who are hereby authorized to exereiso
that power in case of emergency.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated yester-
day that he would submit to the^ House tlie
question whether this was a question of priv-
■ ilege7 under the rule authorising Iiim to do so.
