3982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 20,
The Chair is confirmed in the correctn ess of his
conclusion yesterday that the resolution is in
order as a question of privilege. Bat it is a
very delicate question for him to settle on his
own decision, in view of the increased duties
and grave responsibilities that may devolve
on the Presiding Officers of the two Houses.
Hetherefore submits the question to the House.
Mr. JENCKES. Is it in order to lay the
resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is not yet before the
House.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it debatable ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand the first ques-
tion is the question of order. I do not care to
debate it, and unless some one else does I will
call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
applies to questions of privilege as well as to
all others.
Mr. FINCK. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield ?
Mr. STEVENS. I intend to allow debate
after the previous question is seconded.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
would cut off all debate and bring the House
to a direct vote upon the question precisely as
the Speaker is required to decide it.
_ Mr. STEVENS. Then I withdraw the pre-
vious question, and will hear what the gentle-
man has to say.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to sub-
mit one or two considerations on this question
of privilege. This resolution contemplates
granting power to the Presiding Officers of
the House and of the Senate, which is not pro-
vided for in the Constitution; a power which
we have no authority under the Constitution
to grant to those Presiding Officers. The first
article of the Constitution, section four, pro-
vides that—
"The Congress shall assemble at least once in every
year, and such meeting shall be on the first Monday
in Deeombor, unless they shall by law appoint a dif-
ferent day."
Now, I do not deny the power of Congress,
by joint resolution, to take a recess; but I
deny the right of Congress under the Constitu-
tion, either by a resolution or by law, to vest
in the Presiding Officers of the two Houses the
right to convene Congress at any time. That
is a power which is vested in the Executive
exclusively. In reference to the powers of the
President, in article two, section three, of the
Constitution, it is provided that—■
"He shall from time to time Rive to theCongress in-
formation of tho state of the Union and recommend
to their consideration suchmeasuresasheshall judge
necessary and expedient; he may, on extraordinary
occasions, convene^ both Houses, or either of them;
and in case of disagreement between them with
respect to the time of adjournment, lie mav adjourn
them to such time as he shall think proper."
Now, Mr. Speaker, this is exclusively an
executive power. If you can, by a resolution
or by a law, vest the authority in Congress or
in the Presiding Officers of Congress to call an
extra session, then you can strip from the Ex-
ecutive the authority which is vested in him by
the Constitution to convene Congress on ex-
traordinary occasions. There is no doubt of
the right in Congress to fix the time when it
shall assemble. It may by law adjourn till a
certain day or take a recess to>a certain day ;
but in the intermediate time there is no power
to convene it again except that which is vested
in the Executive by the Constitution, and you
cannot by law or joint resolution take that
power from the Executive.
Mr. DELANO. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. A question of order is
now pending, and it is very difficult to make
another one.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. When the Chair submits
a question of privilege to the House, are not
the questions arising out of it proper subjects
for the House to determine ? The Speaker now
undertakes to determine this as a question of
order, and yet he has submitted a question of
privilege to the House.
The SPEAKER. To what decision does the
gentleman allude?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The question raised by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] or
which may be raised.
The SPEAKER. As there is a question
already pending before the House, submitted
by the Chair to the House, it will be very dif-
ficult for him to take another point of order.
Mr. DELANO. After the pending question
is disposed of, will it then be in order to make
another question ?
_ The SPEAKER. If the previous question
is seconded the House will then vote upon the
question of privilege, and if it is decided in
the affirmative it will be before the House.
Mr. DELANO. That will not prevent an-
other point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
what that point is.
Mr. DELANO. I should be glad to state
it. It is this : by a resolution already passed
the House has declared its purpose to adjourn
on the 25th of July, and a motion to reconsider
that resolution was laid on the table. So the
House has exhausted its power on that resolu-
tion. It is now proposed, I believe, to over-
ride that resolution entirely an dtp provide for a
recess, while the former resolution providing
for an adjournment is pending in the other
branch of Congress. It is proposed that thisi
House shall virtually repeal it by passing a
resolution that it will not adjourn at all, but will
take a recess. I submit whether this propo-
sition is in order. This is a proposition to
take a recess when the House does adjourn.
It repeals and overrides the resolution to ad-
journ.
Mr. STEVENS. I answer that by simply
saying that nothing is more common than for
this House after voting upon a resolution to
adjourn and sending it to the Senate to alter
even its own action upon it.
Mr. DELANO. I do not doubt $.at the
gentleman can offer a resolution to rescind,
but that is not it.
Mr. STEVENS. This does not propose to
rescind, but that on whatever day we do ad-
journ, even according to the former resolution,
we shall adjourn from that day to another.
Mr. DELANO. The resolution which the
House has passed was to adjourn, but this
which the gentleman offers is not to adjourn,
but that when we separate we separate under
an agreement to take a recess.
Mr. STEVENS. My resolution is to adjourn
from a given day to a given day.
The SPEAKER. If the pending question
should be decided to be a question of privilege
the Chair would decide the point. But he will
overrule it in advace. The House some time
since adopted a resolution to adjourn till some
blank Thursday in May, and sent it to the Sen-
ate. That is a subject for the action of the
Senate to be amended and sent back with a
different day fixed. If, therefore, in conse-
quence of having adopted a resolution to ad-
journ on Wednesday, the 2otli of July, the
House should be precluded from sending an-
other resolution fixing another day/or adjourn-
ment, then the resolution introduced the other
day to adjourn was out of order, because there
was a previous resolution pending before the
Senate for consideration and amendment.
And the Chair will state that the ruling has
always been that these motions in regard to
adjournment may be renewed without rescind-
ing previous resolutions. The House can send
a resolution to the Senate, and if it is not acted
upon they can send another. It is exactly like
a motion to adjourn over from Thursday or
Friday till Monday, which can be received
after other business intervenes. A motion to
reconsider and lay on the table does not pre-
vent it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does not this go to the
Committee of Ways and Means?
Mr._ DELANO. I would inquire whether
there is not a material difference in the cases.
There the Senate have not the House resolu-
tion trader consideration, here they have. It
has been transmitted to that body and they have
acted upon it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of May
was sent to them and the resolution of July,
so that they have now two resolutions before
them.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would inquire whether
the question of adjournment is any part of the
point of order.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. GARFIELD. But really the question
is as to giving the Presiding Officers the power
to call Congress together. That will narrow
down the debate, if the House understands it.
Mr. ORTH. I am decidedly in favor of this
resolution. Itis apparent to ever member upon
this floor, as well as to those whom we have the
honor to represent, that the duties and respon-
sibilities devolving upon the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress are of a character and a magnitude equal,
ay, superior, to any that ever before devolved
upon any other Congress in American history.
We are just emerging from a rebellion that
has left the social and political fabric of the
Government in a most chaotic state. This
Congress has been in session for eight long
months, and my own individual conviction is
that it ought not to adjourn until the next 4th
of March, the time fixed by the Constitution
for its close. In this I may differ from some
of the members upon this floor. I hold this,
however, that under the circumstances which
now surround us, so portentous that every re-
flecting mind can see and feel and appreciate
them, we ought not to think of an adjourn-
ment without holding in our own hands the
power of reassembling ourselves whenever any
sudden emergency or any great public occasion
may require.
Now, as to the power of this Congress to take
a recess and provide for the termination of that
recess by a call of the Presiding Officers of the
two Houses, I have not a particle of doubt.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Fixes] says
that by this proposed action we would deprive
the President of the United States of his con-
stitutional right to convene Congress upon ex-
traordinary occasions. Not at all. No such
thingis contemplated by the resolution ; no such
thing could be done by this Congress. The
power of the President, as fixed by the Con-
stitution, we cannot, if we desired, change
by our action. And furthermore the resolu-
tion offered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] expressly provides—in
which respect I regard it as supererogatory—
that the President of the United States, as well
as the Presiding Officers of the two Houses of
Congress, may in his discretion, whenever the
emergency shall arise, convene this Congress
at some time preceding the first Saturday of
December next. The whole question of ad-
journment belongs to Congress, subject to the
limitations prescribed by the Constitution of
the United States. This question is presented
in three different aspects:
First, Congress has the power to adjourn sine
die at any time during its session by a concur-
rent vote of the two Houses; and that adjourn-
ment is to the time fixed by law for the com-
mencement of the next session, subject only to
the constitutional provision which authorizes
the President to convene Congress on extraor-
dinary occasions; and also the further provis-
ion of the Constitution, that Congress shall meet
at least once in each year. Subject to those
two provisions of the Constitution, the absolute
power of adjournment 6-Mze die rests in Congress,
and in Congress alone, and is to be exercised
without the approval or sanction of the Presi-
dent. And in that connection I will refer me ru-
bers of this House to the third section of the
second article of the Constitution. "
Mr.^ ROSS. I would like to ask the gentle-
man if he has any objection to leaving the
question of the meeting of Congress to the
President, in whose hands it was placed by the
Constitution.
Mr. ORTH. I prefer to keep it in our own
