THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
December 13,
animals that may be now on the passage and
almost ready to land. I know of some such
myself. They gave these orders under the law
as it then existed, as they had the right to do.
Now we come in and say that they shall not
land them; the cattle shall not' be received.
It occurs to me that this law should not go into
effect under thirty or sixty days, so as to give
parties engaged in this business a little notice.
, I would suggest" some amendment of thatkind.
I know that the Senator from Massachusetts
has a largo constituency engaged in this work,
and that they are now about to land a large
amount of cattle. It would be a great hard-
ship to thom for Congress to come in and pass
a law prohibiting the importation, just as they
were about, to receive their cattle. I think
there ought to be some notice given, thirty or
sixty days.
Mr. CLARK. I inquire of the Senator from
Kansas if it would not be a greater hardship
to have those cattle come in if they be dis-
eased.
Mr."POMEROY. That might be, but wo
have no evidence that any disease has come to
this country; of late I mean. There was a
disease brought here some years ago I know,
but during the last four or five years there has
been no disease that I know of introduced.
Mr. CLARK. Very true, we have no evi-
dence that they are diseased or will be dis-
eased, but it is the risk that they may be dis-
eased that we want to avoid.
Mr. POMEROY. You might as well pass a
law that nobody shall come here because ho
may bring cholera. You might as well pass an
act lliat no immigrants shall come to this coun-
try and no vessels.
Mr. C LARK. We put them in quarantine.
Mr. POMEROY. Then provide in this bill
that there shall be an inspection of the cattle
that shall arrive, during the next thirty days, if
you please.
Mr. SHERMAN. The necessity of this bill
is founded on facts of general notoriety. It is
well known that in England and in Germany
the cattle disease is prevailing to an alarming
extent, destroying whole flocks and herds, and
immense quantities of valuable property. This
is a mere temporary measure intended to guard
against the spread of the disease in the United
States. The measure has been called for by
the agricultural societies from almost every
State in the Union. Perhaps the Senator from
Massachusetts will remember that a few years
ago the importation of a single cow into that
State destroyed a very large amount of prop-
erty. There is no way by which we can estab-
lish a quarantine of cattle; it would be idle to
undertake a system of quarantine; and this
measure has been devised merely for the pur-
pose of guarding against an immediate danger.
It is tempoiary in its character. As soon as
the danger passes away, proclamation will be
made by the President, and the regulations
provided for by this act will cease.
The bill was passed, after some little consid-
eration, in the House of Representatives, unan-
imously, and I trust it will be passed here. If
it is passed at all, it ought to bo passed im-
mediately and to take effect immediately. To
give a notice of sixty days or even thirty days,
to allow cattle now on the way to arrive here,
might probably bo more just to the importer,
but it might endanger the property oftbousands
and millions of our own citizens. It is bettor
that the importers shall suffer a little hardship
and reexport the cattle if on the way. I do not
think there is any serious difficulty in the way,
nor that any serious injury will be done by the
passage of the bill as it is.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio if he has considered whether
this bill during the two coming weeks may not
interfere with the reciprocity treaty ?
Mr. SHERMAN. That has been consid-
ered : the objection was made in the House of
Representatives. I do not think the reci-
procity treaty prevents as trom excluding the
importation of any article. The reciprocity
treaty merely provides that certain articles of I
commerce imported from Canada to this coun-
try shall be relieved from the duty that would
be imposed if they were imported from some
other country. That is the effect of the treaty.
It is supposed that this does not interfere with
the treaty ; but if it does, the second clause of
the first section authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to make such regulations as will ob-
viate any difficulty of that kind. I do not
think it is an infraction of the treaty to pro-
hibit the importation of cattle as a mere sani-
tary measure, because the meaning of the
treaty is simply to give certain articles, the
products of Canada, the privilege of being
imported free of duty; and that does not
prevent the Government of the United States
from prohibiting the importation of a particu-
lar article entirely for sanitary or other pur-
poses.
Mr. SUMNER. I will simply observe to
the Senator from Ohio that if the difficulty to
which I referred arising out of the treaty has
been anticipated, as seems to bo the case, I
have nothing further to say. I had proposed
to suggest the insertion of these words after
the prohibitory words in the first section: "so
far as the same can bo done without violating
treaty stipulations with any foreign Power;"
but the Senator calls the attention of the Sen-
ate to the second clause of the first section
which seems to give to the Secretary of the
Treasury sufficient power to Teach this diffi-
culty. It is with that understanding, therefore,
that I shall not press the point any further.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
BILLS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the bill (S.
No. 2) to preserve the right of (rial by jury by
securing impartial jurors in the courts of the
United States, and the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 1) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, wore severally
taken from the table, read a second time by
their titles, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the bill (S.
No. 11) to restore Lieutenant Joseph Eylfe to
his grade in active service in the Navy, was
taken from the table, read the second lime by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
OFFICERS PAID ILLEGALLY.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to
take up the resolution on the table to which the
Senator front Maryland objected the other day,
that we may make an amendment in it, accord-
ing to his suggestion, and pass it,
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
resolution:
Whereas it is provided by act of Congress that every
ix-iton, in the civil, military, or naval departments of
the public service, excepting the President of the
united States, sholl, before enterim upon the duties
of Ins office, and before being entitled to any of the
salary or other emoluments thcicof, take and sub-
scribe a certain oatli in prescribed form, and it is iur-
tlier provided in another act ol'Congress (February 9,
ISO,), chapter twenty-live, section two) that "no money
shall be paid fiom the Treasury of the United States
to any person acting1 as on officer, civil, military, or
naval, as salary in any office, which office is not au-
tnorizedby some previously existing law, unless where
such omeo shall be subsequently sanctioned by law;"
and witcreas it isrepoited that,notwithstanding?these
acts of Consress, certain persons have been allowed
to enter upon the duties of olhce and to receive the
salary_ and emoluments thereof, without taking the
prescribed oath, and certain other persons have been
appointed to offices "not authorized by any previously
existing law:" Therefore,
Haolccd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested, w far as the records of his Department all ow,
to furnish to the Senate the names of any persons who
nave been permitted to enter upon the duties of ofiiee,
and to receive the salary and emoluments thereof,
w ithout taking the o_ath prescribed by Congress; also,
the titles of such offices, with an account of the sal-
ary and emoluments thereof, and out of what fund
the same hare been paid: also, the names of any per-
I sons who have been appointed to any ollice "not f(U-
| thonzcrt by some pre* lously existing law," and if tho
| same ra\e received any salary, what it was, and out
01 what umd if 11,1s been paid.
The pending question was 011 the amendment
of Mr. Jomsox to strike outthe preambleand
also all of the resolution after the world "re-
solved," and to insert the following in lieu
thereof:
That the Secretary of thcTreasury be request ed to in-
form the Senate whether there aie any persons in the
civil, military, or naval servico of the United States,
except the President of tho United States, who are dis-
charging the respective duties of such office?, and who
are receiving the pay and emoluments thereof, with-
out having complied with the*provisions of the acts
of Congress of February 0,1863, chapter twenty-five,
section two, and if there he, that ho state his reasons
forthesame; and also whether there be any persons
appointed to any offices "not authorized by some
previously existing law,1' and receiving salary, and
if so, what it was, and out of what fund it lias been
paid, and the reasons for the same.
Mr. SUMNER. I propose to strike out all
of the resolution after the word '''resolved''
and insert what I send to the Chair, which em-
bodies completely the idea of the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts may alter tho resolution as he pro-
poses. I have seen that alteration and it meets
the objection that I had to the original resolu-
tion. T thei-efore withdraw, with the permis-
sion of the Senate, the amendment thaf I pro-
posed the other day.
The PllESIDENT^rofewpore. Theamend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Maryland
is withdrawn, and the following modification of
the resolution is offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts: to strike out all after the word"
''resolved" and insert what will be read.
The ^Secretary read, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secre-
tary of War be requested, so far as the records of their
respective Departments allow, to infoim the Senate
whether any persons have been permitted to enter
upon the duties of office and to receive the salary and *
emoluments thereof, without taking the oath pre-
scribed by Congress; or, if they have taken it. adding
thereto explanation*; and also, whether persons have
been appointed to any office "not authorizedbysorno
previously existing lav/;" and if any persons have
been so permitted or appointed, then to report if the
same have received any salary or emoluments, and
what they were, and put of what fund they have been
paid, with the reasons for such pcr.mis.don or appoint-
ment; and also the explanation', if any, assigned by
such parties at the time of taking such prescribed
oath.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
MESSAGE FKOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Olerl c, announced
that, the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 20) requesting the President to sus-
pend any order mustering out. the officers of the
Veteran Reserve corps until Congress shall take
Some legislative action in regard to the corps;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
Tho message further announced that the
House of Representatives had concurred in the
amendment of the Senate to the resolution of
the House for a joint committee to inquire into
tho condition of the States which formed the
so-called confederate States of America.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of tho House of Representatives had
appointed the committee on the'part of the
House, under the resolution for a joint com-
mittee to consider and report by what token
of respect it may be proper for Congress to
! express the sensibility of the nation oil the death
' of the late President, Abraham Lincoln, as
follows:
Eliiiu B. Wasiibuexe of Illinois, James (>.
Blaine of Maine, James W. PATrausox of New
Hampshire, Justin S. Morrill of Veimont,
N. P. Baxks of .Massachusetts, Thomas A.
Jexckes of Rhode island, IIexiiy C. Deming
of Connecticut, Joiix A. Griswold of New
York, E. R. V. Wkigiit of New Jersey. Thad-
deus Stevexs of Pennsylvania, J. A. Nichol-
son" of Delaware, Fraxcis Thomas of Mary-
land, Robert V. Sciiexoe of Ohio, G. S.
Siiaxklix" of Kentucky, Goiilove S. Orth of
Indiana, J. V. MeCi.rRG of Missouri. F. C.
Beamax of Michigan, J. A. Kassox of Iowa,
I. 0. Sloax of .Wisconsin, William Hioby of
California, William Wisdom of Minnesota,
James II. D. IIex-okrsox of Oregon, Sidney
Clarke of Kansas, and Kklman V Whaley
of West Virginia.
