1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
10th page of the bill, -that in case this road
passes through a mineral section, other lands,
agricultural lands in lieu of the mineral lands,
are to be selected. I think that is a new feat-
ure. We have not inserted such a provision
in any of the other land-grant bills.
Mr. BROWN. Tife Senator is mistaken,
about that. It is the same provision that was
contained in a bill at the last session of Con-
' gress in regard to the Northern Pacific railroad.
. Mr. POMEROY. It may possibly have been
done in regard to that road.
Mr. BROWN. -This is identical in language
■with that bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. At the request of
the delegation from the Chickasaws and Cher-
okees, who reside in and own the greater por-
tion of what is known as the Indian Territory,
I call the attention of the Senate to -one feature
of this billr The title of the Indian country is
in five tribes, and we are under treaty obliga-
tions not to enter upon them without their con-
sent. They are strenuously opposed, and pro-
test against selling any portion of their country
for white settlement. This railroad will run
through the entire length, I believe, of the In-
dian Territory. The second section of this bill
contains the following provision:
That the United States shall extinguish, as rapidly
as may be consistent with public policy and tlio wel-
fare of the said Indians, tho Indian title to all lands
falling under the operation of this act, and acquired
in the donation to the road named m the bill.
For them, and in their name, and in behalf
of the Government, I desire to have that clause
stricken out, a clause compelling the Govern-
ment to extinguish the Indian title so far as the
Indian Territory is concerned. We are under
the most solemn treaty stipulations not in any-
wise to intrude upon them. The title to the
land is in them, and'they are strenuously oppo-
eing any sale of their laud for white settlement.
They have suggested, in the treaties they are
now making, that if a railroad is to be made
• through that country, each tribe having a sep-
arate government, the sale of the lands by the
Government or by the railroad company shall
bo to some member of their tribes and not to
•white men.
It may be well for mo to state that there is
now pending before the Committee on Terri-
tories a bill i'or the organization o£ this Indian''
country, haying in view the building up of an
Indian Territory, excluding all white men there-
from. This bill if it passes will destroy the
theory of that bill, and will expose these Indian
tribes to the same encroachments and the same
fata that has overtaken them and other Indian
tribes before. I have not the treaties with those
tribes before me, but the IVesidctitprotow/weof
the Senate laid those treaties before this body at
the last-session. They are of the most solemn
character. We have agreed that there shall
be no government, extended over them without
their consent; that there shall be no encroach-
ments upon them; and now I submit to the
Senator from Missouri as well as to other Sen-
ators whether it is expedient for the Govern-
ment to hind themselves to extinguish the Indian
title within that Territory, which will open up
that,country, as Ihave before remarked, to white
settlement and drive off the Indians as they
have heretofore been driven otf.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know that there is
any thins in this bill that will bind the Govern-
ment of the United States to take any action
that, would conflict with its treaty obligations.
I do not suppose that there is. I do not sup-
pose that wc could hind the Government to do
so. If there are any obligations of that sort,
of course they will control the action of the
Government., and this clause will not interfere
with it. If there are not, [ see no objection to
the clause. I do not participate in the view
that the Senator seems to have, that that coun-
try should be kept exclusively for Indian tribes
any further than we are obligated to do so now.
Mr, LAKE, of Kansas. What T have said
has been at the request of the delegation of
Chickasaw and Cherokee Indians who are now
in the Marble Room.
. Mr. BROWN. This is the same clause that
has been put in all these railroad bills in regard
to extinguishing Indian- titles.' It does .not dif-
fer from them in any respect.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas.' We have hereto-
fore agreed to extinguish a possessory title that
the Indians have; but here is a, legal title.
The lands are patented to them. I now "have
the treaties before me. Every Senator on this
floor is aware of those stipulations. They are
of the most solemn character that we will not
encroach upon them, that we will not intrude
upon them without their consent; "and yet this
bill proposes to compel the United States to
extinguish their title. To be sure, there is a
clause that it shall be extinguished " as rap-
idly as may bo consistent with public policy
and the welfare of the said Indians;" but if
this bill passes we agree to extinguish that In-
dian title, which is an agreement on our part
to destroy and trample under foot the most
solemn treaty stipulations that we have with
these Indian tribes.
. Mr. BROWN. On the contrary, the language
of the clause expressly prohibits that thing. It
says that the Indian title is to be extinguished
as far as is cdnsistent with the policy of the
Government.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. "The United States
shall extinguish, as rapidly as may be consist-
ent with public policy and the welfare of the
said Indians, the Indian title to all lands falling
under the operation-of this act, and acquired in
the donation to the road named in the bill."
It seems to mo that that is just the same as if
the Government were to agree to extinguish
the title to my land or to your land. We have
never engaged to do any such thing heretofore.
We have agreed to extinguish a possessory title,
but not where the title is in fee as in this case.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to he informed
whether or not this road is to run through the
Cherokee, Choctaw, and Chickasaw lands?
Mx-. LANE, of Kansas. Their entire lands.
Mr. GRIMES. By the provisions of this bill,
if it should be enacted into a law, will' this
company acquire a title to land belonging to
these Indians ? •
Mr. Lane, of Kansas. They acquire alter-
nate sections, just as has been granted hereto-
fore in these bills.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, no, not the alternate
sections ; nothing but the right of way, under
this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The third section
of the bill provides:
That there bo, and hereby is, granted to tho ("South-
ern) Atlantic and Paeitie ltailroad Company, Hssuc-
eessorsand as.nKns, for tho purposo of aiding in tlio
construction of said railroad and telcsrraph line to
the Pacific coast, and to secure the sai'o and speedy
transportation of tho mails, troops, munitions of war,
and public stores, over thoTouto.of said lino of rail-
way and its branches, every altornato section of pub-
lic, land, not mineral, designated by odd numbers, to
tho amount, of twenty alternate sections per mile, on
each .side of said railroad line, as said company imi.y
adopt.
Then there is the other clause that I have
road making it 
Mr. BROWN. The Senator understands that
that does not refer to Indian land, the title to
which is not in the United Sfatcs.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But here is a clause
at the end of' the second section that compels
the Government to extinguish the Indian title
along the line of this road.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I understand that the
idea of the Senator from Kansas is, that when
the Government shall extinguish these titles,
that title is to inure to the benefit of this
company.
Mr. LANIi, of Kansas. Certainly; and it
is peremptory on the Government, to extinguish
tjie Indian titles just as was provided in the
bills that were passed for railroads in the State
of Iowa.
If the Senator from Missouri desires these
treaties to he read again, (as they have been
read in the Senate,) I have them here and can
read them. I repeat^ .they are of the most
solemn, peremptory, and emphatic character,
that we will not intrude upon nor encroach upon
these Indians. I am as aftxious' to have this
road aS the Senator from Missouri; but I sug-
gest to him whether, inasmuch as.we are trying
to get up a government for these Indians, in
jorder that everything may be consistent, it
would not be as well to refer this bill to the Com-
mittee on Territories, which now have before
them a bill for the organization of a territorial
government for these Indians, so that the two
bills maybe made to harmonize. The Indians
would have no objection to this railroad, pro-
vided the grant is made through their govern-
ments.
I desirg to say to the Senator from Iowa and
to the othor Senators that the Chickasaw gov-
ernment (and a delegation of them are now in
the city) has already granted a charter for a
railroad company through their nation. They
claim the same jurisdiction over their territory
that Missouri or Iowa does over its territory.
The question-, I submit, in their name and for
them is, that we ought not to compel the Gov-
ernment to extinguish the title in their country
if the title when extinguished is to go into the
hands of white settlers.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest to the Senator if
that is his object, I do not think the clause
bears the construction which he puts upon it.
He may strike out the word '' welfare,'' and
insert tho word "assent."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will suggest to the
Senator from Missouri that what these Indian
tribes.desire is, that they may make the grant.
The Chickasaw tribe of Indians, in making their
grant, reserved a bonus to their nation. What
they want of your company is, that instead of
obtaining the grant of land through the General
Government, they sllould get it through theni,
giving them a bonus. The Chickasaw Indians
reserved a bonus of two per cent, of the net -
profits of tho road to which they made a grant.
They want to go forward and aid this road, and
yem will have- no trouble in getting your land
grant from them.
Mr. SHERMAN. As it is probable that we
can kardly pass this bill before the morning
hour expires, I should like to take up a bill to
which 1 am sure there will be no objection.
Mr. BROWN. There is nothing to prevent
the passage of this bill now if this matter is
passed upon.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is to be no fur-
ther debate upon it, I shall not object; but I
should like to have the bill to which I refer
passed before tho regular order of the day
comes* up.
Mr. BROWN. I will move to insert in-'the
seventeenth line of the second section, after the
word "Indians," the words " and only by their
consent;" so that the clause will read :
Tho United States will extinguish, as rapidly as
may be consistent with public policy and the welfare
of tlio said Indians, and only by their consent, tho
Indian title to all lands falling under the operation
of this act and acquired in the donation to the road
named in the bilh m
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think it neces-
sary to make that amendment. It will not do
any good. . You cannot extinguish the Indian
title except by their consent. •
Mr. BROWN. I know that; but it brings
it within the objection that the Senator's col-
league has taken.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. While that may be
true, you may bind the Government to do it.
Mr. POMEROY. This does not bind tho
Government to do it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir, I sd un-
derstand it.
Mr. BROWN. I do not so understand it.
Mr. J OHNSON. I suggest to my friend from
Missouri that perhaps he had better let this sub-
ject go over until to-morrow. If there is any
doubt, whether, as the bill now stands, it would
interfere with the treaties, we ought to solve
that doubt very positively before proceeding
further.
Mr. BROWN. I do not see how there can
be any possible doubt, when the language of
the bill leaves it subject to the action of the
Government in the future exclusively.
