3022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
demonstrated that no nation on God's earth
would be fool enough to attack us.
And if they do not attack us, shall wo go
and attack them? And if neither attack the
other, how is war coming? They will soon
see a specimen of our iron-clads in European
waters. No doubt they will examine the Mi-
antonomoh with the most intelligent curiosity.
It will by no means increase their desire to
commence the attack. Iier presence in the
English Channel will be worth more to us than
all Admiral Goldsborougli's, and a large num-
ber of Mr. Scwai-d's dispatches thrown in. If I
am right in these views, what, then, do you
want of your groat iron-clad navy-yard ? What
are you to have for it to do?
Mr. WRIGHT. I would like to ask the
gentleman a single question: whether this bill
says a single word about an iron-clad navy-
yard ?
Mr. PIKE. Not a single word ; if there was
I would not vote for it. 1 lie bill is simply in
its effect a transfer of the navy-yard from Phil-
adelphia three miles down the river to League
Island, not costing the Government a copper.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to allow me to offer a proviso which is
entirely acceptable to the committee.
Mr. PIKE. That can be done at any time.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. 1 object.
Mr. I5LD1UDGE. Will not the gentleman
allow it at least to be read !
Mr. BllANDEGEB. I will not object to its
being read for information.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing proviso as an amendment to the bill:
Provided, Thnt if Lenptuo Island be selected the
navy-yard at Philadelphia shrill bo dispensed with
and disposed uf by the United states as soon as the
public convenioneo will admit.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. 1 object to its being
offered.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
having been seconded, it requires unanimous
consent, to offer the amendment,.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will not insist on his objection. This does not
interfere with his proposition.
Mr. PIKE. I will say in relation to that
amendment, that there, is no need of it. As a
mutter ot' couise when we have possession of
League Island, and the movable articles of the
Navy at Philadelphia are transferred there, as
they may be very readily, there being little
that, is permanent there, no stone dock, noth-
ing but a suetional dock which is very easily
moved"; as soon as they are transferred there
of course the navy-yard at Philadelphia will
be disposed of.
it stands then, in brief, in this way : whether
or not, without disturbing the general navy-
yard arrangements of which [ have spoken,
we will sell the Philadelphia navy-yard and
receive for it, it is said, a million or a million
and a half of dollars, and accept in lieu of it
from the city of Philadelphia, as a free gift,
some six hundred aeres of land, which has
cost that city $1500,000, and with the money
received from the sale of the old yard at, Phil-
adelphia build as large or as small a yard on
League Island as maybe necessary, I have
no doubt forty aeres of land high above tide,
capable of as good use for a navy-yard as any
fortv aeres in this country, can "be produced
on League Island for a sum not exceeding one
hundred and fitly thousand dollars. I have sat-
isfied my mind that a v cry considerable less
sura would do it. We should then have forty
acres in place of twenty, and the remainder of
the island would be open for improvement.
Can there bo any doubt of the wisdom of the
bargain? There is no one single advantage
that the present yard lias over one established
at League Island; While at League Island,
aside from the immense space, great enough
for all the possibilities of the 'future, are the
numerous advantages which have already been
pointed out. In my judgment the Housewould
be exceedingly unwise to refuse this munificent
gift, and I cannot believe they will do it.
Mr. KBLLEY resumed the floor.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] a
question.
Mr. KELLEY. I must decline to yield any
further.
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate you and the
House upon the fact that the discussion draws
to a close—a discussion which, fond as I am of
the excitement of public debate, has not been
a pleasant one to me; and that, sir, because an
impression seems to have been created that the
question was a purely local one, and that the
city of Philadelphia had special interest in its
settlement; and again, sir, because the debate,
in some part,, has taken such a character as
could not command my admiration or that of
any man who believed that adherence to truth
graces discussion.
Sir, as I said when introducing the bill yes-
terday, the city of Philadelphia did not make
the tender of League Island to the Govern-
ment of its own motion. In offering it that
city responded to the call of the Government,
which, having sent a commission forth to re-
port the best site for its purposes, had been
advised that this was it, and advised by its
commission to purchase what is now offered as
a gift. The Government asked that its great
needs might be supplied, and Philadelphia
tendered as a gift tliatwhich it sought to pur-
chase. That is the relation of Philadelphia to
this question. In no other aspect is it a local
question.
I should not have engaged the attention of
the House again had the question at issue been
the question generally discussed by gentlemen.
Were we in quest of sites for new naval sta-
tions such a commission as is proposed would
be proper, lint gentlemen misstate the ques-
tion. The gentleman from New York, [Mr.
H.vymoni),] and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Si'AiJitiN'f;,] as well as the gentleman from the
Litchlield district of Connecticut, [Mr. llcn-
iiAtti),] each in turn, as others had done, have
said the question is whether a commission to bo
appointed shall examine but one site or several.
Sir, that is not the question before the House,
'j'he question is, will you accept a gift from the
city of Philadelphia which will enable you to
sell the little yard you have there and with the
proceeds prepare equal accommodations on
live times the level surface which it embraces,
and nearly one hundred times the water facili-
ties? That is the question. Or it may bo
rendered thus: you have thirty-odd iron or
other vessels laid up in a natural wet basin, from
which they may be ejected at any day, or you
subjected to a heavy rent; will you accept a
title to that basin so that they shall lie there
by virtue of your title to the property? Or
thus: you have twenty acres of land with a
wharfage insullicient to accommodate two ves-
sels end to end ; will you.accept a more favor-
able site, with wharfage to the extent of more
than live miles, on land of precisely the same
character of the twenty aeres you now occupy,
underlaid as it is at a depth of from twenty to
twenty-five feet by heavy boulders aud coarse
gravel?
_ In its simple form, Mr. Speaker, the ques-
tion is, will you accept as a gift that for the
want of which the country is suffering? And
before deciding that simple question, before
you will permit the Government to accept a
tavor for which it has been begging for more
than four years, before you will permit it to
become the owner of the wet basin in which
scores of its vessels now lie, it is proposed that
you shall send out a roving commission to in-
quire whether you can now or hereafter advan-
tageously establish naval stations at other points,
and if so at what points; and on the receipt of
the report of that commission at the next ses-
sion, or during the next Congress, to go through
the same controversy which wc are now going
through, and which the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress went through two years ago. Now, I ask
the gentlemen when they come to vote, to vote
directly upon tiie question at, issue, which is
whether the Government, while retaining or
selling its present navy-yard at Philadelphia,
may accept nine hundred acres of land, and
of land covered with water, known as League
Island and the back channel.
Sir, the story of Baron Munchausen is not
without value. With proper accompanying
suggestions it may safely be put into the hands
of childien. But I have never been able *o
regard it as an admirable model for congres-
sional statement and discussion, and I feel that
the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Biiax-
iiegee] made no slight mistake when ho mod-
eled his address of yesterday upon the exag-
gerations of that satirical story. Pie told the
House that we offered the Government three
hundred acres of mud. Sir, the Coast, Survey
speaks voraciously; and here [pointing to ?,
survey] is its report from the coast survey of
the nature and extent of the gift offered the
United States by the city of Philadelphia.
There is a body of five hundred acres of solid
land, which hc.s been overgrown with huge
forest trees, many of which still stand, and a
channel three hundred feet wide extending
from end to end of that five hundred acre isl-
and, and the gift proposed by Philadelphia em-
braces both the island and channel from low-
water mark in front of the island to the west
bank of the channel, including a sentry walk
on the main land. And he who will can cal-
culate the number of acres, and will find that
what the gentleman calls three hundred acres
of mud contains more than five hundred acres
of natural fast land, and more than throe hun-
dred acres of a wet basin, for which any naval
nation but our own would give millions, not
of dollars, but of pounds sterling. Sir, it can-
not but bo well to have some regard for truth
in setting forth the facts in the discussion of a
great national question like this.
It is said that the site proposed is too re-
mote from the ocean. And the gentleman from
Connecticut, in the spirit of Munchausen, spoke
of it as being more than one hundred miles from
the sea. Sir, it is but seventy miles from the
sea. He spoke of a steamer requiring four days
to reach the sea from Philadelphia. Sir, eight
hours is the time of the average passage for
naval steamers and for the larger of the ordi-
nary steam craft of the river from Philadelphia
to the offing of the eapes.
The gentleman also read from what he said
was a Philadelphia paper concerning the brack-
ish water about League Island and in front of
Philadelphia. It was fx'om a paper which, let
its imprint be Philadelphia or where it may,
was printed, or at least got up, if not printed,
at some point very remote from Philadelphia,
and most probably east of Philadelphia. It
spoke oftwenty-seven miles of miasmatic marsh
land south of the navy-yard, and of the brack-
ish water there, and yet the gentleman tells us
that the river is closed with ice for three months >
in every year, notwithstanding the fact, as he
asserts it, that the water is so brackish.
Sir, the records kept at the Philadelphia Hos-
pital and at the Merchants' Exchange show
that for forty years there has not been one
single day when the navigation of the Dela-
ware by steam has been closed or impeded by
ice, and it is known to the commercial world that
vessels take their supplies of water, with which
they sail the world arou.nl, from the Delaware
at Philadelphia. And, sir, that river supplies
a large district of Philadelphia with drinking
water through the public works of the city.
And yet gentlemen are gravely told that the
water there is brackish, and arguments are
rested upon an assertion at which even a Phila-
delphia lunatic would sneer.
But more than this, as if to stamp the insanity
that ruled the gentleman's hour, the House was
substantially told that the whole United Stales
are in league against Connecticut, and especially
againstthequiet sea-side village of New London;
that when the gentleman arrived here to take his
seat in this Congress he found that the State of
Pennsylvania and the Navy Depaitment had
been organizing a movement to exclude him
from the Naval Committee of this House, but
that he overcam'e that State and tho Depart-
ment, and aehisyed a commanding position on
