20G2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
are to be punished for violating a law of the (i
Unit-id States? If the third section is one 1|
which we hare a right to puss, then the enfor-
cing of a judgment by the State conrt, after
the case has been taken from the State court
under the anthoiitv of the third section, is an
offense, if we think proper to make it an of-
fense, because it is a violation of the statute
of the United States which we have the author-
ity to pass. How do you punish the violations
of any statute of the United States? How do
you punish a postmaster for violating his duty?
How do you punish him who interferes with
your mail? How do you punish the officers
of the land? IIow do you punish those who
interfere improperly, illegally, with your rec-
ords in your civil tribunals, or with the records
of the Executive Departments? And why do
you punish? Because, without punishment,
provisions of that sort would be practically in
many cases nugatory.
Whether it is admissible to do this, is another
question. Whether the whole benefit of this
aet would not be accomplished by omitting the
judges from the operation, of the fourth section , 4
is another question. But as far as the authority
to punish is concerned, why is not the judge to
be punished as well as his subordinate officer?
If a judge forges his records, you can punish
him : if lie interferes with the mail, you can
punish him: if he is guilty of any corruption
in his office, you can punish him. notwithstand-
ing he is a judge. He who commits a crime,
or what the law constitutes a crime legally,
cannot protect himself upon the ground that
he holds an official station under a State gov-
ernment, or under the Government of the Uni-
ted States. That is very clear. A judge,
therefore, when a case is removed from his
jurisdiction by virtue of a constitutional act of
Congress, who thinks proper to enforce a judg-
ment over which his jurisdiction has entirely
ceased, is just as much liable to be punished,
if the legislative department thinks proper to
punish him, as he is liable to be punished if
they think proper to punish him for committing
any other wrongful act.
It is not the case, according to my view, of
an erroneous judgment. It is a violation of a
statute of the United States, which, I have a
right to assume in this branch of the argument,
we have the authority to pass ; and, supposing
we have the authority to take the case from his
jurisdiction, he has no more authority to exe-
cute any judgment which he may have ante-
cedently pronounced than he would have au-
thority to do anything else which the laws of
his State or his country prohibited him from
doing. I agree with my friend from Wisconsin
that perhaps it w ould be advisable, because it
would be probably less objectionable to the
State tribunals, if this law is objectionable at
all—I do not think it ought to be objectionable
—if the section wa« amended in the way pro-
posed by my friend from Wisconsin. I did not
understand him as denying that we have the
authority to make the aet for which the section
as it now stand? punishes the judge a criminal
offense.
There are mam- reasons, Mr. President, to
which I beg leave very briefly to advert before
I conclude, why legislation of this kind is im-
portant. I know that many acts of very unne-
cessary violence, many abuses of authority,
many excesses of power have been committed
by those in whose .hands the management of
this rebellion has been placed. I believed
from the first, and I believe now, that it might
have been suppressed, perhaps just as effectu-
ally. by observing all the limitations to be found
in the Constitution upon the authority of the
several departments of the Government. I
believed, however—and perhaps I may have
bi'on induced to that opinion, though I thought
not at the time, and have no reason to think
now that F was induced to form that opinion
by any such consideration—I believed in the
bfainiiinu' of the rebellion that it was all-itn-
pori.w; that the writ of hahmis corpus should
lie su-j.ended ; and at the instance of the then
President of the United States I wrote an arti-
cle upon the subject, after Mr. Chief Justice
Taney had decided that it could not Joe done
except by the authority of Congress, respect-
fullydiffering with the judgment of that great
jurist; and that opinion was adopted by the
Executive. But I may have been wrong. It
would be worse than idle, it would be presump-
tion of the highest degree for any man, and
especially for one who was brought up almost
at the feet of the learned judge to whom I have
adverted, and whose excellence as a man, -as
well as'his profound knowledge as a, jurist, in
common with all who had the same opportunity
of knowing him, I acknowledge—to say that
my opinion was certainly right, and his opinion
was wrong. I do not know how the Supreme
Court of the United States, if the question was
brought before that tribunal, would decide it
now. I think they would decide that the opin-
ion which I gave was a correct one ; but they
might not hold that opinion. They might
yield to the higher authority of the very dis-
tinguished man who has pronounced a different
opinion in a case before him where the ques-
tion was fairly presented. What then ? Every
member of your Government who has been in
any way instrumental, or in any way a party in
a refusal to obey the writ of habeas corpus, and
who thereby defied the State power, or defied
the judicial power of the United States, where
an attempt has been made to exert it, would
be responsible, notwithstanding he may have
acted in perfect good faith, and under the hon-
est conviction which I felt at the time—felt
because I believed the power existed perhaps,
but certainly felt that without the suspension
of the writ, it would be exceedingly difficult to j
put down the rebellion as early as for the good j
of the country and for the sake of humanity it !
should be put down. I
But that is not all. The President of the !
! United States and persons acting under his :
i authority, have established from time to time I
j military commissions for the trial of citizens I
I not connected with the Army. There is—I j
! forget the particular section—in a section of ;
i the aet of Congress containing the Articles of j
| War. a provision which, considered by itself, !
would comprehend all who may do the acts :
: specified in the particular section. Mvimpres- ,
sion wa=, from the first, that that particular .
article was to be construed in connection with
the entire articles, and that it meant only to
embrace those who were connected with the
| Army. The Executive took a different view of ,
| it, and they established military commissions. ;
j Hundreds have been confined, some are now j
under confinement, several have been hung. >
! under the authority of those commissions. I
] endeavored to satisfy the military commission
j by whom those who were charged with the
assassination of the late President of the Uni-
ted States were tried that they had no authority
I to pass judgment at all. I failed. The sen-
' tences were executed. Those against whom
1 the punishment of death was not awarded a?e
1 now in confinement. Those upon whom that
\ punishment was awarded were executed.
! I cited a case in the argument to which I
: advert for the purpose of showing to the com-
; mission the peril in which they might place
  themselves if they executed anybody under
! that authority, the peri I that the President hira-
\ self and all his officers were involved in who
participated in that execution ; to show that
if it turned out thereafter that the military com-
' mission was an illegal tribunal, they might be
indicted for murder. I cited a case, never dis-
puted. in England, which was substantially this:
in one of the island's belonging to England
i there was a Governor Wall, in whom all power
1 was ve-ted. military and chil. He had some
^ three or four hundred soldiers under his com-
j mand. He got it into his head that they were
: about to mutiny. He was about leaving the
j island for home, and his paymaster was to go
j with him. The men's pay was largely in ar-
! rear, and they were under the impression that
| they would not be paid if those officer* were
I permitted to leave the inland. The result was
! what Governor Wall supposed, a mutiny, and
he selected the man that he thought was the
leader of the mutiny and ordered r, drum-head
court-martial upon him. The man was brought
up and tried at once. Some three or four hun-
dred lashes was' the sentence. They were
inflicted, and he died in consequence of the
punishment. As soouas thenewsreaehed Eng-
land Governor Wall was indicted. He remained
away until he thought the whole matter would
have been lost to recollection by time, and at
the end of twenty years, when Lord Ellenbor-
ough, who afterward was at the head of the
court of King's Bench, was the Attorney Gen-
eral, ho reached England. He was tried upon
the indictment for murder, convicted, and, in
spite of all interposition, was hung.
Now, Mr. President, that the President of
the United States who has ordered military
commissions, the officers who have acted as
judges in those tribunals, and those who have
executed the sentences which the commissions
from time to time have awarded, acted hon-
| estly, I do not doubt. They thought they had
j the authority. The Supreme Court has de-
| cided that they had not. They held at the last
i term of the court that the whole proceeding
! was illegal, that there was no authority either
i by a court-martial or by a military commission
| to try a civilian, unless he happened to be a
j spy. and that brought him within the scope of
| military law. I am not willing to leave the
j question as a matter of doubt whether the
i officers of the Government, high or low. who
' have honestly discharged their duty under an
| authority which they believed was ample, are
I liable to punishment.
I Now, how are we to prevent it? Eleven of
i the States have been in insurrection. I differ
with S, good many of the members of the Sen-
! ate, perhaps with most of those to whom I am
immediately addressing myself; I believe that
the large majority of that people are just as
loyal now to the authority of the Government
as we are; but there are a good many, per-
haps, who are not; and there may be included
in that number State judges and State officers,
and they may assume jurisdiction—and they
have the jurisdiction unless we interfere—to try
those parties for some such offenses as these,
and they maybe disposed to proceed to a final
and an adverse result. Now, 1 ask if it be in our
power to avert such an end as that, ought we
not to exert the power? That is all that is
done by this bill: the third section securing to
the party merely the right to have the case
remitted to a court of the United States; and
the fourth section providing a penalty for pro-
ceeding to execute a judgment in a case over
which tin- jurisdiction of the State court has
terminated. Whether it is advisable to leave
in the bill the particular clause suggested by
my friend from Wisconsin is another question.
I think the bill would be just as satisfactory,
just as productive of good results, practically,
without that provision as with it: but whether
with or without it, if my opinion is of any
av.a'l, I think now, as I thought when the sub-
j'.'ct was before the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, that the constitutional power to pass it
is fixe of ail reasonable doubt.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say but one word,
and that is upon the particular amendment
now beforo the Senate striking out the word
'•judges" from the section proposed to be
stricken out by the Senator from Delaware,
the fourth section. 1 beg the Senate to con-
sider who it is that, has the direction of the
causes in the Slate courts, and who it is that
when the petition is filed lias the power to order
a stay of the action. It is the judge. No«',if
the action should tie stayed, and if the parties
should lie visited wiih a penally if they at-
tempted to proceed, why should nol that judge,
if he is one of the judges (hat desire to pro-
! ceed against rheaulbority of the United States,
| be visited with the penalty?' Why should we
jj make any distinction: and why should we not
|! make a final end of the suit in the State court
by enforcing the provision ? f hope the amend-
li ment will not be made.
II And now one word to my friend from Wis-
