1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
il
PROTECTION 01? FREEDHEN.
Mr. "WILSON. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 9^ to maintain the freedom of tlie in-
habitants in the States declared in insurrection
and rebellion by the proclamation of the Presi-
dent of the 1st of July, 18G2. -
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the
bill read.
Mr. COWAN. Has that bill been referred
to any committee?
Mr. "WILSON. No, sir, it has not. It may
be referred if Senators desire it, but I do not
wish to have it referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the bill is asked for. It will be read.
* The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it enacted, <£<?., That all laws, statutes, acts, or-
dinances, rules, and regulations, of any description
whatsoever, heretofore in force or held valid in any of
the States which were declared to be in insurrection
and rebellion by the proclamation of the President
of the 1st of July, 1862, whereby or wherein any in-
equality of civil rights and immunities among the
inhabitants of said States is recognizcd, authorized,
established, or maintained, by reason or in conse-
quence of any distinctions or differences of color,
race, or descent, or by leason or hi consequence of a
previous condition or status of slavery or involuntary
servitude of such inhabitants, be, and are hereby,
declared null and void, and it shall be unlawful to
institute, make, ordain, or establish, in any of the
aforesaid States declared to be in insurrection and
rebellion, any such law, statute, act, ordinance, rule,
or regulation, or to enforce or to attempt to enforce
the same.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall violate either of the provisions of this act
shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall
bo punished by a fine of not less than $500nor exceed-
ing #10,000, and by imprisonment not less than six
• months nor exceeding live years; and it shall be the
duty of the President to enforce the provisions of
this act.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. < The bill is
now before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and is open to amendment.
Mr. COWAN. I move the reference of the
bill to the proper committee, the Committee
on the Judiciary I should think. I object to
its consideration now.
Mr. WILSON. Before the question is taken
on the motion of reference, I desire very briefly
to explain the bill and the reason for its intro-
duction. The bill is based upon the procla-
mation of the President of July L 1862, which
declared certain States to be in insurrection
and rebellion. The proclamation of the Pres-
ident of the 22d of September, 18G2, declaring
emancipation, pledged the faith of the Govern-
ment of the United States that the executive
government, including the Army and Navy,
would maintain the freedom of the persons de-
clared to be free; and this pledge was repeated
in the proclamation of the 1st of January,
1863. The Government of the United States,
therefore, stands pledged to three and a half
millions of persons to maintain their freedom.
Whatever differences of opinion may exist in
regard to the right of suffrage, I am sure there
can be no difference of opinion among honest
and just men in regard to maintaining the civil
rights and immunities of these freedmen; they
should stand at any rate like the non-voting
white population of those States.
It has been said that the slave codes and the
laws of these States in regard to persons of
color fell with slavery, but in fact those laws
are being executed, and in some of them in the
most merciless manner. In several of these
States new laws are being framed containing
provisions wholly inconsistent with the freedom
of the freedmen. A bill is pending before the
Legislature of South Carolina making these
freedmen servants, providing that the persons
for whom they labor shall be their masters,
that the relation between them shall be the re-
lation of master and servant. The bill, as ori-
ginally reported, provided that the freedmen
might be educated 5 but that provision has
already been stricken out, and the bill now lies
over waiting for events here. That bill makes
the colored people of South Carolina serfs, a
degraded class, the slaves of society.
The Senate of Georgia, the telegraph tells us
this morning, has passed a bill containing de-
grading and arbitraly provisions. It regulates
contracts between master and servant. It pro-
vides that if over one month, the contract must
be made in writing. Work hours, from sun-
rise to sunset. The servant is responsible for
damaging the master's property. Wages are
forfeited by leaving. The employer may dis-
charge servants for disobedience, drunkenness,
immorality, or want of respect. Leaving ser-
vices or enticing servants away is a misde-
meanor, punishable by a fine of $600 or im-
prisonment for four months.
In Mississippi the Legislature passed a bill
in which it is provided—
"That if the laborer shall quit the service of the
employer before expiration of his term of service,
without just cause, he shall forfeit his wages for that
year, up to the time of quitting.
"That every civil oincer shall, and every person
may, arrest and carry back to his or her legal employer
any freedman, free negro, or mulatto, who shall have
quit the service of his or her employer before the ex-
piration of his term of service without good cause, and
said officer or person shall bo entitled to receive, for
arresting and earryingback every deserting employ^
aforesaid, the sum of live dollars, and ten ce'nts per
lflile from the place of arrest to the place of delivery,
and the same shall be held by the employer, and held
as a set off for so much against the wages of said de-
serting employe, provided that said arrested party
after being so returned may appeal to a justice of the
peace or member of the board of police of the county,
who, on notice to the alleged employer, shall try
summarily whether said appellant is legally employed
by the alleged employer, and has good cause to quit
said employer; either party shall have the right of
appeal to the county court, pending which the al-
leged deserter shall be remanded to the alleged em-
ployer, or otherwise disposed of as shall be right and
just, and the decision of the county court shall be
final.
"That upon* the affidavit made by the employer of
any freedman, free negro, or mulatto, or any other
credible person before any justice of the peace, or
member of the board of police, that any frecuman,
free negro, or mulatto, legally employed by said em-
ployer has legally deserted said employment, such
jurtice of the peace or member of the boaid of police
shall issue his warrant 01* warrants, returnable beforo
himself or other such officer, directed to any sheriff,
constable, or special deputy, commanding him to
arrest said deserter and return him to said employer,
and the like proceedings shall be as provided in the
previous section; and it shall be lawful for any officer
to whom such warrant shall be directed to execute
said warrant in any county in this State, and that
said wai'rant may be transmitted without indorsement
to nny like officer of anothercounty.to be executed and
returned as aforesaid, and the said employer shall
pay the costs of said warrants and arrest and icturn,
and which shall bo set off for so much against the
wages of said deserter.
" That if any person shall, or shall attempt to, per-
suade, entice, or cause any freedman, free negro, or
mulatto to desert from the legal employment of any
person before the expiration of his term of service, or
shall employ any such deserting freedman, free negro,
or mulatto, or shall give or sell to any such deserting
freedman, free negro, or mulatto, any food, raiment,
or other thing, he shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and, upon conviction, he shall be fined not less than
twenty-live dollars and not more than two hundred
dollars and the costs; and if said fine and costs shall
not be immediately paid, the court shall sentence said
convict to not ^xcocding two months' imprisonment
in the county jail, and he shall, moreover, bo liable
to the party injured in damages: Provided, If any
person shall, or shall attempt to, persuade, entice, or
cause any freedman, free negro, or mulatto, to desert
from the legal employment of any person, with the
view to employ said freedman, free negro, or mulatto
without the limits of the State, such person, on con-
viction, shall be fined not less than fifty dollars and
not more than five hundred dollars and the costs, and
if said flue and costs shall not be immediately paid,
the court shall sentence said convict to not exceeding
six months' imprisonment in the county jail."
This arbitrary and inhuman act makes the
freedmen the slaves of society, nnd it is far bet-
ter to be the slave of one man than to be the
slave of arbitrary law. This act also forbids the
leasing of lands or houses outside of the cities,
thus making them landless and homeless. A
gentleman of rare intelligence, writing from that
State, says:
"I rcgrei to state that, under the civil power, deemed
by all the inhabitants of Mississippi to be paramount,
the condition of the lreedmen in many portions of the
country has become deplorable and painful in the ex-
treme. 1 must gh 0 it as my deliberate opinion that
the freedmen are to-day, in the vicinity where I am
now writing, worse off in mo41 espcc ts than when they
were held as slaves. If matters are permitted to con-
tinue on as they now seem likely to be, it needs no
prophet to predict a rising on the part of the colored
population, and a terrible scene of bloodshed and deso-
lation. Kor can any one biame the negroes if this
proves to be the result. 1 have heard since my arri-
val beie of luuiibeilet-s atrocities that have been per-
petrated upon the freedmen. 1r is sufficient to state
that the old overseers are in power again. The objoct
of the southerners appears to be to make good their
often-repeated osseriionsto the effect that tho negroes
would die if they were freed,* to make it so they seem
determined to goad them to desperation in order'to
have an excuse to turn upon and annihilate them."
A bill is now pending in the Legislature of
Louisiana, which provides— ■' *
"That any'adult freedman or woman shall furnish
themselves with a comfortable home and visibly
means of support within twenty daj# after the pas*
sage of this act. \
"That any freedman or woman failing to obtain &
home and support, as provided in the first section "of
this act, shall be immediately arrested by any sheriff
or constable in any parish, or sheriff, constable, of
police officer in any city or town in said parish where
said freedman may be* and by them deliveredover
to the recorder of the parish in which they are,ar-
rested, and by him hired out bypublicadvoitiseiacnt
to some citizen, being the highest bidder, for th'e re-
mainder of thc.year in which they are hired.
"That every freedman or woman who contracts,"
will have a book countersigned bythorecorder of the
parish where he lives, when he or she first engaged
their services after the passage of thi3 act, in which
will be recorded their name, age, and placewherehe
or she last lived, and a certificate of his or her charac-
ter and habits, and the length of time and to whom
engaged, and the name of the employer. In ease of
his changing his employer, the consent of his former
employer shall be entered on said book, before he
shall be employed by any other person.
"That in ease of the death of the employer, his
heirs, or he who acquires his property, isbasedbythe
contract with the laborers in the condition the de-
ceased was, and the laborer on his part is bound to
the new proprietor according to the terms of the pre-
vious contract. In case of the laborer leaving his
employer's service without his consent, when taken
win be assigned tolaboron somepubliowor]k without
compensation until his-employer reclaims him. , 1"
"General conversation will not be allowed during
working hours; for any disobedience a fine of one
dollar; failing to obey reasonable orders, neglect of
duty, and living home without permission, will be
deemed disobedience. No live stock will beallowcd
the laborers without the permission of the einployerj
all lost time from work hours (unless in case of sick-
ness) the laborers wiil be charged twenty-Jive ccnts
per hour; all lost time from home without leave will
iDe charged at the late of two dollars per day. All
difficulties arising between the employers and labor-
ers will be settled by the former, and if not satisfac-
tory to the laborers an appeal may be had to the
nearest justice of the peace, and two freeholders, cit-
izens, one of said citizens to be-selccted by the em-
ployer and the other by the laborer.
"That any laborer contacting by the day, week,
month, or year, or for a term of years, who leaves his
employer without his consent, the employer shall
have right to obtain a warrant from any judge or
justice of the peace, directed to a sheriff or constable,
who shall immediately arrest said laborer and deliver
him to his employ or."
Abraham Lincoln, in that proclamationthat
made liis name dear to our common humanity,
made the slaves of Louisiana free, forever free.
Has that State a right to enact a measure to
demean, degrade, enslave the men Abraham
Lincoln made free?
I have prepared this bill to declare these laws
in the States in insurrection and rebellion null
and void, and if the bill should pass, the Army
and the Freedmen*" s Bureau can arrest the exe*-
cntion of these arbitrary laws. The execution
of these laws is arrested now in some-places,
but they are executed in the large portions of
the States in insurrection and rebellion in a
most oppressive and arbitrary manner. Our
right to annul those laws I do not think any-
body can question. Our right to declare void
laws that practically make slaves of men we
have declared to be free in those rebel States
cannot be questioned. This bill is not based
on the constitutional amendment) but on the,
fact that these States are in insurrection and
rebellion. They have been so declared; they
are legally so now. We have a right to declare
these laws null and void, and I think, as a mat-
ter of humanity, we ought at'once to do it.
The crimes, the wrongs, the outrages that are
perpetrated upon these hapless freedmen are
shocking to our common humanity. I have
letters from many of our officers, mcii of the
highest character, setting forth the condition, of
affairs in many of these States. There are other
Senators who have received letters and com-
munications from men of character, describing
outrages and cruelties that are perpetrated upon
these freedmen.
This bill has been drawn with great care. I
have submitted it, severally, to six eminent
lawyers—two of them are hardly surpassed by
any lawyers in the country. They pronounce
it clearly constitutional. Our right to pass
this bill 1 cannot doubt; I never met a man
who doubted it. The right is aS clear as any
right we have to legislate for anything. As a
