1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3023
the Naval Committee; and with a want of
generosity and candor for which I hope. Mr.
Speaker, he will apologize to you, creatcd the
impression, so far as his words could do so,
that you had acted the partisan, entered into
the conspiracy, and appointed two members
from Pennsylvania to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. Sir, the gentleman, well informed and
Studious of such matters as he is, must have
known that you did but follow precedent in
this particular. When you became Speaker you
found that there had been one member of the
Naval Committee from Philadelphia and one
from .the valley of the Ohio, in western Penn-
sylvania. Hon. John P. Verree had been the
member from Philadelphia, and the gentleman
from Pittsburg, who now so ably represents
that district, [Mr. Mooiuiead,] was the other to
whom I refer. There were then from New
England two members of the Naval Committee
—the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] and
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rice,]
the accomplished chairman of the committcc.
There were twenty-seven members of this
House from New England and twenty-four from
Pennsylvania. The delegation from New Eng-
land and the delegation from Pennsylvania,
so nearly equal numerically, each had two
members on that committee. Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman who thus reflected upon you,
and who would impress the country with the
conviction that ho is the victim of a conspiracy,
was added by you to New England's two mem-
bers, while you gave Pennsylvania only what
your predecessor had done—one member from
Philadelphia and one from the valley of the
Ohio. The gentleman in the midst of his whin-
ing over the wrongs done New England in his
person, forgot that of members of the Naval
Committee, as constituted by you. New England
has one for every nine members, while Penn-
sylvania has one for but every twelve. But
the gentleman seemed to be disposed to run
a muck against the world. lie seemed to have
forgotten that parliamentary proprieties were,
or were likely to be, regarded by anybody when
he thus assailed you, Mr. Speaker, for not hav-
ing more promptly seen his distinguished fitness
for the Naval Committee, and visited New Lon-
don to invite him to accept a place upon it.
Sir, I shall not follow the gentleman's rodo-
montade imaginings and slander. He is not
ignorant of the facts of the case; ho has ex-
amined this chart; he has stood by the well on
League Island which gives forth pure spring
water filtered through gravel. When, sir, he
examined this chart he saw that that whole
island, channel and all, was underlaid with
gravel, for here is the drawing of a cross sec-
tion marking the distance at less than twenty-
five feet below the surface at which water-
bearing gravel and heavy boulders are found.
He saw that no foot of it was alluvial founda-
tion, for within three feet of the surface is found
black clay laminated with fine sand, which he
is too well informed to regard as an alluvial
deposit. He knows that League Island is part
of the mainland, intersected from it by an over-
flow of one or the other rivers and subsequent
washing.
Will it, as he asserts, take sixty or ninety
feet of piling to render that island suitable for
the erection of buildings? Commodore Tur-
ner, who has had charge of the island, and
who assisted in building the fortifications at
Fort Mifflin, on the south bank of the Schuyl-
kill, half a mile from it, on kindred ground,
has assured the committee that piles could not
be well driven to the depth of thirty feet; that
thov would strike heavy boulders at the dejjth
of from twenty-five to thirty feet. The gen-
tleman has also been assured by the officer of
the Coast Survey detailed to superintend the
boring of the island and report the results, with
the scientific detail of fact, and with the results
confirmed by the statements of the proprietors
of the heaviest works m Philadelphia, that
League Island would need no piling for any
buildings or machinery except under the trip-
hammer; that you could build upon its sur-
face, without driving a pile, work-shops or
machine-shops as extensive or heavy as any
known within the limits of Pennsylvania. Yet
in view of these facts rung into his ears by
honorablegentleinen.be tells this House that
League Island is a mass of mud upon which
nobody would think of building a barn.
Sir, the gentleman has been entertained in
what was the unostentatious summer residence
of the former owner of the island; he has seen
the cellars of the houses upon it; and lie has
drank with me of the water from the gravelly
springs that furnish water to the healthy peo-
ple who reside on the island.
Sir, this discussion has not, as I have said,
been a pleasant one to me, though I do enjoy
a generous public discussion.
Now, sir, let us look at what is proposed by
the bill before us. I regret exceedingly that
the gentleman from Connecticut would not
permit the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eliiuipue] to offer his amendment. Sir, there
is 110 thought of maintaining the present petty
yard at Philadelphia one day after the mate-
rial there accumulated can be transferred to
League Island. Hut on this point lot the Sec-
letary of the Navy, the author of this project,
speak for himself. In his communication of
May 9, 1801, addressed to this House through
the Speaker, he said :
"Having in view economy, as well as the public
necessities, 1 have at no time recommended that the
number of ournavy-yards should boincreased on the
Atlantic coast, but it is my deliberate opinion that
no fimeshoutd be wasted in establishing at a proper
place a suitable yard where iron ships can bo made
and repaired."
Again, in his annual report of December 5,
1804, he said :
" It has never been the purpose of the Department,,
in any ot' its tui^'-'SLions or recommendations, to m-
cieaco the number of our nuvv-yatds. nor to alter
their local distribution. Theyaid which we now have
at Philadelphia is alto'^etlierinudequate to out pies-
ent or future wants. It was proposed, theretore, to
substitute a new one on the Delawnie, in the vicin-
ity of Philadelphia. League island, within the lim-
it® ol that city, if adopted ,13 a *ite. luiht Gradually
absorb the works at the piescnt yaid, which would
then be discontinued."
Hear his description of what we, want, which
after all is a description of League Island and
all the advantages it embodies:
"A navy-yard, ij'we have one for naval iron work,
should be established on IreMi water, for this is es-
sential to the preservation of iron ve.^cK winch can-
not be laid up in saltwater during peace. Beady
access to coal, iron, and timber is also important, lor
these essential aitides should bo always available on
the inland waters withoul exposure to an enemy by
coastwise transportation. The vu mity of a large city,
where skilled artisans can ho obtained without diih-
culty. and the facilities of markets and tenements are
abundant, should bo consideied. A foundation of
gravel would, tor the purposes ot machinery, be pref-
erable to stone. An extensive water ftonfaae mu.st
also be secured. For such a depot and establishment,
where costly machinery and material would accumu-
late during years of peace, the advantages ot an inte-
rior location arc most manifest. These favorable con-
dition s are to be obtained nowhere clse-so completely
as on the Delaware river; and the position of League
J> land, within the limits 01 the citv of Philadelphia,
presents prohahl> aslionsercombinationofthe points
that are necessary than any oilier location."
Bat, sir. gentlemen say thai the Secretary of
the Navy is not a scientific man. Well, then,
let us turn from him to one of the most thor-
oughly scientiiic engineers of the country. We
sent the chief engineer of the Navy Department,
Mr. King, abroad to examine the naval stations
of other nations. We also sent him alons our
whole coast to ascertain the capabilities of our
own land. What does he say on the question ?
I ask gentlemen who insist cm scientiiic infor-
mation to listen to Mr. King, when, instructed
by his extended travel and observation, lie sajs:
"For the location of sueh a yard we have advan-
tages in our great rivers not possessed by any Euro-
pean nation. In an entirely ^eciuc position, far from
the sea, in fresh water, and within easy reach of iron
and coal, an iron-yard may be ereetcd. Thef-o ad-
vantages areweichty. and cannot bo overestimated.
Still we have another adyauta^e: the rite and fall of
our tides bein^ cumpaialively t-o small, wo do not
necessarily recjmic bafcin accommodations—the most
expensive of Kurupean dock-yard cons', niclionb—all
we need in this rcrard being a portion, atiording
ainole\r!i;a f«:?r t ou'u.
"Location does not belong pioperlv to (no «ub-
jccMnaitor ot tins ivporr, but cannot he ton.-idoivd
entirely lors-ifm io ii. because it is the lirst and most
important eou-\.h ration. Government ofac-uus in
England ;md Fian-e were free in eYnressin? their
opinions to me, ihafcsincetfaomvention of gunscapa-
bleof-propellingdestruetive projectiles several miles,
and the construction of armored ships, an inland loca-
tion for aprent dock-yard becomesaimostiraperntive.
"The advantages of fresh water for iron vessels to
lie in when ropnn ing and fitting out is another point
to be considered, for it must be remembered that the
adhesion of barnacles, oysters, and mussels to the
bottom of iron vessels, while Ijing still in sea water,
is rapid and excessive; in fresh water the iron is
entirely free from them.
" The navy-yard at Philadelphia does not cover as
much ground as the basin water nieain any one of
the principal European dock-yards; it has only two
covered building-shps, with the necessary vrood-woik
shops and store-houses, and is not provided with any
stone docks or meansof repairing steam machinery,"
I will not weary the House by laying before
it the volume of such information, but will pro-
ceed to show why I think we ought not to adopt
the substitute submitted by the gentleman from.
Connecticut. It is, to borrow a legal phrase,
a mere dilatory motion. It is entered for the
purpose of delay, for the purpose of keeping
the question open, and compelling a compro-
mise between those who do not think we need
additional naval stations and those who think
we ought to put one where my friend from New
York [Mr. Dodge] saw the city bombarded
w ith the short-range guns used during the war
of 1812. That gentleman tells me that he was
old enough to sit with his father on the family
porch and see British vessels bombard New
London in 1832. And this motion is entered
to force a compromise by which the Govern-
ment shall not acquire an enlarged station at
Philadelphia until Congress consents to build
another one at that most exposed point of our
coast.
"While on that question let me answer a query
put to my colleague, by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Moulton, | whether there was not
danger that our iron vessels might be closed in
at League Island by an enemy's licet. The
very able pamphlet entitled j*'fife Advantages
of League Island," by a New England man,
which has won the commendation of Admiral
Porter, Commodore Stribling, and Commodore
Turner, and indeed I may say the approval of
the whole Navy, says:
"During the last war with Great "Britain. Chesa-
peake hay was bloekadod bv a Bntish licet bin:; at
Lynn Haven hay, arid Xew London was blockaded
by « similar fleet lyinu in Gardner's bav. Both theso
positions are still available to an enemy for that pur-
pose, but there is no anchorage at the mouth ot tho
Delawaic. or nearer than tho two places just men-
tioned, where an enemy's fleet of iion-clads can
anchor securely. The diaufdit of water of the for-
eign n ou-elads is too great for them to anchor behind
the Delaware breakwater. Consequently this river
posse^e^ an eeonomieal advantage lor a na\y-yarcl
fiomits ereoftrnphical position, which renders largo
expenditures for fortifications eoinpartively unneces-
sary."
I now yield for a few moments to the gentle-
man from Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDKIDGE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was sec-
onded and the main question ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to lay that mo-
tion on the table.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I hope the question
will not be opened to geneiai debate again
by reconsidering the vote !>y which the main
question was ordered.
II r. ELD111DGE. It is not the intention to
open the general debate, but merely to afford
an opportunity to move an amendment.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I object to debate.
Mr. ELDEIDGE. Is it not in order for me
to have my amendment reported?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I object.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Iveiley] to read
it as a part of his remarks.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Thegentlemanfrom Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kkij.ey] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I rise to a question
of order. A motion has been made to recon-
sider the vote by which the main question was
oidered, and I have moved to lay that motion
to reconsider upon the table. Ilow, then, can
| the Chair recognize any gentleman a;, entitled
to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] yielded the floor to the
