1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1103
Mr. JOHNSON. I dp not say that there is
any well-founded doubt; but I understand that
the Senator from Kansas has a doubt 011 that
subject.
Air. BROWN. I believe this amendment
removes even his doubt.
Mr. JOHNSON. lie says not; and cer-
tainly no member of the Senate is disposed to
interfere with the obligation of treaties. I am
satisfied the Senator from Missouri is the last
member who would do it.
Mr. BROWN. I am willing to let the bill
go over until to-morrow, and we can take it up
then and dispose of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By com-
mon consent the bill will be considered as post-
poned until to-morrow.
cattle diseases.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Agri-
culture, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 3:21) to amend an act entitled aAn act to
prevent the spread of foreign diseases among
the cattle of the United States," approved
December 1871805, have directed me to report
it back without amendment, and Task the eon-
sent of the Senate to put it upon its passage at
once. I am told that it is necessary to*pass it
as soon as possible in order to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to carry out the former
law.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which provides that the act entitled "An
act to prevent the spread of foreign diseases
among the cattle ,ot the United States," ap-
proved December 18, 1805, shall be amended
so as to read as follows:
That the importation of neat cattle and the hides
of neat cut lie from any foi< ij?n eountiy into the Uni-
ted Sintes is hereby prohibited: Provide/, however.
That the opciation of this act, or any part theicof,
shall be suspended as to any foreign countiy orcoun-
anv part? of such country or countries, whero
ever the Secretary of the Treasury shall officially de-
termine, and fcive public notice thereof, that such
importation will not tend to tho inliodaction oi f picad
of contagious or infectious diseases a.mon<? the cattle
of th« United Sti'tes: and the Seeretaiy ot the Treas-
ury is hei eby authorized and empowered, and it cliail
be his duty, to make all ncce^arv oiders and regula-
tions to carry this law into oifeet. or to suspend the
eanie thoiein oiovided. and to send copies thereof
to the proper officers in the IFnned^tateb, and to Mich
officers or arjcvN oflho I'nited States in foreign coun-
tries as he-siiall judse necessary.
fc>e0. 2. And he xt further enacted. That the Presi- ,
dent of the United Urates, whenever m his judgment 1
the impol tat ion of neat catile and the hides oi neat
cattle may be made without danger of the ini; educ-
tion or spread of contagious or infection? di^ea^e
anions theeatiio of the l'nited States, may, hy proc-
lamation, declare the provisions ot_ this act to be in-
operative. and the fame shall be afterward inopera-
tive and of no effect fi om and .after thirty da> s from
tli^ date of said p} oclhmation.
Sr:c. And be it further eaarted, That any person
convicted of a Willful violation of any of the provis-
ions of this act shuli bo pnnUlicd by a line not
exceeding ^500, or imprisonment not exceeding one
year, or by both such lino and imprisonment, m the
discretion of the euuit.
The bill was reported to the Senate without,
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
rbpbbsestatxos of southern status.
The P11ES1DEXT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, upon winch the Senator from Ne-
vada [Mr. Stkivaut] is entitled to the floor.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution:
it retnh'al by the ITop.ne r.f PLrr,?rsrntriiivrR, (tile
Senate ooncnii-in:-*,) Xn<U m order to (lo.-,o a-'iiat ion
upon :i question which seems likelj to di'tuih the
action ot the Government. as we' j a< Jo quiet the un-
certainty which-is iti?i;3: the minds ot' the people
of the eleven State- which have been declared to ho
ill in-arrcetion, no Senator or Representative ..liail
be admitted into either branch of Conareps from a my
of said rliv i e^ until Connies* shall h.i-\ e declared such
Staio entitled to such representation.
Mr. STEWAlt'f. Mr. President, before the
meeting of Congress, various propositions were
suggested in the public prints for amendments
to the Constitution as guarantees for the future
security of the country. It was feared that
there would be an eifort on the part of the late
rebellious States io embarrass the Government
"by attempts to assume, in some form, obliga-
tions incurred in support of the rebellion. I
was one among the number who had some
fears on this subject, and although most of the
southern States had expressly repudiated the
rebel debt, still I felt that it would not be un-
reasonable to place that repudiation beyond
recall, by a national compact, and it seemed to
me that no one could complain of such com-
pact byway of amendment, to the Constitution,
inasmuch as the justice of the proposition was
manifest to all, and denied by none, the only
objection being that it was a work already ac-
complished, and 110 danger was to be appre-
hended from that source. I still think that
an amendment of this kind, properly worded,
would be readily adopted by all the States, both
North and South, and might prevent harm to
the country. At all events, it would be a guar-
antee of some value to loyal men, and need not
retard for a single day the work of reconstruc-
tion, for with the present state of feeling the
South would be quite as ready to adopt it as the
North. It is but a declaration of a conceded
proposition perfectly in harmony with the spirit
of the Constitution and the verdict of the war.
But this is not a proposition under consid-
eration. There was another question growing
out of the abolition of slavery which changed
the basis of representation in the South from
the entire population, less two fifths of the
slaves, to the whole population without any
reduction whatever. The public mind was much
exercised over this question, and the general
verdict of the people, as manifested through the
press, was that the basis of representation
should be so changed as not to accord to the
South increased representation as a reward for
rebellion, and it was generally conceded that
that could be accomplished hy adopting male
citizens of the United States over the age of
twenty-one years, who are allowed to vote in
their respective .States, as the basis oi repre-
sentation, and the assessed value ol property,
both real and personal, as the basis of taxation.
Both of these propositions are embodied in the
resolution which 1 shall at the proper time offer
as a substitute for that reported by the commit-
tee, and which Twill read:
Representatives shall ho apportioned amons tho
pc\eiul States which may he included within this
TT lion according to the mini her of mule citizens of
the United States in each Slate over tyrcntv-one
years of ase qualified hy the laws thereof io cliooso
members of the 1:10, t. numerous branch ot iU Legis-
lature. And direct taxes shall be levied in cach
State according to the value of 1e.1l and personal
property situated theiein not belonging to the btate
nor to the Cnited States.
These propositions appeared for a time to
meet with universal favor, for they appeared to
be founded in justice arid equality. It based
the political power of the country upon the num-
ber of voters, giving each an equal voice; giving
a voter in California the same representation
here as one in Mississippi; making an elector in
Ohio equal to one in Kentucky. It said to the
Smith. •' If your negroes, women, and children
do not vote they shall not be counted: not lie-
cause they are negroes, women, and children,
but because they ai e not vot era.'' 11 said to the
North, "It you do not allow your aliens and
women and children to vote they shall not be
counted; not because they are aliens, women,
and children, but because they are not voters.''
It left* the control of the elective franchise where
the Constitution of the fathers h.ol placed it.
within the jurisdiction of the several States, only
limiting their representation in Congress to otieh
male citizens over the age of twe nty-one years
• j in the several State-' as the States themselves
i would trust with the ballot. This,;! was thought.
: would be a sutlieient inducement to all the
States to exiend the ri&ht of s'tUVage to all who
! could safely exercise that right. It would not
|j only secure to the negro a fair prospect,of be-
I ing enfranchised when his advancement in civ-
ilization shall have entitled him to that high
prerogative, but would also allow that privi-
■ lece to be conferred upon him gradually, a? it
has been clone in some, of the States of New
j England, where he now enjoys matry of the
i privileges as well as all the rights oi citizenship,
i and so fast us he is enfranchised in any State
he is counted in the basis of its representation.
This is the most favorable position for .the ne-
gro to occupy, for it avoids the necessary con-
flict that must arise in forcing the emancipated
slave, all unprepared for the conflict, upon a
political equality with his late master—a posi-
tion whieli the Senator from Maine himself has
told us no one will contend is desirable.
This resolution accomplishes another object
quite as important in my estimation as thfe ques-
tion of representation itself,-andthatis, it holds
out an inducement to the South to allow tha
northern emigrant to vote, and makesftheprop-
osiEon recently brought forward in the Virginia
Legislature to require five years' residence be-
fore a Union soldier from the North can vote
in the Old Dominion quite as detrimental to
Virginia herself as to the American citizen to
whom she denies the elective franchise. Here
let me say that the idea suggested in the prop-
osition to require five years' residence to qual-
ify an American citizen to vote in Virginia, is
the most unfriendly and disloyal manifestation
since the fall of the rebellion, and its malice is
only surpassed by its folly. Would not the fact
that voters only are counted iti the basis of rep-
resentation, operating with other things, induce
the South to abandon such madness?
I now propose to examine some of the objec-
tions to this proposition, and why it was laid
aside. It is said by the Senator from Maine that
we are accustomed to the idea that representa-
tion should be based upon population, that* it is
apart of the genius of our institutions; but let
me ask that Senator, if such be the case, why
make an exception as in his proposition ; whjr
make any change in the Constitution what-
ever? Have we not become ^ccustomed to
the whole Constitution as it is, and if such an
argument be sound, does it not prove too much?
But what was the real reason why the propo-
sition to make voters the basis of representa-
tion was abandoned? It was a gentleman from
New England, I believe, wdio suggested that
it would not operate fairly upon the old States
from which the young men who have built up
the West have emigrated, leaving a surplus of
females, and a comparison was instituted be-
tween Vermont and California, and upon this
partial view, without any examination into the
general effect of the amendment, tho whole
plan was abandoned and a system of indirec-
tion adopted which I shall hereafter discuss
more at length. Were the fears of New Eng-
land well grounded ? Is it a fact that her non-
voting population bears a greater proportion to
j the whole population than that of the great
Slates of the northwest? An examination of
the census of 18G0 shows the reverse to be true.
For while the East has a greater proportion of
females, the West has a greater proportion of
minors, and strange as it may seem, that while
the white males over twenty years of age in the
States of Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Iowa, Illi-
nois, and Wisconsin constitute only one third
!; of the whole population, or eleven in thirty-
three, in the New England States tho ratio of
white males over twenty to the balance of the
population is as eleven to twenty-nine—I do
p not pretend that my figures are exactly correct,
i! as 1 was compelled to omit fractions, but arc
j| sufficiently so for the purposes of this argument.
I| Tested by another rule, taking Mr. Conklix<;'s
11 table, prepared with great eare, we find that
representation based on wh'te suffrage would
j' give an increase of nine Representatives in tho
I! States ea°t of the Alleghany mountains, namely,
I one to Connecticut, two to Massachusetts, one
'i to Maine, one to New Jersev, and tour to New
! York, while the Slates west of the Alleghanies
li would gain only live. This, however, might
;! be somewhat modified en account of the foreign
|| males over twenty which we have no means by
/ the census of separating from the aggregate or
i' white males over that age. But the changes
ii occasioned bv this clement would certainly not
! be prejudicial to tho East, the preponderance
of foreigners being in the West, and the popu-
!' lation ot California, which has been held up as
[I an example of the extreme injustice and ine-
1! quality of this proposition, is nearly fifty per
