1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
hands. The Constitution has already lodged
it in the hands of the President in,a certain
contingency; and if he sees fit to convene us
he can undoubtedly do so. If we see fit to re-
convene ourselves we are able to do so without
interfering with the prerogative of the Presi-
dent at all. The Constitution provides that
Congress shall assemble at least onee in each
year. Hence a sine die adjournment cannot
extend beyond the year; the Congress must
be again in session during the year.
In the second place, Congress has the power
to adjourn, by the action of both Houses, for
tnore than three days; or thirdly, each House
by itself can adjourn for a periodless than three
days.
Those are the three provisions of adjourn-
ment which we find in the Constitution; ad-
journment sine die by the concurrent action of
the two Houses ; adjournment for more than
three days by the same concurrent action ; and
adjournment for a period less than three days
by the action of either House separately.
Again, no resolution of adjournment needs
the sanction of the President to give it efficiency
and validity. It is the mere act of the two
Houses themselves. I hold, then, that this
whole question of adjournment is one that is
in the hands of Congress, (wisely so left,) sub-
ject only to the two qualifications to which I
have already alluded.
I come now to answer the objection made
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Finck,]
which is that this matter'is left by the Consti-
tution in the hands of the President, and that
the grant is absolute and exclusive. Let us
see whether it be so. The Constitution provides
that the President
"Shall from time to time give to the Congress in-
formation of the State of the Union, andrecommend
to their consideration such measures as he shall judge
necessary and expedient,* he may, on extraordinary
occasions, convene both Houses, or either of them,
and in case of disagreement between them, with
respect to the time of adjournment"—
Here is another contingency in which the
President may act—
" he may adjourn them to such time as lie shall think
proper."
Mr. ROSS. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question: if the Presiding Officers of the
two Houses should call Congress together,
naming one time, and the President of the
United States should convene them, naming
another time, which call should Congress obey ?
Mr. ORTH. Whichever call named the ear-
lier day. Is the gentleman satisfied?
Mr. ROSS. I am not satisfied. Members
from Baltimore and other localities near the
Capitol would be the first to get intelligence
of the call of the President, while members
residing near to the Presiding Officers would
learn first of their call. Thus some members
might get here much earlier than others.
Sir. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, this grant of
power to the President was given for wise pur-
poses ; but although it is an absolute grant it
is not an exclusive grant.
Mr. FINCK. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. ORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. FINCK. I desire to say that in addition
to the constitutional difficulty, one other point
which I endeavored to present as showing that
this is not a question of privilege is, that this
resolution proposes to confer by legislation
additional power upon the Speaker of the
House and the President of the Senate.
Mr. ORTH. I will answer that point when
I finish the position I am now considering. I
hold, sir, that this resolution does not come
in conflict with the constitutional provision
which gives to the President the power to con-
vene Congress, if he sees fit, "on extraordi-
nary occasions." Where the grant is given to
the President, as in this case, to do a particu-
lar thing, it does not exclude the exercise of a
similar power on the part of any other depart-
ment of this Government, especially in view
of the fact that this whole question of adjourn-
ment is confided by the Constitution to both
Houses of Congress.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. ORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Without, being
precisely certain on a question so novel as
this, I have a very distinct impression about
it; and I desire to make a suggestion to my
friend that I may hear his reply to it. I do
not know that there is anything new in the
suggestion which I am about to make. I think
that probably it 4^ already been made. It
must be conceded as perfectly obvious that the
Constitution means to provide for the precise
case which is contemplated by the resolution
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to wit,
the convening of Congress at a time when
there is no session of Congress, on account of
an extraordinary emergency having arisen.
That precise case is provided for by the Con-
stitution ; and it is provided that the President
of the United States may convene the two
Houses,or either of them on account of that
emergency. We cannot differ, then, about the
proposition that the President has the power;
and I do not understand that we do. This prop-
osition is met, however, by the suggestion that
the power is not exclusively in the President;
that Congress may by an act of its own, either
a concurrent or a joint resolution, delegate to
some person or persons, other than the Presi-
dent, this power to determine the question of
the existence of the exigency calling for the
convening of Congress.
Now, then, Mr. Speaker, my mind is troub-
led in taking that view by reason of the gen-
eral construction arising out of the legal rule
and principle that when a power is given in
the Constitution to a distinct officer, branch,
or part of the Government, unless there are
other terms in the instrument which control
the matter, the power is exclusive. Take the
clause in the Constitution coining below that
in regard to the President commissioning the
officers of the Government. Does anybody
doubt but that is his exclusive power, and that
Congress could not by joint resolution or other-
wise confer the power on any other person to
commission officers of the United States?
Take this ease: could we provide by law for
a permanent repository of our power for the
term of our own lives, or, I should say, for the
term of this Congress—could we, I say, give
any one person the power to determine whether
this Congress should come together and when
it should come together before December next?
There is no question about the power of Con-
gress to determine its own adjournment; but
it seems to me that Congress must take it upon
itself to determine whether it will again meet
here before next December. If it adjourns,
leaving no Congress in session, not having de-
termined the question for itself, then I think
that state of case has come where the Consti-
tution provides a repository of the discretion,
the exigency having intervened.
I come back to the general proposition that
as a general rule, wherever a power is given by
the Constitution to any department or officer
of the Government, that power is exclusive
unless you find something in other portions of
the Constitution to control that rule making
it exclusive.
Mr. DAWES. Let me put a question to the
gentleman from Ohio in aid of the suggestion
which he only anticipated me in making.
Mr. ORTH. I will first answer the gentle-
man from Ohio, and then yield to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts.
Mr. Speaker, the resolution now offered for
adoption is not a resolution of adjournment;
it is a resolution that this Congress shall, when
it adjourns at some day to be fixed during this
month, adjourn until the first Saturday of next
December. I submit whether, under the lan-
guage of the Constitution, the President can
call an extra session of Congress when we have
taken a recess.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is there not a further pro-
vision in the resolution that the President of
the Senate and the Speaker of the House may
convene Congress at some other time ? I think
the words11 session of Congress,'' employed by
the gentleman from Indiana, furnish a hint as
to the power of Congress over this question.-
The Constitution fixes the first Monday in De-
cember as the day upon which Congress shall
convene. Then it provides they may by law
provide for the commencement of the session
of Congress. There is another provision in the
Constitution that neither House, during the ses-
sion of Congress, shall, without the consent of
the other, adjourn for more than three days at
any one time. The word "session" throws
some light on the question. This ex vi termini
implies that the two Houses, by concurrent res-
olution, may during the session of Congress, if
it continue to be the same session, adjourn for
alongcrperiodthan three days, and may, there-
fore, adjourn from next Thursday to the day
fixed in the resolution of the gentleman from.
Pennsylvania. It will continue to be the first
session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. The
only question remaining, in reference to which
I agree with my colleague, is that we cannot
depute the power to any other.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose no one will doubt
that the two Houses can take a recess to any
time we may fix. The only difficulty is that
suggested by the gentleman from Ohio in refer-
ence to delegating this power to any one else.
Admit for the purpose of this argument that
they can delegate this power, how can it be
done ? These two officers have no authority
of law to do it.
Now, another objection comes up; they can-
not acquire this authority except by law. The
question comes rip whether by a simple resolu-
tion of this House, and of the other branch of
Congress, you can clothe these Presiding Offi-
cers with new powers. Can you, by a res-
olution merely, clothe them with any other
powers than those which tliey now have ? I
do not believe it is within our power to del-
egate to them any authority over the question
of an adjournment. The two bodies of Con-
gress can take a recess for any time that they
may fix. The President has the power of con-
vening Congress in extra session ; but the two
Houses cannot surrender their judgment of the
public exigencies to any two members. I have
no idea that we can clothe the Presiding Offi-
cers of these two bodies with any such power.
Mr. ORTH. I have no difficulty in answer-
ing the position taken by the gentleman from
Massachusetts; and I need but remind that
gentleman of the common transaction in every
Congress since the Government was organized
of clothing the Speaker of the House with cer-
tain authority by simple resolution; and cloth-
ing the Speaker of the House and the President
of the Senate with certain authority by concur-
rent resolution; and in neither case by law.
For instance, we authorize the Speaker of the
House to adjourn us when we have agreed upon
a day.
Mr. DAWES. Ah, the Constitution says
we can do that.
Mr. ORTH. We authorize the Speaker and
the President of the Senate to take charge of
the public buildings and grounds, the Capitol
police, as well as other matters, as the agents
of Congress, carrying out their wishes, with-
out any act of Congress on the subject what-
ever. We do it by resolution simply; and the
resolution now under consideration merely
empowers the Presiding Officers of the two
bodies to carry out the wishes of Congress,
and clothes them with authority to shorten the
recess from the first Saturday in December to
the first Saturday in September for instance; in
other words, we take a recess until these gen-
tlemen whom we have appointed notify us that
the recess shall terminate. They are to act,
not for themselves, but as the agents of the two
Houses, carrying out their will and acting
under their authority.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman from In-
diana says that this resolution does not con-
template an adjournment but a recess, and
therefore the same rules that might apply to a
question of adjournment do not apply to tliis
question. I call the attention of the gentle-
