1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2063
consin, who says that the provision to proceed
against a judge is a novel provision, something
neV; and I think he paid it was unknown or
new either in this country or- in that country
from which we derive oar laws. I have before
me a statute made as long ago as 10 Charles
I, in the year 1G40, two hundred and twenty-
six years ago, which contains this remarkable
provision:
"And be it farther provided and enacted. That if
any lord chancellor, or keeper of the great seal of
England, lord treasurer, keeper of the King's privy
seal, president of the council, bishop, temporal lord,
privy counselor, .iud'-'C or justice whatsoever, shall
offend, or do anything contrary to the purport, true
intent, and meaning of this law, then he or they shall
for such offense forfeit the sum of £500 of lawful
money."
It was at the time when the English Parlia-
ment undertook to break np the Star Chamber
which had been derogatory to the liberties of
the country. They feared that they should not
be able to enforce the provisions of this act
without a penalty, and they made a provision
that if any of those judges attempted to pro-
ceed and to do what theretofore the court had
done, they should be liable to that penalty.
Now, we desire to break up this practice of
prosecuting Union men for attempting to pre-
serve the Government. Why should it not be
done? Everybody, I think, agrees that it is
desirable. The Senator from Wisconsin agrees
that it is desirable. Then if these judges will
proceed in the face of the law of Congress,
direct and peremptory, why should they not
be punished ? If they do not do it, if they
yield obedience to the law, they will not be
visited by the punishment; but if they will act
in the face and eyes of the law, why should
they not, as well as the parties and officers
and other persons offending, be visited with
the punishment? I hope we shall retain the
word "judges," and thatwe shall say to them
that they are amenable, as well as other par-
ties, to the law of Congress and to this pen-
alty.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think we ought to
presume that the judge of a State, in his judi-
cial office, who by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States is bound to take an oath that he
will support the Constitution of the United
States, and all laws madg in pursuance thereof,
anything contained in any State constitution
or law to the contrary notwithstanding, will not
violate his oath of office. It is not necessary,
in order to secure the rights proposed to be
secured by the bill. There can be no proceed-
ing against an individual if there is no party
to it against him ; and if the party who is seek-
ing his redress against the Union oiliecr is
restrained, if lie is made liable ; it is not neces-
sary to presume in the law of Congrees that
the judge will commit a crime. Why is it-
necessary to put it in your statute?
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will allow
me, I will ask, might not the State become a
party, and make it a prosecution on the part
of the State ? Many of these cases are prose-
cuted in behalf of the State.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe in what is
s'a'id by .Judge Kent, the authority cited by
the Senator from Illinois. Ho says, in speak-
ing o*f this very thing in the statute of the State
of New York, which was to defend the liberty
of every citizen ; speaking of the writ of habeas
corpus as a writ of right; speaking as a citizen
of New York, who had been a distinguished
judge of New York in the supreme court and
chancellor of the State, ho speaks of that pro-
vision as a degrading provision in reference to
ihe judges. lie says Massachusetts imposes
no such degrading penalties upon her judicial
officers. None of the States do it, it seems,
but New York, and Mississippi, who followed
perhaps the example of New York. I would
agree with the Senator from Ncw Hampshire, if
ir'were necessary in order to defend the Union
officers, to presume that, these judges would,
in violation of the law. be guilty of ihis pro-
ceeding of which he seeaks. 1 do not que---
tion the ounsluu.ionalhy of our including the
judges as well as including the officers or the
parties ; but as a question of good policy and
good legislation to stand upon the statute-
book when the hour of passion has passed, I
think it is by far better that we leave out the
judges.
Mr. STEWART. How would you reach a
case like this? An indictment has been found
against one of our officers and it is before the
judge. How will you prevent his having the
suit prosecuted ? In most of the States a
nolle prosequi cannot be entered without the
consent of the judge. He has a right, after the
suit has been brought and an indictment found,
to order the prosecution to proceed. How will
you prevent him, except by a law of this
ldnd? It is in his hands alone.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the effect
of the third section is to remove the cause into
the circuit court of the United States, and the
circuit court which has the cause can by man-
damus-ox certiorari 
Mr. STB WART. Suppose the j udge refuses
to remove the case at all from under his juris-
diction. How will you reach him?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The third section re-
moves, the cause.
Mr. STEWART. But he has jurisdiction,
and he says that this act is iinconbUMUonal,
and the case shall not be removed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The third section of
the bill removes the cause. It is the authority
of the Government in the enactment of this
section that does it.
Mr. STEWART, now will you get a certi-
fied record? He denies the constitutionality
of your act to remove the cause from the State
jurisdiction, and that is what you are going to
punish him for. He has it under his control
exclusively.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is not necessary that
you should have a certified record in order to
remove the cause, because by virtue of the act,
when the proceedings are complied with, the
cause is transferred to the circuit court.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose, then, that the
judge will not give up his record, and goes on
with the trial notwithstanding. You say it is
removed. He says, ".It is not; 1 have got
jurisdiction, and I will continue to have the
cause tried ; I will not allow a nolle prosequi,
even if the district attorney is willing: it is
under my control exclusively;" and it is. I
submit, when an indictment is found the judge
may proceed with it in any State. He can
disregard your entire law unless you punish
him for it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The third section pro-
vides :
That the right of removal from the State couitinto
the circuit court of the Vnited States, provided inlbe
fifth section of the act to which this is amendatory,
may bcexereised atterthe appearance of the defend-
ant and the Alias of his plea or ether defense in said
court, or at n.ry term of said court subsequent to the
term when the appearance is entered, and before a
jury is impaneled to try the same: bat nothing
herein contained shall bo held to abridge the riekt
of such removal after final judgment in the State
court, &c.
The removal of the cause is independent of
the judge or the court. The court cannot pre-
vent its removal.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest that the fifth
section provides for the very case that the Sen-
ator from Nevada speaks of, where the clerk
refuses to give a record, that the party shall
appear in the court of the United States, and
if the plaintiff refuses to prosecute the case,
the case shall be dismissed, and that shall be
Mr. STEWART. But. suppose the clerk has
given a certificate : suppose all that has been
done, and still the judge holds that he has the
exclusive jurisdiction. Suppose that there is
an indictment in a State court, and the judge
says he has jurisdiction, and he is going on to
trv it. Who has the control of it except the
jud^e after the indictment? Suppose he say3
that, this lull does not operate as a removal.'
Mr. HENDRICKS, The Si iiator as a law-
yer kuo.vs that tins will be the esiee* oi i. : it
the application Takes away the jurisdiction of
the State courts then the remedy, of course, if
the plaintiff persists in the case, isiuihe appel-
late courts, and finally, on an appeal, in the
Supreme Court of the United States, inasmuch
as the validity of this law, an act of Congress,
would be in question.-
Mr. STEWART. But suppose the judge
goes on and convicts the man and sends liim
to the penitentiary, lie must lie there until the
case can bo heard in the Supremo Court, three
or four years hence.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How can ho send him
to the penitentiary? No officer is allowed to
do it. Will the judge put him there himself?
Mr. STEWART. The judge can order the
officer to put him there.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What if he does if the
officer cannot, put him there? If every officer
to execute a decree of the court is made respon-
sible, how can the judge do it?
Mr. STEWART. The judge has jurisdiction
over the officer, and he can order liiui to do it,
and if he does not do it the judge can call upon
the power of the State if he has jurisdiction.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to make but one sug-
gestion in answer to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, and that is one of fact. lie says if it were
neccssary that these judges should be proceeded
against hewonldnotobjeet. I hold-in my hand
a communication from a member of the other
House from Kentucky, in which he says that
all the judicial districts of Kentucky, with the
exception of one, a re in the hands of sympa-
thizing judges. They entirely disregard the
act to which this is an amendment. They refuse
to allow the transfer, and proceed against these
men as if nothing had taken place. Here is
not the assumption that these judges will not,
do this ; hero is the fact that they do not do it,
and it is necessary that those men should be
protected.
Mr. SAULSBURY. It is about the hour
of adjournment, and I move that the Senate
adjourn^
Several Senators. Let us take a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are other bills
behind this which it is important for us to act
up5n, and we ought to dispose of this bill
to-night.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will not insist on the
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin, to strike
out the word "judges," in the fourth section,
of the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
nuiv is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Delaware, to strike out the fourth
section.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope I shall not be
thought hostile to this bill by offering one
more amendment, which is to add to the first
section the following words, which I will read:
And in any suit or prosecution to which Lhepro-
viMons of tins act or the act to which this act is an
amendment apply, it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of War to assume and carry on the defense
tlicieof, at the expense of the United States, and to
indemnity and save harmless any defendant or re-
spondent therein from all damages, tines, costs, and
expenses arising therefrom.
I hope that this will commend itself to the
good sense of the Senate as an appropriate
amendment, because it secures to the soldier
who, in obedience to orders, has done his cluty,
that protection wliicli wc all believe he is en-
titled to, the protection not only of the word
and of the law of the Government, but the
protection of its arms and its pocket, in reliev-
ing him from litigation which, even if success-
ful, to him in the end would be almost as
ruinous defeet.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
amendment read at the desk.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am sure my friend irom
■ Venn out eon hi not understood the onect
I of such a provision upon the financial condi-
i tion of the country. If the L'nited States may
| be sued in the United States courts, there will
! be people who will sue the U mted States when
