2064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
they would not bring suits against individuals.
The effect of this amendment is to enable any-
body to sue the United States for any transac-
tion that has occurred during the recent war,
because, although John Doe, or Richard Roe.
or some nominal defendant, may be made the
party defendant, yet, if the United States is to
assume beforehand to conduct the defense of
all suits that may be brought against these per-
sons for any acts done during the war, and
then the United States is riot only to pay the
expense of defending the suits, but to pay the
judgments of the courts in all the various suits,
it would be necessary for us to consider this
bill in the Committee on Finance a little while
and to provide ways and means to meet the
judgments that may be rendered in cases of
this kind. It seems to me we had better leave
the defendant upon his trial, giving him the
privilege of taking the case to the United States
courts, there to be tried. There may be cases
where the United States may, by appropria-
tions to be hereafter made, indemnify the de-
fendant; but it seems to me we ought not to
invite that kind of litigation. It is well known
that if the United States is a defendant in a
suit, even an honest jury will give a much
larger verdict against the United States than
as against an individual. At any rate, it seems
to me a proposition of this kind to assume the
defense of all these cases and to guaranty be-
forehand the judgment that may be rendered
in them, would be rather an expensive opera-
tion.
Mr. EDMUXDS. I do not know but that it
would be an expensive operation. The putting
down a rebellion and sustaining the Govern-
ment of the country is always an expensive
operation: but I had supposed, from the course
of this debate, that the question under con-
sideration was. the protection of the officers
of the Government at whatever a^ost, irre-
spective of any question of finance or of mere
pecuniary policy. We have gone upon the
theory, and the correct theory, that it is a posi-
tive and solemn duty imposed upon the Con-
gress of the United States to protect the offi-
cers and men who hove executed its authority.
If that theory is correct, and in my judgment
it is correct, then most certainly we ought to
make that protection something more than a
delusion and show. We cannot logically or
justly stop by merely declaring that the man
on his own account, who has obeyed our author-
ity. shall defend himself in years of litigation
at his own expense. It is not his duty to do
it. If he has obeyed our orders and has exe-
cuted our will, is it not our duty, above all con-
siderations of cost, to defend him? Do we
defend him when we merely impose upon him
the obligation of defending himself? We have
slopped his jjay ; we ha\ e discharged him from
the Army; we hate driven him to rely upon
his own exertions to obtain his livelihood, and
have left him in the excess and magnificence
of 0111 g1 atitude a lawsuit as a pension. I
am not di-posed to stop theie. I agree that
the question which my friend from Ohio has
raised is serious: but I do not believe that
because it is serious we ought to shirk upon
some future Congress, who.?e opinions upon
this question we cannot forecast, the responsi-
bility at last of doing the soldier justice. Let
us do it now. when we have the power.
Mr. ILLIAMS. I wish to make one or
two suggestions on this proposed amendment.
It seems to me that its tendency would be to
encourage litigation, and to induce persons
who suppose they have claims growing out of
the war to prosecute those claims with the
assurance that any recovery would be settled
by the United States because the United States
makes itself responsible to the claimants. I
think, in the second place, that theie is dan-
tier that there may be collusion between the
piaintitr and defendant. If it is understood
that any judgment that may be recovered by
a p;ii ty when he sues another that has acted
a- an officer v. ill lie paid by the United States,
there is danger that there may be collusion
between the parties, and judgment suffered to
go by default or without making the necessary
defense.
It seems to me that if an officer honestly and
fairly defends himself in a suit of this descrip-
tion and he fails, and judgment is rendered
against him, upon an application to Congress
he will obtain relief. 1 believe it is the prac-
tice of Congress, where an officer, either civil
or military, undertakes faithfully to discharge
the duties of his office, and is subjected to
expense in consequence of his efforts, to indem-
nify thai officer upon special application ^ and
upon such an application the facts can be
examined. But to assume beforehand, while
this litigation is threatened, that the United
States in every case will pay the judgment that
may be recovered and assume the defense
of the action, it seems to me, is putting the
finances of the country to some extent into
the hands of private speculators arid-persons
who might expect to make gain by these trans-
actions.
Mr. HOWE. For a part of this amendment,
it seems to me, I should vote with a good deal
of pleasure. I do think that the Government,
if it undertakes to protect these parties, should
make that protection efficient; I do think the
Government should undertake the defense of
the class of cases which are provided for'in
this first section; and if it stopped there, if,
instead of directing the Secretary of War, it
directed the Attorney General to assume the
defense of these cases, leaving the respondents
in them to apply to Congress for the payment
of the judgment, if a judgment was recovered,
it seems to me I should vote for it. I do not
see any objection to that. I think the Attorney
General is the officer who should direct tke
defense rather than the Secretary of War: and
I think as far as we ought to go now is to lend
the aid of the prosecuting officer of the Gov-
ernment to the respondent in managing the
defense, but to leave the question of paying
any judgment, if a judgment is recovered, to
the future consideration of Congress.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, if it is
right for us, as it seems in the judgment of the
Senate to be right, to declare in advance by a
decree of the Senate that the commission of
any of these acts which have been pertormed
is lawful, and therefore in effect to declare that
the United States adopts and justifies every one
of these acts over which the bill reaches, then
where is the middle ground upon which we can
rightfully pause and say, that having adopted
these acts as our own, having justified them by
our enactment, we will still turn the poor s l-
dier over to the tender mercies of his own
ability to cany on his lawsuit and leave him
to appeal to some future representatives of the
people, whose opinions toward him may not
be so favorable as our own, for his final recom-
pense? It appears to me that we cannot rightly
do it. It appears to me that in the case of a
soldier or an officer who is brought to answer
in a tribunal of a State or in a tribunal of the
United States, when we justify his act and make
it our own. we ought to defend that act at our
own expense, and if it turns out that the act
was an invasion of private rights, so that the
private citizen is lawfully entitled to redress
therefor, it is we, and not the soldier or officer,
who ought to make the compensation ; and we
ought logically and rightly, when we create the
deiense, to provide the means now and here
of making that defense effectual.
The oiheer or the soldier may succeed in his
defence: but how does he succeed, and at
what expense? At the expense of years of
h.iarntion. at the expense of a ruin to him
which is almost as complete as would be the
ruin of defeat. Now, can we not trust the war
branch of the Government, charged with the
department of military affairs, in whose rec-
ords is to be found the authority for these
very acts, and under whose supervision and
control every one of them has been performed?
1 ask, can we not trust such a Department with
the supervision of this defense, and leave it to
that Department to exercise the duty, asit ought
to be the pleasure, of the Government and the
people to see that the soldier and the officer
go scot free from trouble and expense, as well
as from litigation.
Mr. GUTHRiE. Mr. President, the first
section of this bill proceeds upon the predica-
tion that every individual who was engaged in
the Army, and acted under orders of his supe-
rior was acting in the line of his duty, and act-
ing innocently, and is entitled to protection,
and vve interpose it by this section, carrying it
further than we did in 18G3, for then we only
made it a protection to the President and
some of the principal officers. Now we pro-
pose to protect those who did any .act under
the order of any military officer of the United
States holding the command of any military
department, district, or place in which any—
Seizure, arrest, or imprisonment was made, done,
or committed, or any acts were so omitted to be done,
either by the person or officer to whom the order is
addressed, or by any other person aiding or assisting
him.
You grant the protection of the Government
to all individuals who obeyed their superior.
officers; you interpose that order as a protec-
tion to them, as a defense for the acts for which
they may be sued. If it so chances that they
had no such orders, or that they did the acts
complained of willfully and maliciously, and it
is so proved to a jury, there will be verdicts
against them, I have no doubt.
Xow, I think we have carried this a little
too far ; we have made it broader than we need
do. That is my principal objection to the bill.
While this exemption was confined to the higher
officers and the military policy of the Govern-
ment, as proclaimed and ordered to be carried
out by them, I thought it was fair enough and
right enough. But after you have interposed
these orders as a justification for your officers,
"and yet on trial they are convicted, I am not
for paying the expenses of trial nor for paying
the verdicts out of the Treasury ; and I do not
want it to be held out that any other Congress
may be appealed to to pay those judgments.
That is not a principle that I wish to establish
on the heel of this civil war; and I hope that
the amendment nowpendingwill not be adopted.
I think we are not prepared tor it. 1 am per-
fectly certain that there are a great many places
in the United States where there would be heavy
verdicts against the officers if it was understood
that the Government would pay them ; and the
plaintiffs and defendants would understand each
other before they got through with these mat-
ters. I have no doubt about that.
It is a question with me whether without this
act it is not a defense that the thing complained
of was done under the authority of the order
of a superior and that it was necessary to he
done under that authority. I am sure tiiat our
district judge in Kentucky would hold it a de-
fense that it was done in pursuance of orders
of a superior. Judge Graham has been re-
ferred to as having decided that the confed-
erate soldiers who seized property under the
order of General Simon Bolivar Buekner were
protected by that superior order, and Judge
Robertson, of the supreme court of Kentucky,
affirmed the decision, which is now before the
Supreme Court of the United States, and he
is one of our ablest jurists. I am sure he
would not have confirmed Judge Graham's
decision unless he had believed there was fall
foundation in law for it, and I do not believe
either of them would allow a recovery where
the party had the orders of a superior officer
in the Federal Army. I think a man in the
service of his country, and bound to obey, is
protected by the order of his superior ofiiccr,
and cannot be held either criminally or civilly
responsible for it. lie ought not to be, and
that is the justification of this act.
Kentucky is a fruitful place for precedents,
as I find here. I did not know when 1^ left
home that there was a single solitary suit of this
character in t he city of Louisville. I have heard
of some suits in other parts of the State, and
there have been some criminal suits. 1 he :on-
federatn soldiers came in and they took horses
and they alleged that they were sent in by their
superior officers; and in some parts of the State
