3024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 7,
gentleman ftom Wisconsin [Mr. Et,t>ridge]
to move to reconsider the vote by which the
main question was ordered, and a motion was
made to lay that motion on the table. No
further debate is therefore in order.
Mr. ELDBIDGE. Then I withdraw my
motion and resign the floor to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kellby.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is known
to every member of the House that it is not
desired by anybody to maintain the present
navv-yard at Philadelphia* after League Island
shall be accepted.
The original proposition which I submitted
to this House contained a clause for the sale
of that yard ; but the bill leported by the
Naval Committee docs not appear to have em-
bodied that clause. I regret it exceedingly,
and I would gladly have the bill amended by
the proposition of the gentleman from Wis-
consin so as to add his proviso; which is as
follows :
Provided, That if League Island bo selected, tho
navy-yard at Philadelphia shall bo dispensed with
ami disposed of by the United States as soon as the
public convenience will admit.
i would 1)0 glad if Congress could give such
an expression of its opinion, and thus sanction
what the tSccrctary of the Navy has so con-
stantly pressed upon us and upon the people of
Philadelphia, and that which they so ardently
desire, the removal of the small yard which
obstructs several of their main streets and im-
pedes the commercial growth ol'the city.
Mr. KLDK1DGE. Will the gentleman let
mc offer that amendment ?
Mr. KULLEY. 1 cannot yield further at this
time, as the gentleman's proposition would re-
quire unanimous consent, and the gentleman
troin Connecticut, stands there ready to object
to it. Let me say a word further. This 'bill
doi'K not ask the Government to accept League
Island without a full investigation. But, it does
n,sk llie appointment of a commission to pass
upon if, beiure it accepts tin.' title.
Mr. 101;!)!!11)(! 10. \\ ill tin; gentleman fnnn
IVnnsvIvnnia now yield me the floor to make
the motion to reconsider?
Air. KKLU0\ . I will yield the residue of
my time to the gentleman from Wisconsin for
whatever purpose lie pleases.
Mr. iOLDltl DC 10. i move to roconsidcrtho
voio by which llio mum question was ordered.
.Mr, ISUAN I)J0(! 1*jK. 1 move to lay tlio mo-
tion io reconsider on the table.
The question was jmt; atuUhcro wore—ayes
2">, Does 7 i.
Ko i he J louse refused to lay ilia motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The motion by which the nmin question was
ordered was then reconsidered.
The question reeurred upon seconding tlio
demand for the previous question.
Mr. K13LU3Y. J withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Air. ELDUJDCSK. I move to amend the
bill by offering thereto the following proviso:
Prooklfd, That if Luajyuo Island bo selected, the
navv-yard at Pltilailo.ljihm shall ho dispensed wilU
and dinned oJt by tho United {Status as soon a« the
public coiivonionoo will admit.
Upon that amendment and upon the hill I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Elptupge'*
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BraxdiiguuV; substitute was then read,
as follows:
Whereas various Htcs on or near the Atlantic sea- ;
board have been offered to tho Government of tlio
l'listed {States for naval purposes with special ref-
erence to the repair, coiibtruction, ai«d l;i>irii£ up in
ordinary of iron vessels; and whereas it is eminently
desirable thai the best site should lie selected by the
tTovernment lor the purpose named: Therefore,
lie itre^o! vkd h/the tie stale and House of Jupr< br*if<r-
ttvrf of the United States of America in Cnnttrcw aiscm-
That the President of tho United States he, and
he it> hereby, authorized and directed to appoint a
of not less than seven competent oliieeix
and engineers, whose duty it shall bo to make careful
exummaJ ion and survey of each 01 said proposed
sites, and to report to Congress the comparative ad-
vantages or disadvantages of each, and by the selec-
tion ot which the puolic interests will best be pro-
moted.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. .Rice, of Massachusetts, to the
. substitute offered by Mr. Bbandegee, to strike
out the words—
And to report to Congress the comparative advan-
tages or disadvantages of each, and by the selection
of which the public interests will be best promoted—
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby author-
ized to receive and accept, in behalf of tho Govern-
ment of tho United States for naval purposes, tho
title to the site which shall be recommended by a
majority of said board as best adapted for said pur-
pose : Provided, That a peifect and indefeasible title
shall bo guarantied to the United States, and such
an amount of land, without cost to the United States,
and including tho use and control of such riparian
rights and privileges, and of such channels and wa-
ters adjacent, as in the judgment of tho said board
may bo necessary arid sufficient for the use of tho
Government for the puipoaes contemplated.
The question was taken on the amendment
of the substitute ; and it was agreed to—ayes
eighty-live, noes not counted.
Tho question recurred on the substitute as
amended; and being put, there were—ayes 51,
noes 01.
< Mr. BRANDEGEE. I think this is a ques-
tion of sufficient importance for us to have the
yeas and nays upon it, and I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas f>5, nays (>-1, not voting
<>•4 ; as follows:
YEAS —Mow. Alloy, T>c\on II. Ashley, "Baker,
Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beamnn, Bcrgeu, Blaine,
Houtwcll, iirandegee, Bromwell, Sidney Clarke,
Conkling, Octrees, Eliot, Finek, Gariiehl, Glider,
Griswold. Ilsde, Aaron Harding, IFnrvis, Henderson,
lligby, jlooper, Asaliel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
jluhbard, John II. Hubbard, James M. Humphrey,
Jenekes, Ketehani, Kuykendnli, Marshal], jVleCul-
lough, MeUuer, iUorrfll, Mori is, jMoulton, Pheljjs,
William Jl. ltandall, Alexander J L llice, Ilitter, IIoi-
linss. Rousseau, Sdicnck, Sliellnhaigei, Sloan, Smith,
Spnlduicr, Taylor, John L. Thomas Thointon, Up^ou,
and Wright— ;V>. ■
NAVS — Messrs. Allison, Ancona, James M.-Ash-
ley, Barker, Bidwell, l>uigharn, Boyer, lhiekland,
Chanler, Bender W.-Cinrke, Cobb, CoU'roth. Cullom,
Dawson, Bodcre, Donnelly, Dnggs, Dumont, I'-ekley,
ylo^tiMi, Eidudiie, i^auiiihar, Glo.^^bieuriei. Grin-
nell. Aimer C ihodiug, ilnye^, Iiou;m, Holmes,
James lv. Ifubbell, Juii in, Kelley, Kelso, Latliam,
George V. Lawrence. Bo l>!ond,Loan, Longyear. Mar-
vin, JMcCluii?, MoKeo, Meruur, jMooihead, iuvcr*,
Newell, Kibiack. Nicholson, O'iSeiil, Otth, Pike,
Samuel J. Randall, Itocrers, Boss, Sawyer, Scofield,
Sit«:rea\es, Taber, Thaver, Troubildge, Van Aer-
mun, Welkcr, "Whaley^Williams, James E. Wilbon,
and Stephen F. Wilson—Gi,
NOT VOTING—Me-Ms. Ames Anderson, Benja-
min, Blow, Broomal), Bundy, Cook, Culler, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Dennns, Denison, Divon,
Farjiswortii, Fenv, (Joodyear, ilart, Hill, Holchkis^,
Deiuas Hubbard, 1*1 win N. Ilubbeil, IJiilburd, James
Hiniiphrey, Inger^oll, Johnson, J ones, Ka.-son, Keir,
Lallin. William Lawrence, Lynch, j\I;uMon, Mohi-
doe, Miller, Noeil. Paine. Batler.-on. i'erhain, Planls,
J'oniei 'iv, lMec, U.Kli'md, Raymond, .John H. Rice,
ShankliH, Starr, Ste\en«, ihvt'il, S'^ou^e, Fiar-c.is
Thomas, Trimble, Burt. Van Horn, Robert T, Van
lloin, Mrard, Wainer, Blihu B. Wa-^hbuine, Homy
l>. Washburn, William ii. Washburn, Wentworth,
Wiudom, Wrinfield, and Woodbridgc—Gi.
fio the substitute was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. B HANDEGEE said : My colleague, Mr.
Ddmln'G, is detained a!, home by sickness in his
family.
Mr. IjAFLIN said: I desire to state that I
am paired on this question with my colleague,
Mr. Davis,
Mr. PERU AM said: On this question T am
paired with Mr. Mn-i.En* Were lie present lie
would vote in the negative and I should voLc
in the affirmative.
Mr. KAYMOND said: I am paired wiih Mr.
Srri;vi:5rts, who. if present, would vote in the
negative on this question, while I would vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. TiiOWBiUDGE said: My colleague,
Mr. h'erj'.y, who has been suffering from in-
disposition for several days, has been obliged
to leave the House to-day on account of sick-
ness.
-Mr. "W7NDOM said: I am paired with Mr.
Kkmo, of Maine.
Mr. ANTCONA said: One of my colleagues,
Mr. Johxbox, is paired with Mr. Dixox and
anoihei of my colleagues, Mr. Stuocki;, is
paired with Mr. Vasiibprx, of Mussaehusefts.
Both my colleagues, if present, would vote
against this substitute and for the bill.
Mr. BBANDEGEE said: My colleague, Mr.
Warner, is detained from his seat on account
of indisposition. If he were present he would
vote in favor of the substitute.
The result of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
Mr. KiiLLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the substitute was disagreed to ; and
also moved that tho motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The question was upon reading the bill the
third time.
Mr. TAYLOR, called for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
Tho SPEAKEK. The engrossed bili is not
upon the Clerk's desk at present.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the House adjourn, and upon that ques-
tion I call the yeas and nays. By the time they
are taken the engrossed bill will be here.
Mr. BEANDEGEE. ? I appeal to ray friend
from New York [Mr. Taylor] to withdraw
his call for the reading of the engrossed bill.
Let us take the vote upon the passage of the
bill by yeas and nays, and if the majority of
the House are in favor of passing the bill, then
let them pass it.
Mr. TAYLOR. Very well; I will withdraw
my call for the reading of the engrossed bill.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. And I
will withdraw my motion to adjourn.
Tho bill, asamonded, was then read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the bill.
ill-. BRANDEGEE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tlio question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 4(5, not voting
Gti; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Allison, Ancona,,.TamesM.Ashley,
Banks, Barker, ]3i(lwi-H,£mgh;im, lloyer, Buckiaml,
Ueiidur W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cofhoth,
Oulinm, IKxl^o^ Donnelly, fhimont, i'lekloy,
Ks'pjeston, ISldrklse. Eliot, Farquhar, Glossbremicr,
Uriunell, OriMvolrl, Aimer 0. Harding, ilart, Hayes,
llemlelrfon, iloKan, iiulmcs, Ciie^ter 1). Hubbard,
James It. Ilubbeil, Julian, ICellry, Kolso, Kerr,
Gooi'so V. Lasvrenee, William Laurence, I.e liloml.
Loan, Lon?you\ Marvin, McClura-, jMcCiiiionsli,
MclCco, Mcrc-ur, Moorhcad, Myer,=, Mewcl!, N iblaek,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Phelps, Pike, Samuel J. IlaiKhill,
Alexander II. lliee, l;.o,reilawyer, 8colieid, Hit-
greaves, Taber, Thayer, Trowbiiike, Welker, AYha-
IWiliiams, James l'\ Wilson, and Stephen i1. Wil-
son—71.
NA YtS — Jle.-Krs. Alley. Dolos It. Ashley, Baker,
Baldwin,Baxrer, Beamais. Bergen, Blaine, Boutwell,
Brandegee,^ Bromwell, Colliding, IMrees, Delano,
lunck, Uarlield, Uririer, Hale, Aaron Harding, Har-
ris, Hooper, Asahcl W. Ilubbanl, Joltn It. Hi'bl)ard,
James Humphrey. James M, Hunmhrey, Jonckos,
Ketcham, Kuykendail, Marshall, MeRuer, Moirill,
Morris, Sloulton, William II. llnndall, Ilitter, ltot-
lins, Ko?s, Eoureeau, Sehenek, Shcllabarger, Bmith,
Spaldinff, Taylor, Thornton, Upson, Van Aernam,
ami W right—|S.
NiOT VOTIKG—Mossis. Ames, Anderson, Benja-
min,Blow,Broomal!, Bandy, Chanter, Cook, Culver,
burd, JngersoB. Johnson, Jones, Kasson, La,flin, La-
tham, Lynch, llaitdon, Alclndoe, Miller, Jfoell.Orth,
worth, Vt'iiwlom, Vvrinficld, and Woodbriclto—lio.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. LATHAM said: On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from Maryland, Mr.
Jons L. Thomas. If he had been present he
would have voted against the bill, and I would
have voted for it.
Mr. RAYMOND said: I am "paired on this
question with Mr. Stbtioxs. He is in favor of
tho bill, and 1 am opposed to it.
Mr. LAJ/LIN said: I am paired with my
colleague, Mr, Davis ; if ho had been present
he would have voted lor the bill, and 1 would
have voted against ft.
