3984
THE CONG-BESSIOIfAL.GrLOBB.
July20,
"man to the fact, if I am not incorrect in my
'memory, that tiie word "recess" is not used
in the Constitution.
Mr. ORTH. Oh, yes it is.
Mr. GA.RPIELD. I do not mean that it is
not used at all, but it is not used..in reference
to this thing called adjournment. The word
" adjournment" is used. It speaks of Con-
gress not adjourning for more than three days.
For instance, if we should take what the gen-
tleman calls a recess from now until Wednes-
day next that is what the Constitution would
call, not a recess, but an adjournment. It
occurs to me that the gentleman has based his
argument on a misapprehension of the facts.
Mr. ORTH. The trouble is that the gentle-
man from Ohio confounds the terms '' adjourn-
ment '' and 1' recess.'' If the House agrees to
separate and come together on the first Mon-
day in November, that is not an adjournment.
Mr. GrARFIELD. The Constitution calls
it so.
Mr. KASSON. The Constitution says that
neither House during a session of Congress
shall, without the consent of the other, ad-
journ for more than three days. I will say
that this clause of the Constitution gives me
more trouble in regard to the resolution of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
in the point of view suggested by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] than
any other. Ilis resolution concludes with the
words, "who are hereby authorized" to do so
and so. That is the language of law. And the
two Houses cannot certainly get an enlarge-
ment of their powers in this regard except
by a change in the Constitution or in the law.
There is a distinction between an adjournment
by the two Houses and an adjournment to be
regulated and determined by two individuals.
Can we any more confer this power upon the
Presiding Officers of the two Houses than we
could upon any two members of the House?
Could we move to adjourn until such time as
the gentleman from Indiana and the gentleman
from Massachusetts should call us together?
Again, can you do this thing by a concur-
rent resolution ? Can you do it except by a law
requiring the signature of the President?
Mr. ORTH. With regard to the word "ad-
journment, "the gentleman from Iowa will rec-
ollcct that the Constitution uses the word "re-
cess" in speaking of the power of the Presi-
dent to fill vacancies occurring during the re-
cess of Congress. What does that mean? When
we adjourn for three days, has the President
the1 power to fill vacancies? Does not the
provision apply to the entire absence of Con-
gress from these Halls?
Mr. KASSON. I answer thdt the recess is
the time between the adjournment of Congress
at one session and its regular meeting at the
next.
Mr. ORTH. Then I do not understand that
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kassox] takes
the position of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
0 an field, ] that when the House adjourns for
three days, it is a recess, but that beyond that
time it is an adjournment.
Mr. GARFIELD. According to the Consti-
tution a recess is the time between the two reg-
ular sessions of a Congress. Prom when the
first session of a Congress ends to until the time
when, under the Constitution, Congress meets
again, is known as the recess. But all other
intermissions, whether from now until to-mor-
row, or from now until the day after to-morrow,
are adjournments. If I should move that the
House adjourn from to-day until Wednesday
next, it would be an adjournment, and so, if i
should move to adjourn to meet on the first
Saturday in December next it would be an
adjournment. But if we should authorize the
Speaker 
Mr. STEVEN'S. I think this question has
been very thoroughly examined, and I trust we
shall not waste further time upon it.
Mr. ORTII. As I hold the floor by the court-
esy of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stotens] I must decline to yield to farther in-
terruption.
I will remark in conclusion that I believe I
have said about all I intended to say in answer-
ing the various questions that have been sug-
gested by members. I believe we have the
power'to adjourn or to take a recess, (and
those terms are used indifferently in the Con-
stitution) from now until any time in the fu-
ture, short of the first Monday in December
next, when by the law as. it now stands we
must again assemble, and it is simply pro-
posed to authorize the Sliding Officers of
the two Houses to termmate that recess by
giving notice to members to reassemble on a
given day; to authorize them to do precisely
what we can do ourselves; to leave to their
discretion, instead of naming it in the reso-
lution, to reassemble Congress when in their
opinion an extraordinary occasion or emer-
gency requires it. It is like the power given
every session of Congress to the Presiding
Officers of the two Houses to adjourn Con-
gress, to take charge of public property, and
to do a hundred other things that are done.
Mr. STEVENS. I have but few words to
say, and then I hope we will take a vote upon
this preliminary question.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will my colleague [Mr.
Stevexs] yield to me for a few moments ?
Mr. STEVENS. For how long?
Mr. JOHNSON, For two or three minutes
only.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well; I will yield.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to one or two points in con-
nection with this question. I first ask the
attention of the House to a clause of the Con-
stitution which has already been read; that
'■'Congress shall assemble at least once in every
year, and such meeting shall be on the first
Monday in December, unless they shall by law
appoint a different day." It is to be observed
that "unless they shall by law appoint" —
what? Some one else to fix the day of meet-
ing? Not at all. There is no authority any-
where in this Constitution for members of
Congress who hold delegated powers under a
delegated Government to delegate those pow-
ers to any other person orpersons whatsoever.
But there is a clause which says they shall have
power to adjourn until the first Monday in the
next ensuing December, " unless they shall by
law appoint a different day." And that is the
only appointment that we have authority to
make. It is not the party to fix the day, but
the day itself that we are required to appoint.
It is very true that this resolution suggests a
day, the first Saturday in December next; and
then it makes an exception—unless certain
persons shall call Congress together at a differ-
ent day. Now, I take it that if we have au-
thority to say that the Speaker of the House
of Representatives, and the Presiding Officer
of the Senate, whoever those Presiding Officers
may be, shall have the power to call us together,
then we have the right to say that some man
in the city of New York, or in the city of St.
Louis, may call us together whenever he may
see proper. By authority of the o(B«es which
the Speaker of the House and the President
pro tempore of the Senate hold, they have no
authority under the Constitution to fix the day
when Congress shall reassemble. And if they
have no such power, then you may as well
name John Smith or John Brown to fix that
day of meeting as to'name any other person.
"John Brown still lives," we are told; John
Smith is alive, I know. [Laughter.]
The question of a recess or of an adjourn-
ment are different propositions ; but I will not
stop to argue them now. We are wandering
from the question. This debate so far has been
upon the proposition whether we have the right
to pass a law fixing the time when these Pre-
siding Officers shall call us together. We are
not proposing to pass a law, because a concur-
rent resolution is not a law. The question,
therefore, comes hack to the one before the
House, which is,_ is this resolution a privileged
question? If it is, as I argue, a question upon
which we have no authority to act at all, then
it is not a privileged question. It seems to me
clear, sir, that if we have not the authority to
adopt this resolution when we get it before the
House, then, surely, it is not a question of
privilege under the rules, and has no right to
take precedence of all other business.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to say but a few
words, and then I shall ask a vote on this pre-
liminary question.
In the first place no ©ne doubts that we have
the right to fix a future day to which we shall
adjourn. In the second place, it cannot, I
think, be denied that during this period between
the adjournment of Congress and tlie time which
it fixes for reassembling—no matter whether
you call it an adjournment or a recess—the
power of the President is restricted as it is
while Congress is in session. And this is the
object which I have in presenting this resolu-
tion. I do not pretend to deny it. I do not
wish to leave honest men to be the victims
of the President's unchecked power during a
vacation of Congress.
Now, sir, there being no question asto the
power of Congress to name as the period for
its reassembling any time which it may think
the emergency calls for, have we the right to
delegate this power and authorize any one else
to judge of the emergency which may'require
that Congress shall be convened? Sir, the au-
thority of Congress, as of all legislative bodies,
is very different from the authority vested in
executive officers. When an executive officer
has particular powers delegated to him, he is
restricted to the exercise of thosepowers. But
a legislative body—this body as well as every
other legislative body—has, under the well-
known principles of the common law, all the
powers necessary for the Legislature of a free
Government, whether those powers be enu-
merated or not, except so far as any power may
be expressly denied by some restriction of the
organic law. Whatever power, then, is neces-
sary for a legislative body this Congress has
it, unless it is expressly prohibited by the or-
ganic law. No delegation of power is required.
There are certain powers inherent in every
legislative body, as much as the right of emi-
nent domain or anything of that kind. This is
a principle old and well understood.
In view of this principle, I hold that there
is nothing to restrain Congress from authoriz-
ing even the Doorkeeper, if they choose, to
convene Congress upon an emergency, Mr.
Speaker, how unwise and how fatal it would
be if we were not vested with this power!
There may be times, there are times, when we
are in the midst of a revolution, and when the
duty devolving upon a particular officer to call
Congress together may not be by him exercised
—when it may not be for his interests or for
the interests of bis schemes to have Congress
in session. And yet the whole safety of our
country may depend upon our assembling here,
if a particular emergency should arise And
is it to be said that Congress, adjourning to a
given time, cannot pro vide for this emergency,
so imminent—nay, palpable as the sun in the
heaven; that we are to prostrate ourselves as
helpless victims at the feet of conspirators by
saying that no one but the President has power
to convene us? We ourselves must fix the
organ by which we are to be convened, or, how-
ever grave the exigency, we shall never he called
together.
Suppose there were a coup d'tlat. I am sup-
posing what may well happen—what has hap-
pened in other countries and made it neces-
sary for legislative bodies to declare themselves
in session en permanence. Suppose anything
of that kind should happen—I hope it may not,
but I dread it—are we to have our hands tied,
with nobody able to sound the alarm and call
us together? Why, sir, Congress would be a
very impotent body if we were in that helpless
condition.
Now, sir, I am in favor of conferring this
power upon some one in whom we can have
confidence. If any better depositary can be
found for it than that named in my resolution,
very well. If gentlemen prefer that this au-
thority should be intrusted to the Chief Justice
