1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
we indicted them for stealing, and _ convicted
them, and sent them to the penitentiary. Our
Executive released all that class of men on the
principle that they had acted under orders,
whether right or wrong. We had both armies,
as you all know, there ; the confederate army
was upon us, and the Federal army, was upon
us, and we were pretty unceremoniously treated
by both sides. Then we have had guerrillas.
Oar people like to fight out their rights in the
old way, and they love a lawsuit, I believe, for
the excitement and the luxnry of it, [laughter,]
and we would get all right if you would just
give us back the courts and let us fight it out
in the tribunals. We will never get right short
of them, and I do not believe the United States
will get right until we restore the writ of habeas
corpus, restore the right of suits for all wrongs
that infringe a man's personal rights or his
property. But I am decidedly against this
amendment, tacking this system of expendi-
ture at the close of the war on the finances of
the country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have only this to say in
reply to the honorable Senator from Kentucky:
that I think from what I understood of his re-
marks that he misapprehends the scope of the
amendment which I had the honor to offer.
• That amendment is confined literally and ex-
actly to the scope of the enacting section of the
bill, if I may so term it, and it pledges the faith
of the Government to defend only those acts
which are provided for in the first section,
and which the friends of this bill declare, and
I hope rightfully declare, are only those acts
which were lawfully done pursuant to lawful
authority. My amendment, therefore, only goes
to the same extent that the bill itself goes, and
that is to provide for the payment of whatever
may be necessary to protect the officer or the
soldier in the discharge of his duty, and not to
provide for payment or indemnity to the officer
or the soldier who exceeds his duty; and unless
the first section has a construction much broader
than that which has been elaimed for it, the
amendment which I proposed has only the con-
struction which 1 give to it. That is the whole
of the story. This amendment is conceived for
the purpose, and it will answer the purpose,
and in my judgment no other part of this bill
will answer the purpose, of fulfilling the duty
which this Government owes to its executive
agents, who in pursuance of its authority and not
in excess of its authority have executed its will.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ I hope we shall have
a vote 011 this bill to-night, and therefore I do
not intend to occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate for move than a moment. Though I have
not considered the subject very carefully, Hike
the purpose of the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Vermont. I do not think it
would be safe to adopt this amendment. I
think a proposition so important in its effects
upon the Treasury of the country ought to be
very carefully considered by some proper com-
mittee of the body, and therefore, although I
might approve of the purpose of the mover, I
cannot vote for an amendment coming before
us under circumstances that prevent our con-
sidering it with that care with which it ought
to be considered. Therefore I shall not vote
for the- amendment.
But there is this view to be taken: if the offi-
cer acts under an order which is legal and right,
that is a defense to him. If he acts under an
order which was not legal and not right, then
the roan who is injured by this wrongful act
ought to have some remedy; and if the officer
in executing the order has acted in good faith
he ought to be protected. Now, protected by
whom ? Protected at the expense of the hon-
est citizen who is wronged, or protected at the
expense of the Government, for whose benefit
he honestly and in good faith did the act? I
think at the expense of the Government, and
therefore 1 am inclined to agree with the Sen-
ator from Vermont, in his purpose ; but! can-
not vote for the amendment under the circum-
stances. . „
ilr. HOWE. If the Senator from Vermont
will accept this in lieu of his amendment, I
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 130.
should like to have him do so; if not I will
move it as an amendment to his amendment:
And in any suit or prosecution to which.the pro-
visions of this aet or the act to which this act is an
amendment apply, it shall be the duty of the Attor-
ney General a.nd of the several district attorneys of
the United States in the several districts, at the re-
quest of the respondent, to assume and carry on the
defense of such action, after such action shall be
removed into any of the courts of the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot accept the modi-
fication proposed by my friend from Wisconsin,
because it fails to come up to the logical and
just consequences of the bill which we are about
to pass; it only goes half way. It admits our
obligation to protect this man, but says we will
only protect him at half expense ourselves and
half expense to him, as we propose to remedy
the cases of the iron-clad operations. I do not
want to meet them in that way. Therefore I
shall not accept the modification.
Mr. HOWE. I move this as an amendment
to the amendment. ["Nol" "No!"] Very
well, at the suggestion of the Senators, I will
let the vote be taken on the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont, and if that be rejected
I shall offer this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques:
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Vermont.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWE. Now, I offer this to come in
at the same place:
And in any suit or prosecution to which the pro-
visions of this act, or the act to which this act is an
amendment apply, it shall be the duty of the Attor-
ney General and of the several district attorneys of
the United States in the several districts, at the re-
quest of the respondent, to assume and carry on tho
defense of such action after such action shall be
removed into any of the courts of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this amendment be
adopted, the effect will be that if the defend-
ant in any suit asserts that he did the act com-
plained of under or by virtue of an order of
an officer, that will compel the United States
to assume the defense of that suit, whether the
allegation be true or false, it seems to me we
ought not to do so. A mere allegation before-
hand of a fact of that kind, which maybe false,
ipay be known to be false, and shown to be
false, ought not to compel the United States to
assume the defense of that person.
Mr. HOWE. No, Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Ohio misunderstands the effect of
the amendment. The question, whether the
particular cause comes within the purview of
the first section is determined before the cause
gets into the cireut court of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; if the defendant
claims that what he did was under or by virtue
of an order, that authorizes the transfer of the
suit to an impartial tribunal; but his mere
claim to have done the act under the order of
an officer ought not to require the United States
to step forward and assume before the claim is
settled the expense of the trial.
Mr. HOWE. The United States assume no
expense whatever, except it loans the profes-
sional services of their officers in making the
defense after tho case gets into the Federal
courts. I cannot see any objection to that.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest that as this bill
comes from the Committee on the Judiciary,
a committee in whom we have the utmost con-
fidence, is reported to us without any clause
of this description, they not deeming that it
was necessary that there should be such a pro-
vision in the bill, and this amendment not being
printed, and nobody exactly understanding its
full scope and cffect, the Senate had better pass
the bill without the amendment, and if it be
necessary to adopt such a provision as this as
an independent measure, let it bo so presented,
and let it be printed, and let us see what it is.
Mr. HOWE. The proposition of the Sena-
tor from Iowa may be a very plausible one, but
I think I can defend myself against the charge
of interfering with the jurisdiction of the Judi-
ciary Committee, when I state the simple fact
that this amendment was drawn up by a mem-
ber of the Judiciary Committee. I plead that
in bar. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I deem this proposition
of my colleague an important one, and there
is an amendment which I inyself wish to pro-
pose to the first section, which I think" is very
important; and the question now is, shall we
go on with the discussion, or shall we adjourn
and take up the question hereafter ?
Several Senators. Let us finish it fiow\
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This proposition of my
colleague has a very great deal of importance,
in my judgment. It does not merely concern '
the States that have been in rebellion, but it
concerns our own States, our own provost mar-
shals, and the men who have acted all over our
States. I speak now of the States of Iowa,
Wisconsin, and all the States of the North.
Our provost marshals are being sued, a great
many suits are being instituted against them,
and it is going to be the ruin of those men who
have been acting on behalf of the Government
for them to go on simply with the defense of
these suits. They have not the means to do
it and attend to them, and there ought to be
some kind of provision by which the Attorney
General of the United States and the district
attorneys, or somebody in behalf of the Gov-
ernment, should take hold of the defense of
these actions that are now pending. Several
actions are pending in the county where I live,
against the provost marshal of the district and
the officers who have acted under him, and it
is no small matter whether we give over these
men to these harassing prosecutions, and leave
them to defend themselves as best they may.
I do not say that it would be wise for us to
announce, unqualifiedly and in advance, that we
should defend all cases and pay all judgments
that may be recovered against them. That
might not be wise for us now to announce; but
I think we should assume this matter of the
defense under some limitations. It may be that
in addition to what my colleague's amendment
proposes wo might provide that the cause, on
being transferred to the circuit court, should be
presented to the district attorney of the United
States, and if he should be satisfied that there
was a bona fide defense he should then go on
with the suit. There might be some qualifica-
tion of that sort.
But, Mr. President, in addition to that which
my colleague proposes, I have an amendment
which I shall offer to the first section of the
bill which I deem very important. It is not
precisely like the amendment which was offered
by the Senator from Vermont, and in reference
to this matter of making a law of Congress an
absolute defense against a wrong to person and
property absolutely and unqualifiedly in States
where there has been no rebellion, no martial
law, and where the courts have been continu-
ally open, that is further than I am prepared
to go. Upon that subject I have drawn an
amendment which meets my views and which
I desire to have acted on, and I deem it. very
important.
Several Senators. Read it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As I am upon the
floor 
Mr. CONNESS. Irise to a question of order.
I hope the Senator will allow us to get a vote
on the pending amendment, and then of course
he will have the opportunity to offer and discuss
his amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am speaking on the
pending amendment, and my amendment goes
right in with it, and T suppose qualifies that sec-
tion also, so that we may see how the whole
section will read when we get these amend-
ments in. The amendment which I intend to
propose is:
And such order—
Referring to the order which is to be the
defense—
Shall constitute in those States and Territories
where martial law lias not. been declared, or where
the administration of the civil law by the State ana
Federal courts lias not been interrupted, by the late
rebellion, a prima .facie dofense; and m case it BWJ
not be made to appear that such[ Person acted ™der
such order maliciously, eorrapUy, or-oppre®ively,
bueh defense shall bo oonolusiva.M to such person,
i I want something thatreally is going to apply
