1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1105
of Congress, and for the next, and until wo
either depart from principle or disobey the
will of our constituents and arc hurled"from.
power?
There is no danger of rebels obtaining the
ascendency unless wo ourselves take positions
which cannot bo sustained before the country.
But although 1 do not regard the danger of no
amendment equal to the danger of adopting 1h e
illogical proposition of the committee, still I
tlonk my substitute, making voters the basis,
better than no amendment, and if the idea had
not been abandoned without investigation it
would have passed boih Houses and gone to
the country long before this. It is the only
true principle, if a change is to be made, upon
which representation can be based. Wo must
either take population or votes. If we take
population, no amendment is necessary. A
coercive proviso in favor of'ihe negro will be
a coercive proviso against the proposition.
But what objection is there to the principle
of adopting voters as the basis of represen-
tation? It is the voters, after all, who are the
ultimate source of all political power. They
decide all political questions by their votes.
Their voice is assumed to be the voicc of the
people, aud why should one elector have a
greater voice than another, on account of his
surroundings? Why should the young men of
the East* who are surrounded by mothers and
sisters anxious for their emigration to the
undeveloped West have a greater voice in the
councils of the nation than their more enter-
prising brothers, surrounded by the most prod-
igal and bounteous gifts of nature, and burning
with a laudable dc.-dre for such representation
and legislation as shall load to the development,
of ibe homes of their adoption? Do not the
mighlyresources of the "West require more rep-
resentation, more care, more ability in the open-
ing of new channels of trade and new avenues
of wealth than is required in following the
grooves of legislation in which the eastern
States have so harmoniously moved from the
organization of the Government until now?
But «tho objections on the ground of there
being a greater non-voting population in the
East than the West have boon shown to be
without foundation, and the principle that a
voter in the Xorth is equal to a voter in the
Souih, I am willing to advocate anywhere as
an independent, abstract proposition—inde-
pendent of negro sulfrage or any other sufhagc ;
but 1 am not willing to maintain a proposition
which assumes that population is the only jast
basis, and then denies its universal application
to coerce negro suffrage, or to accomplish any
other object.
I must be permitted to digress for a moment
to examine the position of the Senator from
Massachusetts ; for it so happens that we agree
in our opposition to this resolution. He opposes
it became he contends thnt the Constitution
has already conferred power to extend suffrage
to the negro, and for other reasons. I oppose
it because J believe it is unjust, and for other
reasons. But 1 do not wish to be understood
as agreeing with him in his principal reason of
opposition : for if there is anything clear to my
mind, it is that the question of suffrage is ex-
clusively within State jurisdiction under the
Constitution as it now stands. It is contended
that the provision in the Constitution that the
United States shall guaranty to every State in
thi«5 b jiion a republican form of government
denies to the State the power to exclude the
negro from the elective franchise. A strange
construction, indeed!* When this Constitution
was made, a majority of the States were not
only excluding the negro from voting, but ab-
solutely treating him as a chattel, and continued
so to do during all the brightest days of the
Republic. I fancy that it would have taken
something more than the eloquence of the
Scnotor from Massachusetts to have convinced
the Convention which framed the Constitution
of the United Stages that a majority of its mem-
bers. and a majority of the Star<-s there repre-
sented for the purpose of forming a more per-
fect Union, were not republican in form, but
V/.'t'liL Co_\(;. l^T Sivv*. -No. TO.
that it was reserved for a son of Massachusetts
to ascertain that the framcrs of the Consti-
tution intended and made it the duty of the
United States to guaranty to Virginia and the
other slave States a different form of govern-
ment from that which then existed, and which
continued to exist until a wicked conspiracy
sought to destroy the Union of the States and
the free government of the fathers.
Knt the honorable Senator inquires, wherein
does the Constitution guaranty to the States
the right to regulate the elective franchise? A
new doctrine ! Where, I a.sk. in that instrument
have the States conferred that power upon the
United States? The power existed in the States
before the formation of the Constitution ; and
the Constitution provides in express terms
that—
" The powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited hy it to the fttnU^,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the peo-
ple."
But in this case we have something more than
the mere fact that the power to regulate the
question of suffrage was not conferred by the
States upon the United States and was there-
fore reserved ; for we have the express x-ecog-
nition and acknowledgment of the nghj of the
States to determine the qualification ol (doctors
or voters in the second section of the first arti-
cle of the Constitution, wherein it is provided
that the electors in each State shall have the
qualifications requisite for electors (or voters)
of the most immerousbranch of the Si ate Legis-
lature. These plain pi ovisions of the Constitu-
tion have been sanctioned by unifoiin practice
foi over three quarters of a century, and vindi-
cated, sust lined, and expounded by every patriot
and statesman of the present and former gener-
ations until now, and clearly and strongly main-
tained by the great constitutional expounder,
and the predecessor of the Senator from .Mas-
sachusetts through a lony, life of service and
usefulness but ne\ or in more markc d or unmi.-,-
takablo language than in the following passage
in his reply to ilayne :
"To avoid all po^ihilify of beinic misunderstood,
allow me to repeat acain in the tallest maimer, that
1 claim no powers for the Go\ eminent by fun ed or
unlair con-'truetnm, I admit Unit jf is a< o\eminent
of strict')' limited powers; or cnamei.tied, specihV'!,
and particularized powers, ami thaU\ hutsouver is not
granted h withheld. '
But in this case so far from the power to
regulate suffrage being granted to the General
Government, Jaimiume is used fully recognizing
the existence of that power in the States, und
I fear the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts will be compelled to reason a little more
closely or fail to acquire} the reputation of hK
groat predecessor astlm expounder of the Con-
stitution of the United States.
But to return 1o the question of reconstruc-
tion. What has this resolution or any other
proposition emanating from the committee to
do with that subject? Suppose Congress should
adopt each of these resolutions, will we be any
nearer the consummation of the great work
before us than we w-rc on the day when Con-
gr^s a^mnbied? The committee 1ms not in-
formed us what guarantees are tol>° demanded
of the South before it will be safe and proper
to allow the late rebrl State? representation in
Congress. It conditions are nectary omrht
they not to be named at once, that Conures^
may approve them pud the people of the South
adopt them? Congress lias been in -den now
nearly three mouths, and volumes of abb) and
elaborate arguments have been made to -Ian-
how the South can be kepi out of the Union,
and that Congre.-s has power to exclude the
southern States from a participation in the
legislation of the country, but a proposition or
plan for bringing th( mbaek ha-- not appeared.
The plan suggested by the President has been
severely criticised but no other hns been sug-
gested. The country is perfectly wiilina'thnt:
Congress shall present e different plan from
that of the Provident, and if a better one can
bo presented all Union men everywhere, and,
i have no doubt, the Preddont himself, would
be quite willing to accept ir, tor iris certain,
that the people want Union, and will have it !
at any cost. The history of the last five years
is conclusive upon this point, and if no better
plan than that suggested by the President can
be devised^ and that speedily, they want it on
the plan ol Andrew Johnson, and will sustain
him and his plan against all arguments tending
to show how disunion may be successfully ac-
complished.
_ 1 for one wanted some other guarantees be-
sides those contained in any document I haveyefc
seen emanating from the President. I wanted
the repudiation of the confederate debt placed
beyond a peradvonture; I wanted the basis of
representation established upon the voters of
the country ; but I would not sacrifice the Union
for even those, for I do not believe that this
country will ever become so degraded and lost
to honor and patriotism as to send Senators
and Representatives to Congress who will ever
under any circumstances pay one dollar con-
tracted by rebels for the overthrow of the Gov-
ernment, but a constitutional amendment would
avoid the agitation of such a question, and the
other question of representation I have already
shown is not so gieat an evil as a partial ex-
amination of the question might indicate.
Put it is intimated that the President would
open the doors of Congress to rebels and trai-
tors. [ deny that there is the slightest founda-
tion for such a charge. On the contrary, while
he has on all occasions disclaimed any author-
ity or control over the action of either branch
of Congress as to the admission of members,
he has on repeated occasions expressed a de-
cided opinion (hat disloyal persons should be
excluded from these Halls. In his recent veto
message he says:
" Thorifrhtof a State to representation would in no-
wise interlcre wiili the discretion of Concovss -with
repaid to I be ([Uahtif «m aois u! members: but I hold it
iu\ Out v in rei'onuiKnd to voa, m the interest of peaeo
and in the iniere.-is of the b'nion. Ihe admission of
every Htate io it- •diaic ol inibiie laudation, when,
ls'iu-ev'T insubordinate, in^iti <"Mit, oy rebellious its
people may have Ik em it presents itself not only in
an aliitiuleof io>aliy and harmonv, hut in the per-
sons (,f iirprer-enta uvc-'waot-e loyaltyeannot befjnes-
tioned under any OA.rnii'4 constitutional or legal
te-f."
Again, to the delegation of Virginia, he says:
"lie v ho comes ns a r^pre-ontative, having tho
ouali lie at ems pre=ci i bod b'. tin Con-ntut ion to fit him
to take a.-naMn either ot the deliberative bodies which
constitute the national Legislature, uiustnvcess.u'ily,
a< cordintr to the mtt nt ol the Constitution, hea loyal
man, ■willing t<> id ido by and UedcvoU'd to the Union
and the Constitution of the State.-, ile cannot be for
the Con iitiuion, Ue cannot be lor the t,moil, he can-
not ai'kmnvledy obedience to <dl the law^, nnlc,?? ho
i- loyal.1'
i challenge any man to show me that the
President has ever advised the admission of reb-
els or traitors inlo Congress. And why should
b e ? Has he any cause to love treason or traitors ?
Did they not first assail him with vituperation
and abuse when he stood alone in these Halls
and renounced party ties and party associations
and separated himself from all his personal and
political friends, and. braving the prejudices
and arrogant insolence of the slavepower. dared
to Maud with the hated " abolition party,
v.hich was regarded by his section as degrada-
tion and infamy, and with it defend the Union,
defvtraitors, and make warupou treason? V. hy
should he. when, al'icr he left these Kails, he
found that traitors had in id waste his beloved
Siaic. that ruin end desolation, had ovcrrrkd
his lo\al const:.uents and himself branded a
criminal and outlaw for daring to defend the
rie'ht? 1 like tin.! po'.tlon of i'resident John-
SMiV plan whichexeiudos disloyal person- from
the Kullr- of Con-: re^. and shall cverin.\isl upon
the faithful ohs;n vance of that condition, but F
do lndie\ c that wo should discriminate, and rliat
speedily, between the loyal and Ihe disloyal ;
thai wo should commence nt once to strengthen
tho hands of those in the South who have oeen
true to the Government during the terrible civd
war that hns parsed. ri hey were -itunit d wuere
it eo^t something iobcL niou men. M " irnm jnt
with over one third of our population from the
South, and they compnsing^the boldest po!id-
ea! leaders of all the Peoiiie ( oa^t, perm^Uy
familiar with all the macT'ie of oart vpolh  c
and supported by large a,id consmmh aireung
rcenforeeinems from Price's army, all eagr r io
