1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£985
of the United States I have no objection. That
we have the right to fix upon the power to call
us together in a time of great emergency and
danger to the Commonwealth, I can no more
doubt than I can the great law of self-defense
which authorizes us to protect ourselves when
assailed.
Mr. Speaker, I beg pardon for having spoken,
so long, and I ask that a vote may now be
taken on the preliminary question.
The SPEAKER. The question is, "Will the
House entertain this resolution as a question
of privilege ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CONKLING-. The resolution, if re-
ceived, will of course be open to amendment
unless the previous question shall be demanded.
The SPEAKER. It will.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 62, nays 51, not voting
GO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baxter, Benja-
min, Bromwell, Brooinall, Sidney (J! arke, Cobb, Dom-
ing, Drills, Eckley, Eliot, Farnswoith, Ferry, Abncr
C. Harding, Hart, Higby, Holmes, Hotohkies, As.ihel
W.Hubbard, Chester I). Hubbard, James II. lfubb ell,
Hulburd, Julian, Kelley, Koont'z, Laflin, William
Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, McClurg, McRuer, Moreur,
Miller, Moulton. Mvers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Per-
ham. Price, John II. Rice, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scoficld,
Slieliabarecr, Spalding, Stevens, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Aornam, Ward,
Warner, William B. Washburn, Wentwortli, James
F. Wilson, and Windom—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Banks*, Boutwell,
Boyer, Davis, Dawes, Dawson. Defrees, Eldridcco,
Finck, Garfield, G'o^sbrenner, Aaron Hardin?, llo-
gan, John II. Hubbard, Humphrey, Jem-kes, John-
son, Ka^son, ICerr, Kotcham, Kuykendall, Latham,
George V. Lawience, Le Blond, Marshall, Mooihead,
Morrill, Niblack, Nicholson, JN'oeil, Phelps, Iladiord,
Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander 11. Rice,
Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Strouse. Taber, Thornton, Trimble, Robert T. Van
Horn, Henry D. Washburn, and Whaley—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin, Barker, Boaman,
Bergen, Bidwcll, Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Brando-
gee, Buckland, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Conklmg, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Ddano,
Denison, Dixon, Dodoce, Donnelly, Dumont, Ey^le-
ston, Farquhar, Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell, Gris-
wold, Hale, Harris, Hayes, Henderson, Ilifl, Hooper,
Dcmas Hubbard, EdwinN. Hubbell, Inperpoll, Jones,
Kel&o, Lousy ear, Mar.ston, Marvin, McCullough.Mc-
Indoe, MeKee, Morris, Newell, Patterson, Pike,
Plants, Pomeroy; William II. Randal], llou-^eau,
Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Taylor, Thaj'er, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, ElihuB. Washburne, Welker, Wil-
liams. Stephen F. Wilson, Wintield, Woodbridge, and
Wright—60.
So the resolution was ordered to be received.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BINGHAM. 1 appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether his purpose will not
be accomplished by striking out all that relates
to the power of the President of the Senate and
the Speaker of this House to summon Congress
together. It will then read that when Congress
adjourns at this session —I a.«k gentlemen to
remember the words, for they are the words of
the Constitution—it shall adjourn to meet at the
time fixed by the gentleman in his resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. We do not propose to
adjourn this session at all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid upon the table; and on that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 53, nays G8, not voting
61; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona. Baker, Banks, Bing-
ham, Boyer, Buckland, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Dc-
frces, Eldridge, Finck, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Aaron
Hardin?, llosan, Chester D. Hubbard, John II. Hub-
bard, Humphrey, Jenckes, Johnson, Ivasson, Kerr,
Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham, George V.
Lawrence, Le Blond, Marshall, Niblack, Nicholson,
Noell, Phelps, Pike, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander!!. Rice,
Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Strouse,
Taber, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Robert T. Van
Horn, and Whaley—53.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, Baxter, Benjamin, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Brooinall, Bnndv, Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Conkling,
Driggs, Eckley, Eg^rleston, Eliot, Farnsworth. Ferry,
Abner C. Harding Hart, High;,, Holmes. Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Ingersoll, Julian, Kelley, Koontz, Wi Iham Lawrence,
Loan, Lynch, Marston, McClurg, McRuer, Mercur,
39tii Cong. 1st Skss.—No. 2;>0.
Miller.Moorhend, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Perham, Price, Rollins, Sawyer, Sehenck,
Seofiold, Shcllaharfrer, Spalding, Stevens, 3?rancis
Thomas, John 1j. Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Acr-
nain, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Warner, Welker, Went-
worth, Williams, James P. Wilson, Stephen E\ Wil-
son, and Windom—6S. *
NOT V OTIS' G—Messrs. J ames M.Ashley, Baldwin,
Barker, Beainan, Bergen, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow,
Brandcgec, Chanler, Reader Vv. Clarke, Cook, Cul-
lom, Culver, Darling, Dclfino, Doming, Denison,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont, Farquhar, Good-
year, Grider, Grinnell,Griswo!d,lIale,,Harris, Hayes,
Henderson, Hill, Hotehkiss, Beinas Hubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, Jones,Kelso,Longyear, Marvin,McCul-
loch, Melndoe, McKee, Morris, Newell, Patterson,
Plants, Pomeroy. John H. Rice, Rousseau, Sloan,
Smith, Starr, Stihvell, Thayer, Upson, Elihu B.
Washburne, Itenry D. Washburn, William B. Wash-
burn, Winfield, Woodbridge, and Wright—51,
So the House refused to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The question recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Sir. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania allow me to offer an
amendment?
Mr. STEVENS. I will hear it read.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I propose to sub-
stitute the following:
Jlesolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when this
House adjourns on Wednesday next, July 25, it will
take a recess until Saturday, December 1.
Mr. BINGHAM. T ask my colleague to
strike out the words "take a recess" and in-
sert instead the word "adjourn."
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. The reason is that the
Constitution itself, by express terms, declares
that a session of Congress may adjourn for a
longer period than three days, with the con-
current consent of the two Houses, and the
word recess, by very intendment of the Consti-
tution, applies only to that space of time which
passes between the close of one session of Con-
gress and the commencement of another ses-
sion, or between the termination of one Con-
gress and the commencement of another.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire what
authority any one has to say I hat this House
will adjourn. I hope no such resolution will
pass.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I will modify it
by leaving the day blank, so as to read as fol-
lows :
That when this IIouso adjourn on the — day of
.Tuly, it will adjourn to meet on Saturday, Decem-
ber 1.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question, if the resolution should
pass, as modilied. would wo or not be entitled
to mileage?
Mr. ASflLEY, of Ohio. Each member is
entitled to two mileages in one Congress under
the law, and that is all.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to further debate.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to allow the amendment to
be offered?
Mr. STEVENS. I decline to yield for that
purpose.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 37, noes -15; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Stevens, and Akhlev of Ohio.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes Go, noes 38.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I demand the yeas and
nays on agreeing to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
resolution, it was decided in the negative—yeas
48, nays 75, not voting 59 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb. Donnelly, Driffgs. Eckley Escrleston,
Eliot, Hart, lfigby, Hotchkiss, As.ihel Vv\ llubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Ingcrsoll, Julian, ICelley, ivoontz,
William Lawienee, Loan, Lynch, McClurg, JMcrcur,
Miller, Moulton, O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Price, Saw-
yer, Scaenck, Seofleld, Stevens, Francis Thomas,
John 1j. lhomas, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Ward, Welker, Wentwortli, Stephen F
Wilson, and Windom—48.
NAYS — Mossrs, Alley, Ancona, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Banks, Baxter, Bingham, Boyer, Buckland,
Bundy, Conkling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Defrecs,
Delano,Eldridge, Perry, Finck, Garfield, Glossbren-
ncr, Aaron Hardinpr, Ilogan, Holmes, Chester D.
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Humphrey,
Jenckes, Johnson, Itasson, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuvken-
dall, Lafhn, Latham, Le Blond, Marshall, Mars-
ton, Mctndoe, McRuer, Moorhead. Morrill. Morris,
Myers, Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Paine,
Phelps, Pike. Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William
H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rico, Ritter, Rollins, Ross, Shanklin, Shellbarger,
Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Thornton, Trim-
ble, Robert T. Van Horn, Whaley, Williams, James
P. Wilson. Woodbridge, and Wright—To.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baldwin,Barker, Beaman,
Benjamin.Bergen, Bidwell,Blaine,Blow,Brandegee,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke. Cook, Cullom. Culver,
Darling, Deming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Dumont,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell,
Giiswold, Hale, Abncr C. Harding, Harris, Hayes,
Henderson, Hill, Hooper, Demas llubbard, Edwin
N. Hubbell, Jones, Kelso, George V. Lawrence, Long-
year, Marvin, McCullo ugh, McKec, Patterson, Plants,
Pomcrov,Rogers. Rousseau, Sloan, Smith, Spalding,
Starr. Stilwell, Thayer, Upson, Warner, lililiu B.
Washburne, Henry D.Washburn, WilliamB. Wash-
burn, mid Winfield—59.
So the resolution was disagreed to.
Mr. FINCK moved to reconsider the vote
last taken ; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 210) relating to public schools
in the District of Columbia ;
An act (S. No. 325) to give certain powers
to the levy court of the county of Washing-
ton, in the District of Columbia ;
An act (S. No. 178) to incorporate the Met-
ropolitan Mining and Manufacturing Company;
An act (S. No. 277) for the relief of William
Cook ; and
An act (S. No. 137) to amend the acts ap-
proved August 0, 1801, and July 10>, 1802,
establishing a Metropolitan police in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to increase the efficiency
thereof, and for other purposes.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKE R asked and obtained leave of
absence for Mr. IIcMPUREr and Mr. Waunxk.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked and obtained leave
of absence for his colleague, Mr. Blow, for the
remainder of the session
mh&sagh Tire senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. It. No. 477) further to
provide for the safety of the lives of passen-
gers on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, to regulate the salaries of
steamboat inspectors, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had insisted upon its amendments disagreed
to by the House to the bill (H. E. No. 61)2) in-
creasing the pensions of widows and orphans,
and for other purposes, had agreed to the con-
ference a«ked by the House, and had appointed
Mossrs. Lane, Van Twinkle, and Davis as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had insisted upon its amendments disa-
greed to by the House to the joint resolution
(JI. 11. No. 101) for the relief of certain offi-
cers of the Army, had agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the House, and had appointed
Messrs. Ramsey, Cowax, and Speagub as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
The message further announced that_ the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a joint
resolution (II. K. No. 159) authorizing the
Commissioner of Public Buildings to employ
three additional watchmen in the Smithsonian
grounds.
