1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
contest for political supremacy upon the chosen
battle-field of Nevada, that it was some credit !
to be a Union man j hut if our position was un-
comfortable, what shall we say of a Union man
in the South where the penalty of even a sus-
picion of loyalty was death ; where every Union
soul was tortured by the concentrated heat of
the fires of rebellion ; where, for a time, there
was no ray of hope and no bow of promise for
the faithful, and where to be for the Union was
to renounce home, family, and country, and to
be exiled and outlawed?
Men of the North who obtained office and
honors, personal security and wealth by loyalty
should pause before they question the patriotism
of Andrew Johnson and the loyalists of Tennes-
see, who were true to the flag of the Union when
you had no power to succor thom, when they were
surrounded by the lotions of rebellion, driven
from their homes, their houses burned over
their defenseless families, and those who were
most dear tu them either thrown into dungeons
or murdered before their eyes. The struggles^
of this people surpass any other example of
hi-tory, and all honor is due to their patriotism.
They never did succumb to rebellion. They
kept the Union fires burning in Tennessee in
the darkest night of treason, and established
and maintained their own civil government with
small aid from the United Slates while the war
was siili raging. The people of the United
States recognized the virtues and heroism of
the Unionists of Tennessee by elevating from
their number Andrew Johnson to the second
place in the Covemment of the United States.
Bui the Congress of the United States have
closed the doors of both Houses to a loyal del-
egation from Tennessee, chosen by (hose same
Unionists. Why is this done? The country
asks why? And if Congress would justify them-
selves before the country, they must speedily
open the doors to Tennessee or assign good
and cogent reasons why those doors should re-
main closed. It is no answer to say the Pres-
ident had no riichf. 10 organize the State of Ten-
nessee. The President did not organize that
State. It was organized by the people; and if
it were otherwise, it would not bo a lnatier of
the slightest, practical consequence, as the peo-
ple h;ive adopted it ?md Congress can ratify all,
if ratification is necessary, by an admission of
her delegation or such of them as can walk up
to t hat si and and subscribe to the oath prescribed
by Congress. And the .same process can be
adopted with olher Stales as fast as (hey eom-
' ply >\iih ali your tests of loyally. There must
be a distinction made between the loyal and the
disloyal in the South, or every friend of the
Government m thai region will be destroyed.
It will not do io complain of a failure of (he
President to make this distinction, while Con-
gress is guilty of such sweeping injustice.
Neither this Congress nor Lhe President will
follow ihe example of Pierce, who called into
his Cabinet- the areh traitor J elf. Da\is, and his
legion of minions and traitors into almost every
place of power and trust in the Co\ernment,
immediately after t heir overthrow by the Union-
ists of lhe Souih in the memorable contest of
1801. We have not forgotten how Buchanan,
throncA bis infamous Kenvtaryof War. Kloyd,
armed ! lie disunioni -1 soft ho Sou! h and left ! hese
same loyalist - of Tennessee and oth'T sections
to MHi-uie w iilioul hope and without aid against
armed traitor-*, under the treasonable plea that
there was no power in thisCovernmeni to main-
tain iN own existence by force, untilalmoslihe
entire South were plunged or driven into the
mcst cruel, bloody, and wicked war that his-
tory has recorded. Who does not believe, if
the power and patronage of the Government
during Pierce's Administration had been in the
hands ot Unionists, and if Buchanan had fol-
lowed that example and called none but Union-
ists about him. and armed none but Unionists,
and executed the lavs as his oath required, but
thai thio war could have been a\cited? And
who does not cunllc! cully hope and expect [hat
a Union party can now be built up in the
South, ever faithful and true, by commencing
with those whose loyalty has been tested by
this war, and admitting them to our confidence
and thereby establishing a nucleus around which
the people of the South can rally? But this
never can be done by declaring a want of con-
fidence in the faithful equally with the unfaith-
ful. We have nothing to fear from the people
ofthe South. Uninfluenced by passion and un-
deceived by demagogues, they will soon learn
to love that Union which they had known only
as a blessing until justice required that they
should be punished for the terrible rebellion
into which they were plunged by the most wicked
conspiracy that can ever disgrace the history
of man.
But the resolution under consideration was
born in the excitement of passion created by
the veto of the Prcedmen's Bureau bill. Jt
was announced that last week tlicie was a dis-
position to admit Tennessee, but that all was
changed, not for anything that Tennessee had
done, but because the President had exercised
his constitutional power io veto a bill, and
this resolution passed the House under the
"previous question" without argument or a
moment's time for the voice of reason to bo
heard. Suppose the President had no right
to veto the bill, was that a reason why Con-
gress should do wrong, or act rashly and un-
wisely? i think candid and fair men will say
it "was no reason, and if this resolution would
not have appeared but for that action of the
President, it should now be defeated, for that
action furnishes no ground for its adoption.
But did the President after all commit such an
offense against his party or his country as to
subject him to condemnation? I voted for and
supported theFreedmeirsBuroau bill, although
' confen iu«*, as it did, tast discretionary power
upon the President. 1 did this because 1 was anx-
ious to do all in my power to protect the freed-
nian, and to afford him a chance to live and labor
and enjoy the fiuits of his labor, but 1 did this
supposing the President could sign it and carry
its provisions into effect. This, upon examina-
tion, he found he could not do, and I was un-
willing to embarrass the situation ofthe freed-
meii by placing on the statute-book a law which
would be a nullity unless it could be executed
by the Executive, and it could hardly be sup-
posed that the President.could exercise his dis-
cretion to carry into cifect a law which he
himself believed to be unconstitutional and a
violation of his oath of office.
Believing that the President had acted hon-
estly, and knowing (hat the objections which
he urged were ofgiave consideration, and had
been so regarded by the friends of the bill, I
fell, called upon to sustain the veto, believing
thai more could bo done for the freedmen by
cooperating with the President who had already
(lone so well and so much for them than by the
passage of a bill to which he was so much op-
posed. 1 think e\en now, in view of the con-
struction of the fonner law by the President,
ivi indicated b) the leitoi of General Howard,
that the real friends of the frecdman will say I
was right. But, independent of the merits of
the Preedmon's Bureau bill, I was alarmed for
my country at the excitement which prevailed,
and particularly from the haste with which this
resolution was being pressed in (he other House,
and felt that neither the Union party nor the
,! country could atlbrd to allow a bill, of wliat-
;,evor character, to be passed over lhe veto of
i; the President under such extraordinary cir-
] cumstanees. I thought it was time to stop and
. reflect before we took such actiou as might
I forever separate the President and Congress,
i J felt that the country called upon us, both
i President and Congress, to harmonize in the
; great work before us, not only in protecting the
j freedmen. but in restoring the Union of these
: States, lie had proven to the world his desire
i to protect the freedmen by the thorough organ-
ization of a bureau under the charge of one of
, the most able and Uusted ollicers of the United i
'States; and while he was earnestly engaged in !
the good work I was unwilling to embarrass j
him by the passage of what he regarded as an j
| unconstitutional law. 1 believed that he was j
■ honestly and faithfully carrying out the princi- |
pies of the Union party which nominated and
elected him, and that his cooperation with the
Union men was absolutely necessary to a res-
toration of" the Union ; and I was unwilling to
weaken his influence or alienate hinf from the
Union majority in Congress by passing a bill
over his veto in a moment of excitement or
passion. Has Andrew Johnson violated any
of his obligations to the Union party ? I have
the Baltimore platform upon which he was nom-
inated, and I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, Thatitis thehighestduty of every Amer-
ican citizen to maintain against all their enemies
the integrity of the Union and the paramount author-
ity of the Constitution and laws of the United States;
and that, laying aside all differences of political opin-
ions, we pledge ourselves as Union men, animated
by a common sentiment, and aiming at a common
object, to do evcrythingin ourpowerto aid the Gov-
ernment in quelling by force of arms the rebellion
now raging against its authority, and in bringing to
the punishment due to their crimes the rebels and
traitors arrayed against it.
Resolved, That we approve the determination of
the Government of the United States not. to compro-
mise with rebels, nor to offer any terms of pciico ex-
cept such as may be based upon an "unconditional
surrender" of theirhostility and a return to their just
allegianeeto the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and that wo call upon the Government to
maintain this position, andtoprosecutcthe war with
the utmost possible vigor to the complete suppres-
sion ot the rebellion, in full reliance upon the self-
baciifice, the patriotism, the heroic valor, and the
undving devotion of the American people to the
country and its free institutions.
Revolved, That as slavery was the cause, and now
constitutes the strength of this rebellion, and as it
must bo ahvuys and everywhere hostile to the princi-
ples of republican government, justicc and the na-
tional safety demand iN utter and complete extirpa-
tion from the soil of the Republic; and that we uphold
and maintain the acts and proclamations by which
the Government, in its own defense, has aimed a death
blow at this gigantic e\ il. We aie m tavor, further-
more, of such an amendment to the Constitution, to
be made by the people in conformity with its provis-
ions, as shall terminate and lorever prohibit the ex-
istence of slavery within the limits of the jurisdiction
ofthe United States.
Rrvotvcd* That the thanks of the American people
are due to the soldiers and sailors ol the Army and
Navy, who have periled then lives in defense of their
country and in vindication of the honor of the flag;
that the nation owes to them some permanent recog-
nition of their patriotism and vnlor, and ample and
permanent provision for those of their survi\ ors who
have received disabling and honorable wounds in tho
service ofthe country, and that the memories of those
who have fallen in its detense shall be held in giate-
ful and everlasting remembrance.
Resolved, That we approve and applaud the prac-
tical wisdom, the unselfish patriotism, and unswerv-
ing lidelity to the Constitution and the principles of
American liberty with which Abraham Lincoln has
discharged under circumstances ot unparalleled dif-
ficulty the great duties and responsibilities of the
presidential of'rice; that wc approve and indorse, as
demanded by the emergency and essential to tho
preservation of the nation, and ns within tho Consti-
tution, the measures tind net-j which he has adopted
to defend the nation a'/am-t its open and secret iocs;
that we approve especially t tie proclamation of eman-
cipation, and the employment as Union toldiois of
men heretofore held in slavery; and that we have
lull confidence in hi* determination to carry these ancl
all other constitutional measures essential to the sal-
v:ition of tho country into full and complete effect.
Jlr-iolvcd, That we deem it essential to the general
welfare that harmony should prevail in the national
count.il>. and we regard asworthy of public confidence
and official trust tho«c only who cordially indorse
the principles proclaimed in these resolutions, and
which should characterize the administration of tho
Government.
Revolved, That the Government owes to all men em-
ployed in its armies, without regard to distinction of
color, the full protection of the laws of war; and that
any violation of these laws or of the usages of civil-
ized nations in the time of war by the rebch now in
arms, should be made the subject of full and prompt
redress.
Hexohed, That the foreign immigration, which in
the past ha« added so much to the wealth and devel-
opment of the resouices and increase of power to this
nation, the asylum of the oppressed of all nations,
should be fostered and encouraged by a liberal and
just policy.
Resolved, That we are in favor of the speedy con-
struction of a railroad to the Pacific.
Resolved, That the national faith, pledged for tho
redemption ofthe public debt, must be kept inviolate;
and that for this purpose we recommend economy and
rigid responsibility in the public expenditures, and
a vigorous and j ust, system ot taxation ; that it is tho
duty of every loyal State to sustain the credit and pro-
mote the use ol the national currency.
Resolved, That we approve the position taken by
the Government that the people ot the United States
never regarded with indifference the attempt of any
Kuropean Power to overthrow by i'orec, or to supplant
by traud, the institutions of any republican Govern-
ment on the western continent; and that they view
with extreme jealousy, as menacing to the peace and
independence of this our country, the efforts of any
such Power to obtain new footholds for monarchical
