1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8987
The next amendment was after line three
hundred and eighty-six, under the head " Cali-
fornia,'' to strike out "from Los Angeles, via
Elizabeth Lake and Oak Creek, to Havilan."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment proposed by the com-
mittee was after line four hundred andtwenty-
se en, under the head of " Kansas," to strike
out:
From Medina, via Oskaloosa, Winchester, and
Easton, to Leavenworth.
- From Lawrence, via Oskaloosa, to Grasshopper
Falls.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line four hun-
dred and thirty-five to insert "from Wathena,
via Columbus, to Iowa City Point."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
lines four hundred and thirty-seven to four hun-
dred and forty-two, under the head "Nevada:"
From Carson City, via Ophir, Washoe City, and
Steamboat Springs, to Huffaker's Raneho.
From Virginia City.viaUaionville.StarCity, Dun-
glen, and Paradise Valley, to Boise City.
From Austin to Cortez.
From Austin to lone.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to know why
they are stricken out.
Mr. RAMSEY. The reason why they are
stricken out is that they have been heretofore
enacted, some of these routes, two or three
times. That is the reason we strike them out
of this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out from line four hundred and forty-
four to four hundred and forty-nine:
From Aurora, via Columbus, to Silver Peak.
From Austin, via Kingston, Ophir Canon, Twin
River, and San Antonio, to Silver Peak.
From \V eliington Station, via Esmeralda, Mamoth,
and lone, to Austin.
Mr. STEWART. Have all those routes been
enacted before?
Mr. RAMSEY". All stricken out by the
committee have heretofore been made mail
routes by previous legislation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out lines four hundred and fifty-four
and four hundred snd fifty-five, under the head
"Nebraska Territory:"
From Piattsmouth to Beatrice.
From Dakota to Columbus.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was under the head-
ing of "Nebraska,''' after line four hundred
and fifty-seven, to insert the following:
From St. O'ohns, Iowa, via De Soto and Fontanolle
Nebraska, to Buchanan, Nebraska.
From Brownsville to Table Rock, Nebraska.
From Brownsville to Grant, Nebraska.
From Tremont,via Jalapa, St. Charles, Greenwood,
West Point, and Rock Creek, to South Fork of Elk-
horn.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also reported to insert after
line three hundred and seventy-three, under
the heading ol Iowa, the words " from Denison
to Ida."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed and the amendments were concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendments be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TOE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MoPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 269)
to define the number and regulate the appoint-
ment of officers in the Navy, and for other pur-
poses, with amendments, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the following
bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 230) to amend an act
to extend the charter of the Alexandria and
Washington railroad, passed March 3, 1863;
A bill (H. R. No. 379) to establish in the
District of Columbia a Reform School for
hoys;^ ■
A bill (H. R. No. 5G4) to annul the thirty-
fourth section of the declaration of rights of
the State of Maryland so tar as it applies to the
District of Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 709) for the relief of Mrs.
Eleanor C. Ransom.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the amendments of the
House to the bill (S. No. 236) to authorize and
establish certain post roads.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 7C0) for the relief of James C.
Cook, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
resolution, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That the President of the Senate
and the Speaker of th e House of Representatives, on
 the ■—— day of , at, twelve o'clock mciidiau,
adjourn their respective Houses until Tuesday, the
2d day of October, 18GB, and that on that day, unless
it be then otherwise ordered by the two Houses, they
further adjourn their respective Houses until Satur-
day, the 1st day of December, 1868.
RECOGNITION OF TENNESSEE.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 3lJ5. It
is the unfinished business. It is a bill relating
to the aqueduct bridge of the Alexandria Canal
Company over the Potomac river at George-
town, in the District of Columbia.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make a
report. The morning business is not through,
I believe.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let the bill be taken
up aud then you can make your report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to taking up
the bill. If it is the order of business it will
come up at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state that T desire
to make a report from the Committee on the
Judiciary in reference to Tennessee, and if wo
cannot get the floor to make reports on impor-
tant matters of this kind, we certainly can do
no business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
were called through, and petitions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Icould not get the floor
to present the report after I came into the Sen-
ate. If the Senator persists in his motion, I
can only leave it to the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Il-
linois so seldom gets the floor that I will with-
draw the motion. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred House joint
resolution No. 8o, declaring Tennessee again
entitled to Senators and Representatives in
Congress, have iustiueted me to report it back
with an amendment. and if it meets the views
of the Senate, as this is a matter that ought to
be acted upon, I move that the Senate proceed
to its consideration at the present time.
The PRESIDENTp/-o tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
at this time. Is it objected to ?
Mr. MeDOUGALL. i ask that the resolu-
tion be read for information.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is printed and on
Senators' tables. I have reported it back with
an amendment.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I should like to hear
the amendment read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the consideration of the resolu-
tion? No objection being made the resolution
is before the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, and will be read.
The Secretary read the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 83) as follows:
A joint resolution declaring Tennessee again entitled
to senators and Representatives in Congress.
Whereas the State of Tennessee has in good faith
ratihed the article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress to the Legislatures of the several States,
and has also shown to the satisfaction of Congress,
by a proper spirit of obedience in the body of her
people, her return to hor due allegiance to the Gov-
ernment, laws, and authority of the XJnited States:
Therefore,
. Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tive? of the United States of America in ihngress assem-
bled, That the State of Tennessee is hereby restored
to her former proper, practical relations to the Union,
and is again entitled to be represented by Senators
and Representatives in Congress, duly elected and
qualified, upon their taking the oaths of office required
by existing laws.
The amendment of the Judiciary Committee
was road. It was to strike out the preamble
and resolution, and in lieu thereof to insert:
Whereas in the year 1861, tho government of tho
State of Tennessee was seized upon and taken posses-
sion of by persons in hostility to the United States,
and the inhabitants of said State in pursuance of an
act of Congress were declared to he in a state of in-
surrection against the United States; and whereas
said State government can only be restored to its
foimer political relations in the Union by the eon-
sent of the law-making power of the United States;
and whereas the people of said State did, on tho 22d
day of February, 1865, by a large popular vote, adopt
and ratify a constitution of government, republican
in form, and not inconsistent with the Constitution
and laws of the United States, whereby slavery was
abolished and ordinances and laws of secession and
debts contracted under the same "were declared
void; and whereas a State government has been
organized under said constitution, which has rati-
fied the n.mcniimont to the Constiuttion of tho United
States abolishingslavery; also tho amendment pro-
posed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress; and whereas the
body of the people of Tcnne^ec have, by a proper
spirit of obedience, shown to the satisfaction of Con-
gress the return of said State to due allegiance to
the Government, laws, and authority of the United
States: Therefore,
Resolved, &e.. That the United States do hereby
recognize the government of the State oi Tennessee,
organized as aforesaid, as the legitimate government
ot saidState, entitled to nil the rights of a State gov-
ernment under the Constitution of tho United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will
not adopt that amendment, but that we shall
pass the resolution as it came from tlie House
of Uepresentaiives. Indeed, I had hoped that
the Committee on the Judiciary would report
hack the resolution without amendment, and
that we should have the matter disposed of to-
day. I presume there is nothing in theTecitals
of the preamble reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary than what I have already twice
voted for. The most material recital in it that
is not contained in the House preamble is
that the question of the admission of tho rebel
States is a question for Congress to determine
and must he prescribed by law. The House
of Representatives, after quite a contest, have
adopted a resolution which does not assert that
proposition—a proposition which we have al-
ready twice asserted, once in the form of a
concurrent resolution, and there is no need of
reasserting it again. If we lake the resolution
as it came from the House the same effect is
produced—the admission of Senators and Rep-
resentatives from Tennessee, on their taking
the oath of office.
The assertion of these political dogmas in
the resolution can he of no use whatever. We
have already asserted them in every form in.
whieli it is possible to assert them by concur-
rent resolution. "We know that they cannot
receive the sanction of the President; and to
insert them will only create delay and post-
pone the admission of Tennessee. This is a
joint resolution, and I presume it is contem-
plated to send it to the President. Now, it
seems to me the committee have so framed their
preamble that the President cannot approve it,
and the result will be another veto and further
delay. On the other hand, the House resolu-
tion will accomplish precisely the same result;
and the body of the resolution being substan-
tially the same, I trust we shall take a sensible
view of the question and accomplish the re-
sult we desire by the shortest road, and not
reassert in the preamble propositions that will
only give rise to a new discussion and new
controversy.
