18(13.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
Governments. sustained bv foreign military force, in i
ncai in'oxiniily to the United State3. !
Y[\\ SFKWAiir. Mr. President, suppose;
at the time that platform was adopted we could
have had union upon the terms that are now ;
oileved : b'jppose that we could have had union !
then upon the plan of Lincoln and J ohmson. us
there any person living in the United States
who believes there would have been opposition
to it? If we could have foreseen when that
platform was adopted that by the month of
March, 1800. every southern State would have
laid down its arms, thai not only the northern
States but nearly every one of the southern
States would have adopted the constitutional
amendment referred to in that platform, and
not only adopted it but abolished slavery by
their own Legislatures and would be anxious
to be restored to their relations to the Civ.on
upon almost any terms that Congress or tho j
President might suggest—if that picture had
been presented to us then, would it not have
made the hearts of the American people glad''1
To-day we have that picture before us. Y\ e
have union within our power upon the princi-
ples laid down in that platform carried out to
the fullest extent, and the question is. shall we
accept it or shall we destroy the Union party
by the introduction of new propositions and
new theories? I stand by the platform of 180L
1 say that the Union men who rallied around
the Hag under that platform cannot be excom-
municated from the party while they btand by
that platform. It is the party pledge, and be-
fore new party tests or new party pledges are
required the people must again assemble and
make new party declarations.
Xow. I repeat my question, what principle
in that, plattorm has the President violated?
You r-av he has usurped poivet. IIow? In
inviting the loyal men of the South to organize
State governments, and fixing conditions. 1 i
ask. what condition did he impose thai hail not .
been already determined by tho war. or what
principle did lie abandon that had been vindi-
cated by the war? Mr. Lincoln's plan of re-
construction wbieli he followed was made an
issue in that canvas find trinmphuntlv sus-
tained bythe people. Was it not to Ik* l vpecled
that Mr. Johm-on when lie came into power
would follow the indorsed plan and retain in
his Cabinet Tim well-U'icd constitutional advisers
of his prcdecessor"> And for doing this is he to
be condemned? Have we a ri'ihl to force new
issuer which the people never have mid prob-
ably never will sustain, and demand their adop-
tion or resolve upon the destruction of the Ad-
ministration upon which the existence of the
parly, if not the Union, depends?
One issue which is constantly urged, and
which is a disturbing element, is the question
of immediate and universal negro sulfnum.
Many Senators have dbem-'-ed that proposi-
tion. Very few of them say whether they are
for or against it, but they are consiauib agi-
tating and discussing it. "Why do thevdi-ru-s
it if they are not for it? If tlmy are r.<-t ibv it,
it has do business in these discussions. 13:it
the committee of fifteen, while not demanding
negro suffrage directly, are willing to do it by
indirection, or deprive one section of the conn-
try of what they admit is just representation :
and it has been frequonti}' said that it was the
only diflieuhy in the way of restoration. Tho
New York Tribune, the leading organ of thes* 
views, the paper which complains mu&t binerly
of the President, and which is followed by a
great portion of the press, says:
4>l>t it be distinctly understood th.iC if the whites
of the South are not represented in (Joivrrc.^, it is
bor^u-piln-y deny nil mht of representation or power
ol F'.'lf-proteetL<m to tiie black*. Show u<= a tannic
Hra!e whir h admits her Macks to vote on a like intel-
lectual, oducai lonal, moral, and pecuniary basis with
her oleics a-id v  e wul uiv;e the mutant admission of
tho flit i-on Kepre-untativos of that State, though tVy
bo nil ox-roue] general? of the most obnoxious"type."
There the New York Tribune, the leading
journal advocating these views, says distinctly,
let the negroes vote and we will advocate the
admission ol' ex-rebels ot the most obnoxious
type into the Halls of Congress. If Senators
continue to argue the question of negro suf-
frage without stating whether they are for or [
against it, the country is bound to infer there- ]
from that after all that is ihe issue. If it is not
the issue, it should not, be discussed here in
these troublesome times. If the South is to be
kept out until negro suffrage can be accom-
plished, the quicker the country know it the i
better. If you discuss that question contin-
ually they will believe that it is the issue and •
the only issue, and you will destroy the Union ,
party. _ |
It is sufficient to sav in defense of the Presi- j
dent for not conferring the right of suffrage j
upon the negro in the organization of the south- j
ern States, that neither the platform of his I
party, the Congress of the United States, nor
tho policy of his predecessor, would have war- {
ramed him in such action. !
But if the question of negro suffrage is not
:}lf■ difficult}, what is the difficulty' Is his:
plan of resiuration so plainly aud ob\iously j
wrong as has been assciled? if so. it ought
not to lie a difficult matter to suggest a better
one. But has this been done? Has not the mat- ;
tor been agitating the country for near eighteen j
months, and has any plan been suggested that j
would be more acceptable to the majority in i
Congress than that of the President? The I
committee of fifteen have labored long, and I j
presume diligently, and have failed to produce !
a plan which seems likely to meet with the ap- |
proval e\en of those y ho claim to be the great- i
est friends and champions of the freedmen.
The Senator from Massachusetts himself, who
has spent a lifetime in defense of the negro
race, is constrained to repudiate the main prop-
osition of the committee, bet me appeal to the
Union majority of this House to act promptly
and receive at once tho loyal lieprcscntatives
lrom the South, for if the Union partv tails,
which it seems likely to do, after all its glorious
ach.ievements.it will he ouulhro vn, and the
loyal masses of the country will rally around
the Executive and enable ltitu to accomplish
the great woik ; tor, be assuied, the Union will
be pivM ived, and if we pi ove incompetent,
others will take our places. It is said that we
must j^ive the committee time to act, but let me
tell them, that groat emergencies demand imme-
diate action. When the national finance- are
depressed with uneertainty ; when the nation
is groaning under three thousand millions (if
debt; while every house in all tlr.s broad land
is in mourning for thr sacrifices made tor the
Union of thes.e States: when the only hope of
thirty million people is centered m ''estoration
aud peace, delays for matter of form cannot
long be endured.
If the committee would free itself from the
growing apprehension that its counsels are
controlled by the well-known anil destructive
—permit me to say—sentiments of liijnnixs
S'tuvrxs, of IV'in-yhania. they must present
at once some tea-ibie plan by v, Inch harmony
can bo restored ' and until -ueh a plan is pre-
l.l
•d.
! ir,coll.-J able
iau v ill remain
the wnlvvsyto pcac 1 and I mon kno,ni to
the American pt op!e. 1 appeal to ihe h>\al
majori1. v of this House Hi sirk all minor (pf-
foienees and secure the Union of those Slates,
with slaveM, the patent oi sCsesshm, abol-
ished. vdth the dignity and honor of the na-
tion preserved and vindicated, with the tree
■ fatln : s intact, before dis-
shal't have again drenched
Wo are called
CouslUuIiou of tlx
cord and confusion
tin, land with fraternal blood.
upon bv all taat we hold mov -e ■ i ■ n and dear
to secure at once the Iriuts r,i metory. to risk
nothing to chance or sueovhy . aud d wo can-
not obtain all we would b ; ns oleum what) we
can. Jf we preserve wha' vc now have, an
all-wr-e Providence, in his own good time, will
£>'aut us still greater blcsinas and greater
advancement in the work ol regeneration and
reform ; but if anaiehy and discord arc allowed
bv us to obscure t he bright sunshine of peace
which is lighting the way and cheering the
hearts of the benevolent and true, a tearful
responsibility awaits us. both here and here-
after.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the sub-
ject which I propose to discuss in the first in-
stance is, what is the condition of the States
in which the insurrection has heretofore pre-
vailed? Upon a former and a comparatively
recent occasion, I stated to the Senate that, in
my opinion, they were a? much States of the
Union and in the Union as they were before
the insurrection commenced; and T endeav-
ored to maintain that proposition by such ar-
guments as occurred to me. I should have
left the proposition itself, as far as 1 was con-
cerned, to stand upon the force of the reasons
which I presented to the Senate, hut for the
different opinion pronounced by the honora-
ble member from Maine, [Mr. Fessexdex,]
and the speech by which ho attempted to make
good that opinion. In common with every
member of the Senate, I always feel grave
doubts as to the correctnesss of mv own opin-
ions when I find myself in conflict with the
member to whom I allude upon any question,
and especially upon questions of the character
of the one which I am about to examine. I
therefore listened to him almost, with the ex-
pectation that I should be satisfied that the
■view which. I originally entertained was erro-
neous ; but sueli was not the result, lie will
pardon mo, I know, for saying—for it is said
with all respect—that so far from feeling less
confidence in the opinion which I originally
maintained, in consequence of the speech to
which I hate alluded, I have felt, upon further
reflection since that speech was delivered, still
more confirmed in its correctness. I need not
say—and certainly not to the honorable mem-
ber—that in what I am about to do, in com-
batting-tho reasons upon which he relied in
support of the view which he entertained, I
shall do it -with the respect which from the
first of our acquaintance to the present hour I
have sincerely entertained.
The question is: what is the present condi-
tion of the States in which the rebellion pre-
sided? I suppose all will agree that the rebel-
lion or the iosiiiiection or (if my tiiend will
have it so) the tvai. as coniradisiincoished
from rebellion and insurrection, ha < terminated.
There is no hostile force now to be found in any
one of the States in which the rebellion or the
insurrection or the civil war existed. i here
is no opposition found anywhere m those States,
bv act, to tho authority of the (iovfrnmeut of
the Union. The paramount obligation due to
that authority is practically conceded every-
where, and a willingness to abide by that par-
amount authority is manifested everywhere, so
far as my information extends. However it
may be in relation to indiuduals or classes of
individuals to lie found in those States, there
does not exist now in any one ot them amy pur-
pose or any wish to resist tho authority ot the
General Government. On the contra!y. so tar
from wishingt o resist that nut horny, their ardent
desire is to ha\e it exorcised over them, and to
be protected by all the scmriii.-s which the
Constitution throv, s around indi\ iduuls or States
in the exercUe of that authority.
If the fact be as I have stated, and I repeat
that 1 know of no evidence in contradiction of
it. then it would seem strange iliac any depart-
ment of this Government, while extending to
them the authoiity of tho <!overnment. enfor-
cing as against them the allegiance duchy them
to the Go\ernment. legislating in relation to
them bv virtue of authority, legislating ill every
form of legislation which Cougiess has a right
to ado]'! taxing them under the taxing power,
both bv tho imposition of duties upon imports
it! their several ports and by the imposition of
taxes bv your internal revenue law. S'lonlii be
unwilling to civo them the same security, the
same guarantee that the Constitution secures to
vou and to al 1 of us and our rc-pc t;, e Suites
m th.o execution of tiic same autnorm. upon us
and our States.
"With these preliminary remarks. !. deem it
necessary for the purpose i have in \.e\\ very
briefly >0 call the attention of the .Senate to the
character of the Government under v. hi eh we
live. Mv fiiend from Maine, and to a greater
extent the member from Masmchusetts, [Mr.
