1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
some committee. The bill does not go far
enough, if what we have been told to-day in re-
gard to the treatment of freedmen in the south-
ern States is true. The bill, perhaps, also may
be premature in the sense stated by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. We have not yet the official
information of the adoption of the constitu-
tional amendment. That that amendment will
be adopted, there is very little question; until
it is adopted there may be some question (I
do not say how the right is) as to the authority
of Congress to pass such a bill as this, but after
the adoption of the constitutional amendment
there can be none.
The second clause of that amendment was
inserted for some purpose, and I would like to
know of the Senator from Delaware for what
purpose? Sir, for the purpose, and none other,
of preventing State Legislatures from enslaving,
under any pretense, those whom the first clause
declared should be free. It was inserted ex-
pressly for the purpose of conferring upon Con-
gress authority by appropriate legislation to
carry the first section into effect. What is the
first section? It declares that throughout the
United States and all places within their juris-
diction, slavery nor involuntary servitude shall
exist; and then the second section declares
that Congress shall have authority by appro-
priate legislation to carry this provision into
effect. What that "appropriate legislation"
is, is for Congress to determine, and nobody
else.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to ask the hon-
orable Senator a question, with his consent,
first answering his own. He asks me for what
purpose that second section was introduced.
I do not know; I had nothing to do with it.
And now I wish to ask the honorable Senator
whether, when it was before this body foradop-
tion, he avowecl in his advocacy of it thai it was
meant for such purposes as are now claimed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I never understood it
in any other way.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Did you state it to the
Senate ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
stated it to the Senate. I might as well have
stated to the Senator from Delaware that the
clause which declared that slavery should not
exist anywhere within the United States means
that slavery should not exist within the United
States! I could make it no plainer by repeti-
tion or illustration than the statement itself
makes it. I reported from the Judiciary Com-
mittee the second scction of the constitutional
amendment for the very purpose of conferring
upon Congress authority to see that the first
section was carried out in good faith, and for
none other; and 1 hold that under that second
section Congress will have the authority, when
the constitutional amendment is adopted, not
only to pass the bill of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, but a bill that will be much more
efficient to protect the freedman in his rights.
We may, if deemed advisable, continue the
Freedmen's Bureau, clothe it with additional
powers, and if necessary back it up with a mili-
tary force, to sec that the rights of the men
made free by the first clause of the constitu-
tional amendment are protected. And, sir,
when the constitutional amendment shall have
been adopted, if the information from the South
be that the men whoso liberties are secured by
it are deprived of the privilege to go and come
when they please, to buy and sell when they
please, to make contracts and enforce con-
tracts, I give notice that, if no one else does, I
shall introduce a bill and urge its passage
through Congress that will secure to those men
every one of these rights: they would not be
freemen without them. It is idle to say that a
man is free who cannot go and come at pleas-
ure, who cannot buy and sell, who cannot en-
force his rights. These are rights which the
first clause of the constitutional amendment
meant to secure to all; and to'prevent the very
cavil which the Senator from Delaware sug-
gests to-day, that Congress would not have
power to secure them, the second section of
the amendment was added.
There were some persons who thought it was
unnecessary to add the second clause. It was
said by some that wherever a power was con-
ferred upon Congress there was also conferred
authority to pass the necessary laws to carry
that power into effect under the general clause
in$he Constitution of the United States which
declares that Congress shall have authority to
pass all laws necessary and projjer for carrying
into execution any of the powers conferred by
the Constitution. I think Congress would have
had the power, even without the second clause,
to pass all laws necessary to give effect to the
provision making all persons free; but it was
intended to put it beyond cavil and dispute, and
that was the object of the second clause, and I
cannot conceive how any other construction can
be put upon it.
Now, sir, I trust this bill may be referred,
because I think that a bill of this character
should not pass without deliberate considera-
tion and without going to some of the commit-
tees of the Senate. Butthe object which is had
in view by this bill I heartily sympathize with,
and when the constitutional amendment is
adopted I trust we may pass a bill, if the action
of the people in the southern States should
make it necessary, that will be much more
sweeping and efficient than the bill under con-
sideration. I will not sit down, however, with-
out expressing the hope that no such legisla-
tion may be necessary. I trust that the people
of the South, who in their State constitutions
have declared that slavery shall no more exist
among them, will by their own legislation make
that provision effective. I trust there may be
a feeling among them in harmony with the feel-
ing throughout the country, and which shall not
only abolish slavery in name, but in fact, and
that the legislation of the slave States in alter
years may be as effective to elevate, enlighten,
and improve the African as it has been in past
years to enslave and degrade him.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The honorable Sen-
ator says that this second clause of the act pro-
posing the amendment to the Constitution was
intended to obviate the very cavil which the
Senator from Delaware now indulges in. The
Senal or from Delaware is not given to caviling;
he generally speaks what he thinks and thinks
what he speaks: but this idea is not original
with inc. I do not claim to bo the author of
this doubt. Your own Secretary of State tel-
egraphed to the provisional governor of South
Carolina, Mr. Ferry, when he urged that it
might be contended that Congress had this
power under that clause of that act, that his
objection was "querulous," that the clause was
restrictive in its character; in other words, that
it was not meant to confer and could not be
understood as conferring upon Congress any
such power as that now claimed, but that i t was
in fact restrictive in its character. The Secre-
tary of State is presumed always to be honest
in what he says; he never cavils, everything
he says he. means, I suppose, and he has put
an interpretation upon this clause in perfect
accordance with that winch 1 myself have
advanced.
Sir, we hear much about that amendment;
and one word upon that subject and 1 have
done.
Tt is said that the constitutional amendment
is adopted. It requires three fourths of the
States to adopt the amendment. With my
theory of this Government and the State gov-
ernments, I might say it was adopted, having
now received the ratification perhaps of three
fourths of all the States ; but how honorable
Senators who hold that these southern States
are not in the Union, are not States, and have
not the power of self-government, can contend
that the constitutional amendment is adopted
by and through the action of the people down
South, I cannot imagine. It requires the
votes of three fourths of the States ; but how
can votes in its favor be regarded by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, and others
of like opinion, when they come from commu-
nities which he and they say are not States,'
are not entitled to the control of their own
domestic affairs, not entitled to legislate'for
themselves ? It seems that they are States for
one purpose and not States for any other pur-
pose. As far as the interests of the mack
man are concerned, if their action be"favorable*
to him, they are States, but for no other pur-
pose. I have listened to a great deal of illogi-'
cal reasoning in the last four or" five years,
and I confess this is a pretty good speci-
men. ' , ■
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the Senator .from
Michigan will withdraw his motion, to enable us
to take up a little bill I reported this morning
relative to jurors in this District.
" Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw the motion for
that purpose. •
DISTRICT 03? COLUMBIA JURORS.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
for the consideration at this Lime of House bill*
No. 21, which I reported this morning from
the Committee on the District of Columbia;
Objection was made to "it this morning, but I
am satisfied there will be no objection now.
By unanimous consent, the bill (II. II. No.'
24) to amend an act, entitled "An act provid-
ing for the selection of jurors to serve in the
several courts of the District of Columbia,"
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that if at any time it shall occur
that all of the names in the box provided for
in the fourth section of the act to which this bill
is an amendment shall have been drawn outat
any term of the court before the 1st of February
next ensuing, the court, or any judge thereof,
may order the marshal to summon from the
body of Washington county twenty-three cit-
izens, having the qualification of jurors, as pro-
vided in that act, to serve as grand jurors, and
twenty-six citizens having such qualifications,
to act as petit jurors, or either, as may be
needed at any subsequent term of court to be
held between the time of happening of the con-
tingency named and the 1 st of February then
next ensuing; and vacancies in cither grand or
petit jurors so ordered to be summoned may bo
filled up by other persons summoned by the
marshal upon the order of the court. As all
the names in the jury-box provided for by the
fourth section of the act to which this bill is
an amendment were, at the late term of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia, sit-
ting for the trial of crimes and misdemeanors,
drawn from the box, the bill also proposes lo
empower the judge assigned to hold the De-
cember term of the court for the year 180-3,, to
order the marshal to summon from the body of
Washington count}' twenty-three citizens, hav-
ing the qualifications of jurors, as provided for
in that act, to act as grand jurors for that term,
and twenty-six citizens, having such qualifica-
tions, to act as petit jurors.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Rep-
resentatives (IT. It. No. 20) requesting the
President to suspend any order mustering out
the officers of the Veteran Reserve corps until
j Congress shall take some legislative action in
I regard to the corps, was read twice by its title,
I and referred to the Committee on Military Af-
! fairs and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a little joint reso-
I lution which was yesterday left in a very un-
i certain state, proposing to donate the camp
! equipage at Camp Kinsman. I move that it
! be taken up and referred to the Military Com-
; miltee.
! The motion was agreed to ; and the joint res-
[ olution (EL R. No. 18) granting certain public
i property to the Soldiers' Orphans' Home of
| Iowa, was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HOWARD. I renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
