2068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
the flag "a damned old rag." At this junc-
ture old Ishmael Dayrushed instantly up stairs,
where he kept two guns loaded, seized one, shot
and killed the traitor who had insulted the na-
tional flag,and immediately, with the other gun,
he pursued the remaining rebel, who succeeded
in making his escape. Very soon the whole
party of raiders came upon the pld man,
threatened his life, and burned and destroyed
his property, being all that he possessed in the
world.
The matter was presented to the considera-
tion of the late President of the United States,
who directed that the amount of the loss sus-
tained by the petitioner should be collected by
military order and assessment by a levy upon
the property of disloyal, rebel sympathizers of
the vicinity. But this order, for some reason
unknown, was never executed; nor has the
petitioner ever received any compensation for
any part of his loss in thus defending his
country's flag.
The constitutional convention of Maryland,
which met soon after Day's display of patriot-
ism and loyalty, passed by a large majority the
following:
"Ordered, That the thanks of this convention,
representing as it does the people of Maryland, are
hereby tendered to the old citizen and patriot of Bal-
timore county, Ishmael Das7, tor his heroic and gal-
lant act in shooting down the traitor who dared to
pull down his country's flag which he had raised as i
an evidence of his loyalty and patriotism, which act
of daring heroism meets the approbation of the heart
and conscience of every loyal citizen of Maryland."
The committee state that they are satisfied
that Day needs the amount asked to provide
for his comfortable support during the remain-
der of his days. In recommending a favorable
consideration of the claim, they base their action
upon the extraordinary and peculiar circum-
stances of the ease ; and in view of the example
to the community at that critical period of the
country, they deem it but just to this brave
and aged patriot that his gallant deed should
receive the especial notice and recognition of
Congress and the country, and that compensa-
tion in a measure for the loss he actually sus-
tained should be made.
The committee further state that they do not
regard a recommendation of this claim as
establishing any precedent for the payment of
other claims for damages resulting from the
ravages of war.
Mr. ^ ASHBITRNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have read the resolution adopted by the
House on the report of this committee, which
forbids any claim of this kind going to that
committee.
Mr. ARD. I will ahswer the gentleman
if he will allow me. That resolution applied
only to the States that had been in the rebellion.
It does not of coarse apply to Maryland.
Sir. LOAN. Mr. Speaker, I would cheer-
fully support this measure if I could do so con-
sistently ; but this same Committee of Claims,
in the case of a lady from Springfield, Missouri,
who lost all of her property of every character
and description by the ravages of war, who also
lost her husband and has been left penniless
with six children to support, reported adversely
to it under the rule which they established. If
a claim of that kind could not receive a favor-
able consideration, I do not see why we should
make an exception in this case. I think it should
fare the common fate and be rejected like all
the others.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, the Committee
of Claims have not been lavish of their favors,
as the House will bear witness. They have felt,
as the guardians of the public Treasury at this
critical time in our affairs financially, wc should
be careful what kind of claims they should
allow or recommend to the House. They have
chosen to be just rather than to be generous, and
hence a great many claims appealing strongly
to our sympathy and patriotism have been re-
jected by the committee, not because of unwill-
ingness to give relief in these eases, butbecause
ot the condition of our finances and because
they would establish a precedent which might j
involve the uoimtry in the payment of large j
itmomifs of money. I
The committee felt that in this case, in the
case of this old man of seventy-four years of
age, who, in the midst of that treacherous com-
munity in which he lived, remained firm and
true to the flag of his country; who never re-
tired at night bat he prayed a prayer for our
imperiled nation and neyer rose in the morn-
ing but he raised the flag over his door-step ;
who, when that flag was torn down by a ruth-
less hand, shot the traitor who did it; and who
in consequence of that act was sent forth in his
old age to wander upon the face of the earth
without a roof to shelter him—in this case the
committee thought they were justified in pre-
senting this bill and report.
I remember very well, Mr. Speaker, when in
the outbreak of the rebellion, when the Union
was in jeopardy from traitors North and South
and in foreign countries, and even when the
Administration seemed to be conspiring to
overthrow the Government, thatthe first inspi-
ration we had from official circles, the first word
of encouragement from Washington which sent
a thrill of joy to every partriotic heart, was the
injunction of General John A. Dix to his sub-
ordinates, "Whoever shall haul down the
American flag, shoot him on the spot." That
injunction has become " as familiar as house-
hold words." It has rendered his name immor-
tal. Old Ishmael Day obeyed that injunction
and shot the traitor on the spot. Allow me to
express the fervent hope, through all the perils
which shall beset our national life in coming
ages, may this injunction be remembered and
the example of old Ishmael Day shine out to
fire the hearts and inspire the arms of our peo-
ple to the latest generation. I think wc should
stamp upon this act the seal of our approba-
tion. I hope there will be no dissenting voice.
Mr. UPSON. Is this to pay for property
destroyed by rebels?
Mr. Vv ASHBUENE, of Illinois. It is for
shooting down a traitor.
Mr. UPSON. On what principle is it pro-
posed to establish this precedent, and how is
it to be carried out?
Mr. WARD. He has shot down a traitor
for hauling down the American flag. I would
sustain every one who sustained the American
flag in that way. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. ROGERS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DELANO. I see that in some parts of
the House this question is not exactly under-
stood. The rule of the committee is to reject
all claims for damages that are the result of
the ravages of war. This man was a loser to the
amount of some seven or eight thousand dol-
lars. perhaps more. The committee felt that
they could do nothing for him, but that his
circumstances were peculiar, his act noble, and
such as commended itself to the hearts of
every one. Under these circumstances they
proposed to submit to this House the propriety
of giving this old man for the remaining years
of his life, that are fast running out, who in
his old age exhibited this high degree of gal-
lantry and patriotism, a small pension. It is
s?4U0 a year. Let us give him something. If
§400 is too much reduce it, but I think it is
not too much.
Mr._ WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I under-
stood it was for property destroyed by the rebels.
Mr. DELANO. I knew very well that the
question was not understood, and therefore I
made this explanation.
Several Members. We will go for it now.
Mr. WARD. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. HALE. A single suggestion. Tf this
is a pension bill it ought to go to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question being taken on the passage of
the bill, it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 107, nays 13, not voting G3; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Ander-
son, Delos It. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, J5ax-
ter, Bidwell, Bingham. Blaine, Bi-oomall, Buckland,
Bandy, Reader W, Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Coffroth, Conkling, Cook, Davis, Delano. Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Bggleston, Bdridge, Karns-
wortn, Farquhar, Ferry, l?i«cli, Garfield, Goodyear,
Abner C. Harding, Hayes, Henderson, Higby. liogan,
Hooper, Asahel w. Ilubbard, Chester 1). Hubbard.
Edwin N. Hubbell, James It. Hubbell, Hul'ourd,
Iugersoll, Jenekes, Julian, ICelley, Kelso, Ketchain,
Kuykendall, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Lynch,
Marshall, Marvin, McKee, McRuer, Mereur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morris, Moulton, Newell, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Plants, Prico,
Samuel J. Randall, John H. Riee, Ritter, Rollins,
Ross, Sehenck, Scofield, Shanklin, Shellabarger,
Smith, Spalding, Stevens, ijtrouse, Taber, Taylor,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trowbridge, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, William
B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Williams, James
P. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—10i.
NAYS — Messrs. Beaman, Benjamin, Boutwell,
Boyer, Bromwell, Hale, Harris, Longyear, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Rogers, Upson, and Elihu. B. Wash-
burne—13.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. AU y, James M. Ashley,
Barker, Bergen, Blow, Brandegee, Chanter, Cullom,
Culver, Darling, Dawes, Dawson, Defrees, Doming,
Denison, Dumont, Eekley, Eliot, Glossbrenner, Gri-
der, Grinnell, Griswold, Aaron Harding, Hart, Hill,
Holmes, llotchkiss, Dernas Ilubbard, John II. Hub-
bard, James Humphrey, JamesM. Humphrey, John-
son, Jones, Kasson, Kerr, Laflin, William Lawrence,
Le Blond. Loan, Marston, McCiurg, McCullough,
Melndoe. Morrill. Myers. Noell, Pike, Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II.
Rice, Rousseau, Sawyer, Sitgroaves, Sloan, Starr,
Stilwell, Trimble, Van Aernam, Whaley, Wmflold,
and Wright—03.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Noell, was confined to his
house by sickness.
Mr. BROOM ALL stated that Mr. Stark was
detained at his house by sickness.
Mr. ANCONA stated that his colleague. Mr.
Johssox, was detained at his house by sick-
ness, and that. Mr. Dexisox had paired with
Mr. Ashley, of Ohio.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN WELLS AND SONS.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a joint resolution for the
relief of John Wells & Sons.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the remission of so much of the penalty incurred
by reason of the failure of John Wells & Sons,
of Baltimore, to complete their contract in
1808 for repairing the steamer City of Albany,
as may not be covered by the actual loss of the
Government by reason of the delay in the com-
pletion of the said steamer in accordance with
the strict terms of the contract.
Mr. DELANO. There is a written report,
but I can give the House the facts of the case,
and then gentlemen may call for the leading
of the report if they choose.
The memorialists contracted for the repair
of this steamer, with a penalty in the couiuict
of $200 a day for every day that might tians-
pire beyond the time agreed upon for the com-
pletion of the repairs. Various circumstances,
over which the contractors had not altogether
a control, caused a delay of fortv-fivc days, so
'thatthe penalty amounted to 80,000, and the
entire contract prico was only $7,335. The
difference between those two sums, namely,
§1,675, has been paid under protest.
Now, the examination shows to the satisfac-
tion of the committee that it turns out that the
vessel was not required for service during the
interval of time, and that the Government did
not actually sustain any damage for the want
of its use. It seemed to (he committee unjust
to demand the bond. Shyloek-likc, for this
penalty; and yet they did not foci disposed to
decide that there were no damages sustained
