44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
' HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. '
Wednesday, December 13, 18G5.
Tlie House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boxxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message ibojt the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced" that the Senate had
concurred in the joint resolution of the House
for the appointment of a joint committee of
fifteen members to inquire into the condition
of the States which formed the so-called con-
federate States, with sundry amendments, in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
executive communication.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a statement
of appropriations for the naval service for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1805, expenditures,
balances, &e., required-by the second section
of the act of May 1, ISliO; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the reg-
ular order of business, to call the committees
for reports.
contested-election papeks.
_ Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution; whieli
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Jlrsolncrl, That all the papers in the several eases
ot contested clectionsnow or hereafter referred to the
Committee of Eleetions,_ bo printed in whole or in
part, m tlio discretion oi i-:,iid committee, and under
its direction.
vete-ran reserve corps.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution re-
questing the President of the United States to
suspend any order mustering out the officers
of the Veteran Reserve corps until Congress
shall take some legislative action in regard to
the corps; and upon the resolution demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the resolution was read
a iirst and second time.
_ The question being on ordering the resolu-
tion to be engrossed and read a third time—
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the resolution was ordered
to bo engrossed and read a third time; and be-
ing engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Ohio a question, and that
is, whether the men of the Veteran Reserve
corps have been mustered out, and whether it
is proposed to continue the officers alter the
men are all mustered out?
Mr. SCHENCK. The men are nearly all
mustered out. It was submitted, as a ouestiou,
to tiie officers and men to vote whether they
would lie discharged from the service or not.
This was done under an order of the War De-
partment. The men, as all the men of the reg-
ular Army, with perhaps here and there an ex-
ception, and as all the <--ailors on board the ]
several ships of war would do i f an opportunity ;
were ottered, either for the sake of a holiday j
or lor the sake of getting rid of the service, j
voted almost unanimously to go out, leaving I
the officers of the corps, the organization of !
which has not yet been broken ur>, still in ser- !
vice. x !
About one half of these officers are now !
employed by the Government: and from the j
treedmen's Bureau and other quarters anpli- i
cations are made from time to time to put upon I
duty numbers ot these officers, whieli requests i
ore usually complied with on the part of the '
War Office.
What is now proposed is, that the officers of
that corps who are unemployed shall not be
summarily dismissed from the service, but that
some little time shall be given by a suspension
of the order dismissing them from service until
Congress shall take some action in respect to
the future disposition to be made of the corps,
either by incorporating it into the regular Army,
or giving it an organization and permitting it
to'fill up its numbers as a part of that regular
Army, or permitting its officers to return to pri-
vate life.
This corps consists of officers, eighty-five per
cent, of whom during the rebellion have been
actually wounded, but who have recovered so
fur as to permit them to enter the ser\ ice again.
A percentage of from ten to fifteen, making
up the whole of the remainder, consistsofthose
who have been disabled by sickness contracted
in the service, but from which they have since
recovered so as to be fit for.duly, and it is pro-
posed not to turn out upon the world under any
action that has taken place these officers, many
of them men of family, with persons depend-
ent upon them for support, wdiichmustbegiven
in some way until there is time for Congress to
aet and determine what disposition shall bo
made of the corps, whether it shall be retained
as a part of the regular Army or not. That is
the_ whole scope and purpose of the resolution,
which is temporary in its character.
Mr. STEVENS. I was just going to asklhe
gentleman a question upon that very point. I
understand now that this is not intended as a
permanent arrangement, but only until the com-
mittee shall have time to look into the matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs propose that Congress shall ask the
President to suspend action merely until there
can bo an opportunity of looking into the sub-
ject and determining as to the disposition to be
made in the future of this corps.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to that course, but it occurred to me that from
the fact that this Veteian Reserve corps had
been organized entirely by orders from the
War Department, and was made up wholly
from the volunteer service, the men were en-
titled of right to be discharged from the service
when the war was over. Nearly all of them
had enlisted for the war against the rebellion,
and it was their right to be discharged. It
seems to nip, therefore, that the submission of
the question to the men to vole whether they
would be discharged or not was a very singular
proceeding. It was the right of the men to be
discharged under the contract they had made
with the Government, and it strikes me as a
very singular proceeding to ask that the officers
shall bo kept in the service of the Government
when there are no men to command. The men
ot their regiments and companies have been
mustered out ; there arc not even skeletons !
left for the officers of these regiments to com- !
mand, and this is a proposition to continue '
them in the service to draw their pay from the
Treasury.
The men who composed the Veteran Reserve
corps were wounded men also; they had been
sening the Government at twelve dollars a :
i month. These officers are getting all the way I
; from one hundred to two hundred and fifty ,
; dollars a month, and have been receiving it all !
I this time, and I do not think that Congress j
i ought to he asked to continue them in the ser-
I vice any longer than they have men to coni-
| mand.
| Mr. CONKLING- I would like to ask the
gentleman from Ohio a question, and to say a
j word.
j Mr. SCHENCK. I yield to the gentleman
! for that purpose.
j Mr. CONKLING-. I understand, as has
been already suggested by the gentleman from
Illinois. [Mr. Fabxkwortji,] that this corps
sprang from the action of the War Department :
and is not subject to the discretion and good
sense of that Department, and I would like to
mquiro whether the intervention of Congress
now in tuis way will not lie taken by the chair-
man ot the Military CommiUec as an indica-
tion on the part of Congress that this corps, as
far as it still exists, is to be perpetuated. I
would like to know whether in the contempla-
tion of the Military Committee this resolution,
if it passes, does not tend to the perpetuation
of this corps ?
Mr. SCHENCK. I could not, perhaps, bet-
ter reply to the inquiry made by the honorable
gentleman from. New York, [Mr. Coxkling,]
than to refer him to the language of the resolu-
tion, which proposes a temporary suspension,
and only asks that it may take place until there
shall be time to investigate the subject and for
Congress to take some legislative action which
may determine the future disposition to be
made of this corps. That is the whole scope
of the resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not forget the lan-
guage of the resolution wdien I seek the infor-
mation which I do, and mypointthegentleman
from Ohio docs not altogether take. The prop-
osition is this: this is a subject now, and has
been from the beginning, wholly in the discretion
of the War Department, to do what it deems
wise and best in all respects, and I ask him
whether the interposition by a resolution, even
with this phraseology,isnotanintimation to the
Department from Congress that, in the judgment
of Congress, this corps ought to be continued by
way of paving the way to a permanent establish-
ment ; whether that is not the fair tendency, if
not the design, of this resolution?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think not, but the" gen-
tleman is as capable of drawing an inference as
I am. I can onlyreply that it was unanimously
concluded by the members of the Military Com-
mittee, all being present excepting some two
or three, under existing circumstances to ask a
suspension of action by the War Department,
j through the President, upon this subject, be-
' cause they happened to be aware of the'tact'ihat
! unless that request was made, the Secretary of
i War would feel it his duty to dismiss these offi-
' cers now from the service after the action that
has taken place by the vote of the privates, and
that in a summary manner.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the gen-
tleman whether, in his opinion, these officers
could not be found and commissioned if neees-
sarv hereafter? ,
Mr. SCHENCK. It is more than improb-
able they could be found: and if found, in what
condition I will not undertake to say. Thegen-
i tleman i s as capable of judging as mysc-lf whether
or not an officer wounded in the service of the
country, whose services it has been thought
proper to retain because of his merits, who has
j upon his hands a wife and half a dozen children,
| if turned loose without employment of any kind,
| can be recovered for the public service some
| months, or years even, hereafter.
; In reply to what was rather the argument
j than the inquiry of the gentleman from Illinois,
; [Mr. Fauxswokth,] I will say that it wasproba-
, bly the right of the privates to determine each
, for himself whether he would remain in the
j service or not, when the question was submit-
ted to him by an order from the War Depart-
! mcnt._ Each private may have felt that he had
! that right, because when they were transferred
1 from the volunteer organizations, to which they
formerly belonged, to this corps, they naturally
■ expected that they would go out with the ex-
! piration ot the terms of service of the several
; regiments from which they had been transferred.
I So it was the right of each officer to \ oio to go
out when the question was submitted to him.
liut the question of right does not. in the first
place, apply in this case at all to the privates,
because there is nothing contemplated hero in
reference to the privates.
So far as the officers arc concerned, while tlio
naked right exi.-tsnow and did exist to go out,
they not having elected to go out, the question of
expediency now arises, wiiat shallb" done with
them? Asa question of expediency. I hold that
these men have a claim not only upon the sym-
pathy, but the justice of the Government, not
to turn them out of the service in a summary
manner, but to wait, for a. lilile while, at least
tint il Congress shall advUi-dly take some action
in regard to this corps, whether to retain it ia
