1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
its present organization, or to incorporate it in
some other organization of tlie service, or some
other action. That is the whole extent and
scope of this resolution; that they shall be tem-
porarily retained, or that a request shall be
made to the President to retain them tempo-
rarily, with a view to enable Congress to con-
sider the subject and take some order in the
shape of legislation in regard to the matter.
Mr. CONKLING-. if X have not interrupted
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexcic] too
much already, I wish to make a further re-
mark. If the whole purpose of the resolution
is to hold this subject in impartial abeyance for
action, the objection to it is no doubt slight,
and I am willing to assume good reason exists
for its adoption.
I will add, however, that having had recent
occasion to see a considerable body, selected
by chance, from officers of the Veteran Reserve
corps, I certainly cannot quite agree that the
ofliccrs of that corps, as a body, fall within the
considerations of sympathy suggested by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sciiexck.] On the
contrary, I am bound to avow the belief that,
so far as a large part of the officers not mus-
tered out are concerned, they are a body of
men quite as able, to say the least, to maintain
and care for themselves as other persons now
or lately in the military service, and out of the
service, for whom nothing is proposed. No
doubt'there is a large percentage of exceptions
to what I state. But I am sure I speak within
bounds when I say that this corps, as it now
stands, while containing many men to whom
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
St,'HEXCK] are applicable, also contains a large
number of men to whom those considerations
have no application at all. And for one, when
the time shall come to vote upon the question
whether all these officers as a body are to be
retained permanently in the service, or to bo
mustered out, if it must be wholly one way or
wholly the other, I shall vote to muster them
out as a measure of retrenchment and econ-
o;nv.
Mr. SCHICK. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Conkxtxo] take
something of the form of argument and state-
ment, as well as of inquiry. I shall not, how-
ever, undertake to reply to the extent of being
drawn into a discussion of the merits of this
body of officers to whom reference is made by
the resolution. In the first place, I can only
say, as to the future disposition to be made of
this corps, I have not for one made up my mind
what is the best legislation upon that subject.
Whether to retain the corps as a body, or in-
corporate it in the regular Army, ortohaveare-
vision of it and an examination of those who at
present constitute those olticers. with a view to
an admission of a portion of them; all of that I
leave to be considered, discussed, and acted
upon by Congress hereafter. The resolution
proposes only that they shall not now be dis-
missed in a summary way, but that Congress
should take time to determine what shall be
done.
Now, as to the general merits of the offi-
cers in this corps, 1 have only to say that the.
conclusions which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Coxktjvo] and myself have re-
spectively reached upon this subject are very
dissimilar. I hold that they are a body of men,
taken as a whole, of exceedingly meritorious
character. Eighty-five per cent, of those of
whom this body consists have been wounded
more or less severely in the public service, in
fighting to put down the rebellion. It is a body
of men who have proved themselves to the
country and to the Government as entitled to
both sympathy and justice from that country,
and from theO overnment representing the coun-
try. I hold that if any class of men is entitled
to the gratitude of this country, for services
actually rendered, it is this body of men, whose
character as a body the gentleman now calls in
question.
But taking the gentleman's own proposition,
that there is a large percentage of meiitoiious
Officers included in this body, that very fact is
a reason why they should not be summarily and
as a whole turned out until there shall be some
opportunity, under the legislation of Congress,
for culling out those who are meritorious, and
giving them the opportunity to remain, in the
scrvice.
Mr. CONKLING. lam sure that the gen-
tleman from Ohio does not intend to put me in
- a false position.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly not.
Mr. CONKLING. He does so most em*
phatically when ho represents me as calling in
question the character of these gentlemen or any
of them. All I mean to say is, that this corps
includes a great many men who do not fall es-
pecially within the purview of the gentleman's
remarks; not that 1 question the character of
a single man in the corps, and not that I deny
any part of the meed of praise which the gen-
tleman wishes to bestow.
Mr. SCHENCK. I may have misunder-
stood the gentleman. I certainly did under-
stand him to take the ground that at least a
large majority of this corps are as capable of
earning their living in some other way as any
other class of men, and had no more claims
upon the Government.
Mr. CONKLING. Not a majority—a con-
siderable number.
Mr. SCHENCK. But, however that may
be, I say that, upon the gentleman's own ad-
mission, a very considerable number—I think
his words were ''a large percentage"—are
entitled to the respect, the sympathy, the grat-
itude, thejusticc of the Government for ser-
vices performed. This admission is sufficient
to make out my case, and show that wo ought
not to turn out in a summary way a body of
men that includes within it any considerable
percentage having that character, but that we
can afford at least to wait a little while, and
not put them in a position to require that they
should apply for what I suppose the gentle-
man himself will admit they cannot receive
while in the public sen ice—pensions for the
wounds which they have received and the dis-
ability they have incurred. Instead of putting
them upon the pension list, I propose to keep
them in the service for a little while until
Congress can act on the subject understand-
ingly; and I hope such1 action will bo taken
promptly.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr.AYASHBIJI'Nll, of I IJinois. Ifthisjoint
resolution should not pass, will not this whole
matter be within the discretion of the Secretary
of V\rar, and cannot that officer, if he please,
keep these men in the service until Congress
shall act?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will answer that ques-
tion by saying that the Secretary of War 1ms no
desire to dismiss these men summarily from the
service ; but, though it is within his power to
retain them, he feels that, unless some intima-
tion be made to him of a desire on the part of
Congress that ho shall wait until there can be
some legislation on the subject, he will be
obliged to muster them out, at least so many
as are unemployed, even before legislationxan
be had. It is with the full concurrence of the
Secretary of War, and after consultation with
him on behalf of the Committee oii_ Military
A ifairs, that this resolution is now offered.
'1 he question being upon the passage of the
joint resolution,
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois, callcd for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative — yeas 111, nays 50, not
voting 21; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. A!li=on, Aneona. .Tames M. Ashley,
Baker, Banks. Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Bhiwetl.
Bkisham, Blaine, Blow, Bromtsojl, Bruomall, Back-
!y, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Dixon. Donnelly.
.iiiid. .liun'i .
Cook. Davis. Delano. Deiaing
Jenckes.'lCeUoy, Kelso, Kerr, Ketoham, Kuy kendall,
Mereur, Morrill, Morris, Moalton, Myers, Newe-11,
O'K eill.Orth, Pam e, Patterson, Perham, Plants, Prieo,
Samuel J. Randall, W'ifiiam. H, Hand all, Raymond,
Alexander II. ltice, John H. Rice, Itollins, Sawyer,
Schenek, SeofielS, Shellaharger,' Sitgreaves, Smith,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stillwell, Taylor, IhaTOT)
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge, VanAer-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Vaorhees,
W ard, W arner, W illiam B. W ashburn. W elker, W en^
worth, Wlialey, Williams, Btepboji,!',-Wilson,'Wis-
dom, Winfield, Woodbridio,-and Wright—111. '•  
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson, Baldwin,
Bergen, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee, ®ro.oks, Chto-
ler, Oonkling, Cullom, Darling, Dawson, Dcfrees,
Dcnison, Eldridgo, Parnsworth. Sinck. Gtossbrenrier,
Gridcr, Aaron Harding, Abnor C, Harding, Hart,
Hogan, Hotehkiss, J ohn II. Hubbard, Hulburd,-Tames
Humphrey,. James M. Humphrey Johnson, George
V. Lawrence, te Blond, Marshall, J&eCulloueh, Me--
Ruer, Moorhoad, Niblac-k, Nicholson, Noell, Phel®s,
Radford, Ritter. Rogers, Ross, Shanklin, Tabor, Trim-
ble, Elihu B. Washbume, and James F. Wilson—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos It. Ashley, Benja-
min, Culver, Dawes, Dumont, Goodyear, Griswold,
Harris, Hooper, Edwin N. Hubbcll, Jones, Julian,
Kasson, Miller, Pike, Pomcroy, Rousseau, Sloan,
Stroose,-Francis Thomas, and Upson—21.
So tho joint resolution was passed.
Mr. SCIIENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HUNDRED DAYS' MEN.
Mr. DARLING submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
llesolv.d. That tl;e Committee on Military Affairs
be directed to inquire into the propriety of allowing
pensions to the .surviving representatives of soldiers
called into the service of tho United States for tho
period of one hundred days, or loss, and who died
whi'o in said servico; said committee to report by
bill or otherwise.
JlEatrtAR ORDEK.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, _ of Illinois. I call for
tho regular order of business.
The SPEA KEll. Tho regular order of busi-
ness is tho call of committees for reports.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask tho gentleman to yield
to me to submit a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. WASHLLItNK, of Illinois. I disliko
to object to gentlemen, but if we adhere to the
regular order of business I think we will get
along belter. I will yield to tho gentleman,
and hear his resolution read'.
DUTY ON SALT.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit'the following resolu-
tion :
lifsnh-'i!, That the Committee oi Ways and Means
bo instructed to consider the expediency of increas-
ins tho tariil or duty on foreign salt imported into
tho United States, by tho amount of the duty im-
posed by the aet of 1SHI, to provide for internal rev-
enue, on manufactured in the United States, and
to report by bill or otherwise at an early date.
Mr. ANCONA., -'I objoct.
INDIANA^CO.VrUKTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. OETH presented additional testimony
in tho Indiana contested-election case of Wash-
burn e against Voorhees, and ^moved that it be
referred 'to the Committee of'Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
KENTUCKY SOLBIKKS' HOME.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call commit-
tees for reports.
Mr. SMi'III, from the Committee on tho
Militia, repotted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
E< '.ulctd. That the Committee on tho Militia be,
;■hereby, directed to inquire into the condition
of the Government property, at Jlariodflmrfr, Ken-
tucky, and whether or not t--aid property cau be pro-
em-oil by the Stale of Kentucky a= homo for her
diddled and woumled soldiers; and said committee
shall have power to report by bill or otherwise.
MISSOURI STATE MILITIA.
Tho SPEAKER then proceeded to tall on
the States for resolutions.
Mr. LOAN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Rnsoh'<iJ, That tho Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pla*
cicg tho troops known as the Missouri State militia on
