1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3029
I am discussing, and of course its purpose—
for gentlemen of the intelligence of those who
are friends of this measure must be supposed
to know what its effect is and to design to bring
about in some way or other some change in the
politics of the State—the effect is to strip the
South of a portion of her representation unless
she will agree to change her suffrage laws. 1
do not know that the South would adopt—1
am sure that it ought not to adopt—the course
which I am about to suggest; but suppose that
the moment this provision is adopted they ad-
mit their blacks by law to the right of suffrage ;
then their representation will not be dimin-
ished. Suppose that when the representation
lias been apportioned on this basis, they repeal
those statutes. The right to do either cannot
be denied. The right to do the first is con-
ceded by the proposition before us, and the
power which includes the right to do the first
necessarily includes the right to do the other.
Are you going to change the number of Repre-
sentatives of those States just in proportion
from time to time as the suffrage may be ex-
tended or diminished? If that is the object,
ws shall be in a state of constant turmoil.
Why should it be so? What can the northern
States apprehend from having the States of the
South represented as the Constitution now
provides? What, gentlemen, arc you afraid
of looking at your own section?
What now is the whole number of Repre-
sentatives? The whole number of Represent-
atives in the other House, under the appor-
tionment made after the census of 1860, in
virtue of the act of March 4, 1802, and other
acts, is two hundred and forty-two. Of that
number what were denominated as free States
before slavery was abolished are entitled to
one hundred and fifty-seven, and what were
known as the slave Slates eighty-five, showing
an excess of Representatives on the part of
free States over those from the, slave States of
seventy-two. In other words, if the States
were all represented now as they were repre-
sented before the rebellion commenced, there
would be a clear majority of Representatives
upon the part of the northern States of seventy-
two. Then it is an insult to those States, it is
to impeach the integrity of their Representa-
tives now in Congress or who may come into
Congress at any time hereafter, to suppose
that with such a majority as that the respect-
ive interests of their States, if such interests
shall be supposed to conflict at all with the in-
terests of all the States, will not be protected.
It is to toll the country that you doubt your
own ability : you, with one hundred and fifty-
seven Representatives, doubt your power to
copo in the councils of the nation with eighty-
five Representatives from the southern States;
to tell them consequently that although your
majority is a majority of seventy-two, you are
apprehensive that in some way or other the
South may get the control of the Government.
What a reflection upon yourselves! I was
about to say, how dishonoring to yourselves,
if such an apprehension is entertained, is such
an apprehension. What an imputation it is
upon the wisdom and the firmness and the
patriotism of your own people. What a strong
and startling fact will it be considered and be
used by those who question the ability of the
people to govern themselves, that their rep-
resentatives upon this floor wish to guard by
constitutional amendment their being injured
by the efforts of eighty-five men coming from
the southern States against one hundred and
fifty-seven men coming from the free States.
I invoke honorable Senators to be as firm, as
decided, and as energetic in defending the in-
terests of their respective States in the coun-
cils of the nation as they and their people have
discovered themselves firm and energetic in
defending the interests of the whole upon the
battle-fields of the late struggle. Do not show
the white feather now. Do not, above all, say
to your fellow-countrymen and to the world",
"We are not the equals of the men of the
South when wo are brought together in the
councils of the nation." You do not think so.
I am sure; certainly I do not think so, and
never have thought so; but I invoke you, as a
friend, not to interfere with the rights secured
to the southern States now by the Constitution
which our fathers gave us, upon the pretense,
utterly without foundation, that the rights of
your respective States will he subjected to the
slightest peril by continuing the representation
as it stands.
Mr. President, I have now said all that I
propose to say upon the operation of the sec-
ond section as it was originally presented to
the Senate and as it is proposed to be amended
by the honorable member from Oregon, and
having upon a former occasion submitted all
the remarks that I deem it necessary to sub-
mit in relation to the third section of the ori-
ginal proposition, which I do not understand
it is proposed to alter 
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understood the Sena-
tor to say that he had proposed to make some
remarks upon the amendment that 1 offered.
Mr. JOHNSON. So 1 did.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With the permission of
the Senator I will state here that the amend-
ment which I offered I find is subject to some
verbal criticism which is plausible, but I do
not think well founded. I find it so easy to
remove the difficulty that, upon consultation
with the committee and the other friends of
the measure, I propose to strike out certain
words and substitute others which will, per-
haps, obviate some of the objections of the
Senator.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 had said all I propose
to say upon it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 propose to modify it by
striking out the words—
But whenever the right to vote at any election
held under the Constitution and laws of the United
States or of any State,—
And to insert the words:
But when the ris?ht to vote at any election for tbo
choico of electoisfor Piesident and Vice President
of the United States, Kepresentatives in Congress
the executive and judicial otliccrsof a State, or mem-
bers of the Legislature thereof.
Specifying particularly the officers for which
these people must bo allowed to vote in order
to be counted.
Mr. JOHNSON". That removes some of the
objections to which I supposed the original
proportion was subject; and that shows how
exceedingly cautious we should be in those
constitutional amendments; how very difficult
it is to change the Constitution of the United
States for any good purpose; and I mean by
purpose, for the accomplishment of any good
end. Now, what is the history of this at-
tempt? At the beginning of the session a joint
committee of fifteen was appointed to take
into consideration the proper measures to be
adopted, and they reported, first, the proposed
amendment of the Constitution, of the 31st of
January. That was rejected. They reported
next, as a second plan, on the 10th of May,
1800, one article consisting of five sections;
and here it lay for several days, when it went
through an examination elsewhere, and the
result was the report made by the honorable
member from Michigan on the 20th of May
last. Almost the entire thing has been changed
since; and hero is my friend from Oregon,
who, yesterday or the day before, after bring-
ing all tlio .muteness which belongs to him to
the examination of the second section as pro-
posed by the committee, and after calling, no
doubt, other fi iends of the measure to aid him,
introduced his substitute for the second see-
lion : and only two days have gone by when
lie has become satisfied that he was wrong.
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Or, if he has not, lie has
not been able to satisfy his friends that he is
right; which is pretty much the same tiling;
and lie says very frankly that he proposes to
amend it. Sir, without meaning to disparage
the members of the Senate of the United
States, or the men of the present age found
in the public councils, either of the States or
of the United States, I have a very shrewd
suspicion that we are not the superiors of the
men who formed the Convention that adopted
the Constitution.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I beg to ask the honor-
able Senator whether the members of the Con-
vention which originally formed the Constitu-
tion of the United States, with all their wisdom,
did not have about as much difficulty in mak-
ing the Constitution as we have in agreeing
upon amendments?
Mr. J OHNSON. I know they had; but they
accomplished it and it was adopted ; and they
took a great while to do it, and they did it,
not in the midst of a political excitement. No
presidential election was looming in the dis-
tance or near at hand. No contest for polit-
ical power, as is about to come off even in the
present year. A nation was to be created by
means of their wisdom, and a nation they did
create, awful in war, happy and conservative
in peace. Now we are about to change it in
a vital particular, even by the very amendment
of the honorable member from Oregon, to
change, the basis of representation as they
established it, although such a man as Hamil-
ton, in the number of the Federalist to which
I have adverted, said that not a member of the
Convention doubted that that was the propel*
basis. Upon that they had ho difficulty. They
said that, according to the republican theory
upon which the freedom of the people of the
United States was supposed to rest, all ought
to be represented. Now it is proposed to deny
the right to be represented of a part, simply
because they arc not. permitted to exercise the
right, of voting. You do not put them upon
the looting of aliens, upon the footing of reb-
els, upon the footing of minors, upon the foot-
ing of the females, upon the footing of those
who may have committed crimes of the most
heinous character. Murderers, robbers, house-
burners, counterfeiters of the public securities
of the United Slates, all who may have com-
mitted any crime, at anytime, against the laws
of the United Stales or the laws of a particular
State, are to be included within the basis ; but
the, poor black mail, unless he is permitted to
vote, is not to be represented, and is to have
no interest in the Government. Why, sir, my
friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumxf.u] has
over and over again said that the State gov-
ernments, even as they existed before the
rebellion, and as they now exist, are not
republican governments, and that we should
change them by virtue of the obligation im-
posed upon the Government of the United
States to guaranty to the people of each State
a republican form of government. What more
anti-republican doctrine, looking to the genius
of our institutions, can be imagined than that
which says that there may be within the limits
of any State a people who are not to be repre-
sented? The war of the Revolution was not
waged because of the miserable tax which
England imposed, but because she claimed the
right to tux those who were not to bo repre-
sented; in other words, because the eolonies
had no representation in the Parliament of
England. And yet jou tax the freedman; the
States t ax the freedman ; you subject the freed-
man to the authority of both, while at the
same time you say, "You may not be repre-
sented, and it is not our purpose to secure a
representation to you. Everybody else is to
be entitled to the benefit of the doctrine that
there shall be no taxation without representa-
tion, but yon are to be an exception."
Mr. CONNESS. Because you are disfran-
chised.
Mr. JOHNSON. Because you are disfran-
chised ! So are women disfranchised ; so are
rebels disfranchised : so are children disfran-
chised ; so are the Chinese in California dis-
franchised. Why do you want to represent
! them? Yon have them all represented under
] this amendment. I have had occasion before to
state wlut I supposed to be the clear misappre-
hension of this doctrine. The honorable mem-
berseemsto suppose that representation and the
franchise are identical. Tnev are, as different
as light from darkness. The Constitution says
so : yenr own amendment proclaims it. You
