1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2069
by the Government. They, therefore, refer
the matter to the Government to say how much
actual damages they sustained by reason of the
delay in furnishing the vessel, and they allow
so much of the penalty to be remitted as was
not covered by actual loss.
Mr. WASlJBURNE, of Illinois. Is that the
purport of this joint resolution?
Mr. DELANO. That is its purport, and its
language is clear and explicit, and that is all
there is in the case. _
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vole
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
theodore g. eiswald.
Sir. DELANO also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, bill of the Senate No. 250,
for the relief of Theodore G. Eiswald.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue and pay to Theodore G. Eiswald, of
Providence, Khode Island, two United States
seven-thirty bonds of $l,000each, with coupons
attached, in lieu of two such bonds owned by
him and destroyed by fire, the charred remains
thereof being now deposited in the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury, the claimant being
required to execute a bond to be approved by
the Solicitor of the Treasury indemnifying the
United States against any loss, cost, or dam-
ages on account of the issuing of such bonds.
_ Mr. WASIIBUUNE, of Illinois. I would
like to have the report read in this case if there
be one. .
Mr. DELANO. There is a Senate report,
but I can give the gentleman from Illinois a
briefer statement of tlie facts.
The evidence is clear that two seven-thirty
bonds of SI,000 each, by having been acci-
dentally placed in an exposed position on a
stove, were burnt, that the charred remains
were taken to the Treasury Department, and
that the bonds were identified by their num-
bers. That is attested by the certificate of the
officers. The proof of the destruction and also
of the identity of the bonds is perfectly clear.
The Department itself is satisfied that it is
proper that a law should be passed authorizing
these bonds to be renewed.
I desire to say here to tlic House that this
subject is one which lias given the Committee
of Claims great anxiety, and that their rule is
to recommend, in the first place, the duplicat-
ing of no bond without the most pcrfect and
satisfactory proof of its destruction ; and they
have gone further and refused to authorize the
duplicating of any securities issued by the G ov-
ernment that come under the class of circula-
tion, including compound-interest notes. The
committee recommend the passage of this bill.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning- hour has
expired, and the Committee of Claims will be
again called next Friday.
mtee and harbor improvements
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee on Commerce, in considering the river
and harbor bill, desire some information from
the War Department. I therefore ask the
unanimous consent of the House to offer the
following resolution:
f!r>?oIrrd, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House tko following official
reports:
1. IScport of mixed board of engineers and naval
oinoer.N of whirI\ Co.nmodore Latimer was president,
and Majors <Jh:ice. Bernard, and Bcatu'csnrd were
member,;, in 1831 or 185:?.
2. The report of Major Beauregard in 1852 or in 1853
relative to success of tow-boat company in deepen-
ing Southwest Pass as per contract.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received and agreed to.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Public Lands were
discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of John B. Chapman, and the same
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
poblio printing appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of considering a small
bill making appropriation for a deficiency in
the appropriations for the public printing. I
understand that the money is needed this
month.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Smith in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of the
House No. 500, making appropriations to sup-
ply a deficiency in the appropriation for the
public printing for the year ending June 30,
18G6.
The hill was read by clauses far amendment,
but no amendments were offered.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope the committee
will lay aside this bill and take up House bill
No. 211, to authorize the President to appoint
certain officers of his household and fixing thcii'
duties. The bill has been in the committee for
a long lime, and it will take button minutes to
dispose of it.
Mi. SCHENCK. I hope the committee will
not procced to any other business. 1 yielded
to the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations only to dispose of the one bill.
Mr. SPALDING. This bill will not take
more than ten minutes.
Mr. SCHENCK. It will take much more
time than that, I am sure.
Mr. STEVENS. I insist on my motion that
the committee rise and report the bill to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Smith reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration the special
order, being bill of the House No. 500, making
appropriations to supply a deficiency in the
appropriations for the public printing for the
year ending June 80, 18136, and had directed
him to report the same lo the House without
amendment, and with the recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previousqucs-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the fable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reorganization op the army.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 301) entitled "An act to reor-
ganize and establish the Army of the United
States.''
The following section was under considera-
tion :
Sec. lo. And be. it further cnoctcd, That the Adju-
tantO-cneral's d pparlment of the Army shall hereafter
consist of the number of officers now authorized by
law, namely, one adjutant general, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments! of a brigadier general; two
assistant adjutant generals, with the rank, nay, and
emoluments of colonols of cavalry; four adjutants,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of lien ten ant
coloncls of cavalry; and.thirteen adjutants, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of majors of cavalry.
But after the first appointments made under the
provisions of this section, as vacancies may occur in
the grade of major, no' appointment shall be made
to fill such vacancy until the number of majors, in
the department shall be reduced to ten, to which
number the said grade shall thereafter be limited.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Thayer to strike out all of the section
after the enacting clause, and insert the fol-
lowing :
That the Adjutant General's department shall
hereafter consist of the officers now authorized by
law, and their rank shall be as follows, namely: one
adjutant gencra.1, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general; four assistant adjutant
gen>>ra.ls, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
coloncls of cavalry; five assistant adjutant generals,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant
colonels; and ten assistant adjutant generals, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of majors,
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the vote is taken
uponthe substitute, I will move, for the pur-
pose of perfecting the section, to add the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That nothing in this section shall be
construed to vacate thecommission of any officer now
commissioned as assistant adjutant general, butonly
to change the title to adjutant, in the case of those
who rank as lieutenant colonels and majors, without
affecting in any way their relative position, ,.r the
time from which thoy take such rank.
Those of the members of the House who
remember the discussion upon this subject
yesterday, will see that the amendment I have
offered removes the objection which was made,
that there might by some possibility be a con-
struction of the law, if this bill should be passed
as reported by the committee, so as to legislate
out of office these particular gentlemen.
There was one other objection to the section
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Thayuu] upon which I wish to make a
very brief comment. It has been the object
of the committee throughout to legislate, not
with reference to persons, but with a view of
establishing an Army system, having reference
to all the various departments of that Army.
For that reason, in fixing these bureaus, the
committee have adopted this language in regard
to each department ofthe staff—"shall hereaf-
ter consist of the number of officers now author-
ized by law." The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania says that that is wrong, that it ought to
be made to read, "shall consist of the officers
now authorized bv law." In other words, we
are asked to legislate with a view to particular
incumbents, to tlie class of persons who now
hold the offices.
Now, I should like to know from the gentle-
man from Philadelphia, [Mr. Tiuyeh,] who is
learned in the law, what will become of this
department when all these officers die or resign.
If you decide that this department shall consist
of these particular officers it cannot consist of
any other officers. Now, we prefer that the
department shall consist of a certain number
of officers for all time to come ; and that when
the offices shall be vacated by death, resigna-
tion, or otherwise, the number shall be kept full
by subsequent appointments, except wherein
we have otherwise provided. As we are to
have the application of nice construction of
law, I repeat that if you legislate that the
departments shall consist of certain officers
who now hold certain positions, nobody else
can hold those positions until you change the
law so as to let others in.
Then, again, the last part of the section
which it is proposed to strike out provides for
a decrease of the Adjutant General's force
hereafter as vacancies shall occur. Now, I do
not wish to be repeating arguments which have
been already submitted to the House any fur-
ther than may seem to be absolutely necessary.
But I will say this in reference to that and kin-
dred propositions contained in other sections
relating to the bureaus ; we have been satisfied,
in reference to many of these bureaus, that the
gradual increase of their numbers has been
carried beyond the necessities of the Army ;
we have been satisfied that this is the contin-
ual tendency of legislation, and we think that
a great mauy of tlxQ duties of this bureau> us
