1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3989
ratified the article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress to the Legislatures of C'.ie several States 
Mr. McBOUGrALL. Allow me to ask a
question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ob, no ; I cannot yield.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is about that very
thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather not yield.
The preamble goes on—
ami has shown to the satisfaction of Congress, by a
proper spirit of obedience in the body of hei people,
her return to her duo allegiance to the Government,
laws, and authority of the United States 
Mr. SUMNER. I think (hat is contrary to
the fact, contrary to the evidence.
Mr. BROWN. So do I.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know my friend from
Massachusetts and my friend from Missouri
do not think that Tennessee will be in har-
mony with her relations to the General Gov-
ernment until she allows negroes to vote.
We come, then, to that bare §,nd simple prop-
osition, that we must require these States to
allow colored persons to vote. Are we pre-
pared to make that issue?
Mr. BROWN. I am prepared.
Mr. SHERMAN. If so, why not put it right
in here and say so? That is the manly way.
If we want to make the issue that no State
shall come back here and have Senators and
Representatives until she allows all to vote,
without distinction of color, why not make the
issue frankly and manfully? But that is not
done. We have refused to do it; wo now refuse
to do it; we do not do it by the proposition of
the Judiciary Committee.
The House resolution then goes on to declare
"that the State of Tennessee is hereby restored
to her former proper practical relations to the
Union."
There is the simple proposition, that Ten-
nessee, by the adoption of the constitutional
amendment, by her action for the last two or
three years, by her adhesion to the Govern-
ment, by organizing a government (at the head
of which is Governor Rrownlow) and a Union
Legislature, by acquiescing and submitting to
every proposition made by us, by sending here
Senators and Representatives who it is ad-
milted can take the oath of office and are en-
titled to hold their seats, shall be so declared
entitled. We here declare in a few words that
Tennessee has complied with all these terms,
and then we say in conclusion that she is en-
titled to representation. Now, is it worth while
for us to encumber this proposition, wliieh
everybody can rote for except those who arc
not willing to give up universal suffrage, by
propositions upon which we disagree ?.
1 do not think the Senator from Illinois
fairly stated my argument. I have voted with
him throughout this session that the question
of the condition of these States is a question
to be detern-lned by Congress. We have as-
serted 'hat twice by a concurrent resolution.
We asserted iL in the organization of the re-
construction committee in so many words.
AVe asserted it still more definitely in the
proposition that was passed in March last,
and which we all voted for. Now, is it worth
while again to insert that assertion into the
body of this resolution, as if we still had some
doubts about it and were determined to force
the President to agree to it? Suppose the
President differs from us, as we know he does,
is it worth while for us again to reassert that
proposition? Will his forced acquiescence in
it give it any vitality ? We have asserted the
power : we have exercised the power: we
have this day the power ; and I will never
surrender it; but I will not force it into his
teeth and compel him to acquiesce in the
assertion of the power, when he has told us
over and over again that he does not think
we have it as we assert it. I will exercise it,
but I woald not thrust it into his teeth by a
joint resolution, especially when no practical
good can come out of it.
The result at which we seem all to aim is
the admission of Tennessee. When the other
States come in wo can apply the test to them.
All we say in this resolution is that Tennessee
is entitled to admission. I can say to Sen-
ators that from my correspondence with the
people, the people of Ohio particularly—and
I think in this my colleague will agree with me
—while upon other things there may be dif-
ferences of opinion, there is a warm, hearty,
earnest, unanimous sentiment that we should
admit the State of Tennessee to representation
before we adjourn. That is their earnest de-
sire, and we can close the controversy to-day
by the admission of Tennessee upon the basis
proposed by the House of Representatives.
If you adopt the amendment reported by the
Judiciary Committee the resolution must go
back to the House ; you have perhaps a con-
troversy between the two Houses: you may
have a controversy with the President. I do
not see any use in the delay, and therefore 1
am in favor of the adoption of the House prop-
osition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall be per-
mitted to go on with this matter; it is an im-
portant question and it ought to be settled at
an early day. I move, therefore, to postpone
all other business and to proceed with the joint
resolution under consideration.
Mr. BUCK A LEW. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Allow me a word. The
Senate will undoubtedly do as theyplease, hut
I feel bound to object to that motion. I have
got the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] directly on my back, and there-
fore I cannot consent to anything that will dis-
place the business which has precedence. If
the Senate chooses to change it I cannot help
it; but I must insist that we proceed with the
appropriation bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I was going to observe
that before this subject was passed by—I sup-
posed, of course, the miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill would be taken up, as it was in order—•
I propose, with the consent of the Senate, to
submit amotion that the amendment be printed.
It involves not only a very material change in
the preamble, it is a long preamble that is now
propofed, but it also proposes a change in the
resolution itself; and certainly this is a subject
of sufficient gravity to authorize and require
thaf the proposition upon which the Senate is
to be divided shall be printed. If the Sen-
ator's motion is disposed of I ask the consent
of the Senate to submit a motion for the print-
ing of the amendment of the .ludieiary Com-
mittee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. _ I would say to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that if the matter goes
over the amendment will bo printed as a mat-
ter of course; it will not require any motion;
being the report of a committee it will be
printed at any rate. But I trust it will not
go over; it is a matter well understood; there
are but three or four lines in the resolution
and they are printed; they are taken from
a printed resolution that was laid upon the
table some time ago. Every one can have the
printed resolution before him in a moment by
sending for that; and striking out a few of the
words would correct it to the present resolution.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator, and it is this : the Sen-
ator is desirous of declaring by act of Congress
that the State of Tennessee is entitled to repre-
sentation in the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I do not wish
to declare any such thing by act of Congress.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The Senator wishes to
declarc a proposition which covers that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes; I wish to declare
that she is entitled to the rights of a State.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Then I snbmit to the
Senator that the sensible and the better mode
of accomplishing this object is to say precisely
that, and let all disputed matter go by the board.
If he will propose an amendment simply de-
claring what ho says is the intention of his
measure, without carrying us over the field of
debatable matter, historical questions) I pre-
sume we can dispose of the whole subject
within ten minutes.
Mr._ TRUMBULL. The appropriation bill,
of which the Senator from Maine has charge,
is a bill that is always postponed until the last
days of the session; it will certaitfiy pass; it is
one of those things that always receive atten-
tion. Now, this is a matter.which has engaged
the attention of Congress a great deal of its
time since we met in December last; it is a
matter that ought to receive early disposition,
and I think we had better, now that the mattei
is up, proceed with it and finish it.
I am quite aware, I will say in reply to the
Senator from Pennsylvania, that all the time*
he has been quite willing i'or each House to
take up and act on the credentials of persons
claiming to be representatives here from Ten-
nessee and other States; but Congress has not
been of that opinion, and I think it necessary,
before we take action in reference to represen-
tation, to find out whether there is a body in
Tennessee entitled to representation at all, or
entitled to exercise the rights of a State; and
I wish to declare in the resolution the whole
ground, that there is a government organized
there entitled to all the rights pertaining to any
of the State governments in the Union. Of
course that would embrace representation;
but I prefer saying nothing about representa-
tion as one of them. I hope that my motion
will prevail, and that we may be permitted to
proceed with and finish the matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that motion is agreed
to, it will displace the appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday is not the appro-
priation bill, but the bill of the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Henderson] ias relation to the
Georgetown aqueduct.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do notknowhow that
came to be so.
Mr. GRIMES. It was done last night.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then a very improper
advantage was taken of the evening session.
Mr. HENDERSON. _ No ; it was District
of Columbia business ; it was legitimately up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But that was only for
the evening session.
Mr. HENDERSON. It was all right.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was all wrong.
Mr. MORRILL. My colleague will see that
there was no disposition to take any unfair
advantage, for the District Committee were
entirely unconscious that the effect of the rule
would be to bring up the aqueduct bill this
morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I presume they
will not object to the,appropriation bill being
restored to its former position.
Mr. MORRILL. If we have got any legiti-
mate advantage of the rule I shall be very glad
to hold it if I can.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is so much more
important to organize some temperance soci-
ety or something of that kind in the District
of Columbia than to pass a necessary appro-
priation bill that I Suppose I shall have to give
way.
Mr. MORRILL. Idonotproposetoargueit.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from
Maine will consent to go on with the present
business and let us finish it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am at the disposition
of the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. And I trust we shall corns
to a vote upon it without much delay. I do
not see the importance of printing, as called
for by the Senator from Pennsylvania, because
there is nothing in the proposition that cannot
be easily understood, that is not fully under-
stood. I do not wish to get into a discission,
but to leave this resolution in the charge of
the committee that have reported it here, and
I hope the Senate will come to a vote on the
question. We have all got business, and there
is much public business to be done, and if we
vote I have no doubt we shall adopt this reso-
lution.
