1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
respective governments wickedly undertaken to ab-
jure all tho^e duties by which their eomicctionwitb.
the Union v ,is maintained; to renounce all allegiance
to the Constitution; to levy war upon the national
Government, and for the consummation of this trea-
son have unconstitutionally and unlawfully confed-
erated together with the declared purpose of putting
an end by force to the supremacy of the Constitution
within their respective limits; and whereas this con-
dition of insurrection, organized by pretended gov-
ernments, openly exists in South Carolina, Georgia,
Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, lexas. Ar-
kansas. Tennessee, and Virginia, except in Eastern
Tennessee and Western Virginia, and has been de-
clared by the President of the United States in a proc-
lamation duly made in conformity with an act oi
Congress, to exist throughout this territory, with the
exceptions already named; and whereas the exten-
sive territory thus usurped by these pretended j?ov-
ernni^nts and organized into a hobtile confederation,
belongs to the United States as an inseparable part
thereof, under the sanctions of the Constitution, to
be held in ti ust tor the inhabitants in the present ;uid
fat me generations, and jsfo completely interlinked
with the Union that it is forever dependent there-
upon: and whereas the Constitution, which is the
supreme law of fhelaud, cmuiot be displaced m its
rightful operation within this territory, but must ever
continue the supreme law thereof, notwithstanding
the doings of any pretended government acting sin-
gly ur in confederation, in order to put an end to its
supi emaoy."
His first resolution was:
"1. Re<tohrd% That any vote of secession or other
act by which any iState may undertake to put an end
to the Mi|.u omuey of the Constitution within its terri-
tory i^ inoperative "uid void against the Constitution,
and when sa.-lained by force it becomes a practical
abdication by the Stale of all rights .under I ne Con-
stitution, while the treason which it involve? still
further works an instant forfeiture ot all those func-
tions and yowei^ e^ential to the continued existence
ot the Staie a-< a bod>-politic, so that from that time
forward tho teriitory falls under the exclusive niris-
diclion of Congress a« other territory, and the Mate
being, according to the language of thela\v,M>«e se,
oear-es to exist."
Am I riglit or am I wrong in saying_ that
v,]}i;11 that resolution ^as submitted to llio judg-
ment of this body it was said in debate that it
was exceedingly doubtful whether it could re-
ceive the vote'of any member of the bodyexeopt
the mover? I am not sure that he was not
himself ro well satisfied of it that he did noth-
ing more than have it referred, and tnero it
slept. Then, at that time, whatever may be
the judgm-mf of Senators now, it could not be
assorted of these States that either by abdica-
tion or forfeiture Ihev had reduced the territory
tie'-oncring to them to the condition of a terri-
tory .-abject to be legislated over by force of
Iho territorial clause of the Constitution, if
not. why not? If the honorable member from
Massachusetts was not right m proclaiming that
the effect of the insurrection mid the effect of
the ordinances of secession which the States
had lielore passed was to work abdication and
forfeiture, and as it was not pretended at Uiat
time that there was any other mode bv which
the Slates could cease to exist except in con-
sequence of the insurrection, then they were
still existing. Ujhtrji ante hello the Senate con-
sidered them as States, in the name of reason
wliv are they not to consider them as State"
now that the war is ended.' If ahtiough ene-
mies in fact, they were friends in law: foes in
fact, but brothers in legal intendment', it they
were continuing in existence politically while
tile war was being waged, by what. 1 was about
to say, sophistry can the human mimlbe brought
to the conclusion that what the war itsell while
it was being waged could not accomplish is the
result of a successful prosecution of tiic v. ar
I do not wish to be interrupted.^and i make
the suggestion, because 1 think my friend before
me [Mr. Howe] is somewhat inclined to sug-
gest a question. iLaughter.]^
Now. Mr. President, what is the result, if I
am right so far? That they are States. States
of what character? States standing in what
relation? If the honorable member from Mas-
sachusetts was wrong in saying that they had
abdicated or forfeited the character they pos-
sesM'ti and the. relation in which they stood,
and they are States still, they are as much
Stales as they were when llie insurrection was
inaugurated,"and their relation to their sister
States, and their consequent relation to the
Government of the United States, is the same
relation in which they stood to both when the
insurrection was inaugurated. Thai would seem
to follow logically as a necessary result, and it
that is a necessary result, does it not also fol-
low that tliey are entitled to representation in
this Chamber ? Whether they can present per-
sons who can take their seats, because they
have individually committed crimes against the
United States is another question; but I speak
now of the right itself.
What provision is there in the Constitution
which puts it in the authority of this body to
deny to any State of the United States an equal
representation with those States that are rep-
resented here? Not only is there nothing; but
so sedulous were the framers of that great in-
strument to guard against the possibility that
a,nv State should not be equally represented
upon the floor of the Senate with every other
State, that they placed that right beyond the
power of amendment. The language of the
Constitution, as we all know is, that^ under
the amendment clause oi the Constitution, no
State shall be deprived of its equal sulfrage in
the Senate of the United Stales except by its
own consent.
There are only two rights in the Constitu-
tion which were excepted out of the power of
amendment; one of them, the one of which
I have just spoken, was placed beyond such
power absolutely; the other, in my judgment,
was a blot upon the Constitution itself, but it
was a blot which the wir-o men and patriotic
men of that day thought it was necessary
should exist, because without it it was evident,
that a Government such as Ihev desired could
not bo constituted—1 mean tho power of im-
poi'tinc slaves for a period of twenty years.
The concluding part of the fifth article, which
contains the provision for an amendment of
the Constitution, is in these words :
" Provi'M, That 110 amendment which may be
made prior to tlic year 1W diallm any manner affect
the ih>! anil fourth clauses in the ninth j on of liio
first article"—
'They related to slaves—
"and that no State, wilbmit its consent, shall he
dcmive'l ot itf ia;[uilsufli.\;e in tho Senate"—
at. any time ; not unt il IPOS, but throughout the
entire existence of the Government, it was,
therefore, in tho view of the fiamers of the
Constitution, a cardinal punciple necessary to
the success of the Government, and neccs^ary
to the protection of the S'ates, that each State
under everv possible condition of eiicum-
sfanees should be euti'led at all times there-
after. unless -he consented to abandon it, to an
equal .-infraec in the Senate.
If, therefore, tliey are still States and not j
Territories, if they are as they were when the !
insurrection commenced, then it would seem J
to be obvious that they have as much light to
be represented in this "Chamber as any one of
fbe States that arc here represented; and yet, j
what are we doing? 1 Jid_ not understand the j
honorable member from Maine as denying the ,
right, but only as denying that the lime had
conic when the right should be enjoved; as 1
only asserting that" because of some external ^
circumstance-, there might be danger to the
Gu\ cruHicul, and tlwt i-> tho oiuy clangor that
we can recoa'tH/.e. lJartv uainier is not a dan-
ger that wo can notice. ' It is the peril to the
nation, if there is any peril, which will justify
the exclusion of any State from the enjoyment
of that right ot suffrage upon which the Senate
can relv.° And what is there to show that there
will be" any danger to the public weal? Have
tliev not thrown do« 11 their arms? A\ c know
tlie'v have. Have not all iheir armies been
surrendered? Wc know they have. Are they
not ilailv supplicants for the clcmeney of that
department of the Government veiled with me
powei to be clement? We know they arc Do
Ihev wish to be represented? lour tabic is
loaded with ih'nr credentials. J)o you o >jec*t
to the individual men? Xo. Perry, oi ^oiith
Carolina, wlio.se ei'edontiais 1 liad tiic .lonorto
present voslorday: Hunt, ot Louisiana, ^ho^e
credentials! presented some three or four w 0C"S
ago; Sharkey, of Mississippi, and others of the
same description of men, are now at your door,
invoking you as brothers and statesmen, by the
memories of the past, to permit tlieni to come
among you as equals, and claiming it upon the
ground that every department of the Govern-
ment, except ourselves, and thatat this session,
has admitted to be true in point of fact that
they are still States of the Union.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, I wish to ask him a ques-
tion. Is the Senator not aware that Mr. Perry
of South Carolina held office under the rebel
government, so that he cannot take the oath
required by law ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I am. That is another
matter. I speak of the man individually.
Mr. SUMNER. I have with me a South
Carolina paper showing that he was in that
condition.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am aware of it. I would
have made tho same suggestion to the honorable
member that I did to the Senator from Wis-
consin, but he was so far off I could not catch
his eye.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That restrained me
from questioning you.
Mr. JOHNSON. Now, you will not admit
tliem. 1 understand from the question which
my friend from Massachusetts has propounded
to mo that his objection to South Carolina being
represented on this floor is personal to the man.
Then ho will admit anybody who can take the
oath, I suppose; otherwise, his question was a
little out of place. I will not speak of Mr.
Perry, as 1 know him by reputation to be, and
as he informs me his course was during the
whole of the rebellion, nor shall I speak at all
in that regard of other members whose creden-
tials are upon your table. All 1 mean to say is
that, they are here. Whatever may have been
their mistakes in the past, however they may
have violated the laws in the past, and have
subjected themselves to prosecution because of
: such violation, yet they are here, permit me to
say to the honorable member from Massacliu-
j setts, (and 1 say il with all sincerity and with
no possible puipose of disparaginghis loyalty,)
as lova! this hour as he is. Mr. President, it
is a grateful theme to me to refer to those men
in terms of praise. Nobody denounced their
course more decidealy than 1 did; but tne mass
of them were honest.
It, was not my purpose to call the attention
of the Senate to what T am about to read, but
the question propounded to me by the honora-
ble Senator from Massachusetts makes it per-
haps more applicable to this part of the ques-
tion than itwonld be to any other. I shall read
a sentence or two from a speech recently deliv-
ered before the General Assembly of the State
of Georgia, delivered on Washington's birth-
day, the 22d of February, by Mr. Alexander
H. Stephens. The whole speech, I am satis-
fied, if it shall be read by the Senators, will
give them nothing but pleasure, bolli for its
spirit and its patriotism, and lor its ck&stcned
eloquence:
" Anot h er on o of our present duties is this: wo should
accept the l^ues of the war, and abide by them in
gooit fauh. This, I feci fullypersuaded it is your pur-
ixwc to do as well that of your constituents, ihe
neoole of Georgia have in convention revoked and
ann"u 11 ed tier ordinance of 1^1, whic^i was intonded
to sever her fiom the compact of Union of li8<- lue
Constitution of the I nitcd States has been :
as the organic low ot our land. M ha ic\ ei dihu ences
of opinion heretofore oxibtod as to where our alle-
giance was due dariuft the late state of things, none
ior any practical purpose can exist now. ^Iher
(Teor ia bv the action ot her convention of 1S61, was
everlAtfully out of the TTnion or not. there can bo
no question that she is now m so far as clepeni«£><>«
her w ill and deed. The wnojo ?i®er-
lore, is now without quc'ti™i our countryto be oiler
ished and defended as such by ail
nit our arms. The Constitution of tho Lniteci i-iaic..,
•'•ml 1 he treaties nnd laws nude in pursuance thoi cof,
lire iow aeknowledged to be the paramount law in
this whole country."
And he concluded, looking to the prospect
and indulging the hope that our country would
be orander in everything m the tuture than it
had been in the past, by saj m
"Ail this 13 possible if tho hearts of the people be
ritrht ft is my earnest wMi to sec il. iondly would
T indulge mv faney in gazing on such a pn„uie of
the fuluic. "With what mpiuro may we not suppose
tho 'piSts of our lathers „ ould hail its openim/seenes
from their mansion aijoye I ,fcuc_li ai e ms hope.) 11 ^ t
ing on sueh contingencies; out it, instead of all this,
