1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2071
he retained until May, 1816, when the depart-
ment was reorganized by having two Quarter-
master Generals with the rank of colonel at the
head of it. This organization continued until
the 8th of May, 1818, when it was again reor-
ganized with a brigadier general at its head,
and it was established as a bureau at Washing-
ton. It has continued with a brigadier gen-
eral at its head ever since. Occasionally the
numberof its officers was increased, until July,
1838, when it was fully reorganized, restoring
the grades which liad formerly existed, with a
slight alteration ; the colonels being styled as-
sistant quartermaster generals, (not quartermas-
ter generals, as in previous laws,) and the dep-
uty quartermaster generals with the rank of
lieutenant colonel, (a rank still,) which had
existed by act of March 3, 1799. It has con-
tinned as established in 1888, through two wars
and many years of peace, without any incon-
venience and without the titles being consid-
ered "awkward."
During all this time the officers of the quar-
termaster's department have been borne on
the Army Register as a constituent part of the
Army, as officers of the general staff.
I have made these observations in order to
demonstrate that the department has always
been regarded and treated as a military depart-
ment, and not as a civil department attached
. to the Army.
The remarks which I have made in reference
to the Quartermaster General's department
have been prompted by the effort which has
been made to uphold the proposed changes in
the Adjutant General's department, by a refer-
ence to the suggestion which was made by the
Quartermaster General for alteration in the
titles of officers in that department. I hope
the changes proposed in the thirteenth section
relative to the Adjutant General's department
will not be made, but that the House will
adopt the substitute which I have offered.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg to make a remark in
connection with the amendment offered by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
I think he is entirely in error in striking out
the term "assistant" in connection with "ad-
jutant" in this department, and I wish to
assign one reason which has not to my knowl-
edge been adverted to on this floor. The
assistant adjutant generals are directly con-
nected with the military department at Wash-
ington. For instance, General Seth Williams
was assistant adjutant general in the army of
the Potomac, representing the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department at Washington, under Burn-
side and Meade and every other general who
had command in that department. Ilis rela-
tions with the generals in command were not
those of a staff officer; his relations were with
the Department here, and although he issued
the orders of the generals in command, those
orders belonged to the Department at Wash-
ington. Ho had custody of the records, and
even an order issued by the general in com-
mand of the department could not control
these records. They belong here, and the duty
of the assistant adjutant general is to see that
they are presented here as part of the records
to be kept at Washington.
Now, I wish to say in connection with this
question, that from every military department
during the war we have accumulated, through
the assistant adjutant generals, all the records
pertaining to this war, and that there are in
this city a number of buildings filled and stored
with these records which are of invaluable ser-
vice both to the troops and officers of the Army
and to the history of the country, by reason of
the fact that these assistant adjutant generals
are under the direct control of the Department
at Washington.
Mr. Speaker, while I am on the floor I may
perhaps be permitted to allude to another mat-
ter. The honorable chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs has, I doubt not without
intending any unkindtiess, not only reflected
upon the genial efficiency of these depart-
ments in Washington, but he has declared here
that to a great extent positions in them are
retained by certain persons as a matter of favor-
itism as " soft places.''
Mr. SCHENCK. I will ask my friend to
point to one single phrase or sentence of that
kind in anything I may have said. I have said
nothing, whatever I may think of anybody in
any department, making a reflection upon any
department.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not understand the gen-
tleman to refer to spccial persons.
Mr. SCHENCK. Nor to any department.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg pardon if I have mis-
understood the gentleman. If I have not mis-
understood him, I think he will make the
admission. I did understand the honorable
gentleman to say here upon this floor, yester-
day, that these men in the departments were
assigned to "soft" and "easy" places, and
that they had shirked the responsibilities of
the war.
Mr. SCHEXCK. I never used any such lan-
guage ; but now, as the gentleman presses it on
me, I will say that as to the greater number
of those employed here, while many of them, I
believe, would have preferred to have been on
active service in the field, but were compelled
to stay here by the importance of their ser-
vices, I do believe that others were here be-
cause they preferred to remain here. But, sir,
I said nothing of that kind before. I say now
that I believe there are officers in some of'
these departments who preferied to liavfe these
places to being in the field. 1 hope I am now
understood. But I made no gcneial charge of
that kind, nor do I now.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not intend to go behind
the walls of the department i'or the purpose
of passing judgment upon every individual
who is within them.
Mr. SCHEXCK. Nor do I.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do say, however, that the
offieeis connected with the departments at
Washington ha'se performed services as valu-
able to the Government as those who have
been in the field.
Mr. SCHENCK. And I have said nothing
less of them.
Mr. DAVIS. But the gentleman says that
there are individuals in the departments who
have been willing to shirk the dangers of the
field.
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not use that term
at all.
Mr. DAVIS. I know, sir, that there are
officers who went into the Veteran Reserve
corps when they might, have gone to the front,
men whose wounds had been healed.
I know officers in the Army who look with
distrust upon many persons who entered the
Veteran Reserve corps. I know one gallant
officer from my own district who, with a wound
of an inch and a half in diameter through his
body, with a seton in the wound and entirely
through his body, went with Sherman's army
day and night from Tennessee to Atlanta, and
from Atlanta to the coast, fighting on the
mountains above the clouds, and never went
to the hospital on account of his wound except
when he was in camp. But there are many
men in the Veteran Reserve corps who entered
it for the easy places in it.
Now, if there arc some individuals in these
bureaus who have been willing themselves to
avoid danger, I can only say that it is in accord-
ance with the weakness of human nature. But
the men of this department have worked day
and night, for I have seen them at their desks
day after day and night after night, until phys-
ical nature was almost exhausted. And in
someinstances I have implored them to go away
upon the furlough which the Secretary of War
was willing to grant them. But no, they re-
mained faithfully at their duties, although they
pressingly entreated to be relieved from duty
here and allowed to go to the field.
In looking over the lists of officers in the
department, I find that of the assistant quarter-
master generals now on service here, a largo pro-
portion of them have seen service in the field,
and some of them have been wounded and dis-
abled in the Servian And you will not find in
any department more faithful, efficient, and
hard-working officers than the Adjutant General
himself, or than his assistants, Hardee, Breck,
Vincent, and others. I know personally many
of the men in this department; and I do not
know one of them who has not rendered effi-
cient and faithful service in the field.
I trust, therefore, that we shall not, by the
legislation we adopt here, do any injustice to
these men. But I hope we shall be allowed to
have the Army bill which was commended to
us by the General-in-Chief, andby all our prom-
inent generals.
Mr. SCHEXCK. As the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] has said nothing about
my amendment, I ask that it may be again read
in order that, the House may know upon what
we are acting.
The amendment was read.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. SCHEXCK. In order to remove all
possible objection, I will move to further amend
the section by striking out the words "after
the first appointments made under the pro-
visions of this section;" so that it shall read,
" but as vacancies shall occur in the grade of
major," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the amendment
of Mr. Thayer, by way of a substitute for the
entire section as amended.
Mr. SClIliNCK. Before the vote is taken
upon striking out the section as amended, I must
beg the indulgence of the House, as I seem to be
left, alone to attend to this matter on behalf of the
Military Committee, to say a few words by way
of comment, upon what, has been said by gen-
tlemen who have addressed thiS House, so far
as their remarks are pertinent to this section.
By the amendments which I have offered, and
which have been adopted by the House, this
whole matter is now reduced to a simple ques-
tion of taste and propriety in regard to the titles
of these officers, except that the amendment
now pending proposes to increase the number
of officers as well as to fix their titles.
Mr. BLAINE. I beg Hie gentleman's par-
don ; I do not propose to increase the number
of officers, but merely to increase the rank of
some three of the majors.
Mr. SCHEXCK. He proposes to provide
for certain officers iu the department who have
acquitted themselves well. Now, upon that
point I have simply this remark to make: ill
legislating upon this subject I have tried to
legislate m regard to things and not in regard
to persons. One officer who has been referred
to here, and who has been named, and there-
fore there will be no impropriety in my repeat-
ing his name—Colonel Vincent—now brigadier
general by brevet, of it may be major general,
for these officers go up so rapidly that I lose sight
of their titles—he is an officer of whom nothing
can be said in praise by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaixe] to which I will notaccede.
Yet, no matter who or what one of these indi-
viduals may be, what I claim is that if 1 do not
think it necessary to have two or three more
colonels, and two or three or four more lieu-
tenant colonels, I will not consent to make
them a permanent part of the Army organiza-
tion with a view to any particular purpose.
I hold that there is a propriety in deciding
in the first place upon what your Aimy system
requires, doing it without reference to persons,
leaving persons to get the advantage of it. or
not afterward. Now, if the gentleman thinks,
as I presume he does, that there ought to be a
greater number of coloncls and lieutenant col-
onels generally, without reference to the par-
ticular persons who may first fill these places,
that is another question.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me to interrupt him for a mo-
ment?
Mr. SCHEXCK. Ye^. sir.
Mr. Bl.MXE, I desire to say, in the first
place, that the gentleman has, by a figure of
speech—literally a figure of speech—increased
!l the effect of my amendment. It provider for
