1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the resolution back to the other House, which
is not desirable. I now move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. RAYMOND. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania waive the previous question, long
enough to allow me to make of him or of the
Speaker a single inquiry?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. RAYMOND. I understood him to say
that the Senate had so changed the form of this
resolution as to avoid the necessity of getting
for it the signature of the President.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand it so.
Mr. RAYMOND. I wish to inquire, not
being versed in the usages of the House or its
rules, whether this clause of the Constitution
docs not apply. It is the seventh section of
the first article of the Constitution:
"Every order, resolution, or vote to which the con-
currence of the Senate and House of Representatives
may bo necessary (except on a question of adjourn-
ment) slnilt bo piesentecl to the President of the Uni-
ted States; and before the same shall take effect, shall
be approved by him, or being disapproved by him,
shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and
House of Representatives, according to the rules and
limitations prescribed in the ease of a bill."
I do not understand how that can be evaded.
It is possible that the usages of the House may
dispense with it.
Mr. STEVENS. Under the usage of the
House, a resolution in this form is never sent
to the President, and it was not desired that
this resolution should be. I know it has not
been the practice heretofore to send such reso-
lutions to the President.
Mr. RAYMOND. I did not wish to make
a point 011 it. I rose simply for information,
as the point is entirely new to me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman as making the point. The
Chair would decide the point, if made as a
point of order—the precedents are all one way—
but the Chair does not decide points of order
except when made.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that the
matter has been understood to be controlled
by another section of the Constitution, which
authorizes each House to make rales for its
own government. 1 call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and being put, the
amendments of the Senate were agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Will it be in order for mo
now to offer an independent resolution in re-
gard to this subject?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. BROOKS. ' We will not object on our
side.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not offer it now.
MESSAGE PROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Foenby, its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed House bill No. 23,
entitled "An act to prevent the spread of for-
eign diseases among the cattle of the United
States."
EQUALITY OF CIVIL RIGHTS AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr. Karxsivortii, upon
which Mr. Chaxler was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker? in my hum-
ble opinion, by resolutions of this kind it is
sought to reduce this contest between the two
races down to a legislative enactment. The
reference of it to such a committee as this may
be philanthropic or it may not. But so far as
it is the act of a member of the Military Com-
mittee I deem it unnecessary; I think I can sat-
isfy the House that it is unnecessary, from a
reference to the record of the struggle we have
but just gonetlirough in regard to black troops.
The organization of the Army, so far as the
black soldier is concerned, is entirely in the
hands of the Executive of the United States.
He holds that organization of black troops en-
tirely in his control, as firmly as any despot
may control the armies of any European mon-
archy. The gentlemen of the Military Commit-
tee will correct me if I am in error when I say
that a simple act of Congress authorizing the
Executive to call the black man into the ser-
vice of the armies of the United States for the
purposes of labor, empowered the President of
the United States to raise the hordes of negro
troops which now stand enrolled in the service
of this Government. 1 do not propose to make
objection to the past; I do not assail the merit
of those soldiers; but I ask the members of
this House to reflect upon the necessity of such
a proposition as this ; when, under an act of
Congress, in time of war, a black army could
be set on foot, why do you need a select com-
mittee to consider this subject? Ifit was suffi-
cient, by the simple act of the Secretary of War
issuing a general order, to enroll these black
troops, lot them now stand upon their merits,
and let their services be rewarded by those who
called them into existence as soldiers. Let them
take their turn and their chance with the Vet-
eran Reserve corps; with the privates of that
corps which have been mustered out of service
and are now discharging their duties as private
citizens. That is the right way. 'They fought
for this Government, and have suffered as much
as the blacks have suffered. 1 draw no dis-
tinction of color. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Fabxsworth] who introduced this res-
olution has deemed it proper to load it with
opprobrium of those who have done their duty
as well as any black soldier who ever served.
He made the comparison, and all the merit of
the distinction is his.
But to pass on, with regard to the necessity
of this resolution. Until you have established
in your military system a perfect equality from
your private soldier up to the highest officer al-
lowed bylaw, and until these people shall come
before you recognized by general enactment, I
deem this reference to the sclect committee a
special job for the particular purpose of inflam-
ing public passion and public prejudice. It be-
longs to no system pertaining to the organization
of the Army, but belongs rather to that institu-
tion known as "the nigger in the fence." It
belongs to all those extraordinary enactments
for the purpose of keeping up a sectional preju-
dice against an established existing power in
another section, and which have fed the Repub-
lican party into its present fat proportions. _ It
enables them to-day^'liile arousing the preju-
dices of the people in peculiar sections, to hold
the power of the Government at their will.
From a political point of view, this resolution
is particularly unnecessary at this time. The
administration of power is so completely in the
hands of the Republican party that, I take it, it
is needless for them, as a political job, to agi-
tate this question. If lunderstandthis resolu-
tion, it is a most dangerous one, and, I think,
will prove a fatal petard to the engineer who
introduced it. If such a resolution as that is
necessary to come from a member of the Mill--
tary Committee, ifit is desirable for the party to
which he belongs, and the peoplewhom he rep-
resents, that he shouldjnark hiscarecrhere, and
the career of his party, as antagonistic to the
white population of the country, who, though
born abroad,, are united to us by every bond of
civilization, blood, and historic association, f
can only say that the introduction of such a res-
olution is more fatal to him and his party than
to the white foreigner or those who hold the
negro as his inferior. This side of the House
can lose nothing by the passage of this resolu-
tion, but may gain much. I admire the cool
moral courage which prompted its introduction,
while I deprecate the prejudice that gave it birth.
By the introduction of this resolution, the gen-
tleman inaugurates a system which sprung up
in time of war, and which, if the policy of the
Administration is uttered by the Executive, is
to be the policy of this Government and of
both branches of Congress.
If the policy of the Administration as^ an-
nounced by the Executive in his message is to
become a fixed policy of the party which raised
him to power, or is to become the established t
policy of this Government in its domestic re-
lations, I look upon the passage of this reso-
lution as throwing down the gauntlet to that
portion of this nation in which the black popu-
lation largely predominates, where society is in
chaos, and where the black race will be found;
if gentlemen will take the trouble to learn, fall-
ing back into a system of semi-barbarism. The
gentleman will find that, while he seeks to foree
ujjon one section of this Union the prejudices
of another, he is not adding to that system of
reorganization of society which it is the duty of
every member on this floor to advocate and by
every means in his power to advance.
But, sir, this question of colored troops moans
more than -meets the ear. It means an estab:
lished police, whose ramifications shall reach
to the remotest corners of this land, whose dif-
ferent parts shall be under the control of the
central Government, not for the purpose of
maintaining that equal justice and that harmony
of administration which are essential in all rep-
resentative forms of Government, but for the
purpose of putting the heel of central power
upon that portion of the white race recently jn
rebellion, but now begging humbly for readmis-
sion to the protection of this Government.
I look upon such measures as these as dan-
gerous to the peace and welfare of the country:
as distracting the councils of the nation, ana
dividing the dominant race, who have held in
their hands the sovereignty of this Government,
which was won by their fathers, inherited by
them, and, I hope, is to be handed down by us
in its purity, for the government of our own
race as well as those whom destiny may have
put beneath us. I am willing, sir, to raise the
black man to every honorable position for which
his capacities fit him; but I am opposed to any
effort which shall, by taking him from the posi-
tion in society to which he has been accus-
tomed, expose him to dangers which lie is not
fitted to meet.
These are my opinions. I know that they
militate against the prejudices of those who be-
lieve that there is no difference between races
or colors of men. 1 believe that, on this sub-
ject, the declaration of the Constitution of this
Government is plain. "The people of the
United States" means that race to which we
who now constitute the Congress of the United
States belong. I hope that the purity of the
white race, the representation of the white
race, and the sovereignty of this people as a
white people will be maintained boldly, in the
face of prejudice and in the face of obloquy.
Sir, this resolution is premature, not only as
a matter of policy, as I have already remarked,
but from the condition of that race. Those
who have studied the history of the American
Government for the last four years must have
observed, as a wonderful jjroof of the innate
prejudice of a certain portion of this people,
that while every exertion has been made to
protect the black man, every opportunity has
been taken to sacrifice the life of the red man.
If this loveof so-called "equality," this inten-
sified philanthropy which has so agitated the
political nerves of a certain portion of the peo-
ple of this country is sincere, why have their
efforts been so restricted? Why have they not
raised up the black man to a position at least
equal to that of the Indian, who fights for him-
self and defies your arms? While using the
armies of the United Slates to keep the Indian
in subjection, you are endeavoring to raise the
negro to an equality with the white race, for
which he is not fit; an effort illogical, unphilo-
sophical, and which must finally fail. Until
the negro is elevated by education and culture
to a grade of intelligence which he has never
yet shown the ability to attain, you are unwise
in seeking to place him in a position, the duties
of which he cannot comprehend, and to expose
him to dangers with which he is not competent
to cope.
Sir, the character of this resolution is at this
time prophetic. I am happy that, incidentally,
we are afforded this indication wherehy the
members on this side of the House, and the
