3992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
the black people. If they have disfranchised
the rebels, they have disfranchised the majority
of their white voters, and they have also dis-
franchised four hundred thousand negroes;
and a small minority present themselves here,
and we must declare that the body of the peo-
ple have shown themselves loyal!
Mr. President, I am not resisting this gov-
ernment of Tennessee. I am in favor of admit-
ting Tennessee, and I shall vote for it most
willingly ; but I will not assert the views stated
in this preamble. I have taken the ground, in
discussion here, that a minority of the people
have a right to representation when they slio ■v
that they are able to control the politics of the
State ; and I now insist that such is the fact,
that when a majority of the people rebel, the
minority have a right to govern according to
the laws of the United States. That is my
position, I have always entertained it, and I
do not see any reason to change it now. But
when you ask me to assert that the body of the
people of Tennessee are loyal and have shown
obedience to the Constitution and laws of the
United States, when in order to govern accord-
ing to their rules they have excluded four hun-
dred thousand negroes and a majority of their
whites. I will do no such thing. T hope, sir,
that we shall not insist upon this preamble, hut,
that we shall go back to the preamble adopted
by the House, and take only this part of it:
Whereas the State of Tennessee has ratified—
Leaving out the words "in good faith," for
I do not know whether they have ratified it in
good faith or not. I leave that to themselves—
Whereas the State of Tennessee has ratified the
article of amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress
to the Legislatures of the several States: Therefore,
He it I'tbolved, ii'c.
1 am willing to stop right there. I am un-
willing to say that Tennessee has "shown to
the satisfaction of Congress, by a proper spirit
of obedience in the body of her people, her
return to her due allegiance to the Government,
laws, and authority of the United States."
Mr. WILSON. Why not strike out the whole
preamble ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I am more than anxious
to do that. I do not want any preamble, be-
cause it adds nothing to the strength of the law.
It is a mere assertion of fact, and gives the
President of the United States another chance
to veto a proposition and have a large body of
our most radical friends voting with him. That
will unquestionably be the case, and we can-
not pass the resolution. We shall have to wait
here another ten days in order to hear from
him and get Tennessee in. It is proper to
allude to that consideration, because he will
assert no such fact, and we practically assert
it by the resolution without any preamble.
Then why have any preamble about it? I
regret very much that the House of Repre-
sentatives insisted upon a preamble; and I
regret still more that the Committee on the
Judiciary of the Senate have thought proper
to insist upon a preamble more obnoxious, in
my judgment, than the House preamble. If
we have to take any, I am willing to accept
that of the House, because the people of Ten-
nessee have adopted the constitutional amend-
ment recently sent to them, and I am willing
to say, and to leave that inference before the
people, that we will admit no State unless it
does adopt this amendment; that we will re-
gard that as evidence of their sincerity, and
take them in, provided we are willing just at
that time to take them in. I am not prepared
to say, even^jf they adopt that constitutional
amendment, in all cases, that I would receive
them. I will look at the surrounding circum-
staiees and the character of the men they send
heie. They went out of the Union, and I am
in no very great hurry to take them back.
Tl.ey insisted upon killing everybody who op-
posed their going out, and now many of them
are insisting upon taking the life of everybody
who opposes their instantaneous return. We
can take things certainly as gently as they can.
They kept out willingly four or five years, and
I am not forced, even within four or five years,
to be in great haste to receive them back. I
am unwilling, if I do receive one of them, to
declare in the preamble a thing that 1 do not
honestly believe. I do not believe some of the
facts here stated; I am unwilling to make this
declaration; and I hope it will not be insisted
upon.
Mr. HOWE. I like several of the sugges-
tions of the Senator from Missouri. I like
that one especially in which he repudiates the
idea of having a preamble at all, and I pro-
pose to move an amendment to the amend-
ment to strike out the preamble. I prefer the
resolution reported by the Judiciary Commit-
tee to the resolution which came to u.s from the
House. I have uot compared the two pream-
bles closely enough to know which I do prefer,
but I know to a dead certainty that I would
prefer no preamble at all to any preamble that
we stand a ghost of a chance of getting drafted
and prefixed to the resolution. Your pream-
ble, sir, is a statement of the reasons why you
agree to the resolution. We have debated the
questions connected with this matter of recon-
struction, as it is called, not quite ever since 1
have been born, but it commenced when I was
very young, and 1 think it ought to be known
by this time that we are not likely to agree in
our reasons for adopting this or any particular
resolution upon that subject.
The practical question is, whether you will
recognize the government that exists in Ten1
uessee and reelothe it with the prerogatives of
a State or not. That is the practical question;
all the rest is theoretical. Now, when wo vote
for the practical thing; when ve vote for the
resolution which says that representatives shall
be received from Tennessee, is it necessary to
stop and haggle and debate until we all agree
as to the reasons why we vote for that resolu-
tion ? I would be willing to do it if it were not
very hot and I thought there was any reasona-
ble probability of your all coming to my rea-
sons, but, from my past experience, I do not
think you are very likely to come to an agree-
ment with my reasons until the hot weather has
passed and the cold weather lias come and
passed again.
The only reason I have for voting for either
of these resolutions, the only inducement I
have, springs from the consideration that that
local government' in Tennessee is in the hands
of loyal men, that is, men who are of allegiance
to the Constitution of the United States and are
disposed to obey the national authorities; not
only that that government is in the hands of
such men now, but that there is a probability
that it will continue in such hands. That is
all I want of any government. These are the
inducements I have to vote to admit repre-
sentatives from Tennessee.
I could agree to most of these propositions
in the preamble sent to us from the House of
Representatives, and in most of those or all of
those in the preamble reported to us by the
Judiciary Committee. This is what I say: that
if they are all true, they not only do not con-
stitute the reason, but' they constitute no part
of the reason why I vote for the resolution ;
and I do not want to affirm that they do con-
stitute any part of the reason. It does not
seem to me that practical and sensible legis-
lators will stop here now to dispute about
the reasons upon which they will pass one or
the other of these resolutions.
I said that I preferred the resolution reported
here from the Judiciary Committee to the res-
olution which comes to us from the House. The
resolution which comes to us from the House
says, " That the State of Tennessee is hereby
restored to her former proper, practical rela-
tions to the Union," &c. It bears a sort of
implication that the State of Tennessee had
been floating about in a disorganized, and not
only that, but in a wild state, away off some-
where in another sphere. The State of Ten-
nessee has been just where she always was
since there was a State of Tennessee. The
resolution of the Judiciary Committee pro-
poses to recognize the local government which
is organized in Tennessee. That is precisely
what we want to do, as it strikes me. 1 he State
of Tennessee is just where she has always been.
The trouble with Tennessee has been that she
has had no government that you could trust.
The government which existed there in
and long ai'tei\18til, you know was so false, so
treacherous, and so traitorous that nobody that
pretended to any loyalty would trust that. Your
armies scattered that. Then there was another
government set up. It was more loyal than
that, but a hundred times more feeble. That
government which was so false and treacher-
ous was strong, so far as the location was con-
cerned, because it was sustained by the body
of the people. The government which was set
up subsequent to that was true and entitled
to respect, but was feeble because the people
of Tennessee did not, sustain it. But now I
believe that government has got into a posi-
tion, is so fortified that it can sustain itself.
Now recognize it. It has not been recognized
before. Nobody could recognize it but Con-
gress. We have affirmed that over and over
again. That is the one thing nceessary. We
not only have affirmed it, but our Presidents,
I believe both of them, have affirmed that it
was necessary for us to recognize these govern-
ments ; our courts have asserted that only here
rested the authority which could recognize this
government. That is the one thing, then, to
do; and so I prefer the resolution reported by
the Judiciary Committee. Hut I am so utterly
and irreconcilably opposed to either of these
preambles, and I am so irreconcilably op-
posed to the idea of having a preamble at all,
that I do hope, first, that the preamble reported
by the .J udiciary Committee will be stricken out,
ami then that the resolution reported by them
will be adopted as a substitute to that sent to
us from the House, and I move that amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion first is on an amendment to the resolution.
rl)lie amendment of the preamble is a subse-
quent question.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Mr. President, we havs
so many independent minds in the Senate that
it seems nobody can give a reason for voting
one way or the other that is satisfactory to any-
body else. I avail myself, therefore, of that
state of things to give my own reasons.
This proposition to admit the State of Ten-
nessee was originally reported to the House of
Representatives from the committee on recon-
struction. At that time nothing had been done
with regard to passing any constitutional amend-
ment, and it was deemed necessary that certain
reasons should be given why we admitted the
State of Tennessee, as she stood in an entirely
different position from all the other confederate
States, in order that it might not be drawn into a
precedent for the admission of others, in order
that it might not be said, "You admitted Ten-
nessee, and why not admit the others? " There
was something very distinct in the condition of
Tennessee, because before the downfall of the
rebellion she had organized a State government,
which was adopted by a large vote of the peo-
ple, perhaps not by a majority, but by a large
popular vote, and had manifested a disposition
which denoted loyalty to the Union. It was
deemed best to state those facts in order, as I
said before, that the admission of Tennessee
should not be construed into a precedent for
the admission of other States which did not
stand in the same relations to the Union that
the State of Tennessee did.
I think the amendment proposed by the Ju-
diciary Committee does not very much vary
from the preamble of that resolution. They
naturally prefer their own phraseology and their
own collocation of words; but I think there is
no addition of substance except that it states
the fact that Tennessee has adopted the consti-
tutional amendment. It does vary somewhat
in phraseology. As I drew the original pre-
amble myself, I naturally prefer that, and think
it could not be very much improved and has
not been very much improved.
But the House has chosen to throw that aside,
