1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
and to give substantially but one reason : and
that is, that the State of Tennessee has adopted
the constitutional amendment which was pro-
posed to the several States by this Congress ;
and it has also added some other words, which
1 think d> not have, in the way they are ex-
pressed, aiy very great meaning, namely:
And h:is also shown to the satisfaction of Congress,
>y a proper spirit of obotlionco in the boi.lv of her
,>coi>lo, her return to her allegiance to the Govern-
ment, laws, and authority of tiic United States."
At the time the committee on reconstruction
reported a resolution for the admission of Ten-
nessee we also introduced a bill, which there
seems to be little chance of getting at this ses-
sion, providing that whenever the amendment
to the Constitution which we have proposed
should bo adopted and become a part of the
Constitution, we would then admit any of these
Slates which were found to be in a condition
iu be admitted. It was not puoposed to ad-
mit any one particularly simplj^ because the
amendment which was proposed was adopted
by it; it was deemed safer to wait until it be-
came a part of the Constitution. Now, sir,
this resolution ignores that. It stands sub-
stantially on the fact that the State of Tonnes-
see has adopted the amendment to the Consti-
tution proposed by this Congress. I am willing
to take it, so far as I am individually concerned,
wilh regard to the State of Tennessee, because
there are other reasons, as stated in the former
preamble, which operate very decidedly in my
mind for the admission of the State of Tennes-
see. 1 have been in favor of it from the be-
ginning.
But what I wish to come at is this: I do not
wish to pass a preamble which will substan-
tially admit that any State that adopts the
constitutional amendment shall be entitled to
be represented here before that amendment
has been adopted by a sufficient number of
States to make it a part of the Constitution.
I think this preamble from the House is so
weak on those points that it will not stand
ubstanlially as a reason for the admission of
icnnessee. The State of South Carolina, if
it, should happen to adopt the constitutional
amendment, might claim to be admitted im-
mediate!.y, and 1 might be unwilling to admit
the State of South Carolina until the constitu-
tional amendment had been adopted by a suf-
ficient number of States to make it a part of
the Constitution.
Now, therefore, this logic brings me to one
of two conclusions. Either amend this pre-
amble and state the reasons which arc appli-
cable peculiarly to the State of Tennessee, in
order that wo may not form a precedent with
regard to others; or else strike it out alto-
get her, and let Tennessee stand upon the sim-
ple vote of admission, giving no reasons at all,
and then everybody will be at liberty to give
his own.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the Senator
that if that should bo done it would be made
a precedent on the next occasion, and it would
be said, "In regard to Tennessee no statement
of reasons was required or made." Therefore,
I think, it had better bo done now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say we had better do
one or the other. Either state the things which
are sufficient to distinguish the State of Ten-
nessee from the other States a8 the ground of
your action, or give no reasons at all. That
was the idea I meant to convey. I am not sat-
isfied that either of them would be bad. I do
not think it necessary to state or give any rea-
sons whxh should necessarily create embarrass-
ment. There arc good reasons enough that
an be given which distinguish the State of
I'linessce from all others, and about which
leie can be no sort of dispute, and that do
lot involve us in any dispute, either at this end
of the Capitol or the other, if Senators are dis-
posed to adopt that course.
Nor do I sec. with the Senator, that there is
any very great difficulty in passing it without,
if Senators prefer to pass it without any pream-
ble, because when referred to himself and my-
Milf, ifitis proposed to admit another State, and
it is said to him or to me, "You admitted the
State of Tennessee," we can point to the facts
aud say, " I voted to admit the State of Ten-
nessee, and I did it on account of certain facts
existing with regard to the State of Tennessee
that do not exist with regard to you," and every
man then stands upon his own reasons in rela-
tion to the matter. I take it that about every-
body now is in favor of admitting Tennessee,
and I do not think it worth while to quarrel so
much about the details in relation to the mat-
ter, if there is such a difference of opinion
among gentlemen as to defeat the objects which
everybody except my honorable friend from
Missouri [Mr. Brown] and, perhaps, my hon-
orable friend from Massachusetts  
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly, I am against it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who are opposed to it,
unless something more can be accomplished.
I do not myself agree with them in the position
that they take about it, especially as the com-
mittee on reconstruction agreed to recommend,
and I assented to it, the admission of Tennes-
see at a previous period of the session. Itwas
not called up and acted upon in the House for
reasons I suppose satisfactory to them.
All I desire to say is, that I think it may be done
properly without any serious evil in either way;
either to state the reasons, leaving out so much
as would necessarily be supposed to create em-
barrassment and difficulty, because the other
reasons are sufficient, or to strike out the whole
preamble, because I think the preamble of the
House is very weak indeed, and only tends to
do harm, and simply admit the State without
any preamble at all. The language of the res-
olution is very distinct and clear, and I agree
with the Senator from Iowa that it asserts suf-
ficiently the power of Congress over the sub-
ject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the proposed
amendment to the resolution?
Mr. HOWE. What is the amendment?
The PRESIDENTj;ro tempore. The amend-
ment is to strike out all of the resolution of
the House after the enacting clause and in lieu
thereof to insert the following:
That the United States do hereby recognize the
government of the State of Tennessee, organized as
aforesaid, as the legitimate government of said State,
entitled to al! the rights of a State government under
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. HOWE. I understand the question is
on the adoption of the language just read, and
without regard to the preamble which pre-
cedes it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Entirely.
The preamble will be adjusted afterward, or
stricken out, at the will of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I want to ask if there may
not possibly arise this difficulty: the resolu-
tion speaks of the "government organized as
aforesaid." The word "aforesaid" refers to
what is said in the preamble, docs it not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes.
Mr. HOWE. If, then, the resolution should
be adopted and the preamble should be rejected,
the resolution would be a little uncertain.
Mr. JOHNSON. We shall have to strike
out the word "aforesaid" in that contingency.
Mr. HOWE. If I remember aright, that
would not make it explicit. The difficulty is
that the resolution is framed upon the idea
that it and the preamble are ono and the same
thing. I do not know how we shall get out
of the difficulty, but the difficulty strikes me
as just there.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Strikeout "aforesaid"
and say "as it is," and it will be all right.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will not that all be
obviated if a majority be in favor of striking
out the preamble, by taking the vote upon that
first?
Mr. GRIMES. We cannot do that.
Mr. JOHNSON. We can take the question
on the reso'ution first and change that after-
ward.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the resolution it-
self be subject to amendment, after we substi-
tute the proposition of the Senator from Illinois
for that of the House resolution?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly
it will be subject to amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then the present ques-
tion is simply on substituting the resolution re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary for
the resolution of the House?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And:it does not touch
the preamble at, all?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I only want to say a word
on this question. I prefer the language of the
resolution recommended by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and if it was an original proposition I
should vote for it in preference to the resolu-
tion as it came from the House; but it appears
to me that the resolution from the House, if
adopted, leads to precisely the same result.
The resolution recommended by the Judiciary
Committee merely states that the State of Ten-
nessee is entitled to all the rights secured by
the Constitution to the States of the Union.
The resolution of the House says that she is en-
titled to be represented by Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress, and that cannot bo un-
less she is also entitled to all the other rights
which the Constitution gives; and as I feel very
anxious to have the State admitted, I shall vote
against the proposed amendment and in favor
of the resolution as it came'from (lie House.
Mr. BTTOKALEW. Mr. President, I un-
derstand this amendment to be a congressional
declaration, that the present State government
organized in Tennessee, is a legal and valid
State government under the Constitution of
the United States, and that it declares nothing
else ; that no conclusion will flow from it with
reference to the right of persons elected within
the congressional districts of that State or pos-
sibly by its Legislature, to seats in the two
Houses of Congress. It is, in short, in its
present form, an indorsement of the Brownlow
State government of Tennessee, which is organ-
ized under the most eminent blackguard of the
age.
Now, sir, in the form in which it stands, this
proposition is, in my judgment, offensive. It
may be the more acceptable to some minds. I
supposed that the general question that we were
to'pass upon was, the status or position of
Tennessee in the Union of the American States
for purposes of representation. The issue is
now changed to a decision by Congress upon
the validity of an existing State government in
Tennessee, but does not deal with the question
of representation of the people or government
of that State directly. I am very unwilling by
any act of mine to declare the validity of that
State government as a single and independent
proposition, separated, from all others, without
a more careful inquiry into the proceedings
which have taken place in that State, and into
the question of the extent to which the disfran-
. chisement of the citizens of that State has been
carricd by the existing constitution as adopted
and enforced. But this resolution obliges us
to pass upon those inquiries and narrows the
whole question to them. I understand that it
is very doubtful whether a majority of the peo-
ple of that State have been concerned, actively
and really, in the establishment of the existing
government. I know how it was formed ori-
ginally dming the war, and I am very clear in
my mind as to the view to be taken of it in all
its earlier stages.
In February last I had occasion to discuss
in this Senate the question of the_ powers and
character of the governments which were es-
tablished in the insurrectionary States during
the war under authority of Mr. Lincoln. I
held then and I hold now that those State gov-
ernments were in their nature local, peculiar,
and provisional. I thought that the State gov-
ernments set up in Arkansas, in lennessee, 111
Louisiana, and in Virginia, although legitimate
and proper as emanations of the war power of
the United States, to be used in connection
with military operations and in aid of the mil-
