1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3083
Trader a fair and rational interpretation of the
Constitution since its adoption in 1789.
I now proceed to consider briefly tlie sec-
ond section of this amendment. It materially
changes the Constitution as respects represen-
tation in the lower House of Congress. The same
change, of course, will be produced in the
Electoral Colleges. The Constitution, as it now
stands, apportions Representatives and direct
taxes among t he States according to the number
of their inhabitants; but this number is to be
ascertained by taking the whole number of free
persons, male and female, including appren-
tices, and adding thereto three fifths of the
slaves and excluding all Indians not taxed. It
is upon this enumeration, ascertained by the
census every ten years, that Representatives
have been apportioned to the States since the
formation of the Government. At the time
the Constitution was framed the large slave-
holding States desired that the whole number
of their slaves should enter into the basis of
representation. This was resisted by States
having few or no slaves. The question was
one of great difficulty. It was finally compro-
mised, however, by estimating each slave as
three fifths of a person for purposes of repre-
sentation. But it was insisted that if ho were
three fifths of a person for representation he
should also be three fifths of a person for pur-
poses of taxation. The controversy was there-
fore settled by imposing direct taxation upon
the States in the same proportion in which they
might be represented upon their slave popula-
tion. The clause was so adjusted that when-
ever a slave becamcfreche necessarily became
a full person for purposes of representation
and taxation. He then was included in the
list of " free persons," and not in that of
'■ other persons." Therefore,whenever a State
emancipated its slaves, as many did before the
late war, it increased its representative power
in Congress and fell subject to increased taxa-
tion to the extent of two fifths of all persons
so emancipated.
The recent war of rebellion has terminated
in the abolition of slavery in all the southern
States. This emancipation, ofcourse, was against
the will of those States ; but it none the less
increases their representative power because
it was forced on them.
This provision of the Constitution, like many
others, looked to the ultimate extinction of
slavery in all the States. It was so worded,of
course, as to be adapted to either state of affai rs.
It com promised a present difficulty growing out
of a state of slavery, but anticipated a period
when it would cease to exist. When the for-
mer slave became a free man he was to be-
come one of the people. He ceased to be
property, and became a person. I confess 1
can see no good reason why the negro thus
emancipated should be excluded from the
basis of representation. I believe that no one
in the Federal Convention asked the exclusion
of any person, white or black, citizen or alien,
provided he were a freeman. Indeed, in the
fifty-fourth numberof the Federalist, Mr. Mad-
ison, commending the Constitution to the peo-
ple, says:
" It is not contended that the number of people in
each State ought not to be the standard for regulat-
ing the proportion of those who are to represent the
people of each State."
And in the same connection he remarks:
" That if the laws were to restore the rights which
have been taken away the negroes could no longer
bo refused an equal share of representation with the
other inhabitants."
For myself, I cannot refrain from express-
ing regret that it becomes necessary for me
to give apparent indorsement to a principle
contained in this second section. It departs
from the views of the framers of the Constitu-
tion in several particulars. The first promi-
nent objection is that it separates representa-
tion from taxation. If it were proposed to
base taxation upon wealth instead of numbers
it would be much better. Mr. Madison said
that the rule of representation referred to the
"personal rights of the people," and therefore
should be based upon numbers, irrespective
of their political condition. But he remarked
that the rule basing taxation upon numbers is
"in no case a precise measure, and in ordi-
nary cases a very unfit one." The amend-
ment, as proposed, does not base taxation upon
wealth, but leaves the Constitution in this re-
spect as it now stands. If direct, taxation be
hereafter levied it will be apportioned among
the States, according to their numbers, includ-
ing free negroes as well as all other persons.
If I believed it probable that direct taxation
would be resorted to in the future legislation
of the country, nothing could induce me to
support this proposition. A second objection
to it consists in the argument furnished, that
we admit the necessity, or at least the propri-
ety, of excluding arbitrarily a freeman from
the elective franchise; and it will be contended
that we render a present doubtful power of
the States to do so certain. A third objection
which is urged consists in the fact that while it
inflicts punishment for the exclusion of the
negro from the ballot, it permits the white cit-
izen and the alien inhabitant to be excluded by
the States without loss of representative power.
A fourth objection will be urged that it presents
too great an incentive to the States to extend
suffrage to persons who are ignorant and un-
educated for the mere purpose of acquiring
power, inasmuch as those who may be excluded
under this provision on account of the want of
intelligence will be equally excluded from the
basis of representation.
The amendment fixes representation upon
numbers, precisely as the Constitution now does,
but when a State denies or abridges the elect-
ive franchise to any of its male inhabitants
who are citizens of the United States and not
less than twenty-one years of age, except for
participation in rebellion or other crime, then
such Slate will lose its representation in Con-
gress in the proportion which the male citizen \
so excluded bears to the whole number of male !
citizens not less than twenty-one years of age in
the State.
The original amendment reported by the com-
mittee of fifteeen, which passed the House of
Representatives and was defeated in this body,
put the basis of representation on numbers also,
but it differed from this in some important par-
ticulars. It provided that—
" Whenever the electivo franchise shall be denied
or abridged in any State on account of race or color,
ail persons therein of such race or color shall bo ex-
cluded from the basis of representation."
That proposition seemed to admit in express
terms the right of the States to exclude from
suffrage on account of color. The words '' race
or color" are left out of this proposition entirely.
The States under the former proposition might
have excluded the negroes under an educa-
tional test and yet retained their power in Con-
gress. Under this they cannot. For all prac-
tical purposes, under the former proposition
loss of representation followed the disfranchise-
ment of the negro only; under this it follows
the disfranchisement of white and black, unless
excluded on account of "rebellion or other
crime." The former might have had the effect
to keep the negro uneducated, in order that he
might be permanently excluded under that pre-
tension. There was to be no penalty on such
exclusion, and if prejudice against race exists
to the extent supposed in the southern States,
perpetual ignorance must have been the fate
of the negro unless Congress could have inter-
fered to educate him. If equally educated with
the white man, no possible pretext remained
for the denial of suffrage except the color of his
skin ; and if he were excluded for race or color,
he no longer constituted a part of the repre-
sentative population. Under the former prop-
osition the exclusion of ten negroes in a State
because of race or color excluded from repre-
sentation all persons of that race or color,
though they might number half a million or
more. This encourages to give the ballot, be-
cause it gives power in the same proportion as
the ballot is given. In some respects, tlieie-
fore, this proposition is far superior to the one
defeated. No amendment can be offered on
this subject which would not be liable to objec-
tions, but this is not subject to many of the
harsh criticisms to which the other was.
I have already said that no one in the Fed-
eral Convention asked that a freeman should
be excluded from the basis of representation,
and that I could see no good reason for ex-
cluding the negro now. The same reason,
however, which requires that he should be
counted in the basis of representation equally
demands that he should constitute a part of the
political sovereignty in the several States. It
is true that no one in the Federal Convention
asked that the free negro should be excluded
from the representative basis, but is it not
equally true that the distinguished statesmen
of that day admitted the citizenship of the
negro and acknowledged his right to suffrage
in the States? I have already shown that in
five States of the Union the negro enjoyed the
right to vote when the Constitution ivas adopted.
Ho was therefore a citizen in those States, and
the Constitution declared that, being a citizen
in one State, he should have the privileges and
immunities of citizenship in every other State.
Having the right, therefore, to vote in one State,
the right would attach to him on equal terms
with the white man whenever he removed his
domicile to another State.
Mr. Madison expressed confident belief that
the people in the several States would not
abridge the rights of suffrage, but would rather
extend them. Such, no doubt, was the gen-
eral belief. If these anticipations, in connec-
tion with the hope of early emancipation, had
been realized, we should long since have had
a Government founded upon the consent of the
governed. Had such been the case we would
have had no war. The war came, however,
and brought with it the bitter fruits which we
have gathered during the last five years.
The Virginia convention, on the 12th of
June, 177G, uttered the sentiment of patriot-
ism, and proclaimed the true theory of repub-
lican government, when it declared that "all
men having sufficient evidence of permanent
common interest with and attachment to the
community have the right of suffrage, and can-
not be taxed or deprived of their property for
public uses without their own consent or that
of their representatives so elected; nor bound
by any law to which they have not, in like man-
ner assented for the public good."
No one pretends now to doubt that slavery
and the discussion growing out of it produced
the late war. Slavery is the natural result, of
a certain degree of inferiority. The father is
the patriarch and governor of the family, be-
cause of this inferiority. Until the child is
twenty-one years of age the father has the
power of correction and enjoys the fruits of
his labor. This rests upon the admitted fact
that the minor is incapable of taking proper
care of himself. The father is bound only to
treat him with humanity, but has the right to
control his person and take his earnings. Sla-
very proceeds from the same argument. ' It is
assumed that the black man is not only infe-
rior to the white man, but incapable of self-
government. Admit the truth of this propo-
sition and slavery becomes justified by the
highest attributes of justice and humanity.
Mr. A. H. Stephens, the wisest of the south-
ern statesmen, fully comprehended this theory
when commending the confederate constitu-
tion to the people of Savannah in 1861. He
said "the prevailing ideas entertained by him
[Jefferson] and most of the leading statesmen
at the time of the formation of the old Consti-
tution were, that the enslavement of the Afri-
cans was in violation of the laws of nature;
that it was wrong in principle, socially, mor-
ally, and politically." lie said, further, "the
new constitution lias put at lest forever all the
agitating questions relating to our peculiar in-
stitution—African slavery as it exists among
us—the proper ulatus of the negro in the form
of our civilization. This," he repeats, "'was '
the immediate cause of the late rupture and
the present revolution."
Again, he says, the corner-stone of the rie'.v
