1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—-yeas 09, nays 39, not voting
75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen, Bingham, Blame Blow,
Boutwoll, Broomall.Chanlcr.Conkhng, Davis Dawes,
Dixon. Dodge, Driers, Eldridge Ferry, JJmck, Gar-
lield. Goodyear, Gridor. Aaron Harding, Ilams, Ho-
gan. Holmes, Edwin IST. Hubbell, Hulburd, James
M Humphrey, Ingorsoll, Jenekes, Kclley, Latham,
Loan, Lons-year, Marvin, McRuer.Moorhead, Morris,
Monlton Mvcis,Newell, Niblack,Nicholson,0 Neill,
Samuel J. Randall, John II. Rice, Rollins, Ross,
Scol>ld, Shanklin, Taber, Taylor, Thayer, John L.
Thomas! Thornton, Tiowbridgc, Upson, Burt Van
Horn, Wai-d, Warner, Elihu B. Wnshburnc, Whaley,
James F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—69.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Banks, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Bandy, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth,Dem-
ing, B«?£?iesion, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Hale, Abner
0. Harding, Iiayes, Henderson, Ilisby, Asahel W.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Julian, Kelso, Kuyken-
dall, Marston, MoClurpf.Mercur, Miller, Orth, Paine,
Price,Hitter. Schenck, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spal-
ding, Stevens, Henry I). Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Welker, and Wentworth—39.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Dclos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Bidwell,
Boyer, Brandegeo, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Cullom, Cul-
ver, Darling, Dawson, Defrecs, Delano, Demson, Don-
nelly, Dnmont., Eekley. Eliot, Glossbrenner, Grinncll,
Griswold, Hart, Hill, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Jiubbaid, James
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Ivasson, Kerr, Reteham,
Laflin, George V. Lawrencc, William Lawrence, Le
Blond, Lynch, Marshall, McCullough,McIndoe, Mc-
Kee, Morrill, Noell. Patterson, Peril am. Phelps, Pike,
Plants, Pomeroy, Radio- !, William II. Randall, Ray-
mond, Alexander II. Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Saw-
yer, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell* Strouse, Francis
Thomas, Trimble, Van Aornam, Robert T. Van
Horn, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield, and
Wright—75.
So Mr. Thayer's substitute was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the substitute was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to add a proviso
to the section.
The SPEAKER. The House is acting under
the previous question, the effect of which is
that the House passes from the consideration
of this section to the next.
Mr. STEVENS. Is there not another vote
to be taken in reference to this question?
The SPEAKER. ' Not unless a reconsidera-
tion be moved of fche vote by which the previous
question was seconded. The amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] can
be offered only by unanimous consent.
Mr. BLAINE. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. Cannot wc have an oppor-
tunity of voting down the whole section?
The SPEAKER. If it were not for the
previous question, a motion might be made
to add to the section. As it is, the House has
passed from its consideration.
The fourteenth section of the bill was then
read, as follows:
Sec, 14. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be four inspectors general of the Army, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of colonels of cavalry;
and ib'ir assistant inspectors general, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonels of cav-
alry, one of whom shall be specially assigned to duty
as inspector of cavalry; and two assistant inspect-
ors general, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
majors of cavalry,
Mr. SCIiENCK. I desire to explain that
section. I will preface what I have to say,
however, by the remark that I presume that
if in any way it differs from what is desired
by those heads of bureaus at the other end of
the avenue, they will be listened to rather than
the Committee on Military Affairs. 1 say this
because I wish to have the House and the coun-
try know just what the House has been doing.
The committee proposed in one of these
bureaus to retain every officer, and give them
more rank than they ever had before this war.
The House was dissatisfied with that, and they
have insisted upon increasing the rank of three
of the majors out of the thirteen of the Adjutant
General's department,, so as to make two of
them colonels and one lieutenant colonel.
And thus they decline that die committee is
wrong, and that these "endenieii who used (heir
2673
influence in the other end of the Capitol are
right; and that the rank which they had when
we had a million men in the field was not
high enough when we come to provide for a
smaller army, but that they should now have
additional rank. There is no reason excepting
that; that is just what they had done.
I thought that possibly, now the war is over,
we might be able to reduce matters a little for
a smaller army, below what we had during the
war with myriads of men in the field. But I
was so far mistaken in that expectation as to
find that we can not only not do so much as
that, but that even higher rank is to be con-
ferred upon those officers with the smaller
army, f am determined that this shall be
understood. I am determined that it shall be
known by the House and by the country how
far any attempt at reform is sustained here by
this House.
Now, I knew when 1 began that we should
have difficulty in touching these bureaus. I
knew perfectly well, as I said yesterday, that
all the tendency of the legislation time out of
mind had been to build up these bureaus here
at Washington, and that we should find great
difficulty in getting back to a sounder and more
wholesome and a living condition of things.
I knew that the personal, official, and social
influences which surround this House would
make it very difficult for any committee of this
House to carry any measure of reform, to
remove any abuse, to cut off any incumbrance,
to change anything which existed in the old
condition of things, or to prevent a still further
advance in the direction of higher rank, more
officers, and greater pay. But the realization
has gone far beyond my anticipations.
Still I mean to struggle on, and to sustain
what the committee have decided upon whether
I am sustained by the House or not, or even
by those of the committee who voted with me
in the committee. T intend to struggle on and
do what I can in the way of reform. And I
shall do so upon the principle 1 announced a
few moments ago, when speaking upon one of
these amendments, that he is a better friend of
the Army as well as the country who is willing to
make wholesome corrections, to remove abuses,
and cut off incumbrances than he who prefers
to accept all that has grown up, independent of
any disposition he may have to pile more on.
X think these remarks necessary as a sort of
preface to the course which I shall pursue as
we advance from point to point in considering
these different bureaus.
Mr. ELDRJDGE. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sciiexck] a ques-
tion in this connection.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. ELDIlIDGrE. If the gentleman's ob-
ject is to reduce the officer force, of the Army,
why has he proposed companies to consist of
fifty instead of a hundred privates, thus giving
double the proportion of officers we have here-
tofore had in the Army?
Mr. SCHENCK. That has nothing to do
with the question under consideration. But I
will say that in every organization of the Army,
looking to an expansion in time of necessity,
it is usual, and it has always been our system
of legislation to have a system of officers by
which in an emergency the number of privates
can be increased to the necessity of the occa-
sion.
But wo are considering now the organization
of the staff departments, the bureaus which
have their several heads at Washington, and
which liavo their staff officers permeating the
country, and extending to the different portions
of the Army.
The section under consideration was framed
with a view to accommodate what was ascer-
tained to be wanted by the military author-
ities, so far as the committee could understand,
and as they believed. One amendment was
made by the committee. Originally the com-
mittee icported only three inspectors general:
it was afterward suggested and urged that
there ought io be kept up a Cmulry Bureau :
and * solution of that difficulty was made in
the way here reported. Instead of having the
Cavalry Bureau as now a distinct organization
in the Army, no more needed, perhaps, than an
artillery bureau or an infantry bureau, it is
proposed that one of these inspectors sjiall be
assigned to duty as an inspector of cavalry.
In this way you may be able to detail all
the efficient officers of the present Cavalry
Bureau, without the need of maintaining^ a
distinct bureau.
Mr. DAVIS. I see that the fourteenth sec-
tion provides for—
Four assistant inspectors general, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonels of nav-
alry, one of whom shall be specially assigned to duty
as inspector of cavalry.
I desire to understand the reason for the
insertion of this last clause.
Mr. SCHENCK. That provision was adopted
on consultation with those who ought to know
more than the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Davis] or myself in reference to this matter.
This bill proposes to increase greatly the cav-
alry branch of our Army. "We are to have
double as much cavalry as we have ever had"
before. During the war, a Cavalry Bureau was
established, and it has been continued up to
the present time. By common consent all
round, it has been considered that, instead of
continuing the Cavalry Bureau, the object could
be effected just as well by authorizing the as-
signment of one of the assistant inspectors
general to that particular service.
Mr. DAVIS. Does not that conflict with
another provision of this bill which says that
transfers shall bo made from any arm of the
service to any other arm of the service?
Mr. SCHENCK. It does not in the slightest
degree. We provide for the appointment of
four inspectors, one of whom may be detailed,
not appointed, as inspector of cavalry. One
officer maybe detailed at one time; another at
another; but it is probable that when one had
been assigned to that particular duty he would
be kept upon that assignment, because of the
experience which he would have acquired.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to inquire further,
whether,without any such provision in this bill,
the Secretary of War would not have entire
authority at all times to assign any one of these
inspectors to that service.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think it probable he
would. Yet it bus been deemed proper by
some of the most eminent officers of the Army,
whom I could name if it were necessary, that
there should be in this bill a provision of this
sort.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise simply
to repel the imputation which I consider as
being implied in the language of the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs. I leave
the House and the country to judge of the good
taste exhibited by that gentleman in the scold-
ing which he has given this House for daring
to differ with him upon a measure reported
from his committee and under consideration
by the House.
He has spoken of influences of bureaus and
of personal influences. Sir, I discharge my
duty here under a conscientious sense of the
obligation which I owe to the country and to
my constituents, and with the best light which
my intellect enables mo to cast upon that con-
scientious discharge of duty. 1 am not the
agent of any bureau or of any Department. I
am quite as independent, politically and per-
sonally, of every bureau and eveiy Department
of this Government, in my votes and in my
action in this House, as is the chairman of the
Military Committee ; and if lie shall discharge
liis duty here, in bringing in his bills from this
committee, with the same absence of personal
motive and the same disregard of personal
aims with which I discharge mine in the con-
sideration of them, he will satisfy, I take leave
to say, the utmost expectations of his constitu-
ents and of the country.
!: Mr. SCHENCK. When I said that there
!' are social and personal and official influences
around us here whenever we come to legislate
il upon these subjects, I meant just what 1 said.
