1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1113
almost hewers of wood, and drawers of water
in order to sustain themselves and their chil-
dren. So it must be until we take them by the
hand, throw around them the yjof the Con-
stitution, and give them a new birth, welcome
theni among us as brothers, extend to them
the right hand of fellowship, and then they and
we, when that time shall come—God grant that
it may come at once—will pray to Heaven that
in no time of the future shall there ever be
again a citizen of the United States to raise
his arm against his Government.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the resolution?
Mr. IIBXDIIICKS. I move to amend the res-
olution by inserting between theword 11 States "
and '-winch1' the words " the inhabitants of,"
so as to make it read, '• the people of the eleven
States, the inhabitants of which have been de-
clared in insurrection." The Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Pomuuoy] asks me, in a good-
natured way, if I will vote for the resolution if
these words bo inserted. I am very free to
say that I shall not vote for this resolution at,
all; and yet J think it my duty to make it as
unobjectionable as I can. I am sure I do not
propose the amendment for the purpose of
making the measure more objectionable.
Two purposes, it seems to me, are intended
by this resolution ; or at least two results are
likely to be secured by its adoption in its pres-
ent shape. The first is to have a. congres-
sional declaration that the States themselves,
as States, have been in rebellion. The second
is to make the impression upon the country
that these States are only to be brought back-
into the Union again by an act of Congress. I
do not believe in either of these propositions.
The States have not been regarded as in re-
bellion. That has not been the language of
the executive proclamations ; it has not been
the language of Congress in its legislation in
regard to the insurrection. 'The phraseology
has heretofore been, ''States, the inhabitants
of which have been declared to be in rebel-
lion." Certainly, the State of Virginia was
one of the most prominent States in this re-
bellion. The weight that she brought to the
cause when she seceded, and the power which
she brought to the army during the war, made
her a very conspicuous member of the south-
ern confederacy that was attempted to be
established. Yet all of Virginia was not re-
garded as in rebellion. Some of the counties
of the State of Virginia were excepted, as I
now recollect, by the President in his procla-
mation declaring wlwt portions of the terri-
tory of the United States were in rebellion.
The State was never declared to be in rebel-
lion as a State; but the inhabitants of portions
of the State of Virginia were declared to be in
rebellion. Why, at ihe close of the war. after
it is over, shall we adopt language that was not
used during the pendency of the "war or at its
commencement—legislative language, if you
please—to give a character to the rebellion
which it has not had heietolbrc?
This matter needs no further argument. The
Senator fiom Nevada [Mr. Stewart] yester-
day made this objection to the resolution so
clcar that it needs but the proposition for an
amendment at my hands.
My great objection to this resolution is that
it undertakes to establish the idea in the coun-
try that these Stases have to lie brought back
into the Union by an act of Congress, which I
do not believe. J believe that in la.w tire States
arc in the Union, and that ail that is needed is
to give them practical relations to the Federal
Government in every respect. So far as that
was within the power of the Executive it has
been done. The executive department is exer-
cising all of its powers within and over these
States. In some of the States, I believe, the
Federal judiciary is also exercising its powers.
It now simply requires the action of Congress
to give them their fall rights as States in the
Union. Therefore I do not think it is proper
te say in this resolution iha'c the States have
been in rebellion, or to provide that the States
Qro to be brought back again by an act of Con-
gress. This is all I have to say uponthe amend-
ment.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I wasso unfor-
tunate as not to be present while the Senator
from Maryland was making his observations.
But I understand that he called mc in question
for having been present at a meeting which he
affirmed was held in Cleveland some seven
years ago by persons called "Sons of Liberty,"
and ho alleged that, I there consented to certain
resolutions that were passed which favored the
doctrine of secession, and that I was chairman
of the committee which reported them. Sir,
the charge is a total forgery so far as I am con-
cerned. I never was at any such meeting of
the Sons of Liberty or any other sous. I never
uttered such a sentiment in my life; and I
would thank gentlemen to look better to their
authorities wlien they call my course in ques-
tion than to produce this kind of a paper. I
do not know what it is, but I presume it is of
the copperhead persuasion.
Mr. CONXESS. "What is it?
Mr. WADE. 1 sec that the paper contain-
ing the charge is the Baltimore. Gazette.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is an extract published
by that paper. I looked for the Senator from
Ohio this morning in order to show it to him.
Knowing the opinions that Senator has enter-
tained lately, 1 was a little surprised to find
that, he was supposed to have entertained these
opinions.
Mr. WADE. I do not wonder that the Sen-
ator was surprised to hear that 1 had uttered
such sentiments; and I am rather surprised
that he should believe I had ever uttered any
sentiments disloyal to this nation or favoring
secession in any manner or form. J am not one
of those who have or have had much association
with gentlemen holding to secession principles.
My associations have all been the other way. .
During the war that secession made my coun-
sels were against it. I was for war to thedeath
against the principle of secession, while many
other gentlemen in my eye were either partici-
pants in or apologists for that sentiment. I
neverexeusedaman from his oath ontheground
of secession or any other ground. When a man
lifts his hand to God and swears that lie willdo
or forbear to do a certain thing, I will hold him
to it before God and man, and 1 do not seek to
find out whether it is constitutional or not. His
conscience is involved ; and if he is not a per-
jured man he will regard his oath.
But I only rose to say on this occasion that
all that relates to me'which lias been read from
the paper which I now hold in my hand, and
all the comments upon it, are without the least
foundation in the world, so far as I am con-
cerned. I neverpresidedoversnch a meeting,
1 never was present at any such meeting, and
I never knew that such a meeting was held.
Now, Mr. President, 1 am perfectly aware
that a war is made—and I am willing to meet
it anywhere—upon what are called radicals of
the countiy, and 1 am one of them. In olden
times T was here in the Senate called an aboli-
tionist. but ihey have changed the name since.
They have all got to be abolitionists now, and
they have changed my name to •' radical."
Mr. COXXESS. A radical change!
Mr. WADE. No, fir, it is not a radical
change. My radicalism is exactly the same
thing that, what you called my abolitionism was.
Sir, it has conquered you. Who dare get up
to-day and sav that he is not an abolitionist?
Mr. SUMX'KR. And it will conquer again.
mr. WaDE. Will conquer again! It has
conquered. What do you call this tempest in a
teapot noiv before us ? Do you call 1 hat a war ?
Sir, it does not rise to the dignity of war-
faro. The attempt is put down now in the
hearts of the people. God knows the rever-
berations from all parts of the country show-
that the attempt to war on the radicals will
not rise to respectability enough to make a
defense. [Laughter.] 1 thank Cod for it. for,
Mr. President, in the history of mankind, so
for as 1 have read or know it, there never has
been a time when parties were so organized
on radical principles of justice and right. The
party with whom lact appeal to no expediency,
to none of your political policies; we dig down
to the granite of eternal truth, and there we
stand, and they who assail us have to assail the
great principles of the Almighty, for our prin-
ciples are chained to His throne, and are as
indestructible as the Almighty himself. And
do you think by your puny attempts, by false,
copperhead, miserable papers like this to assail
us, and think to prevail over the principles
which we have adopted? I want no warfare
with anybody; but if youiwill mate war upon
such principles as we have adopted, it is the
worse for you. You cannot prevail.
I have been in these political warfares for a
long time; I claim to be an old soldier in thcni.
I stood in this Senate when there were not five
men with me to support me, and then I rose
here and told those who were inveighing like
demons against the principles that they called
abolitionism, that I was an fftolitionist. To-
day you are all abolitionists, not voluntarily,
but by compulsion. [Laughter.] Yes, sir,
compulsory abolitionists, for who does not go
for abolition? Your President is an abolition-
ist.; every leading man of the South is com-
pelled to say he is an abolitionist, whether he
is at heart, or not. Such are the triumphs of the
great principles of right, justice, and liberty,
which were abetted and advocated by the great
party with whom I have acted and claim now
to act.
Talk not to me about resolutions or the veto
of a bill making any sueecsslul opposition to
the measures that we have brought forward
now for the purpose of advancing right, lib-
erty, and justice in the South and everywhere
else. You may delay the blow, but come it
will, for the decree is not of us, but of the
Almighty ; we shall prevail, and all you can do
or say will not be able to prevail against it.
I have wondered a great deal why men did
not learn more about these things than they
seem to do. Our principles are assailed now
with just the same virulence that they used
to be when we were in a small minority. I do
not hold that they have triumphed thus far
bceause of any superior capacity on our part.
Certainly not. Why is it,, then, that we, from
the smallest of all beginnings, have conquered
the prejudices of the people and conquered the
predominant party of this country which had
stood completely dominating the whole nation
for more than forty years? Why is it that we
have conquered you and now are triumphant
here in this Senate and almost by two thirds
in both branches, with the whole nation at our
backs ? What miracle has wrought this change ?
None other than the great consoling fact that
justice, liberty, and right are destined among
the American people to succeed, and the gates
of hell cannot prevail against them, although
they are trying at this particular time very liard
to do it. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I did not rise to speak on this
resolution. It has been here long enough. I
wish wo could come to a vote upon the subject.
I did not intend to open my mouth upon it,
and I should not have said anything now but
for the fact that 1 have been assailed by forger-
ies and falsehoods here without the least foun-
dation in the world. When I see things run-
ning as calmly, as glibly, and as triumphantly
as the principles I advocate do now, I am con-
tent to sit, still and see the hand of the Lord.
I anr not compelled to labor now. Formerly
we had a little something to do, but, now we
may sit still, in perfect calmness, and see how
right and justice will work themselves out.
1 say to you, Mr. President, that it will not
be one month from to-day before any man who
claims that ho is not a radical here will wish
to God he had been. [Laughter.] I under-
stand very well that, from the President of the
United States to the copperhead and the sym-
pathizer, the radicals are sought to be put down,
but you ought to have found out dial it requires
hard wrestling to put them don n. You have not
the force you used to have to contend with them ;
aud. as I said before, you do not seem to be
capable of learning anything. [Laughter.]
