00
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
accomplished bur sojournings here upon earth,
inlay we die lamented by the good and go up on
high to receive the approbation of the Judge,
"Well done, good and faithful servant; enter
thou into the joy of thy Lord forever." Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive COMSIUNICATIOjr.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary
" of the Navy, transmitting, in obedience to law,
a statement prepared by the Second Comptrol-
ler of the Treasiiiy, showing the appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June
80, 18G5, the expenditures for the same period,
and the balances on hand; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. HARRIS. I rise to make a motion to
which, I suppose, there will bo no objection.
It is, that when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest whether it
is not advisable to postpone that motion for a
little time. I have had an intimation that some
matters may come in from the other House
that may require to be acted on at once, and
the delay of a day might be of importance.
Mr. HARMS. I made the motion now,
because I-supposed the Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Foot] would present resolutions which
woidd perhaps preclude the making of such a
motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I only make the sugges-
tion. I do not object to the motion. It is for
the Senate to decide.
The motion was agreed to.
committed service.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There'is a vacancy
upon the Committee on Pensions, occasioned
by the withdrawal of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson.] I move that the Chair
be authorized to fill the vacancy.
The motion was agieed to by unanimous con-
sent.
eight-hour labor system.
Mr. BRO WN. 1 desire to offer a resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee 011 the Judiciary be
iustrueted to inquire into i in; expediency ol providing
by taw for iho adoption of the cicdit-honr system of
labor in alt employments and places to which the ju-
i 'lion ot Congress cxceiuK wo tar as the same may
bo practicable, and to report by bill or otherwise.
This is simply a resolution of inquiry, and I
presume there will be no objection to its joas-
sage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
have any objection to the resolution. It is one.
however, instructing a committee to report upon
the rightfulness or propriety of adopting an
eight-hour labor sylem, and I 1hink it had
better go to some other committee than the
Judiciary Commit lee.
Mr. JOHNSON. It presents no question
of law. and is not at all suited, I think, to the
J udieiaiy Committee.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that it go to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. I think that is
the appropriate committee, because the appli-
eation-of such a system, so far as the Govern-
ment is concerned, would be in the navy-yards
and naval stations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a very proper
suggestion.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the resolution had
better not be adopted ai all. I do not think
the question is one that comes proper!) before
us at this time. Ail the e things, I believe,
are regulated by the laws of i In: particular States;
and so far as the navy-yard < are concerned, we
have a law on the statute-book that the men
emploj-ed in the navy-yards shall work the same
number of hours as similar employes in the pri-
vate ship-yards around the navv-yard, so that
we are dependent in regard to this matter in
our different yards entirely upon the legislation
of the different States, and that is {lie way it
ought to be.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I do notwish
to enter into the discussion of the merits of the
question at this time. I seldom hear an objec-
tion to a mere resolution of inquiry that is pre-
sented, which proposes a reference to a com-
mittee. I think the Senator from Iowa yester-
day expressed himself as somewhat surprised
that any objection should be taken to a simple
resolution of inquiry addressed to a committee.
I think that the Judiciary Committee is the
proper committee to which this question should
go, and I should be glad to have it referred to
it. The committee, if it sees proper, can re-
port in any manner it chooses, by bill or other-
wise, or ask to be discharged. The question
can then come up for discussion on its merits.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. I merely inquire as to whether
it is usual to instruct a committee to report. I
believe we instruct them to inquire or request
them to inquire; but is it the habit of the Sen-
ate in a resolution of reference to require a
committee to report?
The PRESID ENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it is in order to introduce a resolution of
that sort.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe it has not been the
usual practice.
Mr. BROWN. I do not desire to press the
resolution this morning,
Mr. CONNE3S. I object to its considera-
tion this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not understand that there was any objec-
tion to its consideration, and having been de-
bated to such an extent, it would seem the ob-
jection has been waived, and the Chair thinks
it too late now to object to the consideration of
the resolution.
Mr. BROWN. Let it be passed over in-
form ally.
The PIIESIDENT j>ro tempore. It will be
laid aside if there be 110 objection.
death oj senator collamer.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I rise to ask
the Senate to suspend, for this day, its delib-
erations upon public affairs, that we may offer
fitting and appropriate tribute to the character
and the memory oi' one who has long been asso-
ciated with us in the national councils, but who
is with us now 110 more. Since our assembling
here at this present session, we have all had
occasion to remark—none of us can have failed
to remark—(he absence of one of our num-
ber; one whom we have long been accustomed
to meet and to hold counsel with in these Halls.
An elder brother, who has long mingled with
us in our deliberations here; a wise and dis-
creet statesman; a learned and judicious coun-
selor; a pure patriot; a just and an upright
man. has been removed from among us by the
hand of death. A venerable form, long familiar
to our sight, has been taken away out of our
presence. I bring no new message to this body—
for it has already been heralded throughout
the country—yet none the less sad, in making
the formal announcement to the Senate of the
death of my late colleague, Hon. Jacob Col-
la.ueu. It is eminently fit and becoming, Mr.
President, as it is also in accordance with an
approved and sacred custom, that we pause for
an hour in die ordinary routine of our daily la-
bors. that we may consecrate that hour to the
virtues and the memory of a deceased and la-
mented associate, who has shared so long and
so largely in our regards, and in the public con-
fidence. for his mature wisdom and for his great
moial excellence. I
" Your colleague, J udgeCoi.la.mei:. is dead!"
was the startling i c legraphic message I received 1
; at my home about fh e weeks auo. He expired
| at his residence in Woodstock. Vermont. 011 the
| evening of tbo !>th of November past, after a \
brief illness of little more than a single week,
at his own homo, in the midst of his own af- i
feetionate and devoted household, in the full 1
exorcise of his intellectual faculties, with an j
abiding and unshaken faith in the Christian re- J
ligion, and in the cherished hope of a blissful ]
immortality. * J
But three weeks before his decease he visited
Montpelier, the capital of the State, some fifty
miles distant from his residence, to attend the
funeral services of a younger and favorite
brother. Having paid the last sad offices of re-
spect and affection to a brother's memory, he
returned to his own home; but alas! only to lay
himself down so soon to die. By this dispensa-
tion, so sudden and so sad, the Senate of the Uni-
ted Stateshaslost oneofthe oldest, most experi-
enced, and most trusted ofits members; thecoun-
try one of the ablest and purest of its statesmen;
society, and the church of which he was a mem-
ber, one of their worthiest and brightest exem-
plars ; my own State, her most eminent citizen",
and this day there is mourning through all her
borders.
Jacob Collamek was born in Troy, in the
State of New York, the 8th day of January,
A. D. 1791, and was, therefore, at the time of
his decease, in the seventy-fifth year of his age,
and in the number of his 3'ears was the senior
member of this body. In early childhood he
was removed, with his father's family, to Bur-
lington, Vermont. There his early life was
spent. There he was educated. There his
academic years were passed. He entered the
University of Vermont at the age of fifteen,
where he graduated in 1810, with credit and
commendation_ for good conduct and scholar-
ship, thus giving early promise and hope to his
friends of future eminence and usefulness.
This promise and these hopes were not doomed
to disappointment.
Immediately upon the conclusion of his col-
legiate course he entered the law office of the
late Judge Aldis, of St. Albans, then an emi-
nent and leading lawyer at the bar in the State.
Having passed through the usual preparatory-
course of legal studies, he was admitted to the
bar in 1813, and entered at once upon his pro-
fessional career. After remaining a few months
at St. Albans, and thence stopping for a year
or two in the town of Randolph, he finally set-
tled at Royalfon, in the county of Windsor,
where he resided during the whole period of his
active professional career, and until he removed
to Woodstock, in the same county, in 1S36,
where he continued till the time of his death.
Here his advancement in professional business
and reputation was alike rapid and gratifying,
and soon placed him in the front ranks of the
leading men of his time at the bar. Forensic
laurels, fresh and fair, gathered thick and fast
upon his youthful brow, and he became at once
the compeer, as he was the contemporary, of
Prentiss and Phelps, and Royee and "Bates ; of
Van Ness and Upham; of Skinner and Hall
and Everett, and early took rank even with the
senior and more advanced champions of the
profession, like Daniel Chipmau and David
Edmond, and Chaunecy Langdon, and Horatio
Seymour, and Charles K. Williams, and Jona-
than IT. Hubbard, and Charles Marsh, and Wil-
liam C. Bradley, who had long held supremacy
at the bar in our State. It was in a school of
practice like this; it was in contact and collis-
ion with minds like these, that his own powers
were quickened and invigorated, and in which
lie was early trained ancl disciplined to habits
of close application and study, and which be-
came the fixed habit of'hi« life, and wa=, indeed,
one of the chief elements of hi< success, and
which enabled him to reach and to maintain
the post of eminence and distinction, awarded
to him by the popular judgment, in the front
ranks of the legal profession.
During the period of his active professional
practice, although his time and attention were
chiefly engrossed «i his professional duties,
yet. besides holding for several years the local
offices of register of probate, and of State's
attorney for the county of Windsor, he was, at
four different times, elected by the people1 of
Royalton to the popular branch of the State
Legislature. He served throueh the teveial
ses- ions, devoting himself, with Ilia accu.-tomed
vigilance and fidelity, to the interests of his con-
stituents and of the State, and took a pi eminent
and influential part in flic debates and the busi-
ness of the body of which ho was a member.
