1114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
I tell you we are triumphant. The people
are impatient; the people are ahead of any of
us, but I do riot intend that they shall be of me
if I can hel|3 it. [Laughter.] On the great
principles of justice and right, for which ] have
always contended in this body, I have always
intended to be ahead of the great mass of the
people, but they have overtaken me, and are
now threatening to go ahead of me. If 1 could
take another advance I would do it; but having
grounded myself on the granite ofeternal truth,
as I said before, I do not see that I ean get any
further ; that is my foundation and 1 defy all
opposition to it. I do not care whether i am
assailcu by Presidents and called a traitor or
by somebody else ; 1 do not euro who it is that
assails mo or from whom the assaull comes ; it
does not shake my nerves at all. 1 lut^e seen
times when a man wanted more faifh to believe
in the tiiumphant justice of Cod than now.
His coui>.e with this nation has been so mani-
fest for years pa-,t that no man but an utter
heathen can doubt that the Almighty arm is
bared in defen.se of the prineples we advocate.
If now, barked by the impatience of the people,
who are ready and eager lor the contest on the
issue that h sought to be joined with us, we
should be backward we should be the greatest,
cowards on Ood's earth. But. we are no! ; and
F say if Presidents or kings seek to make op-
position to us, Maml linn, im fi sends, and )ou
that waver had better .e.o back a Utile.
-Mr. PIXOW Wa\er in what?
Mr. WADE. "Waver in the determination
todo right and justice by all men. Ifyou waver
upon thai ami think by expediency you can
triumph you an1 mistaken. You cannot do it;
nobody can do it. The Senator from Tonnee-
tieut. tlie other day called me in question be-
cause I had presented an amendment of the
Constitution so that a man should not hold the
ofnee of President more than one term.
Mr. niXOM. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. 1 did not intend at, all to call him in
question, I merely alluded to the fact.
Mr. WAOK. You alluded to the fact and
remarked that ! had brought it forth at this
particular time in order to efli'ct certain pur-
poses* Perhaps that was not the Senator's
language; I do not suppose it was exactly.
Mr. 1 > 1XON. 1 stated ■what the Senator said
at the time, that he brought it forward at this
particular period, as 1 understood him to say,
as a proper measure at this time.
Mr. WAIMO. So far from that, I raid when
T brought it. forward that it had been in my mind
for a great many years as the only sal vat ion for
the country, as a barrier against the ambition
of men, and 1 told you it was not aimed at any
particular man, because in my judgment human
nature was not proof against the temptations
of electioneering with the whole powers of the
Government for another term. That is what I
said about it, \ thought the principle was right.
I thought we had a ('hief Magistrate in the (Uiuir
by mere accident who would have no ambition
to continue his position there to another term,
and 1 supposed, therefore, it was peculiarly pro-
pitious to interpose this great remedial act.
1 ;-ay now, as I did before, 1 intiodueed it. for
no party purpose whatever. 1 did it becau.se
my ob.M'i-vation has taught me to belie\c that
without pome such breakwater to the ambition
of Presidents, your nation will be eonstantlv in
danger. 1 hope it will be received in no party
spirit. It has not been a party measure here-
tofore. Indeed it was peculiarly and emphat-
ically in the mouth of a man wIiom^ polities F
never did agreed to. (Jeneral Jackson was the
most emphatic on that subject of any man. It
was a doctrine avowed by his party; i! was an
emanation of the sagacity, "wisdom, and honesty
of that great statesman. It came also from
Washington.
I hope that when that proposition comes up
(and 1 shall insist upon it whenever I can see an
oppoi(unity -where the Senate is so disengaged
irom oilier business that they can attend ro it j
I shall urge it upon the consideration, of the
Senate in no partisan spirit, but in the hope
that patriotism will triumph over party consid-
erations and enable us all to come up with one
voice and interpose this great remedy against
human ambition.
But, sir, J did not rise to make a speech, and I
am very willing now that the vote shall be taken.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Ohio
has done me the justice to suppose that I did
not intend to assail him by using the resolution
which 1 read. I looked through the Chamber
to-day to submit it to him, in order to ascer-
tain whether H was true or not. it is taken
from an Ohio paper as a resolution offered at
a meeting piesidcd over by Mr. Giddings.
Mr. WADE, i know nothing about it. I
was not within sixty miles of where any such
meeting was held.
Mr. JOlIXSOX. There were meetings of
that «ort held, I recollect; but I had no idea
the Senator was there until F read it in this
paper as taken from an Ohio paper ; and com-
ing from an Ohio paper 1 thought it possible it
might be true.
Mr. W A DM. Do you know what Ohio paper?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, I ha\e forgotten. I
said that ii surpiised me exceedingly, because
t never bad heard the honorable member ex-
press any opinion that was not entirely loyal;
but we arc sometimes so excited as to lorgot
for a moment onr duty not. only to the country
but to others, and I thought it barely possible,
seeing it taken from an Ohio paper, that it
ini^ht be true; bu! 1 would notha\e used it, if
the honorable member had been in his seat,
without first -submitting it to him. ilcwa^not
here.
A1 r. WADK. All right-
Mr. COWAN Mr. President, f had pro-
posed to <peak to the resolution now before the
Senale at some length: but I certainly ha\ e no
disposition, if a vote is to be pressed this even-
ing, to trespass on the Senate. 1 shall be glad,
however, if the Senate will consent that the
resolution shall go over until one o'clock to-
morrow, at which time 1 shall be here in my
place ready to say what 1 have to say upon it.
I make the motion that it be postponed until
that hour.
.Mr. KESSEN'DEN. ] cannoteonsenttothat.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose that Senators
on all sides desire to get this subject disposed
of, and I suggest that, we agree to take the vote
to-mouuw evening at four o'clock.
.Mr. JOHXSON. j think we can come to
that understanding.
Mr. SAULSiiURY. I shall desire to be
heard before the vote is taken.
Mr. IIKNDU10KS. Perhaps r am not au-
thorized to make any proposition.
Mr. FKSSKXDI-jX. ] will say to the Sen-
ator from Indiana that we do not desire, on
this side, to press the resolution unnecessarily
and improperly ; but the debate has seemed to
be interminable, and our desire is to bring it
to a close. If it can be generally understood
that we shall ha\e a vote to-morrow at a reason-
able hour, thai will be satisfactory.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Dela-
ware says he may desire to speak; but I think
we can vote to-morrow.
Mr. FKSSKN DEN. ffthe Senator from Bel-
awaie objects to any understanding, of coursc
we shall gain nothing by seeking to make an
arrangement now.
Mr. SA'l LSRLR^l . T do not wish to delay
the Senate; but 1 had intended to say some-
thing on this subject to-day, and as L have been
very unwell all day, I must defer it until to-
morrow.
Mr. 1IKNDU1CKS. I believe I can now say
that we can agree to take the vote to-morrow.
I do not suppose that any Senator desires to
continue the question until next week. 1 should
like to see some prospect of adjourning the ses-
sion before the middle of the summer. That is
a question in which 1 feel some interest.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let us take the vote
at live o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will modify the sug-
gestion which I made, and instead of fixing
four o'clock I propose that we take the vote
to-morrow.
Several Senators. Say at five o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. We had better not fix any
particular hour.
Several Senators. Say five o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, I propose to name
live o'clock, if that is satisfactory.
Mr. CONNESS. After the announcement
that the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania
will take the floor at one o'clock to-morrow,
not knowing what that distinguished Senator
may say, and supposing that he intends to make
a very general assault upon the resolution, al-
though 1 am as anxious to come to the vote as
any other'Senator, I should be unwilling to fix
an hour for taking the vote which would prevent
a reply being made to what ho may say. I
object lo fixing the hour until I shall first hear
what the Senator from Pennsylvania may say.
Mr. CLARK. Oh! let us take the vote and
pass the resolution.
Mr. CONN ESS. 1 am willing to agree to
the arrangement that a vote shall be taken to-
morrow, but 1 do not like to have the hour
fixed.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
California whether if we can lix the time for
taking the vote it is woitli while to risk the
matter by any objection to that understanding.
Mr. EBSSENDEN. As the general dispo-
sition of the Senate seems to be to fix a time
for taking the vote. 1 will consent to name five
o'clock to.-morrow, with the understandingwith
Senators on the other side, that if 1 lind it
necessary in consequence of anything that oc-
curs in the debate to make a short, reply, with-
out opening the debate again. 1 shall have the
right to do so. 1 shall certainly not be disposed
to seek an opportunity to speak ; butif 1 should
lind it necessary to do so, and that should take
me a little beyond five o'clock, I suppose there
will be no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. There can lie no objection
to that.
Mr. EESRENDBN.^ As 1 have charge of
the resolution perhaps it may be necessary—I
hope it will not be—for me to say a few words
upon it.
Mr. CONNESS. With that understanding,
1 have no objection to the arrangement,
Mr. KESSEN DEN. Then I believe we are
all agreed, it being understood that I shall have
an opportunity to reply to what may be said, it
1 deem it necessary, though it may go beyond
five o'clock, my reply not being regarded as
opening the debate again.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will not consent myself to
the arrangement that the vote shall be taken at
five o'clock. 1 have no objection to the Senate
continuing in session to-nmrrow until the ques-
tion can be taken.
Mr. EESSENDEN. Then we may as well
go on to-night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I make one more prop-
osition, and (hat is that this resolution be made
the order of the day for twelve o'clock to-mor-
row, or immediately after the reading of the
Journal, and that we finish it up before we
adjourn. That will give one more hour, and
we can certainly get through in six hours. We
can as well sit it out to-morrow as to-night. I
should be in favor of sitting here then. With
that feeling I move that we adjourn.
The motion was not, agreed to.
Mi. HENDERSON. I understand that an
arrangement of this character will be satisfac-
tory: that the vote be taken to-morrow at six
o'clock. That is to say, the vote may be taken
by four o'clock, but we shall certainly take the
vote at six o'clock to-morrow. I understand
the Senator from Kentucky wants about an
hour, the Senator from Pennsylvania about an
hour and a half, and the Senator from Delaware
perhaps an hour or an hour and a half. Pos-
sibly we can take the vote by half past four
o' clock, but I understand that Senators all agree
that if the vote is not forced before six o'clock
it may then be taken. ["Agreed."] If that
be satisfactory, we can have it so understood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
whether Senators are agreed on that, with the
understanding that if other gentlemen take up
