3994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
lt&ry power, were not valid and constitutional
State governments of the prdinary kind, and
the States in which they were established active
members of our confederation of States. That
opinion was indorsed in the most solemn man-
ner by this Senate and by the House of Repre-
sentatives. It was indorsed by the refusal of
representation on;scveral occasions to persons
claiming to be Senators and Representatives
in Congress, and notably in the case of Arkan-
saSj which was fully discussed in this Senate.
Why, sir, there were but six votes for the ad-
mission of the persons claiming to be Senators
from Arkansas, and the persons claiming to be
Senators from all the other States in question
were either rcjccted or their cases loft undeter-
mined. Then, again, we determined that the
elections for President and Vice President of
the United States, held under the authority of
those military governments, were invalid, and
that the electoral votes cast should not be
counted in the joint convention of the two
Houses assembled under the Constitution to
ascertain and declare who were elected Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States.
I say, then, with Deference to all those State
governments established during the war, that
they were military governments in their very
nature. They were essentially such. They
were not civil, constitutional governments, such
as are known in our own fundamental law, but
established and dominated by the war power
of this Government. But I thought they were
legitimate and proper. Why, sir, when we sent
our armies into Mexico, General Scott organ-
ized or permitted the organization or continu-
ance of local authoritiesin the country occupied,
to carry on the business of local government and
to act in aid of his military authority, or, at all
events, in subordination to it. He might have
preserved order and carried onlocalgovernment
through the commanders and forces under him;
but he cliobu to allow this to be done by the
inhabitants of that country themselves. ■ And
so while the rebellion existed and war waJ
waged by us against it, we were at perfect lib-
erty, in conducting war operations in any se-
ceded Slate, to permit the affairs of civil life to
be managed by local authorities chosen by the
people who adhered to us, or were submissive
to our authority, instead of managing them ex-
clusively By military power directly applied.
We called the governments set up State gov-
ernments; but they were in fact provisional
establishments destitute of the elements of per-
manency and independence. I think, there-
fore, that I was correct in asserting upon a
former occasion that it was absurd to hold that,
"they were State governments in the ordinary
sense of the term, aud that the minorities who
submitted to them were to bo considered the
whole people for purposes of representation in
Congress and for participation in presidential
elections."
But how stands the question since peace lias
returned? War ended in fact more than a year
ago, and the entire suppression of the rebellion
was officially announced by the President in
his proclamation of 2d of April of the present
year. In some ofthe States the so-called "loyal
governments" set up during the war continue;
but remarkable changes have taken place in
their character and action. Constitutional
conventions, in which the whole people or a
majority of the people participated, have given
them a full popular sanction and imparted to
them additional validity, or there has been
such popular acquiescence in their exercise of
authority that they may be acccpted as truly
representing the people of the States in which
they are established.
Now. these governments "ask recognition
from Congress as real and complete State gov-
ernmentsforallpurposes whatsoever. It clearly
follows, from what I have said, that the argu-
ment in their favor must be placed upon
grounds which did not exist during the war.
Actual independence of military control, and
the acquiescence of the people of the States
interested, must clearly appear to justify the
full admission of their claims. However im-
perfect they may have been as State govern- I
ments originally, however local and provisional j
in character and subservient to military dom- ;
ination formerly, they may become complete j
and acceptable State governments by the act
or acquiescence of the people concerned, the
military power formerly exercised over them
being withdrawn. In this view, neither irreg-
ularity of origin nor an imperfect constitution
in their earlier stages need prevent their pres-
ent recognition."
Now, sir, what would be interesting, if we
went into the inquiry—and we must go into it
if we vote upon this amendment now pending—
would be to ascertain the extent to which the
people of Tennessee have acquiesced since the
close of the war in this government which was
set up during the war and controlled until the
conclusion of the war by military power. Why,
sir, the other day, I understand, the Governor
of Tennessee called upon General Thomas for
military aid in civil affairs in that State—a
common thing during the war and then re-
sponded to promptly by our military com-
manders but by an order from the War De-
partment that aid was refused. It is now
understood that that government there is no
longer subject to military control or domina-
tion. Our public authorities say so. They
refuse to interfere in civil affairs in that State,
at least to the extent demanded in the requisi-
tion to which I have alluded. But, sir, to what
extent have the people of Tennessee acquiesced
in this government set up over them? I am,
I confess, without adequate information upon
that very interesting and very vital point. I
should like to obtain from the chairman of the
Committee upon the Judiciary or from some
other source, information as to the number of
votes that have been given by the people of
Tennessee upon organizing and conducting
this State government which we are asked to
indorse, and as to the proportion of the popu-
lation of that State which now not only ac-
knowledges the jurisdiction of this State gov-
ernment, but is authorized by it to participate
in its authority and to enjoy fully the elective
franchise and other privileges under it.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, I shall detain
the Senate but a'very few moments on this
subject. If I understand the distinguished Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, liis first objection is
that the resolution as it now stands and that we
are voting upon is simply a recognition of the
present government, which he says was or-
ganized under " the most eminent blackguard
of the age." The government of Tennessee
was organized in what way ? Under the proc-
lamation of President Lincoln.
Mr. BUCKALBW. I beg leave to correct
the Senator. I expressly spoke of it as it
stands organized at this date. I had no refer-
ence to its origin or first establishment during
the war.
Mr. LANE. Then it was in the past tense.
This Government was organized under the
proclamation of President Lincoln. Andrew
Johnson, the present President of the United
States, was appointed provisional governor.
Ho issued his call for a convention in the State
of Tennessee. A convention was called, acon-
stitution adopted, and an election ordered, and,
under that election, William G. Brownlow
appears first upon the stage of action in Ten-
nessee. The whole organization of the gov-
ernment was perfect up to the time of his elec-
tion. He was elected, so far as I know, upon
a fair vote of the loyal people of Tennessee.
The government-then was organized by Presi-
dent Lincoln and by the provisional governor,
now the President of the United States.
Whether Governor Brownlow may be " the
most eminent blackguard of the age" or not,
I am not now here to say. I admit that the
telegram that he sent the other day to the Sec-
retary of the Senate was rather more forcible
than classical; but compared with other ema-
nations from East Tennessee, I think it is won-
derfully respectable, for there is a species of
coarseness that seems to run through all the
communications from that part of Tennessee.
It is quite as genteel, I think, as the 22d of
February speech. The only objectionable part
of it seems to be a reflex or echo from that 22d
of February speech.
But, Mr. President, a word as to the resolu-
tion itself. I shall vote for this preamble and res-
olution precisely as they came from the House.
I think the purpose is as well expressed as we
can express it by any change. 1 am prepared
to vote for the resolution without any pream-
ble, or with either preamble, or with both pream-
bles. We are asked to do a certain thing. The
doing of that thing is the important matter,
and not the reason which wo shall assign to
ourselves or others for the act. The preamble
from the House is in these words :
Whereas the State of Tennessee has, in good faith,
ratified the article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress to the Legislatures ofthe several States, and
has also shown to the satisfaction of Congress, by a
proper spirit of obedienee in the body of her people,
her return to her due allegiance to the Government,
laws, and authority of the United States: Therefore,
Beit resohed. That her relations are resumed, and
she is entitled to representation.
That is the whole substance of it. Now, if
by the people of Tennessee, in this preamble,
you mean the loyal people, then I doubt not it
is true. If you mean by a "proper spirit of
obedience in the body of her people" to allude
to the loyal people, then, I doubt not, that is
true.
But, sir, what is the difference between these
two preambles ? The preamble prepared by
the Judiciary Committee and presented here
is simply fuller in its recitation of the histor-
ical facts and connections of this subject than
the preamble of the House; but the preamble
of the House asserts to all intents and pur-
poses that they have substantially complied
with our plan of reconstruction, and are now
entitled to representation and to resume their
relations with the United States, and as sub-
stantially declares that as does the preamble
of the Judiciary Committee. Now, sir, when
we are all prepared, with two exceptions, I
think, in the whole Senate, to admit Tennes-
see to representation, and to admit that she is
in such relations to the Government as to be
entitled to resume representation in this body,
how childish is it to stand here to debate as to
the reasons we shall assign for that act!
Neither of these preambles contain the rea-
sons why I shall give this vote. I shall vote
to admit Tennessee because she had, under
the proclamation of the President, by the vol-
untary act of the people, long before the sup-
pression of the rebellion, a full and complete
loyal State government. I shall vote to admit
her, also, for the causes recited in the pream-
ble. If I understand the plan of reconstruc-
tion, it was this: that the constitutional amend-
ment should be adopted by all the States before
they should be entitled to representation, with
the exception of Tennessee, and in her ease
she should be admitted to representation when
she ratified and confirmed the amendment.
Having complied, then, with our own condi-
tion, and that fact being sufficiently reciled in
the House resolution, I shall vote against all
amendments and shall vote for the preamble and
resolution precisely as they came from the
House. If that shall fail, I shall vote for the
amendment of the Judiciary Committee. If
that shall fail, Itnd both preambles are stricken
out, I shall still do the thing I intend to do sub-
stantially, by voting for the resolution.
Mr. HLNDRICKS. I have with some hesi-
tation decided to vote for the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on the Judiciary, be-
cause I think it nearer right. The resolution
of the House assumes that the State of Ten-
nessee is out of the Union, because it proposes
to restore her to her " former proper, practical
relations to the Union." The resolution pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, simply recognizes
the State of Tennessee as in the Union. 1 think
that the State of Tennessee, in the eye of the
law, has never been out of the Union ; and I
prefer to vote for the resolution that recognizes
her as in the Union, rather than for a resolu-
