3034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Government "rests upon the great truth, that
the negro is not equal to the white man."
Speaking of the anti-slavery fanatics of the
North, he said, in the same speech, "Their
conclusions are right if their premises are;
they assume that the negro is equal, and hence
conclude that he is entitled to equal privileges
and rights with the white man. If their prem-
ises were correct their conclusions would be
logical and just; but their premises being
wrong, their argument fails."
The position taken by Mr. Stephens is cer-
tainly correct. If the negro be inferior to the
white man, and incapable of self-government,
modified slavery results as a matter of course.
The southern argument, asserting the divinity
of slavery, proceeded from this idea. We have
declared that slavery in 110 form shall exist
hereafter. In so declaring, we necessarily deny
the negro's incapacity to take care of and gov-
ern himscif. Now, if the abolition of slavery
is not to be followed by such privileges and
rights as will maintain and perpetuate the free-
dom of the emancipated, it amounts to noth-
ing. It is "as sounding brass or a tinkling
cymbal.'1 Mr. Stephens said that this idea
of inferiority, upon which slavery was founded
upon the one side, and the opposite idea of
man's equality on the other, carrying with it
equal rights and equal privileges, caused the
late war. itwas first a contest of opinion, then
a contest of force. In the overthrow of the re-
bellion one idea triumphed, and necessarily
the other was vanquished. False ideas, then,
and false teachings had corrupted our institu-
tions. These teachings interfered with the har-
mony of the Government. They had produced
disease. That disease had developed itself in
a destructive war. It was for us, when vio-
lence had ceased, when the paroxysms of acute
pain had been allayed, to consider whether the
cause of disease should be removed entirely or
be left in the system to fester again.
I think it somewhat unfortunate that Con-
gress was not in session when armed hostility
ceased. It is possible that, had it been in ses-
sion, it would have done nothing. It had cer-
tainly been derelict in failing to provide for a
contingency, which for many months before its
occurrence it was evident must soon happen.
And why did it fail thus to provide '! For the
saino reason that produced the war. Because
we could not agree as to the status of the negro.
We feared to giapple with prejudice and did
nothing.
Prcsident.lohnson, finding the rebellion over-
thrown and himself just advanced to the ex-
ecutive power of the nation, naturally enough
felt a desire to see the Union at once restored,
lie had borne a prominent part among the
friends and supporters of lhe(iovenmienf, and
it would lie by no means strange that he were
possessed of an ambition, laudable and hon-
orable within itself, to take a yet more prom-
inent and exalted position in rebuilding the
shattered columns of the Union. The war
had been waged that the States might be kept
in their proper relations to the Government.
It was tin) wish of every earnest patriot in
the land In see complete restoration, and to
see it as soon as possible. It had been a
fearful period,those four years of anxiety and
dread. The lojai people never desired the
war. They accepted if simply as a necessity.
They went to the battle without malice toward
their enemies, but simply to save the Union,
and in so doing to secure the happiness and
even safety of both North and South. Hence
when victory came the first shout of exultation
was immediately followed by an exhibition of
charity and magnanimity toward a fallen foe
which brought to the national name more true
glory than all the achievements of war, and
gave each hero a fame that will live when his
most daring deeds of martial prowess shall
have been long forgotten. The assassination
of^ Mr. Lincoln checked but did not subdue
this feeling of mercy.
The incoming President took counsel of his
Cabinet advisers as to the course of policy to
be pursued. They were substantially the same
who had devised a plan of restoration with the
lam ented Lin coin in 1863. At, that time not more
than three of the seceded States could possibly
be drawn into any scheme of restoration. The
rebel government held undisputed sway over
all the others. The erection of loyal govern-
ments in these three States at that time should
have been regarded in the light of a military
measure, a means rather to crush out organ-
ized treason by fostering a counter-power in its
midst. Mr. Lincoln's plan was_ certainly not
designed to build up permanent institutions to
exist in a time of peace, founded upon the con-
sent of one tenth of the inhabitants. An oath
had been prescribed for the voter, good enough
for that period and well calculated for the pur-
poses designed, but wholly unfitted to the spring
of 18G5, when the armies of Lee and Johnston
had returned home and the reestablishment of
the Union had become a fixed fact. They had
been stripped of the musket. They, of course,
expected for the time being to be deprived of
the ballot. It was the ballot in the seccded
States which had made their rebellion so for-
midable. It had given the rebellion .form and
consistency. It had clothed treason with legal
sanction. It gave the insurgents a government
and lent organized purpose to every movement.
The ballot had previously aided treason only
because the ballot was partial. If even one
half of the negroes could have voted in the
seceded States in 1801 secession would have
been lost in each one of them. Secession was
successful at that time, because it was entirely
in the hands of those whoso fancied interests
and whoso real prejudices had brought on the
war. One would suppose that when armed
violence had been suppressed entirely, tliey
who had commenced it should give a full and
not a partial acceptance to the situation. I
think the South at first was willing in good
faith to do so. They expected nothing else.
The move intelligent among them admitted
that the whole, case submitted to the arbitra-
ment of the sword had been decidcd against
them. They did hot cease to believe in seces-
sion. but the point was decided and they yielded
to the decision. They did not believe that sla-
very should lie abolished, but slavery was in-
volved in the ease as made up, and they yielded,
as yield i the unsuccessful suitor in the highest
court ol'judicature. They did not believe that
equal rights and equal privileges should be
accorded to the negro. But this question they
knew was involved in the contest also. The
premises taken by the supporters of the Union
were proved to be correct, and now,.in the lan-
guage of Mr. Stephens, the whole conclusion
was " logical and just."
The Cabinet, however, had committed them-
selves to a policy, and now came that thing so
dangerous always in human conduct—pride of
opinion, attachmenttopreconceived notions. It
may bo possible that the mind, like machinery,
runs best in old and worn grooves. It is cer-
tainly true that the change of condition in public
affairs made no change in policy. What had
been an acknowledged temporary arrangement
was now to be made a permanent institution.
A plan of restoration was adopted which put
the political power of the South right where it
was at the beginning of the war. Many per-
sons think that this was designed, and the
President and his Cabinet wished to build up
a new party, having its strength in the old
rebelelement. lcamiotthinkso. [donotthink
so. _ I think they were actuated by the best of
motives, but committed a blunder. They were
certainly too hasty, but 1 attribute their haste,
first, to that ambition of which I have spoken,
and second, to a false pride of opinion, with
which man's happiness must ever contend until
his whole moral nature has been reconstructed.
So soon as the southern people found polit-
ical power again in their grasp, the spirit of
humility gradually disappeared, and they con-
ceived a hope thatthe judgment rendered against
them in the tribunal of arms might now be ar-
lested. They supposed that, something might
be saved from the wreck of their political for-
tunes, which, properly invested, would ulti-
mately restore them to their former place and
grandeur in the Government. If slavery could
be saved, this were an investment of the most
priceless character, but the President said,
"Slavery shall not be saved." For this the
country owes Andrew Johnson a debt of grati-
tude. They then thought if the technical right
of secession, even, could be admitted in the
words of their conventional proceedings, it
would be so much laid up for the future. The
President said "that no words must be used
upon which an inference could hang favor-
ing the right of secession." In this Andrew
Johnson was right, and no true man will with-
hold his praise. They next endeavored to save
treason from odium by providing that the debt
contracted in its perpetration should be ac-
knowledged and paid. To this the President
gave his refusal, and again the country is thank-
ful to Andrew Johnson for this act of true
statesmanship.
For these acts the President was denounced
as a tyrant. 1 only regret that his tyranny did
not go far enough. Ho stopped at the preciso
point where the greatest degree of moral cour-
age was needed. Southern prejudice against
race had started the war, northern prejudice
had prolonged it. Southern prejudice, if un-
sustained, would have given us a war of but
short duration. Northern sympathy came to
its aid, and doubled its miseries. At this
period the South was ready to cast off ita
prejudices if the demand had been made. The
President and his Cabinet had boldly con-
ducted us to the overthrow of southern rebel-
lion. But they now cowed before this spirit
in the -North which had aided and prolonged
the strife. The South saw its opportunity and
promptly collected together all the elements
of prejudice and hatred against the negro for
purposes of future party power. They denied
him the right to hold real or personal property,
excluded him from their courts as a witness,
denied him the means of education, and forced
upon him unequal burdens. Though nominally
free, so far as discriminating legislation could
make liitn so ho was yet a slave. Itwas at this
period, as I have said, that the President and liis
Cabinet faltered. If they had put their veto upon
these measures, their voice would have been the
law; the South would have been saved fiomtheir
worst enemies, themselves, and the whole coun-
try would have felt secure in the beginning of
a better era. But they were encouraged by this
indecision and want of moral firmness in the
President and his Cabinet, and adopted a sys-
tem of laws which doomed the negro to hope-
loss ignorance, degradation, and misery. They
not only denied him the ballot, but denied him
the commonest rights of human nature. If this
thing were to bo continued there was no hope
left for his future amelioration. He must be a
degraded outcast. The only change made was
in the name : he was once a slave, and men
called him a slave; men now mocked his con-
dition by calling him a freeman.
Thus encouraged the southern States be-
came insolent in the immediate prospect of
power, and presumed to insult the loyal sen-
timent of the country by conferring honors
upon the most obnoxious leaders of their rebel-
lion. They even elected and sent to Congress
the men who have held the highest places in
the rebel government.
In this condition of affairs Congress con-
vened. The first thing, of course, was to close
the doors of Congress against this rebel inva-
sion. The next was to do a simple act of jus-
tice to the negroes and poorer whites of the
South, who had been always loyal to the Gov-
ernment. ' For that purpose, " the act to estab-
lish a Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen and
Refugees," called the "Freedmen's Bureau
bill," and the "act to protect all persons in the
(J nited States in their civil rights,'' called "the
civil rights bill," were presented to Congress
and adopted. Whatever may be said against
these measures, and much hgs been said, their
sole object was to break down in the seceded
States the system of oppression to which I have
alluded. Their only effect was, after feeding
