1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3035
the starving white and black, to give the right
to hold real andpersonal estate to the negro, to
enable him to sue and be sued in courts, to let
him be confronted by his witnesses, to have
the process of the courts for his protection, and
to enjoy in the respective States those funda-
mental rights of person and properly which
cannot be denied to any person without dis-
gracing the Government itself. It was simply
to carry out that provision of the Constitution
which confers upon the citizens of each State
the privileges and immunities of citizens in
the several States. These measures did not
pretend to confer upon the negro the suffrage.
They left each State to determine that question
for itself. Their highest aim was to secure
what the lawyers call civil rights to every per-
son within the jurisdiction of the Government.
The necessity for these or similar measures
was imperative. To have failed in this duty
.would not only have rendered the results of
the war perfectly abortive, but would have
completely withered the laurels we won in its
successful prosecution.
The President saw fit to veto these meas-
ures, supposing them to be unconstitutional.
I never doubted the power of Congress to pass
them. I never doubted that the Government
would bo disgraced if it failed to establish for
the private citizen the muniments of freedom
intended to be secured by them. I did have my
doubts whether this was the best way to ac-
complish the end. It would necessarily bring
about a conflict between State and Federal
jurisdiction. I knew it would meet with re-
sistance in the States. I thought it would be
repulsed, as even beneficence itself is always
repulsed when forced on an unwilling com-
munity. ] feared that in the conflict to arise
the rights of the weak would be lost sight of,
and finally sacrificed. I then believed, and
do now believe, that the necessity for these
measures is an unfortunate necessity. That
necessity cannot exist where the local gov-
ernment is founded upon the consent of the
entire people. The people of Georgia know
what laws are best for their own happiness and
security. But when one half of the people
legislate for all this truth ceases in its applica-
tion. Let all have a voice in making the law
and the popular heart will execute it, because
the liberty of all consists in its enforcement.
It is only where political power is in the
hands of a favored few that oppression can
•be practiced. It is only where oppression
exists that the agents of a superior power are
needed for protection. Give the negro the
ballot and lie will take care of himself, be-
cause his interest requires it. Give him a
bureau agent, and he will sometimes be plun-
dered, because his interest and the interest of
the agent may differ.
At an earlier day in the session F offered
a proposition which I thought would secure
these ends. It was a constitutional amend-
ment in three lines. It prohibited the States,
in prescribing the qualifications of voters, from
discriminating against the negro on account of
his color. Had this been adopted, bv its own
force it made him a citizen in each State, be-
cause it gave him the highest prerogative of a
freeman. There would then have been no
necessity for declaring who are citizens of the
United States, for every freeman would have
worn the honored badge of citizenship. It
would then have been useless to dcclare that
no State shall abridge the privileges and im-
munities of citizens of the United States, for
those simple words presented an effectual bar
against it. It would have been superfluous to
interdict the States from taking life, liberty, or
propei ty from the citizen without due process
of law ; for liberty being first given, the citizen
can protect his own life and property. The
provision securing equal protection of the laws
against inimical State legislation might then
be dispensed with as wholly unnecessary. The
very section we are now considering, with all
its difficulties of verbal adjustment, might be
abandoned and the Constitution be loft, in that
respect as our fathers made it. The neces-
sity for abridging representation would have
ceased, for both representative and elector
would have been loyal. These few words would
have accomplished directly what this proposes
to accomplish indirectly after years of political
strife, in which truth and conscience and pa-
triotism are too often sacrificed to the attain-
ment of success. Had that been done it were
useless to enact an exclusion from office of the
leaders of the rebellion. Where all men are
interested in the Government, none but peace-
ful revolutions are needed. Reforms are worked
at the ballot-box. Governmentthen, and only
then, becomes a divine institution. Rebellion
against it not only injures the public weal, but
it shocks the moral sense of a contented and
happy people. They who lead such rebellions
are at once visited with public odium. In
public estimation traitors then stand as the
greatest of criminals. They are looked upon
as monsters in human shape. Cain bore the
mark of ono crime—murder ; but a people
perfectly free will never fail to stamp traitors,
as they deserve to be stamped, with the mark
of all crimes.
If that proposition had been adopted wc
need not pledge our faith to the payment of
the public debt. 'That faith would have been
best secured in the honest convictions and
the moral sense of the people. Had it been
adopted, we need not have proclaimed by con-
stitutional enactment the invalidity of the rebel
debt, founded as it is upon contracts made
in contravention of public policy, against the
best interests of the State, in violation of the
laws of the land, and for the purpose of en-
slaving the very men whose substance would
bo required to pay it.
But, Mr. President, in all this I may have
been mistaken. The presumption is, I was
mistaken, for a large majority have ruled against
me. i yet have faith mils ultimate success.
Necessity, if nothing else, will soon bring
believers. Believers may be now few, but as
through the faith of the Hebrew mother, so
again they will soon bo "many as the stars
of the sky in multitude, and as the sand which
is by the sea-shorc innumerable."
The old saying is true, that wc must take
things as we find them. I am somewhat an
optimist, and this at last maybe the best. The
negroes during the war were our faithful allies.
They are now steeped in poverty and must
remain so unless Congress docs something to
help them. The poor whites of the South are
not in a much better condition. State gov-
ernments are already in the hands of those
hostile, through prejudice or interest, to their
improvement or amelioration. The legislation
of these governments even now frets with op-
pression. Within the scope of State jurisdic-
tion there is no snch thing as equality in the
law. The State, courts are already deciding
the "civil rights bill" to be unconstitutional.
The validity of all laws must depend at last
upon human judgment. Judges, even in the
highest courts, arc but, mortals. Should the
Supreme Court of the United States atlirm the
judgment of these inferior ^tribunals, the pres-
ent period would be no better for the rights of
the negro than that when the Supreme Court
once before supposed he had no rights which
the white man was bound to respect. Should
such be the action of this tribunal, the problem
would at once be presented, whether four mil-
lion people can be peacefully held nominally
free, bat actually slave.
If it be true that tlie?o negroes arc not sus-
ceptible of education; if they are move nearly
allied to brutes than to men; if as free men
they can add nothing to the wealth of the coun-
try : if they arc unfit to take part or lot in the
State governments, it may be asked. why should
they be represented in Congress? If they are
incapable of choosing a Representative for them-
selves, why should those who treat them as in-
ferior beings, and almost deny their humanity,
claim the right to represent them as citizens?
It is said that women and aliens in the North
are retained in the basis of representation, why
should not the negroes be retained in the South?
It maybe answered that thesewomen and aliens
are treated as human beings; they are regarded
as persons and not dumb brumes; they enjoy the
right to acqnirc property, to enter the courts for
its protection, to follow the professions, to ac-
cumulate wealth, whereby national resources
are increased and national power augmented ;
they are a part of the people. The road to the
ballot is open to the foreigner: it,is not perma-
nently barred. It is not given to the woman,
because it is not needed for her security. Her
interests are best protected by father, husband,
and brother. The negro is the object of that
unaccountable prejudice against, race which has
its origin in the greed and selfishness of a fallen
world. That prejudice belongs to an age of
darkness and violence, and is a poisonous, dan-
gerous exotic when suffered to grow in the midst
of republican institutions, where we boast an
asylum for the oppressed of every land. Why
do we shudder to meet, this question ? Nearly
five million people, strong, vigorous, and inured
to labor, are in your midst, partially without
civil, wholly without, political rights. What will
you do with them? You have three alterna-
tives before you, and only three. You must kill
them, eolonize them, or ultimately give them
a part of vour political power. For this last
alternative the country is not yet prepared.
With the two former humanity and common
sense will successfully struggle.
But I am told that this proposition will op-
erate as a penalty on the South. Suppose it
were n penalty from which she could not escape,
| would it be an adequate punishment for the
crime committed? Might it not, if justice un-
tempered with mercy were consulted, be made
i a permanent rule until the public debt were
i paid and the curses of treason were effaced
I from the laud? If it be a penalty, it, is one
which the offender may escape. It is likened
unto the penalties of the divine law. The choico
of good and evil is before them. The indul-
| gence of evil is followed by punishment,, be-
; cause it is an inexorable law of man's organi-
zation. The choice of good is followed by
happiness, contentment, prosperity. It isthus
wisely ordained, that interest may constrain to
duty, in the exereisc of which the world is ad-
vanced and man is ennobled. This may be
called a penalty, but, a, simple act of justice
will folly discharge it. It is equal, for it applies
to all the States.
Another advantage consists in the fact that
it compels the moral and intellectual culture
of the lower classes. If not properly qualified
for the exercise of the ballot, the State govern-
ments may fall into the hands of incompetent
and dangerous persons. Until all can vote, all
cannot be represented. All cannot safely vote
until a large majority are educated. This pro-
vision, then, may constrain to justice in a double
sense. The strong argument, in favor of it is,
that as the Constitution now stands four white
voters in the South, formerly soldiers in Lee's
army, will be equal in representative power to
six of those who followed Grant from the ilap-
idan to Richmond or Sherman from Atlanta to
the sea. I therefore accept it, in the hope
that the South, seeing its true interests, will,
even before the next census, learn to seek jus-
tice for themselvesin the esercisc of the golden
rule.
The third section of this amendment provides
that no person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any office, civil or mil-
itary, under the United States or under any
State, who, having previously taken an oath as
a member of Congress, or as an officer of the
United States, or as a member of any State
Legislature, or as an executive or judicial offi-
cer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall have engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the same, or
given aid and comfort to the enemies thereof.
But Congress may by a two-thirds vote of each
House remove the disability. The language, of
this section is so framed as to disfranchise from
office the leaders of the past rebellion as well
as the leaders of any rebellion hereafter to
