1866.
THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1115
as opening the debate again.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let us have that un-
derstanding. [• 'Agreed.'' ]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion before the Senate is that the further con-
sideration of this resolution be postponed until
to-morrow at one o'clock, and made tlie special
order for that hour.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. I should like to know,
first, whether that is universally agreed to on
the other side.
Mr. S1IERMA.IT. We will sit it out to-
morrow.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand that those who
are opposed to the resolution are willing that
the question shall lie taken at six o'clock to-
morrow, and if the gentleman from Maine
wants any time afterwards, I suppose there
will be no objection to his taking just sucli time
as he wishes.
Mr. HEXDEIISOX. And that the vote be
taken at the close of his speech.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes. sir.
Mr. HEXDEESOX. That is satisfactory.
["Agreed.1'] _
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESEXTATIVES.
Thursday, March I. 1PG0.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Ilev. C.B. Boyntox.
The J ourual of yesterday was read and
approved.
NATIONAL SAFE DEPOSIT COMPANY.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the Xational Safe
Deposit Company, of Washington, District of
Columbia; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
RELTKI.' OF CIIAMHKTtSBUTtC-.
Mr. COFFROTII. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Whereas the citizens of Chambersburg, Pennsyl-
vania, were assessed with aninternalrevenuetaxlor
the year 1S61, and the said tax wascolleeted from the
paid citizens after the town of Chambersbuig had
been burned by the_ rebel army commanded by the
notorious and fiendish General McCauslin: Thcre-
foic.
ii< -It ret-olred, That the Committee of "Ways and
Mean" be. and are hereby, instructed to report, by bill
or otherwise, an act for the relief of such persons
who-e property was burned, or whose business was
de- troyed or suspended by the burning of said town,
bv refunding to said citizens the amount of the inter-
nal revenue tax they paid for said year.
Mr. WASHBU RXE, of Illinois. That reso-
lution is mandatory upon the committee as it
now reads. It should be modified^so as to in-
struct the committee to inquire into the expe-
diency of doing so and so.
Mr. COFFROTH. I have no objection to
that modification.
The resolution was modified accordingly ;
and as modified it was agreed to.
PACIFIC ItAlXROAD.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad, reported back House bill Xo.
138, to lay out and construct a railroad and
telegraph line from the city of Portland, in
Oregon, to the Central Pacific railroad, with a
substiuue; and the substitute was ordered to
be printed, and, with the bill, was recommitted
to the committee.
LAND CHANT FOR MICHIGAN' .RAILROADS.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, by unanimous eon-
sent, introduced a bill to amend an act entitled
"An act making a grant of lands to the State
of Michigan, in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of railroads in said State, and for
other purposes." approved June 3, LSofi. and
supplemental thereto ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
NATIONAL CAPITAL INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, in-
troduceda bill to incorporate the Xational Cap-
ital Insurance Company; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
DUTY ON PAPER.
Mr.KETCHAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee of "Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of redu-
cing the duty on paper, and that they report by bill or
otherwise.
PORTAGK LAKE SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. DAVIS presented the joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of Xew York, rel-
ative to a ship-canal from Portage Lake to Lake
Superior, across the base of Keweenaw Point;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to bo printed.
Mr. WASHBURXE, of Illinois. Cannot all
these bills and joint resolutions be introduced
on Monday next ?
The SPEA KER. On next Monday, during
the morning hour, States and Territories will
be called for bills and ioint resolutions on leave.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
object to any more being introduced now.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. DELAXO. I ask leave of absence for
my colleague. Mr. Clakke, who has been com-
pelled to return home.
Leave was accordingly granted.
moms OF CITIZENS.
Mr. WILSOX, of Iowa. I now call up the
motion I made a few days since to reconsider
the vote of the House, referring to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary Senate bill Xo. 01, to
protect all persons in the United States in their
civil rights, and to furnish the means for their
vindication; and upon that motion 1 call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to reconsider was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. WILSOX, of Iowa. I now withdraw
that motion.
The House then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr. "WILSOX, of Iowa. This bill has been
considered by the Committee on the Judiciary,
and I have been instructed by that committee
to offer several amendments to it. The first
amendment is in the seventh line of the first
section, to strike out the words ''inhabitants
of" and insert the words "'citizens of the Uni-
ted States in;'' so that that portion will read:
There shall be no discrimination in civil rights or
immunities among the citizens ot the United States
in any State or Territory, &c.
This amendment is intended to confine the
operation of this bill to citizens of the United
States, instead of extending it to the inhabit-
ants of the several States, as there seems to be
some doubt concerning the power of Congress
to extend this protection to such inhabitants
as are not citizens.
I demand the previous question on the
amendment.
Mr. B1XGHAM. I hope that the previous
question will not be seconded until I can have
an opportunity to offer a further amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] proposes, as the Chair undei-
stands, to perfect the bill by offering these
amendments, after which the whole bill will
be before the House.
Mr. B1XGHAM. Very well.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSOX. of Iowa. 1 move further to
amend, as follows:
In line, nine, strike out the words " but the inhabit-
ant-',"' and insert in lieu thereof the woi^s "andsuch
citizens;" bo that tlic clause will read, "and such
citizens of every race and color."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I offer the follow-
ing amendment, not as coming from the com-
mittee, but because it is nccessaiy to perfect
the amendment already ottered:
Insert after the word "property," in line fifteen of
the hrst section, the words as is enjoyed by white
citizens;" so that the clause will read:
Shall have the same right to make and enforce
contracts, to sue. be parties, and give evidence, to in-
herit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and convey real and
personal property, as is enjoyed by white citizens.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSOX, of Iowa. I move further to
amend as follows:
On page 3. in lines fifteen and sixteen, strike out
the words "enlarge the powers of the treedmen's
Bureau," and insertinlieu thereof thewords"estab-
lishing a Bureau for the Relief of Freedinen and
Refugees, and all acts amendatory thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSOX, of Iowa. I now desire, Mr.
Speaker, to enter a motion to recommit the
bill.
Mr. BIXGHAM. Is that designed to cutoff
amendments?
The SPEAKER. It will have that effect.
Mr. BIXGHAM. Then I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
has the right to enter the motion.
Mr. WILSOX, of Iowa. The gentleman from
Ohio will understand what I propose, before I
get through. *
Mr, BIXGHAM. I only want to know
whether the gentleman makes that motion for
the purpose of cutting off further amendments?
Mr. WlLSOX, of Iowa. The motion does
have that effect for the present.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to bring this bill to a
vote to-morrow after the morning hour, and I
hope that the House will sceond my endeavor
to accomplish this object. As tliere are many
other measures of great"importance demand-
ing the action of the House, I trust that we
shall so conduct the discussion on this bill as-
to get it out of the way as speedily as possible,
that we may proceed with the other business
before us-
Mr. Speaker, the importance of this bill,
the magnitude of the question^ involved in it,
the objects sought to be reached and secured
by it, will insure for it the most deliberate con-
sideration of this House. Few measures of
graver import have ever commanded the atten-
tion of Congress. It is a very positive bill, and
I expect it to meet with most positive opposi-
tion, but I believe it will survive this and tri-
umph.
Some of the questions presented by this bill
are not entirely free from difficulties. Prece-
dents, both judicial and legislative, are found
in sharp conflict concerning them. The line
which divides these precedents is generally
found to be the same which separates the early
from the later days of the Republic. The fur-
ther the Government drifted from the old moor-
ings of equality and human rights, the more
numerous became judicial and legislative utter-
ances in conflict with some of the leading feat-
ures of this bill.
The Committee on the Judiciary bestowed
on this subject a degree of careful examination
which we believe will enable us to maintain
successfully our conclusions both as to the pro-
priety and constitutionality of this measure.
The first section of the bill contains the fol-
lowing declaration concerning citizenship :
That all persons born in the United States and not
subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians not
taxed, are hereby declared to be citizens of the uni-
ted States without distinction of color.
This provision, I maintain, is merely declar-
ator of what the law now is. This, I presume,
would not be disputed if the language were
qualified by the presence of the word ' • white.''
In the absence of this word, I am sure that my
proposition will be disputed by every member
of this House who believes that this Govern-
ment is exclusively a "white man's Govern-
ment." I think this question of sufficient im-
