52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
the beauties of rhetoric. If ho had not the
highest order of what, in popular phrase, is
called genius, he had more solid common sense
than any man of genius, and was master of its
practical use.
A thoughtful and conscientious man as he
was; he spoke always and only from the con-
victions of his own judgment. His opinions, es-
pecially upon grave and important questions,
were not hastily formed nor inconsiderately ex-
pressed, but only after the most careful and
mature reflection. Hence his opinions always
commanded great respect and deference, and
carricd with them a corresponding weight and
infludhcc. His opinions, especially upon legal
and constitutional questions, or upon questions
of international law, were always received with
profound deference and regard. His intelli-
gent and independent judgment, his strong,
practical good sense, and his unbending integ-
rity of purpose, imparted to all his opinions
uncommon weight and value.
His whole life, public and professional,
whether at the bar or upon the bench; whether
in a high executive department or in the h alls
of legislation, has been assiduously devoted to
the cause of truth and justice. Few public men
have left a more excellent or a more honorable
record.
With his high intellectual endowments were
happily blended the kindlier affections of the
heart; and to all these were superadded the
puier and holier graces of a Christian faith and
of a consistent Christian life. In 182 > he made
public profession of his faith in the Gospel of
Christ and united with the Congregational
church in Jloyalton, then the place of his resi-
dence. Through all these forty years, his life,
in ail its varied modes, no less in the public
than in the private walks of society; no less in
the national councils than in the social and do-
mestic circle, furnishes a practical and beauti-
ful illustration of the beneficent influence and
power of flic religion he professed.
The loss of such a man is indeed a loss to the
nation; it is a loss to the State; it is a loss to
society. But we have only to know that it is
Cod's doing, anil''be still." This bereavement
I hardly need to say, Mr. President, falls with
terrible and crushing severity upon an interest-
ing and stricken family household. But i am
not at liberty to enter the sanctuary of this grief.
I may not lift the curtain which vails from'pub-
lic view the deep sorrow which sitteth and
' wecpeth thei e.
Mr. President, he whose death we now
lament is gone to be with us here no more.
II is work on earth is dune. He strikes a golden
harp among the seraphim on high. His pre-
cepts and his example arc left to us for our
instruction and our profit. Happy, indeed,
will it be, if we shall so profit by them that we
shall be ready, as he was ready, for the final
summons, in that hour which is coming to us
all, and to some ol us is not far off, when this
world and its worthlessness shall fade from our
sinking \ision.
Mr. President, I offer the following resolu-
tions :
I'rsolpcd, That the Senate has received with deep
sensibility the announcement of the death of Ifon.
jAcob Coulamek, lute Li Collator of the United States
troni the St;i!o of Vermont.
HrWval. That the members of the Senate, from a
sincere dec-ire oi showing c\ cry mark oi rei-pect due
to the memory of ffon. Jacob Cuul^mius, will ;-o
into mouiuiug by wearmK crape on the left arm for
timtV(t;lJS.
JU^ohcd. That as a fin ther mail< of re.-peet for the
memory of th^ defeated, the Senate do now adjourn.
(Jrdcnd, T! j.t the Secretary eoinmupieate'these
resolutions to the House of Representatives.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, it is not
for\ ermont to mourn alone; New York claims
the privilege of standing by her side in this
hour of her affliction, of bending with her in
grief over the grave of her illustrious Senator,
lie was tite son ol \ ermont bv adoption, of
INe'.y 1 ork by birth. 1 he elevated position he
so long ocoujacd, the extensive influence he
so long wielded, the honor awarded to him by
all, may justly excite the pride of both his
native and his adopted Stale. A man of sin-
gular worth and rare virtue has been lost to
both.
As Senators, we may well unite in paying
our tribute of respect to the memory of one
so justly honored, and pause in our delibera-
tions to bestow our homage upon -one so justly
beloved. The Senate has, indeed, lost one of
its ablest statesmen, one of its purest patriots.
In honoring such a man, we honor ourselves,,
When we met in this Chamber a few days
ago, I am sure the thought was present to every
mind that one of our number was not here;
that one seat had been made vacant; that the
oldest, the most experienced, and, perhaps,
the wisest of our body, was gone. It is hard
for us to believe that the venerable form so
familiar to us here will no longer stand in our
midst; that he who so lately was the object of
our reverence has already been carried away
into sepulchral darkness ; that we shall never
again listen to words of wisdom and patriotism
from his lips. Those who knew him best will
miss him most. In the Senate, where his coun-
sels had been so prominent, his death will be
felt as no common bereavement. We do well
to mourn his loss.
How frequently, Mr. President, we have been
called to honor the Senate's dead, to pay the
homage which friendship is ever prompt to
offer to those who have been our associates in
the nation's council! This is the eighth occa-
sion, since 1 became a member of this body,
when the Senate has paused to render its pub-
lic tribute to the memory of its dead. The
eloquence of Douglas and Baker is no longer
heard in these Halls. Bingham ancl Pearee
and Thomson and Bowden and Hicks no
longer appear in their wonted places. Thus,
one after another, familiar faces disappear, and
the great and the good pass from among us.
But of them all, not one will be more missed
from the Senate than he to whose memory we
now pay the last tribute of affection and respect.
It is not my purpose to speak in detail of
the life or the character or the public services
of our lamented friend. To do so would be
to repeat what has been so well and so beauti-
fully said by the Senator who has preceded
me, in the eloquent eulogy to which we have
just listened. He has traced the course of
Judge Collajieu from the earliest beginning
of his career to his latest hour; showing how
by his energy, his intellectual power, and his
moral worth, he reached the high position he
so long occupied.
I did not know him, as did the Senator from
Vermont, when in the prime and freshness of
bis life. When we first met the hand of time
had touched him. But even then I saw enough
to realize what he might have been when in the
full maturity and vigor of his manhood. He
had passed the allotted period of human life ;
yet even his latest years were devoted, with
equal fidelity and success, to the service of his
country: and to the last he continued to exhibit
the fruits of a mind well disciplined by early
habits of industry, and well furnished with the
rich stores of a long experience In him were
happily combined those elements which con-
stitute a sound and judicious statesman. A
man of great personal dignity, ho was justly
esteemed for the excellence ol' his judgment
and the purity of his character, ilis most
prominent characteristics were, I think, sound
discretion, clear discernment, good common
sense, and great honesty of purpose. So purer
patriot ever participated m the councils of the
nation.
^ He did not often occupy the attention of the
Senate in debate, but when ho did rise to speak
he was sure to receive the most respectful* and
earnest attention. Such was the directness
and force of his argument, so affluent were his
resources, both of wisdom and experience, so
minute was his knowledge of public affairs,
that all present, Senators and spectators, be-
came eager and iiifctructr.d listeners.
He had looked upon life with an observing
eye. Xo man was more thoroughly conversant
with the great interests of the country, tlis
memory seemed almost exhaustlcss, and from
its treasures ho was ever ready to draw instruc-
tion for the benefit of others. I iwus, however,
in his private and friendly intercourse that I
learned most to admire him. 1 count it among
the felicities of my life that I was permitted to
know him, and in some degree to enjoy his
friendship.
But he has been taken from us in the midst
of his usefulness. His sun went down in bright-
ness'. No twilight obscured its setting. When
his appointed time had come, disease, "not
taidy to perform its destined office," dismissed
hint from earth, and he has gone to his heavenly
rest.
Judge Collameb was happy in the circum-
stances of bis death. Of him it may be said,
as it was of John Quiney Adams, that "no ex-
cesses of a profligate youth, no vices of middle
life, had shattered and hunied to a premature
dissolution the body in which hisineorruptible
spirit resided." Nothing in his habits of life
interfered with nature, to whose gentle influ-
ences it was left to destroy gradually, and to
restore in a, good old age to its pcrent dust,
the perishable part of our friend. ri he law of
mortality, which knows no exception among
the passing generations of our race, was exe-
cuted, in his case, with as much tenderness and
reserve, so to speak, as is ever permitted by
Providence.
He was not left to be an object of compas-
sion to his friends and admirers. No painful
contrasts forced them to revert in memory to
better days. But, with a mind unimpaired,
with an interest in life unabated, with a self-
command which protracted sickness had not
destroyed, he passed to his rest. Thus we pay
our last tribute to the memory of one whose
life has been long, and useful, and illustrious.
In private life he was without reproach. As a
lawyer, he was an ornament to his noble pro-
fession. As a judge, he was learned and upi iglit.
As a Senator, he occupied the front rank among
the statesmen of our country. There may have
been those whose career has been more bril-
liant and dazzling, but there have been few
whoso labors have been more useful, or who
have secured for themselves a reputation more
enviable or enduring. We all respected and
admired him while living, and now, that he is
dead, we render our sincere homage to bis
memory. Never again will lie grace ihis Cham-
ber with his presence; never again shall we
hear his voice. He has passed through the
vicissitudes of a long and eventful life. He has
met and manfully fulfilled the duties allotted
to him upon earth. Death came to him in < he
ripeness of his years and his fame. No stain
rests upon his honored name. His life was full
of moral beauty, and with mingled feelings of
reverence and love we commemorate his viitue
and lament his loss.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the loss
of such a man as Jacob Coli.a.uei; to the* uub-
lic councils at any time would have been dt cply
lamented. In the existing condition of the
country the feeling is deepened, and the event
justly esteemed a serious calamity, lie had
been so long in the public ser\ ice. liri course
was so well known, the character of bis mind
so frequently and so favorably illustraied. his
wisdom so uniformly exhibited, and dining our
recent perils and the complications consequent
upon them, his patriotism as well as his wis-
dom was so conspicuous and eompri hensive,
that wherever his 0 \: became known it was
recognized as a gnat national afllienon. And
so it is. \ aluable as we. his associates espe-
cially, know were his f cachings and example
during the pest four years, now that the r.lu>ck
of arms lias ceased, the flow of fraternal blood
arrested, and the authority of the Government
everywhere reinstated, there yet remain ques-
tions of great iutere.-t to be adjusted, upon
which his advice would have been of great im-
portance. Prom my intimate knowledge of
him, f deplore his lo.ss the more because 1 am
satisfied that he would huso greatly asM-ted us
in so solving those questions as to make our
Union more pcrfeet than it ever has been—
