3036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
comc. It strikes at those who have heretofore
held high official position, and who therefore
may be presumed to have acted intelligently.
When the section is closely scrutinized, it will
be seen that comparatively few men will fall
subject to the exclusion. It does not, as some-
times supposed, reach all who may have taken
an oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. The civil officers of the Federal
Government, previous to the war, were com-
paratively few. With the exception of post-
masters, perhaps not a thousand are yet re-
maining in the South. The Army and Navy of
the United States were very small before the
war, and I presume it is doubtful whether three
hundred military and naval officers yet survive
the rebellion who will bo affected, and these
will be chiefly officers who were educated in
the Military and Naval Schools at the expense
of the Government. They not only forfeited
their oaths, but committed an act of ingrati-
tude which forever stamps them as unlit for
public position. I have but little idea what
number of persons will bo reached as former
members of Congress. The number cannot be
very great. Those who were actuated by con-
victions of duty, and believed themselves right
in their rebellion, boldly went to the front and
fell victims to their error. Those who sinned
against light and knowledge, knowing the in-
iquity of their conduct, exhibited such want of
moral worth as to forbid an honest discharge
of public duty hereafter. The executive and
judicial officers of the seceding States are sup-
posed to be men, not only of intelligence, but of
distinguished abilities. These persons are not
numerous, they will not likely exceed two or
three hundred. Some of these took so promi-
nent a part, and were so relentless and vindictive
in their persecut ions of Union men, as to have
become especially obnoxious to the loyal senti-
ment of I he country. It will be best for the South
itself to discard all such men for the future.
Much the largest class of persons to be ex-
cluded under this amendment will be found
among the former members of the State Legisla-
tures. Whatmay be the probable number 1 have
but little idea. Perhaps fifteen hundred or two
thousand will cover all classes debarred under
this amendment from the privilege of holding
office. If we deduct from this the number who
will be able to prove themselves innocent when
charged with complicity with the rebellion, we
shall have two or three hundred left, consist-
ing chielly of those who, as officers of the Army,
educated at public expense, surrendered their
commands into tin; hands of the enemy, or who
as members of Congress met in conclave under
the roof of the Capitol to plot treason against
a Government which had honored them, and
which daily paid them for acts of treachery
done under the sacred name of public duty.
Those fierce "furies of the guillotine,1' who
came into public life under the reign of terror,
inaugurated in 18(>1, and who sought and ob-
tained the offices of the confederate govern-
ment because their natures were as wicked
and devilish as the treason they supported, will
yet be able to bold office, State and national.
They are not disqualified by this section. They
never took an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States, for they were unnoticed
until the reign of crime commenced. They
were born into public life with the confederate
constitution. They were turbulent, dangerous
men, who found no favor in times of peace. It
required commotion and storm to bring them
to the surface. The rebellion was in a large
measure their work, it required daring and
heartless men to conduct it, and they soon
became its leaders. After the adoption of the
amendment we shall see these men in public
office. The whole, country will conclude that
those who are disfranchised are no worse than
those who yet lead southern sentiment, and
Congress, by a vote of two thirds, will remove
the disability. 1 have no doubt that this will
be the conclusion of the whole matter.
I would not be understood in what I am now
t ying as complaining of the provision. 1
would perhaps be more merciful still, simply
because no adequate punishment can be de-
vised for the wickedness of the offense. We
cannot punish all. To discriminate among
those who are equally guilty wears the garb of
injustice. We cannot even punish those who
are guilty of the highest crimes, crimes which
give treason its darkest hue. To do so would
stamp the nation with cruelty ; therefore we
cannot begin without injustice. We must be
merciful. I am willing to make the highest
virtue of that necessity. There is so much
guilt as to render the task of punishment hope-
less. Hence the provision depriving even the
worstrebel leaders of the ballot has been wholly
abandoned. Lee, Johnston, Wade Hampton,
Moseby,and even Jeff. Davis, arc left as qual-
ified electors, competent tb vote for State
officers and members of Congress. Moseby,
after the passage of this amendment, may be
legally elected to any office in the gift of the
Government.
Distinguished Senators tell us that this dep-
rivation of office is a punishment. If it be a
punishment, it is so insignificant when com-
pared with the crime that it is scarcely entitled
to the name. They tell us that it is a bill of
attainder. Suppose it were : are the people
in their sovereign capacity prohibited from
passing a bill of attainder? The people, in
forming a Constitution, said that Congress
should pass no such bill. They surely pos-
sessed the power to authorize Congress to do
so. But for the similar prohibition on the
States each State could pass a bill of attainder.
The people reserved the power to themselves.
They surely can amend their Constitution. If
they had the power originally to declare that
a member of the lower House of Congress
shall have been seven years a citizen of the
United States, a Senator nine years, and the
President a native-born citizen, a resident for
fourteen years, they certainly had the right to
say that no man shall hold office who has com-
mitted murder, burglary, or larceny ; and if
they can so declare, they may certainly dis-
I'tanehise one who has been guilty of treason.
It is said the law is ex post facto in its charac-
ter ; what if it is? Have not the people the
right, by a constitutional amendment, to enact
such a law? It was even feared that Congress
would be able to do so, and it was admitted
that the States might do so if the people had
not inhibited it in the Federal Constitution. I
am aware that bills of attainder and ex post
farlo laws are unjust within themselves, and
ought not to bo passed where the power to do
so is clear.
Hut 1 deny that this is a bill of attainder or an
ex post facto law. Such laws are criminal and
not civil in their character. In the one case
they select a particular delinquent, and punish
him by the sole act of the Legislature without
the forms of law; in the other, they call that a
crime which was innocent at the time of the
act, and assume to punish it, or prescribe a
greater degree of punishment for that which
was already punishable. Before this provision
can be called a bill of attainder or ex post facto
law, it must be amenable to the charge that it
proposes in some form to punish. It is sufficient
for this argument, to say that this is an act fixing
the qualifications of officers and not an act for
the punishment of crime.
And .'igain, punishment means to take away
life, liberty, or property. These are absolute or
inalienable rights. To take them away is an
injury to the person. It is what we call punish-
ment. They ought, never to be taken away
without due process of law. Office is the crea-
ture of Government. It is true it may be called
a right. The right is not absolute but conven-
tional. The Government created it and the
Government can take it away. It has never
been regarded in the American courts as a pun-
ishment when conventions and Legislatures de-
prived incumbents of their offices. Every State
constitution contains provisions inhibiting the
passage of bills of attainder, ex post facto laws,
and laws impairing the obligations of contracts.
The Federal Constitution provides the same
limitation upon State power, which opens the
Federal courts to any person aggrieved, and
yet it is notorious that every State in "the
Union has turned officials out of office, changed
their terms of service, reduced their salaries,
and entirely abolished the laws under which
they held. Nobody ever supposed that this
was punishment, and unless that were punish-
ment this cannot be.
If this provision be all, even if faithfully car-
ried out, it will be an act of the most stupendous
mercy that ever mantled the crimes of rebellion.
This rebellion was causeless. It was not only
causeless but gigantic in its proportions, carry-
ing hundreds of thousands to an untimely grave,
and leaving a legacy of debt sufficient to crush
the energies of any nation loss vigorous and
powerful than ours. It was not only a gigantic
rebellion, but it was conducted by its leaders in
a spirit of fiendish ferocity which renders them
wholly unworthy of public confidence hereafter.
It is said that these leaders ought not to be con-
demned unheard, that they should not even be
disqualified for official position until their guilt
is established in a court of justice. If it were
proposed to take from them life, liberty, or
property, I would be unwilling to do so except
according to the law of the land. But when it
is only proposed to fix a qualification for office
and deny them future distinctions, which would
rather make their treason honorable than odi-
ous, I do not hesitate to act.
T know this will do but little good; I doubt
whether it will do any. If they shall bring forth
fruits meet for repentance, I perhaps will be the
first to remove the disability. I never have exer-
cised a malicious spirit toward these people.
I have pitied, but never hated. No act of con-
fiscation has ever received my support. No
such act ever will. I never but once voted to
disfranchise those who participated in the rebel-
lion, and then onlybccausel believed the best
interests of my State demanded it. The neces-
sity for such exclusion there has perhaps al-
ready passed. They clamor for suffrage, and I
for one am willing to grant it to them if they will
now be generous enough to extend it to all who
carried the musket to defend the Government
while they carried the musket to destroy it.
Mr. President, the only remaining section of
the proposed amendment pledges the public
faith to the honest discharge of those obliga-
tions which wc have incurred in maintaining
the national life. This is but an act of justice to
the creditor and a proper precaution against the
establishment of parties hereafter appealing to
the sordid interests and lowest passions of men.
It not only accepts honesty as a principle, but
indorses it as the highest and best policy of the
State as well as of individuals. It also declares
the rebel debt void, and therein it merely adopts
an old and familiar principle of the common
law. No agreement founded on an immoral
consideration, no contract made, the object of
which is to resist the law or overthrow Gov-
ernment, can be enforced. It may be asked,
then, why adopt this amendment ? The answer
is, the defendant may not avail himself of his
defense. He may be willing to make a new
promise, and the debt, though now void, may be
sufficient to support this new promise. And
again, payment may be made voluntarily, though
the debt be void. But the chief argument in its
favor is that it forever settles a question, and
settles it as it deserves to be settled. It pre-
cludes the organization of a political party,
which might appeal to the pride of the South
and receive material aid from the corruption
funds of foreign creditors.
Under all the circumstances I think the coun-
try should accept tho amendment, for it docs
much toward settling some of the vexed ques-
tions of the past.
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I had not
cxpected to say anything upon this question.
I preferred to proceed to a vote immediately.
We have had much debate upon it. I know
the anxiety which gentlemen feel to come to
a vote on this question, and I shall say but a
very few words.
I have thought that in consequence of the
position which I assumed in- the beginning of
