1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
111?
and commander, "a forfeiture of the ship or
vessel," &o. Under this Jaw it was held in
the case of the Venus "that if tiro part owners
own jointly a commercial house in New York
and one of them obtains an American register
for a ship by swearing that he, together with
his partner, of the city of N"ew York, are the
only owners of the vessel for which the regis-
ter is obtained, when in fact his partner is
domiciled in England, the vessel is liable to
forfeiture," and it was forfeited, (8 Cranch
R., page
Attorney General Bates fully appreciated the
importance of the question submitted to him
for his opinion by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and devoted to it a most careful and pains-
taking examination. This is amply evidenced
by the elaborateness of the opinion and by the
ability manifested in every one of its twenty-
seven pages. I might with profit draw largely
from_tho pages of this opinion in support of the
position 1 maintain, but the time allotted me
by the rules of the House constrains me to con-
fine myself to quoting the conclusion arrived at
by the author of this able paper. It is in these
words:
''And now, upon the whole matter, I crive it as my
opinion that the tree iua.ii of color mentioned in your
letter, it' born in the United State*, is aeitizen of the
United States, and if otherwise qualified, is compe-
tent. avoiding to the acts ot Congress, to be master of
a vessel engaged in the coasting trade."
Here I might let this branch of the case rest,
for it is known to every member of this House
that every department of the Government is
now following the lead of the doctrine sup-
ported hv the authorities! have cited: but, sir,
i feel unwilling to omit some others that I have
examined.
It is in vain we look into the Constitution of
the United States for a definition of the term
" citizen." It speak* of citizens, but in no ex-
press terms defines what it means by it. We
mu4 depend on the general law relating to sub-
jects and citizens recognized by all nations for
a definition, and that must lead us to the conclu-
sion that eveiy person born in the United States
is a natural-burn citizen of such. States, cxeept
it may be that children bora on our soil to tem-
porary sojourners or representatives of for-
eign Governments, are native-born citizens of
the United States. Thus it is expressed by a
writer on the Constitution of the United States:
"Every person born within the United State*, its
Termor icy, or districts, w hoi her the paients arc citi-
zens or aliens, is a natural-born citizen in the sense
of the Constitution, and entitled to all the rights and
privilege1-: appertaining to that capacity."—liaicle on
the OuibUtutiod, p. 80.
And this wiiter continues, as if lie intended
a refutation of the position assumed by some
persons at this time, that a negro is neither a
citizen nor an alien, but a mere person with 110
definable national character, and adds:
" It 13 an error to suppose, as some have done, that
a child is born a citizen of no country, and subject of
no (.T.'vernunmi, and that he so continues till the age
ot'di^croi ion, whenhei^at hbe) tyto puthiir^elf under
what (J-o\ eminent he pleares."—Paar^ HO, 81.
iNo nation. I believe, ever did recognize this
absurd doctrine ; and the only force it   ver had
in thi-s country, was that /.riven it by the Dem-
ocratic party which used the negro as a foot-
ball for partisan games. The growing impor-
tance of the colored race in the United States,
now that the entire race is free, will soon cause
even the Democratic party to abandon the in-
defensible posiiion it occupies on this question.
That we have six million persons in this Gov-
ernment subject to its laws, and liable to per-
form all the duties and support all the obliga-
tions of citizens, and yet who are neither citizens
nor aliens, is an absurdity which cannot survive
long in the light of these days of progressive
civilization.
It will not be denied by any one, I presume,
that the Eng-li.di doctrine which claims as a
subject every person born u ilhin the jurisdiction
of the Crown, made negroes born in the colonies
out of which the original thirteen Slates were
Croat',"!. Brih^-b subjects; nor will it be fon-
tend'-d ihac ihey were not citizens of the States
at'ier the Smies threw off their allegiance to the
mother countiy, and being citizens of the States
that they became, on the establishment of the
Government of the United States, citizens of
the United States. A very clear statement of
this doctrine occurs in the case of the State vs.
Manuel, 3 Devereaux& Battle's N. C. B.j page
26, in these words;
"The teim 'citizon' as understood in our law is
purely analogous to the terra subject in the common
law, and the change of phrase has entirely resulted
from the change of government. The sovereignty
has been transferred from one man to tho collective
body of the people, and he who before was a 'subject
of the king is now a citizen of the State.'"
This position is maintained by Rawle on the
Constitution, page 80; Kent's Commentaries,
volume two, lecture twenty-five; Lawrence's
Appendix to Wbeaton on International Law.
I might multiply authorities, but I have referred
to enough for my purpose. By our law colored
persons are citizens of the United States. Of
this there can be no reasonable doubt; and we
have been too tenaciously devoted to the doc-
trine once a citizen always a citizen'' to strike
out of our column of citizens six million per-
sons in obedience to any such political irration-
ality as lies buried in the Drcu Scott case.
But, sir, suppose I should admit for the
sake of an argument that negroes are not citi-
zens, would that be an objection to the power
of Congress to enact the provision of this bill
to which I have called the attention of the
House? If they are not citizens may we not
naturalize them? If this can be done, then in
either view of the case the provision of the
bill which 1 am now discussing is proper,, and
is not obnoxious to the objection that we do
not possess the power to pass it.
The Constitution, in article one, section
eight, provides that Congress shall have power
"to establish a uniform rule of naturalization.'r
This does not mean that the power of Con-
gress exhausts itself by being once used, nor
that there can be but one rule, nor that the rule
established must provide that the naturaliza-
tion shall be by action upon single or individ-
ual cases, nor yet that only foreigners can be
thus made citizens. The practice of the Gov-
ernment is against all thus* positions. The
rule must be uniform in its operation upon the
class affected by it, and must not be confmcd
in terms in its operation to any particular State
or district of country, except when it operates
only on a particular class of persons who may
be occupying a limited district of country. Sev-
tral statutes, establishing as many different
rule-1, each uniform in itself have been enacted
on this subject. Most, of these rules provide
for the naturalization by individual cases:
"But a collective naturalization may also take
place, of a class of persons, natives of the country or
otheiwise, and who, without any act on the part of
the individuals, may bo made citizens.''—Lawrenf* $
Appendix to Vthraton on Liternationol Law; Opinion
of Attorney General Guehino, m Opinions of Attorneys
General, vol. 7, p. 740.
The power thus to naturalize collectively has
been exercised in several instances by the Gov-
ernment. The most striking ease is that which
is found in the act of March o, 1843, in which
it is provided that the
"Stockbridge tribe of Indian5?, and each and every
of them, shall be deemed to be, and from that time
declared to be, citizens oi the Lnited States.''
ilr. Speaker, tlie«e authorities are sufficient
upon this point, and I will leave tho question
of citizenship as presented in the first part of
this section, and call the attention of the House
to the next proposition of the section as pro-
posed to be amended by the committee. It is
in these words:
There shall be no discrimination hi civil rights or
immunities among citizcn? of the United States in any
State or Territory of the United States on account of i
race,color, oi previous condition ofsUvery; andsuch |
citizens of every lace and color, without regard to any i
previous condition of slavery or involuntary servi- j
tudc. except as a puni-dnncnt for crime whereof the i
party shall have been duly convicted, shall hav e the I
same right to make and enforce contracts, to sue, be •
parties and give evidenee, to inherit, purchase, lease. I
sell, hold, and convey real and personal property, ;uid
to full and equal beneiit of all laws and proceedings
for the security of person and property as is enjoyed
by white citizens, and shall be snhteet to like punish-
ment, pains, and penalties, and to none other, an>
law, staiuto, mdmano\ regulation, or custom, to the
contrary notwithstanding.
This part of the bill will probably excite
more opposition and elicit more discussion
than any other; and yet to my mind it seems
perfectly defensible. Itprovides for tlie equal-
ity of citizens of the United States in the en-
joyment of "civil rights and immunities."
What do these terms mean? Do they mean
that in all things civil,_ social, political, all cit-
izens, without distinction of racc or color, shall
be equal ? By no means can they be so con-
strued. Do they mean that all citizens shal}
vote in the several States? No; for suffrage
is a political right which has been left undef
tlie control of the several States, subject to thg
action of Congress only when it becomes neces-
sary to enforce the guarantee of a republican
form of government. Nor do they mean that
,all_ citizens shall sit on the juries, or that their
children shall attend the same schools. These
are not civil rights or immunities. Well, what
is tho meaning? What are civil rights? I
understand civil rights to be simply the abso-
lute rights of individuals, such as—
"The right of personal security, the right of per-
sonal liberty, ancl tfhoright to acquire and enjoy prop-
erty." "Right itself, in civil society,is that which
any man is entitled to have, or to do, or to require from
others, within the limits of prescribed taw."—Kent's
Commentaries, vol. 1, p. 199.
To use the language of Attorney General
Bates, in the opinion already cited, "The
word rights is generic, common, embracing
whatever may he lawfully claimed.'' The defi-
nition given to the term ""civil rights" in Bou-
vicr's Law Dictionary is very concise, and is
supported by tlie best authority. It is this:
/'Civil rights are those which have no relation to
the establishment, support, or management of gov-
ernment."
From this it is easy to gather an understand-
ing that civil rights are the natural rights of
man ; and these are the rights which this bill
proposes to protect every citizen in the enjoy-
ment of throughout the entire dominion of the
Republic.
But what of the term "immunities?" What
is an immunity? Simply " freedom or exemp-
tion from obligation an immunity is "a right
of exemption only," as " an exemption from
serving in an office, or performing duties which
the law generally requires other citizens toper-
form. '' This is all that is intended by the word
"immunities" as used in this bill. It merely
secures to citizens of the United States equality
in tlie exemptions of the law. A colored citi-
zen shall not, because he is colored, be sub-
jected to obligations, duties, pains, and penal-
ties from which other citizens are exempted.
Whatever exemptions there may be shall ap-
ply to all citizens alike. One race shall not
be more favored in this respect than another.
One class shall not be required to support alone
the burdens which should rest on all classes
alike. This is the spirit and scope of tho bill,
and it goes not one step beyond.
Mr. Speaker, I think I may safely affirm that
this bill, so far as it declares the equality of
all citizens in tho enjoyment of civil rights and •
immunities, merely affirms existing law. We
are following the Constitution. Wo are redu-
cing to statute form the spirit of the Constitu-
tion. We are establishing no new right, de-
claring no new principle. It is not the object
of this bill to establish new rights, but to pro*
tect and enforce those which already belong to
every citizen. I am aware, sir, that this doc-
trine is denied in many of the States ; but this
only proves the necessity for the enactment of
the remedial and protective features of this
bill. If the States would all observe the rights
of our citizens, there would be no need of this
bill. If the Stales would all practice the con-
stitutional declaration, that
"The citizens of each Stato shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens m the several
States," (Article four, scction two, Constitution of tho
United States,)
and enforce it, as meaning that the citizen has
"Therieht of protection by the Government, the
enjoyment of life and liberty, with tlie right to ac-
quire and possess property ol every land, and to pur-
sue and obtain happiness and sateiy; to claim the
ucnetit of the wiiiui habco. innnti to institute and
maintain actions of any kind in the courts of the
Stato; to take, hold, and dispose of property, either
