54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
"become an able lawyer, more distinguished, i
perhaps, for tlie exactness of his professional !
learning than for the extent of its range. That ;
learning, however, embraced all the subjects i
coming within the sphere of his practice, and !
involved with the pursuits of those among whom
he lived, and whose interests he was called upon
to protect.
Carrying to the bench of his State such habits
of study and thought,and such intellectual pow-
ers, and with them amost delicate conscientious-
ness, he could not be otherwise than an eminent
and upright magistrate—eminent oven among
the able and learned men who, from its earliest
history, have adorned its judicial annals, and
given to American law character aud renown.
It is not, however, for me to speak of him at
length, either as counselor or judge, inasmuch
as I never happened to witness his efforts at
the bar or upon the bench. Y et, though living
in another, and not an adjoining, State, his pro-
fessional and judicial reputation was such as
could not be confined within the limits of his
circuit, and his name had been familiar to nie i
long before it was my good fortune to meet him j
where, upon a broader theater, and at a great ;
crisis in his country's history, requiring the ex- :
ercise of the best powers oi' the human mind,
he was destined to perform a most useful and ;
honorable part. j
Our lamented associate brought to the Sen- i
ate, at the commencement of the Thirty-Fourth 1
Congress, a rich experience in legislation, gath- ,
ered in the halls of his adopted State, and in I
the national House of Representatives. With 1
a man like him time never was suffered to pass 1
unimproved. Intrusted with public affairs, to
make himself familiar with all that pertained i
to them. to master the details of business, and !
to guard with vigilance the public interests, were
to him solemn and religious duties. To this 1
end he spared no labor, however severe, and >
shrunk from no task however burdensome.
With such habits, and thus ripe in intellect and
experience, he commenced his senatorial ca-
reer, not. like many others, with everything to
learn, but fully armed, master of his weapons,
and ready for the great conflict upon which he
was about to enter. Time never finds a great
occasion without finding also, earlier or later,
the men lilted to meet ii. Familiar with his
country's history, learned in its laws, thoroughly
imbued with its principles of government, in
the best sense a patriot, thoughtful and wise in
council, firm in purpose, and spotless in char-
acter, our associate and friend was admirably
fitted to meet the duties of a perilous hour.
How well and bravely those duties were per-
formed we can all hear witness. Spared to sec
the clouds of civil war which had so long dark-
ened over his beloved country finally dissipated,
and the sun of peace rising in un obscured bril-
liancy. he passed away from earth too soon, as
it would seem to our imperfect vision, and while
very much to which his sagacity and prudence
might have largely contributed still remains to
be done.
Conspicuous in the debates of the Senate,
Mr. CorxAVLK, though oi' prepossessing per-
sonal appearance and ready in speech, was not
remarkable for oratorical power, and at no
pains to ornament his discourse with rhetorical
illustration. His remarks were always suited to
the occasion, and confined strictly to the ques-
tion m debate. Plain, simple, and unpretend-
ing in manner and style, always severely log-
ical and master of his subject, he was invariably
heard with attention, and with the expectation,
never disappointed, that new light would be
cast upon the question, however elaborately it
might have been previously discussed by others. |
His speeches were well considered, but never j
assumed ttie shape of orations, carefully writ-
ten out, adorned with rhetorical flourish, and
''pointed with inverted commas.'' The closet
was to him a place for prayer and thought, for
forgiveness of injuries, real or fancied, and for ;
tliG culln ution oi good-"will to man, ratlicr tlian ! I
a laboratory of vituperation, open or covert, !j
whether of men or measures. Quick at repar- jj
iee and somewhat impatient of interruption, his j)
retorts were sometimes caustic, but had no tinge
of malice, if their sting was felt it left no wound;
while the rich vein of humor, which never
failed, and an inexhaustible fund of apposite
and amusing anecdote, always illustrative and
most happily related, rendered his efforts alike
interesting to a miscellaneous audience and
instructive to his associates.
You.and I, Mr. President, have long'known
and felt how delightful our lamented friend
was in private and social intercourse, how
playful and genial was his wit, how fertile he
was of anecdote, how keen of observation,
and how instructive his conversation, both in
lighter and graver moods. No one of his asso-
ciates in this Chamber can, better than myself,
bear testimony to his kindness of heart, his
readiness to impart information and give the
advantage of his learning and wisdom to those
about him whenever sought or needed. Seated
by his side, session after session, for many
years, I habitually asked his advice and sought
his aid whenever embarrassed by doubt or dif-
ficulty. The patience with which he listened,
and the ready kindness with which he responded,
imparting from his rich store all that was need-
ful, compelling me to make his thoughts my
own, could not but secure my gratitude and
win my affection. T venerated and loved the
man as one regards an elder brother, upon
whose superior knowledge and wisdom, and
unselfish singleness of heart, he feels that he
may, in all emergencies, safely rely; and I
grievei'or his loss as one laments the breaking
of a link in that chain of life's pleasures which
he feels to be growing shorter and shorter day
by day.
At a period like the present, calling for so
much wise experience and unselfish devotion
in our national councils, the losg of such a man
cannot but be severely felt. And yet, in the in-
sciulable ways of Providence, it well happens
that the termination of no single life is ever
permitted to produce more than a momentary
ripple upon the great ocean of human affairs.
Yi hatever impiess the individual may make
upon the time in which lie lived is soon trodden
out by mjviads of advancing footsteps. Other
hands take up the unfinished work, and it goes
on without any perceptible stay or interrup-
tion. The noblest ambition of man is, there-
fore, to perform well and faithfully the part
assigned to him, and he is fortunate if content
with what lie may receive, and humbly thank-
ful i f spared responsibilities beyond his ability
to bear. It may be truly said of our departed
friend that ho was true to his own conceptions
of duty, both in public and private life. And
if he was not without a love for worldly dis-
tinction and eminent place, that love was sub
great battle of life.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the Nestor of
the American Senate has been called from the
scene where his counsels have been so often
heard, and his u isdom was so justly honored.
Whatever of eloquence, of learning, of skill in
debate may remain in this body, the death of
Judge CoLLAMEJi leaves a void here which will ;
not easily be supplied. Whoever aspires to fill j
his peculiar place, and exert a similar influence,
must possess not only equal abilities and a char-
acter as pure, but a judgment enlightened like,
his by the lessons, and a mind stored with the
fruits, of a long and varied experience.
_ If, in our estimate of the dead, wc are some-
times liable to pass beyond the measure of a
just appreciation, we may be assured that |
whatever language of eulogy is applied to him, j
we are in little danger of exceeding a correct
judgment of his merits. In the Senate, aud i
wherever else he was called to act, he was a j
man so marked and peculiar that his superi- i
orify in many striking respects was at once j
acknowledged. Jt was my good fortune to j
know iiiin somewhat intimately; first in the j
House of -Representatives, and more lately in j
the Senate. While in both these positions he j
was conspicuous among the celebrated and able
men with whom ho was associated in public
affairs, there were certain qualities, intellect-
ual and moral, in which be was not surpassed
by any of the distinguished men of his time.
And, first of all, lie was a just man. His in-
tegrity was a pervading and governing charac-
teristic of his nature; which uot only controlled
his conduct, but shaped his sentiments and
opinions, so that he seemed gifted with an
unerring judgment of right and wrong. En-
lightened by this high sense of justice, his rea-
soning faculties could scarcely fail in the at-
tainment of truth; and for him to refuse its
acknowledgment or resist its sway was an im-
possibilit}'. Hcncc it was that in those intellect-
ual processes for which ho was so distinguished,
he seemed never to be contending merely
for polemic victory, but rather to be illumi-
nating, by the light of his unclouded reason, the
path which his controlling sense of justice
compelled him to pursue. It was impossible
to follow him in the steps of his irrefutable
logic, without being struck by his perfect sin-
cerity, as well as by the strength of his reason-
ing; and the argamentsby which his own mind
was convinced seldom failed to convince his
hearers. Thus as an advocate he compelled
the assent of courft and juries to his proposi-
tions. But it was as a judge that he seemed
in liis peculiarly appropriate sphere. Here,
his high sense of right and his unrivaled rea-
soning powers, combined to render his legal
judgments almost infallible ; and the suitors to
whom justice was dispensed by liim seldom
complained even of his adverse decisions.
To us our venerated and deeply-lamented
friend was cliielly known by his punctual and
Constant attendance and his faithful labors in
this body, in the business and debates of which
he took a loading part. Here for many years
we have listened to his words of wisdom, and
have been guided by the light which he shed
upon every subject which he discussed; yet I
cannot recall an instance in which he exerted
those great obilities, with which he was in-
trusted for the good of mankind, for the pur-
poses of ostentation or self-display. The arts
of eloquence he apparently little esteemed.
'These, with the graces of rhetoric and the feli-
cities of expression, he left entirely to others,
satisfying himself with a plainness of language,
and often with a homeliness of phrase, which
sometimes gave an added strength to his unan-
swerable reasoning. In the midst, however, of
his closest argumentation, the flash of wit, the
quaint stroke of humor, the apt and illustrative
anecdote, would occasionally vary the current
of thought and relieve the attention which might
otherwise have been wearied by the severe and
exact logic to which he usually so rigidly ad-
hered. Nor should it be forgotten that,'with
all his power in debate, he was generous and
considerate of others. No harsh or unkind w ord
ever escaped his lips. He seldom indulged
even in repartee, passing in Silence any attack,
real or supposed, upon himself, and applying
his powers only to the subject-matter of his" dis-
course. As he wasrespecte'd, so lie was respect-
ful and courteous in debate, treating others
with the same consideration and regard which
all conceded to his own pure character and
superior abilities.
In the truest and best sense of the word
Judge Coo.ameh was a conservative. To con-
serve, to defend, to uphold and maintain the
Government, the Union, the Constitution, the
laws oi the United States, this was his constant
effort, the mission and the labor of his life. He
did not believe, however, that true conservatism
consists in upholding ancient error, or persist-
ing in wrongs because tliey seem by the lapse
of time to have become irremediable, or by
custom and usigc to have grown inviolable. On
the contrary, he thought that what is good in a
Government nny best be defended and pre-
served by seeking the proper occasion to cor-
rect abiif.es and rectify mi.-takes. A genuine
conservative, he was not the blind advocate of
existing evils, nor the stubborn apologist of
the past. He knew when to yield to unavoid-
