1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
real or Personal; to be exempt from higher taxes or
imposition- than arc paid by the other citizcns of the
State," {dnrjlcll vs. Coryell, i Washington's Circuit
(hurt Reports, p. 3S0.)
we might very well refrain from the enact-
ment of this bill into a law. If they would
recognize that "general citizenship1' (Story on
the Constitution, volume two, page G04) which
under this clause entitles every citizen to se-
curity and protection of personal rights,(Camp-
bell us. Morris, o Harris & McHenry, f>35,) we
might Safely withhold action. Anu if above
all, Mr. Speaker, the States should admit, and
practice the admission, that a citizen docs not
surrender these rights because he may happen
to be a citizcn of the State which would de-
prive him of them, we might, without doing
violence to the duty devolved upon us, leave
the whole subject to the several Slates. But,
sir, the practice of the States loaves us no
avenue of escape, ami we must do our duty by
supplying the protection which the States deny.
Mr. Speaker, if all our citizens were of one
race and one color we would be relieved of
most of the diOieulties which surrouud us. This
bill would be almost, if not entirely, unneces-
sary. and if the States, seeing lhatVc have cit-
izens of different races and colors, would but
shut their eyes to these differences and legis-
late, so far at least as regards ciwl lights and
immunities, us though all citizens were of one
race and color, our Woubh-s as a nation would
be well-nigh over. Jhit stub is not the case,
and we must do as best. we ean to protect our
citizens, from tlit* highest to the lowest, from
the whites!, lo the blackest, in the enjoyment
of the £tvat fundamental rights which belong
to all men.
It will be observed that the entire structure
of this billrosts on the discrimination relati\ e to
civil rights and immunities made by the States
on uaccount of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of slavery.'' That these things should not
be is no answer to the fael of their existence.
That the result of the recent, w ar, and the enact-
ment of t he measures lo which the events of the
war naturally led us, have intensified the hate
of the controlling class in the insurgent Stales
toward our colored citizens is a Uct against
which we eanneither shut our cars nor (dose our
eyes. Laws barbaric and treatment inhuman
are the rewards meted out by our white enemies
to our colored friends. We should put a stop
to this at once and forever. And yet I would
not do this in a way which would deprive a. white
man of u singh* right to which he is entitled. I
would merely enforce justice for all men; and
this is lawful, it is right, and it is our bounden
duty.
In order to accomplish this end it is neces-
sary to fortify the declaratory portions of this
bill with such sanctions as will render it elect-
ive. The first of these is found in the .second
section, and in tluve words:
Knc. 2. t[u<f he It furthrr cnnrtei!. That anv person
wlu>. mid'T color of :m\ law, statute, ordinance, reg-
ulation, oi'fu>t"in, .shall subject, or eimxo to he sub-
jected. any inhabit sin I of anv Hi at cor Territory i o the
deprivation <>j nn\ light secured or piotceted hv this
act, or to different punishment, pain*, or penult icM>n
account of pwh pei woi hu\ ins? at any time h< en held
in a condition of slavery or involuutai v semtudc,
except as a puni.-.lnncnt for i rime w hereof the part}
shall have been <iul> < on\icted, oi In reason of hi.-,
color or race, than is presei thed for the punishment
oi white persons, shall bo deemed guiltv ot a misde-
meanor, and «n con\ ictu>n,-hailbepuuished b> a line
not cx<'',edm:f $1,0 or imprisonment not e\.cc<xtue-?
one year, <>r both, in the discretion of the court.
.Now, sir, unless I am mistaken in all that 1
have said up to this point, our power to enact
this section cannot be questioned. If citizens
of the United States, as such, ere entitled to
possess and enjoy the great fundamental t ivii
rights which it is t he true office of (Jovcrnment
to protect, and to equality in the exemptions
of the law, we must of necessity be clothed with '
the power to insure to each and every citizen !
these things which belong to him as a constit- j
uent member of the great national family. But j
itmay be urged that we can exercise only such J
powers as are delegated by express provision ;
of the Constitution or arise by implication from :
its express provisions. And following this may j
come the demand for the express or implied I
powers to support this and the subsequent sec-
tions of this bill.
Well, sir, as to those citizens who may be in
danger of being subjected to slavery or invol-
untary servitude. I answer that the express
power supporting this measure may be found in I
the following provision of the Constitution: j
" Sec.1. Neither slavery norinvolnntary servitude,
oxcept as punishment ot crime whereof the party
shall have been duly convicted, shall exist in the
United States, or in any placo subjcct to their juris-
diction.
"Sec. 2. Congress shall have power to enforccthis
article by appropriate legislation."
Here, certainly, is an express delegation of
power. How shall it be exercised? Who shall
select the means through which the ofiice of
this power shall effect the end designed by the
people when they placed this provision in the
Constitution? Happily, sir, we are not without
light on t hose questions from the Supreme Court.
In the celebrated case of McCulloch r.s. The
State of Maryland, Chief .Justice Marshall, in
delivering the opinion of the court, says:
""We admit, as all must admit, that the powers of
the (lovermncnt are limited, and that its limits are
not to be transcended. But, we think the sound con-
struction ol the Constitution must aliowto the na-
tional lit gi.-d.it iir-' that discretion with respect to the
means by which the power* il confers are to ho car-
ried into execution, which will enable that body to
perioi in the. ht^h duties assigned to it in the manner
me-L hi nefieial lo the people. Let the end be legiti-
mate, let it be within the scope of the Constitution,
and all meanswhichnreapptopj iat \whieh arc plainly
ad-inted lo that end, which are not piohibited, but
en mist with the letter and spirit of the Constitutiun,
are constitutional."—1 Whcuiun'n /u'poW.*, p. -I'JO.
Who will say that the means provided by this
second section ot the bill arc not appropriate
for the cniorccmeiit of the power delegated to
Congress by the .second section of tin; amend-
ment abolishing sla\er\, which 1 hit % e quoted ?
The end is legitimate, because it is defined by
the Constitution itself. The end is the main-
tenance of fiecdomto the citizen. What means
more appropriate could be selected than that
which punishes a man by commonly indicted
punishments through the ordinary channels of
the law and the courts for depri\ingtheeit'zen
of those rights which, while he enjoys them, are
hi < sure defense against efforts to reduce him
to slavery? A man who enjoys the civil rights
mentioned in this bill cannot be reduced to
slavery. Anything which protects him i'i the
possession of these rights injures liitn against
redaction to slavery. This settles the appro-
priateness of this measure, and that SCUL'S its
constitutionality.
Ot the necessity of the measure Congress is
the sohi judge. This is clearly announced in
the ease just cited, and in this language:
"Where the law is not prohibited, and is really
en lcul.it < d t<  ( fleet any of the objects int rusted to the
(tovernincnt. to undertake here lo impure into the
deirrce of ils uecessii V, won hi bo to pav" t ho line which
ciounrcnbes (he judicial dcpai tn'icnl and to dead
on i< Lrifbitive ground."—U>.
If t his bill shall pass both 1 louses and become
a law, that fael of itself determines the question
of necessity, and from this decision there is no
appeal except, to anoiher Congress. This is
the doctrine of tin4 Constitution, as declared by
the highest judicial tribunal known to our laws.
Mr. Speaker, I have endeavored to show that
(his bill provides means for the execution o!
the power delegated to us appropriate to the
end designed by the Constitution. I may not
have succeeded in convincing all that my posi-
tion is correct, ami some may claim that tins
particular mode of enforcing the power is in
some way excepted from the broad field of our
ehoiceof means. Sir. the establishment of this
exception must be the ■work of those who sug-
gest it. Nor do 1 make this assertion without
high authority for it. hi the same case from
which 1 have quoted the court said:
"The (Jovcrnment which has a right to do an act,
and has imposed on it the duty of performing that
act, must. according to the dictates of reason, be al-
lowed to select the means; and those who contend
that it may not select any appioprinte means, that
one particular mode ofetloetmtrihcohjeet is excepted,
take upon themselves the burden ot establishing that
exception,"— S\cjv -10U.
Here, sir, I may safely rest this branch of
my justification of this bill. Let those who
may claim that this mode of enforcing the power
granted to us for effecting the object the peo-
ple had in view when they placed the abolition
amendment in the Constitution, is excepted
from our grand range of choice, assume their
burden and establish the exception. I am con-
tent to leave that branch of the work to them.
The remaining sections of the bill are aids
to what has gone before, and I will not spend
time in discussing them. Suffice it to say that
they are based on the act of September 18,
1850, commonly known as the "fugitive slave
law," the constitutionality of which has been
affirmed over and over again by the courts.
( Vide 5 McLean, Hep., 409; 2 Paine, C. C. 348;
10Barbour, 208; 7 Cashing, Mass., 28'">.) And,
sir, I am not willing that all of these prece-
dents, legislative and judicial, which aided sla-
very so long, shall now be brushed into obliv-
ion when freedom needs their assistance. Let
them now work out a proper measure of retrib-
utive justice by making freedom as secure as
they once made slavery hateful. T eanuotyield
up the weapons which slavery has placed in
our hands now that they maybe wielded in the
holy cause of liberty and just, government. We
will turn the artillery of slavery upon itself.
]>ut, sir, this bill may have a broader appli-
cation than that which would reaeh the cases
of persons designed to be protected by the del-
egation of power contained in the amendment
of the Constitution upon which I have com-
mented. Jf it does reach beyond these cases,
and in its enlarged operation step out of the
bounds of this express delegation of power,
upon what, in this more extended sphere, must
it rely for support?
I have already said, Ifcitizensofthe United
States, as such, are entitled to possess and enjoy
the great fundamental ehil rights which it is
the true ofiice of Government to protect, and to
equality in the exemptions of the law, we must
of necessity be clothed with the power to insure
to each and cu*ry citizen these things which
belong to him as a constituent member of the
great national family.'' Whatever these great
fundamental rights arc, we must be invested with
power to legislate for their protection or our
Constitution fails in the iirst and most impor-
tant, ofiice of government.
What arc these rights? Certainly they must
bo as comprehensive as those which belong to
Englishmen. And what are they? ISlackstone
classifies them under three articles, as follows :
1. The right of personal security; which, he
says,
"Consists in n person's legal and uninterrupted en-
joyment of his lite, his limbs, his body, his health, and
his reputation."
2. The right ofpcrsonal liberty; and this, he
says,
" Con'-ist*' in the power of locomotion, of changing
situation, or moving one's person lo whatever placo
one's own inclination may direct, without imprison-
ment or restraint, unless by duo course of law."
3. The right of personal property; which he
defines to be,
"The free use, enjoyment, and disposal of all his
acquisitions,without any control or diminution, save
only by the laws of the land."—Sharuxcuod' h JJiacb~
*tonr, vol. 1, chap. 1.
Fn his lecture on the absolute rights of per-
sons. Chancellor Kent (Kent's Commentaries,
volume one, page o09) says:
"The absolute rights of individuals may be resolved
into the nght of personal security, the light of per-
sonal libei i y, and the right to acquire and enjoy prop-
erty. Those rights* have been ju*tly eon,--idered, and
frequently declared, by the people of thid country, to
be natural, inherent, and inalienable."
Thus, sir, we have the English and American
doctrine harmonizing. The great fundamental
rights are the inalienable possession of both
Englishmen and Americans; and I will not
admit that the British constitution excels the
American Constitution in the amplitude of its
provisions for the protection of these rights.
Our Constitution is not a moekeiy; it is the
never-failing fountain of power from whence
wc may draw oar justification for the passage
of this'bilj; for there is no right enumerated in
it by general terms or by specific designation
which is not definitely embodied in one of the
rights I have mentioned, or results as an inci-
