2078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 20,
while tliis substitute provides altogether for
seventy-six officers, there are now sixty-six.
The amendment is not the precision of the
Senate bill; it is not the provision of the
House bill; it is not the proposition submit-
ted by the council of general officers; it is not
that which was originally reported ia the Sen-
ate ; it. is not in accordance with the Aviny.
Register. Somebody has got it up, and L will
affect somebody and promote somebody; but
surely it cannot be pretended that it corre-
sponds cither with the House bill or the Sen-
ate bill or the Army Register or anything else
known to the present law or any proposition
pending when the amendment was offered.
This is what I undertake to say as matter of
fact.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state for his information that the
proposed amendment is cut bodily from the
Senate bill, and is precisely the provision of
the Senate bill, except that I have stricken out
the words, "three chief quartermasters gen-
eral, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
a brigadier general,those words involving the
creation of a new office. It is exactly the pro-
vision of the Senate bill, omitting that new
grade of Chief Quartermaster General.
Sir. SCHENCK. Now, I do not know that
I have in regard to this matter superior ad-
vantages to those of any other gentleman ; we
all think that we know something about the
matter. But I undertake to say this : the first
bill reported in the Senate was called Senate
bill No. 67, in which these matters were ar-
rangedjust as each of the bureaus wanted them.
That bill was afterward withdrawn, and a new
bill, No. 67, was introduced. That new bill
was the bill presented to the military council.
Those officers went over that bill, suggesting
changes in regard to the number of the Army
and many other matters : but in scarcely a sin-
gle instance did they touch these bureau con-
cerns. In general, I believe, they made no
recommendation one way or the other in re-
gard to them. Afterward there was introduced
into the Senate another bill. No. 138, the bill
which has been passed by that body, both the
bills No. 07 having been abandoned. In the
bill No. 138, the Senate departed from the bills
No. 07, and also departed in many respects
from the recommendations of this military
council. So far as concerns the quartermas-
ter's department, the Senate proposes to have
eighty officers in that department, being, as the
gentleman says, something like this substitute,
with the exception of the three quartermasters
general, which the Senate bill provides for,
but which he does not include in his substitute.
The Committee on Military Affairs of this
House, after a full consultation with the Quar-
termaster General, hearing all he said upon the
one side and the other, during a session of
some two or three hours, came to the conclu-
sion not to allow all that he claimed. Nor did
they agree entirely with the Senate. There
was no question made with this military coun-
cil. The committee, after full consideration,
reported this bill, and I will state the differences
in this respect between it and Senate bill No.
138.
The present quartermaster's department,
as left at the close of the war—very much
increased from what it was before the war—■
has one brigadier general, three colonels, who
are called assistant quartermasters general, four
lieutenant colonels, who are called deputy quar-
termasters general, eleven majors, who are
called quartermasters, and forty-six captains,
who are called assistant quartermasters ; mak-
ing a total of sixty-five. The Senate bill,
departing from the present arrangement, gives
us one quartermaster, ranking as a brigadier
general ; three other brigadier generals, to be
called chief assistant quartermasters general ;
four colonels, to be called assistant quarter-
masters general; eight lieutenant colonels, to
be called deputy quartermasters general; six-
teen majors, to be called quartermasters; and
forty-eight captains, to he called assistant quar-
termasters ; making a total of eighty.
The House bill provides for one brigadier
general in the quartermaster's department, leav-
ing out three other brigadier generals, putting
it upon the same footing as the others. It also
provides for six colonels, ten lieutenant col-
onels, fifteen majors, and forty-tour captains,
making in all seventy-six. It further provides,
after the first appointments, as vacancies may
occur in the grades of major and captain, no
appointments to fill the same shall be made
until the number of majors shall be reduced to
twelve and the number of captains to thirty.
Thereafter the number of officers in each of
said grades shall continue to conform to said
reduced numbers. That makes a reduction of
three in the grade of major and fourteen in the
grade of captain. It makes a reduction of
seventeen in all, so that there shall be fifty-nine,
instead of seventy-six, which is believed to be
sufficient for the purposes of the quartermas-
ter's department.
I know that a great many more quartermas-
ters might be employed. I know that the chiefs
of bureaus are reluctant to give up any of the
offices which they now have. I know officers
may be ordered here who will do good service,
but no better than clerks can do it. But I will
not repeat the argument which I made in ref-
erence to the Adjutant General's bureau.
I call attention to the fact that the substitute,
so far as brigadier generals are concerned, dif-
fers from the Senate bill. It is not what passed
under the inspection of the military council.
It is not what the House proposed. It is some-
thing which gentlemen offer, and which they
have a right to offer. W7e arrived at our results
after much examination, finding out how many
were necessary for posts and so on, and we
submit them to the House and to the country.
Mr. CONKLING obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. DAVIS, who said: I desire to say that
the amendment which I sent to the desk to be
read as a substitute was cut from the Senate
bill. It is Senate bill No. G7. I know they
passed a bill, No. 138. I understand that per-
fectly . I am credibly informed that this amend-
ment received the sanction of the distinguished
military gentlemen to whom I have alluded.
The original Senate bill provided for eighty-
seven. Bill No. 138 reduced that to eighty^.
Mr. CONKLING. I now resume the floor.
I am persuaded, no matter how amended, this
bill will continue to afford harmless occupa-
tion ; and I therefore move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for one moment to move that the
Committee on Commerce be allowed to report
back a bill for the relief of Thomas F. Wilson.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw my motion
for that purpose.
thomas f. wilson.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back Senate bill No. 140, for
the relief of Thomas P. Wilson, late United
States consul at Bahia, Brazil, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to pay
to Thomas P. Wilson, late United States con-
sul at Bahia, $1.";00 out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in full
compensation for extra services, and for all
other claims he may have against the Govern-
ment, while in the service of the United States
as consul.
Mr. WASHBURNE,^of Illinois. Mr. Wil-
son was consul of the United States at Bahia,
Brazil, during the years 1862, 1863, and 18t>4.
Daring almost the entire time that the peti-
tioner was consul at Bahia, that port was the
rendezvous of the rebel pirates for the south
Atlantic, where they landed large numbers of
prisoners who were captured on board of Amer-
ican vessels on the high seas, and where they
met their consorts and tenders for the purpose
of obtaining eoals, powder,-and other supplies.
Three of these rebel pirates made the port
of Bahia their calling place; two of them, the
Alabama and Georgia, being on one occasion
there at the same time, where they met their
tenders to obtain supplies. One, and some-
times more, of these pirates were constantly
cruising in the south Atlantic, and liable at any
time to enter the port of Bahia, or to send in
prisoners.
The rebels had a regular agent at Bahia, who
was the consignee of their supply vessels, dis-
counted their bills, and furnished funds to pur-
chase stores for the pirates.
The frequent visits of the pirates to this port
imposed upon the consul the necessity of tak-
ing care of, and providing for, large numbers
of prisoners landed at different times; also
required the utmost activity and vigilance in
watching the pirates, and thwarting their efforts
to obtain supplies, and required a large amount
of consular labor and correspondence with the
local authorities at Bahia, the United States
minister at Rio de Janeiro, the Department of
State, and the commanders of the United States
vessels-of-war, to whom he supplied valuable
information.
The last of the rebel pirates which visited
the port of Bahia, for the purpose of obtaining
coals and supplies, was the Florida. Through
the efforts of the consul she was prevented from
doing so. He was the party who went on board
of the Waehusett and gave the information
which led to the capture of the Florida.
If the committee had done anything to change
the bill it would have been to make the amount
larger.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be kid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
winnebago and superior railroad.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the Legislature of
the State of Wisconsin, asking for a grant of
land to aid in the construction of so much of
the Winnebago and Superior railroad as ex-
tends from Doty's Island to Stevens Point;
which was ordered to be printed, and referied
to the Committee oil Public Lands.
business on saturday.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That on Saturday bills on leave, and reso-
lutions, for reference only, may bo received by unani-
mous consent, on condition that they shall not be
brought back into the House by a motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. STROUSE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The resolution would
relieve the House from much embarrassment.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Clerk, informed the House that-the Senate
had passed the following bill and joint resolu-
tions, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested:
| An act (S. No. 193) granting lands to the
; State of Michigan to aid in the construction of
a harbor and ship-canal at Portage Lake. Ke-
weenaw Point, Lake Superior, in said State;
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 31) manifest-
! ing the sense of Congress toward the officers
] and seamen of the vessels, and others, engaged
| in the rescue of the officers and soldiers of the
i Army, the passengers, and the officers and
I crew of the steamship San Francisco from per-
| is'ning with the wreck of that vessel; and
I A joint resolution (S. R. No. 01) to extend
| the time for the construction of the first sec-
I tion of the Western Pacific railroad.
; western pacflfc railroad.
jj Mr. McRUER asked unanimous consent to
ji take up from the Speaker's table joint resolu-
I! tion of the Senate No, 01, to extend the time
ji for the construction of the first section of the
li Western Pacific railroad.
