1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2079
Mr. WASHBUJRNE, of Illinois, and Mr.
ROSS, objected.
STATE AND NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, asked unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be, and hereby is, directed to inuuire into
the expediency of providing by law for the conver-
sion of State banks now organized into national
banks on or before tho 1st day of July next, and to
report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ROSS objected.
Mr. CONK-LING. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and i eferred to the appropriate commit tees:
By Mr. BOYER: The petition of Joel K. Markley.
By Mr. BQCKLAND: The petition of J. W. Breek-
lin, and 37 others, citizens of Woodville, Ohio, for an
increase of duties on foreign wools.
Also, the petition of J. T. Reynolds, and 30 others,
citizcns of Huron, Ohio, for the same.
Also, from E. J. Kellogg, and 52 others, citizcns of
Berlin, Ohio, for tho same.
Also, from G. W. Mead, and 37 others, wool-grow-
ers of Huron county. Ohio, for the same.
Also, from Lewis Tucker, and33 others,wool-grow-
ers of Huron county, Ohio, for the same.
Also, from Lucius P. Sisson, and 20 others, wool-
growers ol Huron county, Ohio, for the same.
Also, from George Silliman, and 18 others, wool-
growors of Huron county, Ohio, for tho same.
Also, from Reuben Burras, and 18 others, wool-
growers of Huron county, Ohio, lor the same.
Also, from N. Sutton, and 20 others, wool-growers
of Huron county, Ohio, for tho same.
Also, from U. B. Thomas, and 22 others, wool-
growcrs of Huron county, Ohio, tor the same.
Also, from J. B. Hale, and 37 others, wool-growers
of Huron county, Ohio, for the same.
Also, from J.N. Campbell, and 24 others, wool-
growers of Huron county, Ohio, for the same.
By Mr. FARNSWORTII: The petition of Ira K.
Mansheld, William Courtnght, Frederick Brown,
and others, citizens of Winnebago county, Illinois,
lor increase of tariff upon wool.
By Mr. HARDING, ot Illinois: The petition of E.
Shaw, and others, of Rock Island, Illinois, for uni-
form insurance laws.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of George J. Nichol-
son, and otheis, citizens of the sixteenth congressional
district of New York, tor increased compensation to
assistant assessors of internal revenue.
Also, the petition of Jehial P, Spear, and others,
citizens of Morian, Essex county, New York, for
increased duties on foreign wool.
Also, the petition of Thomas G. Shaw, and others,
citizens of Minerva, Essex county, New York, for the
same purpose.
Also, the petition of Frederick Nye. and^ others,
citizens ol Wilmington, Essex county, New York, for
the same purpose.
Bv Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio: The petition of Br.
McNutt, Dr. Weeks, and Dr. Thatcher, practicing
physicians, of Caledonia, Ohio, upon the subject of
duties on impoi ted medicines.
Also, the petition of R. L. Noo, and 74-others, citi-
zens and wool-growers of Marion county, Ohio,
praying lor increased duties on ioreign wool.
By Mr. INGERSOLL : The petition of 40 citizens
of Stark county, Illinois, asking for an additional
duty on imported wool,
Also, the petition of 20 citizens of Stark county,
Illinois, asking for increase of duty on imported wool,
and lor a tax of two dollars on dogs.
AUo. the petition of 45 citizens ot Peoria, Illinois,
asking for the imposition of a tax of two dollars on
ail dogs.
Also, the petition of 50 citizens of Peoria county,
Illinois, for an increase of duty on imported wool,
and a duty of twenty-five cents on foreign shoddy
and rags.
Also, the petition of 75 citizens of Stark county,
Illinois, for increase )f duty on imported wool.
Also, the petition of 64 citizens of Walnut Grove,
Knox county, Illinois, asking increase of duty on
imported wool, and twenty-five cents duty on foreign
shoddy and rags.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of W. F.Abbott,
and others, asking that the tariff on imported cigars
be changed from the present graduated scale to one
of uniform rate, and that the rate be fixed at three
dollars per pound, and fifty per cent, ad valorem.
Bv Mr. MORRILL: The petition of the Bishop
Gatta Perch a Company, of the city of New York.
l)y Mr. MORRIS: The petition of Dr. Chase, and
others, physicians of Genesee, New York, asking that
certnin incdicincs be placed upon the free list.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Mrs. Mereie E.
Scattergood, for pension of the gradeof firstassistant
engineer United States Navy, her husband having
been entitled to the pay of that grade at the time
of his death. _
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of John Plankmton.
and 30 others, citizcns of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in
favor ot the enactment of a national insurance law.
Also, the petition of Philander Judson, and others,
citizens of Kenosha county, Wisconsin, lor a modifi-
cation of the duty on foreign wools.
Also, the petition of P. Putnam, and others, citi-
zcns of Vernon, Waukesha county, Wisconsin, for
increase of duty on foreign wools.
Also, resolutions of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Na-
tional Union League of Wisconsin, m favor of the
equalization of bounties.
Also, the petition of John McKibbin. and 29 others,
citizens of Linn, Walworth county, Wisconsin, for
increased duties upon foreign wools.
Also, the petition of W.M. Bingham, and34 others,
citizcns of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in favor of the
enactment by Congress of a law regulating insur-
ance in the United States.
Also, the petition of George Allen, and others, citi-
zens of Linn, Walworth county, Wisconsin, for an
increased duty on foreign wools.
By Mr. PHELPS: A memorial in behalf of miners
and mclters ol copper ore.
By Mr. RICE, of Maine: The memorial of John
W. Brazce, of Washington Territory, asking for dis-
approval of an aet of the Legislative Assembly of
said Territory, entitled "An act in relation to Ska-
mania county,*' approved January 14,1865.
Abo, four pctitioiib of the county officers and others,
citizens of the county of Aroostook, Maine, asking
that said county may be annexed to the Bangor cus-
toms district.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of William n. Tray,
and others, of the city of Now York, calling upon
Congress to submit to the several States an amend-
ment to expunge from artiolefive of the Federal Con-
stitution the following words: "and that no State,
without its consent, shall be depriyed of its equal
suffrage in the Senate;" and for such other and fur-
ther change and amendment as to tho basis of repre-
sentation in the Senate as shall tend to promote jus-
tice, real equity, and harmony.
Also, the petition of George W. Bush, praying
1CByMr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois: The petition
of the Mississippi Bar Dredging Company, for leave
to open one or more of the passes of the Mississippi
river, at their own expense, and for compensation
after the work shall have been completed, and so
long as they shall keep the same open.
Also, the petition of merchants of the city of New
Orleans interested in shipping, praying Congress to
adopt some practicable mode of opening and keeping
open the passes of the Mississippi river.
Abo, the petition of underwnters and bankers of
the city of New Orleans, praying Congress tolcKislale
in reference to opening the passes of the Mississippi
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Charles Camp,
and 73 otheis, wool-growers of Homer township: of
A. Munson, and 107 others, wool-growers of Guilford
township; and of T. W. Painter, and GO others, wool-
growers of Medina township, Medina county, Ohio,
asking protection on wool.
HOUSE OE IlEPltESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 21,1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Pwev. George E. Magoux, President, of Iowa
College.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
president's message.
• The House resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the considera-
tion of the President's annual message, upon
which Mr, Perham was entitled to the floor.
Mr. PERHAM. I yield for a few moments
to the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. Nich-
olson. J
RECONSTRUCTION'.
Mr. NICHOLSON, ilr. Speaker, numer-
ous and various have been the propositions
before the House to amend the Constitution
of the United States; but more obnoxious
than all the rest, and affecting to a greater
extent the whole character of our Govern-
ment, is the following, upon which I propose
to submit a few lemarks, namely, the joint
resolution (II. R. No. 63) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatuics of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which, when ratified by three
fourths of the said Legislatures, shall be valid as part
of said Constitution, namely:
Article —. The Congress shall have power to make
all laws which shall be necessary and proper to secure
to the citizens of each State all privileges and immu-
nities of citizcns in the several States, and to all pei-
sons in the several States equal protection in the rights
of life, liberty, and property.
So many and able have been the arguments
already laid before this House against the adop-
tion, at this time, of this or any other of the
proposed amendments to the Constitution, that
I might well despair ^f throwing any new light
upon the subject, or increasing by anything I
can say the weight of the objections already
urged.
I feel additional discouragement in approach-
ing the discussion of this question, from "tho
strong determination evinced by the majority
to make this or some other material alteration
in our organic law. They seem unrestrained
by the ordinary considerations of public policy.
They seem insensible to every appeal. They
are moved neither by the glorious memoriesof
the past, the wonderful wealth, power, and pros-
perity we have achieved under the Constitution
as it is, nor by the bright prospect that awaits
us in the future under a restored Union if we
but preserve the "ancient landmarks. Intox-
icated with the sudden possession of power,
they chafe at every obstacle interposed between
them and the gratification of their desires.
Assuming with partisan zeal that a certain
object must be accomplished, and fining the
Constitution standing m their way, they would
lay violent hands upon it, and with one blow
destroy the beautiful harmony of our entire
system of government.
My love and admiration for this system, which
has been our pride and boast, forbid that I
should now remain silent and unmoved, but
rather urge me to stand up, relying on the jus-
tice of ray cause, and plead for the Constitution
of our fathers.
To appreciate fully the great change that
would be wrought in the entire structure of our
Government by the adoption of the proposed
amendment, it will be necessary to consider the
history of its formation and its present charac-
ter, so far as the same is pertinent to the sub-
ject under consideration ; and I shall do so with
that brevity which so familiar a subject and its
heretofore frequent, discussion demand.
The States which united in framing our Con-
stitution were originally colonies, separate from
and independent of each other. They were
settled at dilferent times and by people who
differed from each other in their habits and
their religious and political opinions. Their
local customs and regulations differed accord-
ingly. There was no political connection be-
tween them ; and one thing alone was common
to them all, and that was the allegiance which
each owed to the British Crown; and I might
add the injustice and oppression which finally
drove them to arms. This view of their polit-
ical condition is sustained by Judge Story in
his Commentaries, section one hundred and
seventy-seven, which I will quote:
"Though the colonies had a common origin, and
owed a common allegiance, and the inhabitants of
each wore British subjects, they had no direct polit-
ical connection with each other. Bach was independ-
ent of all the others: each, in a limited sense.was
sovereign within its own territory. There was^neither
alliance nor confederacy between them. The As-
sembly of one Province could not make laws for
another; nor confer privileges, which were to be en-
joyed orexereised in another, furthcrthan they could
be in any independent foreign State." * *
"Anl though their mutual wants and necessities
often ind uced them to associate for common purposes
of defense, these confederacies were of a casual and
temporarv nature, and were allowed as an indul-
gence lather thana right. They made several efforts
to procure the establishment of some general super-
intending government over them all, but their own
differences of opinion, as well as the jealousy ol the
Ciown, made these efforts abortive.
Down to the formation of the Constitution
this idea of separateness, distinctness, and
individuality wa3 maintained. The Conti-
nental Congress was simply a deliberative,
advisory body. Its acts were in the form of
resolutions, and not in the form of laws. It
recommended, but did not command. The
Declaration of Independence did not change
their relation to each other, but changed each
of them from a dependent colony to an inde-
pendent State, with all the attributes of abso-
lute sovereignty. In the earlier treaties with
foreign Powers their distinct, sovereignty is
recognized in their enumeration by name. So
in the provisional articles with Great Britain,
in 1782. bv which our independence was ac-
knowledged, the first article declares that ■
" IlisBritannic Majesty acknowledges tho s iid Uni-
ted States, to wit, New Hampshire, Massachusetts
Bay. Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Cori-
necticut, New York, New jrersey P®B$sylv&iu&, Bel-
