1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8039
to vote for Governor of the State; how many-
are authorized to vote for Lieutenant Governor;
who are authorized to vote for members of the
State Legislature; who for electors of Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States ;
who for the judicial officers of the State; and
so on to the end of the category. Without this
exact information to he furnished from the
State, it will be readily perceived that it will
be impossible to fix and settle the ratio of rep-
resentation which the State shall be entitled to.
No one class of the voters for these several
classes of public officers is to be held as the
standard and test for the number of persons in
that State to be included in the count in the
formation of the basis of representation. It
appears to me that it introduces a rule which
is so uncertain, so difficult of practical appli-
cation, as not only greatly to increase the ex-
penses of ascertaining the basis of representa-
tion by Congress in procuring the necessary
information, but in many cases the returns
must be so inaccurate and unreliable as to be
next to worthless.
As 1 said before, I do not wish to consume
the time of the Senate, but it is at once to be
perceived that if this rule shall bo adopted, its
operations will be felt in every election of a
justice of the peace, in every municipal cor-
poration of the United States, where, by the
municipal law of the place, a justice of the
peace is to be elected.; for a justice of the
peace is a judicial officer in precisely the same
sense that the Chief Justice of the United
States is such. We know very well that the
States retain the power, which they have always
possessed, of regulating the right of suffrage
in the States. It is the theory of the Consti-
tution itself. That right has never been taken
from them; no endeavor has ever been made
to take it from them; and the theory of this
whole, amendment is, to leave the power of
regulating the suffrage with the people or Le-
gislatures of the States, and not to assume to
regulate it by any clause of the Constitution
of the United States.
One class of qualifications may by a State be
made necessary in the election of a Governor;
another set in the election of the members of
the Senate in that Slate ; another in the elec-
tion of members of the most numerous branch
of the Legislature; another set of qualifications
may be required by the State in the election
of its several judicial officers ; another in the
election of electors of President and Vice Pres-
ident of the United States ; and so on to the
end of the chapter. It is a system which must
necessarily vary as the laws and constitutions
of the States vary; and a system which, there-
fore, must necessaiily lead to great difficulty
in its practical opeiations and results, and in
many eases be almost entirely worthless for
want of the necessary exact information which
Congress should acquire and use in fixing the
basis. A class of voters may be excluded
from voting for a justice of the supreme
court in their State who may, within their
municipal limits, be allowed to vote for justices
of the peace. This amendment would exclude
from the count, all those voters, citizens of the
State, who were not permitted to vote for a
justice of the supreme court; and there is no
telling how far this may extend, or where these
disabilities may lead, and what the ultimate
results may be. I far prefer some simple
standard; and if it be in order I beg to submit
to the Senate, as the result of the best consider-
ation I have been able to bestow, a simple
amendment to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Oregon. My amendment will i
refer to his printed amendment offered yester-
day. If it shall be adopted the whole section
will read thus; arid I desire the attention of
the Senate for a moment to the text of the
amendment if it shall be adopted, as I propose
to amend it:
Representatives shall bo apportioned among the
several States according to their respectivennmbers,
counting the whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed. But whenever the
right to vote at any election held under the consti-
tution and laws of anyStato formembers of the most
numerous branch of its Legislature is denied to any
male inhabitant of such State, being twenty-one
years of age and a citizen of the United States, ex-
cept for participation m rebellion or other crime,
the basis of representation therein shall bo leduccd
in the proportion which the number of such male
citizens shall bear to the whole number of malo citi-
zens twenty-one years of age in such State.
This will leave the simple test to be the qual-
ifications of a voter for members «f the most
numerous branch of the Legislature of the
State; and it has no connection with any
Other State officer.
Now, sir, let me say one word more. By
the Constitution of the United States those
persons in a State who are privileged to vote
for members of the most numerous branch of
its Legislature are the persons authorized to
elect members of the Congress of the United
States. The rule is invariable throughout the
States. Why not introduce into this amend-
ment this ancient, simple, invariable, and
easily working test, instead of the variable
and shifting qualifications embraced in the
amendment of the honorable Senator from
Oregon?
I propose also to strike out the words " or
in anyway abridged'' in the eighth line of
the printed amendment. I do not know, and
I have not yet been able to find any gentleman
who did know, what an abridgment of the
right to vote really is. It strikes me it is a !
misapplication of terms. The right to vote j
is a unit. It is indivisible, as indivisible as J
a mathematical point, and as incapable of j
abridgment. If a man possesses the right [
to vote, he possesses it in its entirety, if lie j
does not possess it, he does not possess it
either conditionally, qualifiedly, or at all. He
must possess it,wholly or not at all. I am not
able to see how this right can be abridged. It
seems to me this language is introducing con-
fusion and uncertainly into our constitutional
amendment. It is an invitation to raise ques- !
tions of construction, and it will be followed,
in my humble judgment, and as I fear, with an
unending train of disputations in courts of
justice and elsewhere, and there is no possi-
bility of foreseeing what in the end will be the
decision of the Supreme Court as to the mean-
ing of the language "orin any way abridged."
To me it is incomprehensible'. I felt it a duty
due to myself thus to express my objections to
the amendment of the Senator from Oregon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan proposes two amendments to
the amendment submitted by the Senator from
Oregon. The first amendment will be read.
The Secretary read tho amendment, which
was to strike out in the fourth line of the amend-
ment, after tho word " taxed" the words—
But when the right to vote at any election for the
choice of electors lor President and Vice President
of the United States, Representatives in Congress,
the execute e and judicial otlicers of a State, or the
membeisof' the Legislature thcicof—
And to insert in lien thereof:
Butwhenever the right to vote at anv eloctionlield
under the constitution and laws ot any State tor mem-
bers of the most numerous branch oi its Legislature.
So that the amendment, if amended, will
read :
Representatives shall lie apportioned among the
several States according to their respective numbeis,
counting the whole number ot persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed. Butwhencvertheright
to vote at any election held under the constitution
and laws of any State for members of the most
numerous branch of its Legislature is denied to any
ot the male inhabitants of such State, ii'c.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is not my purpose
to delay the vote but a moment. 1 have de-
sired to accommodate the Senator who wishes
to leave, and" shall not be in the way of that
result, but it is my duty to call the attention
of the Senator from Michigan to the language
of the first section. He says that the word
"abridged" as found in tho second section in
its connection with the right of suffrage, is of
such uncertain meaning that it ought not to be
used in the Constitution; that it would carry
eases into the courts ; and therefore tho word
ought not to be used. Now, I find tho same
word used in the first section of this article,
and in a very important connection, if possi-
ble in a more important connection than that
in which it is found in the second section:
No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abudgc the pnvilcgcs or immunities of citizens
of the United States.
If the chairman—I was going to say the
chairman of the caucus, but 1 will not say that
—if the distinguished Senator who has this
measure now in charge says to tho Senate that
the word "abridged," in its connection with
the rightof suffrage, is of such uncertain mean-
ing that it should not be used in the Constitu-
tion in that connection, is it proper that that
word shall be used in the first section in rela-
tion to tho rights and privileges and immuni-
ties of citizens?
Mr. HOWARD. I think so, undoubtedly ;
because it is easy to apply the term ''abridged "
to the privileges and immunities of citizens,
which necessarily include within themselves
a great number of particulars. They are not
a unit, an indivisible unit, like the right to
vote.
Mr. COAVAN. I should like to make the
inquiry again, how the abridgment or the ex-
tent of the abridgment is to be determined
in the several States where it is abridged for
non-payment of taxes, or abridged for 11011-
residcnce and all that kind of thing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The language of tho
first section would be identical with the sec-
ond if it were "denied or abridged." Now
the Senator says he cannot understand what
it means when wo speak of "abridging" the
right of suffrage. Then I ask what it means
when we speak of " abridging" the rights and
immunities of citizenship. It is a little diffi-
cult to say, and I have not heard any Senator
accurately define, what are tho rights and im-
munities of citizenship; and I do not know
that any statesman has very accurately defined
them; but even in reference to that, which of
itself is not very certain but to some extent
vague, a word is now used, as the Senator
says, of uncertain legal meaning. He is will-
ing that wo shall say " abridge" the rights and
immunities of citizens, but not willing that we
shall use the word " abridge" the rightof suf-
frage. Of course, tho abridgment of the right
of suffrage does not apply to the particular
individual when he comes to east his vote, that
he shall cast a part of a vote. It does not
mean that. It must relate to the class that
shall enjoy it. An abridgment of the right of
suffrage must relate to the class to which it
applies or extends.
Mr. President, my purpose in calling atten-
tion to this is to say that this proceeding by
the amendment of the Constitution is not so
safe as it ought to be. What have we wit-
nessed within the last two days? The meas-
ure first came from tho committee of fifteen,
where it was considered for long sessions of
the committee, and brought before us. as it
was claimed, in a very perfect state. A little
discussion showed that it would not stand the
test. Senators were opposed to this and that
of the different propositions. Then it went to
a peculiar assembly, and was considered there.
It comes back, and even the Senator who
brings in the report is now dissatisfied. The
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Shehmax] yesterday
admitted that he was dissatisfied; that it was
not what ho desired. The Senator fiom Illi-
nois, [Mr. Yates,] so very able and eloquent
to-day, says it is not what it ought to be; and
1 desire to say, in explanation, that the criti-
cism that I made yesterday 011 the position of
tho Senator from'Ohio does not apply to the
Senator from Illinois. The Senator from Illi-
nois did not understand the logical force of the
point which I made. I did not say that when
a proposition is before a body, if an amend-
ment is offered to that, proposition, and you
lose your amendment, therefore you must ne-
cessarily vote against the original proposition
because you cannot get the best that you think
might bo done. My point upon the Senator
from Ohio was this, that the original proposi-
tion being here, and an amendment offered by
the Senator from Wisconsin, the Senator from
