4000
mi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
here I may or may not desire to propound to
her certain other questions, to know whether
she has a constituency that we can recognize,
which is a question lying back of all this that
we are considering, and vastly more important
than any of the facts indicated in the resolu-
tion which comcs from the House.
Without arguing this proposition. I think it
clear on principle that it you are to have a pre-
amble, you must go for that wliicli is most
ample, most complete, most entire, and which
embodies the reasons for the legislative act.
For that reason I am in favor and shall vote
for the amendment proposed by the Judiciary
Committee because it embraces the great his-
torical facts on which we legislate. It recites
that this State once by the act of Congress was
declared to have no relations whatever with the
Governmentand having established that great
fact, it then declares that her people by permis-
sion of the Government established a consti-
tution, and the further fact that having estab-
lished a constitution the people of Tennessee
organized a government and elected a Gov-
ernor, and thefurtherfact thatthcy have ratified
the amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and therefore put themselves in har-
mony with Congress.
Now, not to repeat myself, I say I rose sim-
ply to remark that upon the question of a pre-
amble I am in favor of the amplest or none;
and as that from the Judiciary Committee is
most full and ample I vote for that and will
reserve myself upon the question of the adop-
tion of a preamble at all. If that amendment
should be adopted, then whether I prefer that
preamble or none is a point upon which I do
not desire to be committed at this moment.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is upon agreeing to the amendment as
amended.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that this
question is on substituting the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois for the House pre-
amble.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; that is the
question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Creswell, Fes-
senden, Hams, Howard, Morrill* Nye,Poland, Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—If).
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Clark, Cowan,
Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Foster, Grimes, Hender-
son, llendricks, Howe, Johnson, Lane, Morgan, Nes-
mith, Norton, Riddle, Sherman, Van Winkle, Wil-
]ey, and Williams—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Conness, Cragin, Dixon. Guth-
rie, Kirkwood, McDougall, Saulsbury, Stewart,
Wright, and Yates—10.
So the amendment, as amended, was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope that the joint resolu-
tion will be reported to the Senate, and that we
shall take the vote on concurring in the amend-
ment made to the resolution itself, and upon
that question I shall ask for a separate vote.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ The resolu-
tion is still before the Senate, as in Committee
of the Whole, and open to amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 offer this amendment to
come in at the end of the resolution :
Provided, That this shall not take effect except
upon the fundamental condition that within the
State there shall be no denial of the electoral fran-
ehiso, or of any other rights, on account of color
or race, but all persons shall be equal before the
law; and the Legislature of the State, by a solemn
public act, shall declare the assent of the State to
this fundamental condition, and shall transmit to the
President of the United States an authentic copy of
such assent whenever the same shall be adopted,
upon the prompt receipt whereof he shall, by proc-
lamation, announce the fact, whereupon, without
any further proceedings on the part of Congress, this
joint resolution shall take effect.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is that amendment in
order now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 4, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Pomeroy, Sumner, and
w ado—4.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler,
Clark, Cowan,,Creswell, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds,
Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane,
Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Norton, Poland, Ramsey,
Riddle, Sherman, Sprtwtue, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wiliey, Williams, and Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Conness, Cragin, Dixon, Guth-
rie, McDougall, Nye, Saulsbury, Stewart, W right, and
Yates—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question now arises,
as I understand, upon the preamble to the
House resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question of that kind before the Senate now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. A motion to strike out
the preamble is not required, as I understand,
but the preamble must be positively adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON. You can amend it or move
to strike it out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But is it necessary to
move to strike it out? Must not the vote of
the Senate be taken on the preamble itself?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question arising on the preamble now. If the
Senator desires to strike it out he can make a
motion to that effect. The preamble is to be
treated as a part of the resolution. The reso-"
lution proper comes up first, and afterward the
preamble. We have considered the resolution,
and are now considering the preamble.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What I wish to inquire
is, whether it is necessary to take a vote of the
Senate upon the preamble.
Several Sekatous. Move to strike it out.
, Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not desire to move
to strike it out if the question necessarily comes
before the Senate on the adoption of the pre-
amble. Is not that the case? ["Oh, no."]
Then I move to strike out the preamble of the
House resolution.
Mr. COWAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary read "the preamble proposed
to be stricken out, as follows:
Whereas the State of Tennessee has in good faith
ratified the article of amendment to the Constitution
of the United States proposed by the Thirty-Ninth
Congress to the Legislatures of the several States,
and has also shown to the satisfaction of Congress,
by a proper spirit of obedience in the body of her
people, her return to her duo allegiance to the Gov-
ernment, laws, and authority of the United States:
Therefore.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall vote to strike out
this preamble. I think we had better have no
preamble unless we have one that is full. The
Senate has decided not to have one that is full
or fuller, and this is imperfect. I think we
had better strike it out, and then I shall be
willing to adopt the House resolution pretty
much as it stands without any preamble. The
preamble as it is contains a committal, in my
judgment, on the part of Congress to recognize
any State government which shall adopt the
constitutional amendment, and I think there is
no necessity for committing ourselves in that
way. I have great doubt about the propriety
of a preamble at any rate; and I think it would
be better to strike it out.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 11; as follows:
Y E AS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Fos-
ter, Gnt.hrie, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson,
Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Norton, Poland, Pome-
roy, Ramsey, Riddle. Sumner, Trumbull, Van Win-
kle, Wiliey, Wilson, and Yates-29.
N AYS—Messrs. Chandler, Creswell, Grimes, Harris,
Howard, Kirkwood, Lane, Sherman, Sprague, Wade,
and Williams—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Conness, Cragin, Dixon, Mc-
Dougall, Nye, Saulsbury, Stewart, and Wright—8.
So the motion to strike out the preamble was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I should like to have
the resolution read just as it stands.
The Secretary read as follows :
Be it resolved, &e.. That the United States do hereby
recognize the present government of the Stateof Ten-
nessee as the legitimate government of said State,
entitled to all therightsof a State government under
the Constitution of the United States.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole. The first ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee instead of
the House resolution.
Mr. WILSON. On that question I desire
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope on reflection that
the Senate will not concur with the committee
in adopting this amendment. On comparing
it with the original resolution as it came from
the House I am satisfied that the House reso-
lution is much to be preferred ; it contains ideas
and implications plainly which exist in point
of fact, and goes directly to the distinct prop-
osition, for that reason, of admitting its rep-
sentatives ; and therefore, on reflection, it ap-
pears to me, although I voted for the amend-
ment in committee, that it is better to adopt
the House resolution as it stands. I shall vote,
therefore, against concurring in the action of
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The expression of the
Senate being against any preamble, I like the
House resolution, or a portion of the House
resolution, better than I do that reported by
the committee, and which has been adopted in
Committee of the Whole. The report of the
Committee on the Judiciary was both a pre-
amble and a resolution, and if nothing is to be
adopted but a simple resolution without any
preamble, I incline to think that the better
course will be to adopt a part of the House res-
olution. I am not for adopting the whole of it,
and shall move at the proper time to strike out
a portion of it. The latter part of the House
resolution I hope the Senate will strike out
when the proper time comes.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only question is upon
concurring in the amendment adopted in com-
mittee as a substitute for the House resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Guthrie,
Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Nesmith, Norton, Po-
land, and Riddle—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown. Buckalew. Chan-
dler, Clark, Creswell, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster,
Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Kirkwood, Lane,
Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, Wiliey, Williams, Wilson, and Yotes—31.
ABSENT — Messrs. Conness, Cragin, Dixon, Mc-
Dougall, Saulsbury, and Wright—6.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, striking
out the preamble to the House resolution.
The amendment was concurred in.
The resolution,
as follows:
thus amended, was read,
Be it resolved, <&c., That the State of Tennessee is
hereby restored to her former proper, practical rela-
tions to the Union, and is again entitled to be repre-
sented by Senators and Representatives in Congress,
duly elected and qualified, upon their taking the oaths
of office required by existing laws.
Mr._ TRUMBULL. I move to strike out of
the joint resolution all after the word '' Union"
in the fourth line, being the words "and is
again entitled to be represented by Senators
and Representatives m Congress duly elected
and qualified, upon their taking the oaths of
office required by existing laws.''
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the part
proposed to be stricken out, by striking out
simply all after the fifth line, namely, the words,
" duly elected and qualified, upon their taking
the oaths of office required by existing laws."
I think these words are superfluous.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I h ve two objections
to this part of the resolution which I propose
to strike out. The first is that it ia wholly un-
necessary. If the State of Tennessee is "re-
stored to her former proper, practical relations
to the Union," the right of representation is
one of the rights belonging to her, and it is
unnecessary to reiterate it, and therefore this
language is objectionable in that respect.
But there, is another objection, ..ami I wish
Senators would turn their attention to it for a
