2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
aware, Maryland, Virginia, >iorth Carolina, bouth
Carolina, and Georgia- to bo Tree, sovereign, and
independent States: that he treats with them as
such," &c.
xlnd further, from Lawrence's Wheaton,
pages 36 and 37:
"Sovereignty is acquired by a State, either at the
origin of the civil society of whieh it is composed, or
when it seyai ates itself from the community of which
it previously' formed a part, and on which it was
dependent."
Thus tlie internal sovereignty of the United
States of America was complete from the time
they declared themselves " free sovereign and
independent States," on the 4th of July, 1770.
It was upon this principle that the Supreme
Court determined, in 1808—
"That the several States comprising the Union,
po far as regards their municipal regulations, be-
came entuled, from the time when they declared
themselves independent, to all the rights and powers
of sovereign States, and that they did not derive
them from concessions made by the British King.
The treaty of peace of 1782 contained a recognition
of their independence, not a grant of it."
Now. what are the powers of an independ-
ent sovereign State ? The very statement of
the question suggests its own answer. As to
external sovereignty we are not inquiring; but
in (he exercise of internal sovereignty a. State
must, necessarily find no other limitation upon
its power than its own will. I will not stop j
now to enumerate the great variety of these
powers, but as to a single point will read again
from Wheaton, page 132:
" Every State, as a distinct moral being, independ-
ent of every other, may ireely exercise all its sov-
ereign rights in any mannernot inconsistent with the
equal rights of other States. Among these is that
of establishing, altering, or abolishing its own muni-
cipal form of government."
The colonies, then, became "free, sover-
eign, and independent States/' and formed
with each other a ''firm league,'1 by the Arti-
cles of Confederation, the second of which
reads thus, namely:
"Aut. 2. Each State retains its sovereignty, free-
dom. and independence, and every power, jui isdic-
tion, and right whieh is not by this Confederation
cxprec?3y delegated to the United States in Congress
assembled."
The great variety of interests that were in-
volved. as well as local prejudices and jeal-
ousies, notwithstanding the necessity of union
for the common defense, made it difficult for
the Congress to agree upon these articles, and
they were not finally ratified until 1781, four
years after they had been agreed upon by the
Delegates in Congress.
Upon the establishment of peace and the
achievement of their independence, having no
longer the motive of a common danger in-
ducing them to continue to acquiesce in the
exercise by the Confederation of uugranted
power, the defects of their Government became
manifest. Then it was that, with hearts burst-
ing with love and trembling with fear for the
future safety of that precious boon, liberty and
independence, whieh they had acquired, these
unselfish patriots applied themselves to the task
of remedying its defects. Their object was to
form a Government which should possess all
the power and energy necessary to constitute
a national Government, and yet reserve to the
several States the control of their own municipal
affairs. Difficult as this task was, we all know
how successfully it was accomplished. We can
but imperfectly know how great were the diffi-
culties, how various and conflicting the in-
terests, how strong the jealousies, and how
opposing the views of the members of the Con-
vention^ In the words of James Madison,
Federalist, No. 87:
" The real wonder is that so many difficulties should
have been surmounted, and surmounted with a una-
nimity almost as unprecedented as it must have been
unexpected. It is impossible for any man of candor
to retleet on this circumstance without partaking of
the astonishment. It is impossible for the man of
p:oiu iElection not to perceive in it the finger of
th;jt Almighty Hand which had been so frequently
ii j J .-i-rually extended to our relief in the critical
btajre oi the Revolution."
Tin: result of this deliberation was that Con-
stitution under which we have lived so long,
and tn the peculiar character of which we
greatly owe all that we have accomplished as
a people and as a nation.
It is not for me to eulogize their work, nor
■does this House need to be instructed in the
nature of our Government. But I desire to
present in contrast the Government as our
fathers made it, and that Government, as gen-
tlemen would have it could they succeed in the
adoption of the proposed amendment, to say
nothing of the long series of amendments and
legislative enactments of a kindred nature that
have been introduced.
Our Constitution having been framed and
adopted by "free, sovereign, and independent
States," bears upon its face marks of concili-
ation, concession, and compromise, without
whieh it would inevitably have failed. The
Government created by it is of a mixed char-
acter, partly national and partly Federal. Its
powers are delegated powers. Being the creat-
ure of the States, it possesses, and can right-
fully exert no power with which it was not
clothed at the time of its creation, or whieh it
has not since lawfully received.
It follows necessarily that all other powers
" are reserved to the States respectively, or to
the people." . But to exclude any other inter-
pretation, the tenth article of the amendments
was adopted. The Government having been
formed for national purposes, as the common
agent of all the States, received all the power
necessary for these purposes, while the States
retained the exclusive control of their own
municipal affairs. Our Constitution derives its
chief excellence, and the Government the more
strength, from the spirit, of conciliation and
compromise which animated its framers. It
possesses a power of adaptation to all the
various stages of our progress which it could
not have had it been framed according to the
idea of some rigid theorist instead of being
shaped and molded according to the require-
ments of the several States, until it presented
a system of government without a model in
the world. It cannot be judged by any tech-
nical rule. To illustrate and sustain the
views I have expressed, the truth of which I
have no doubt is conceded, I will read a few
extracts from the Writings of James Madison,
volume four, page 61:
"It has been too much the case in expounding the
Constitution of the United States that its meaning
has been sought, not in its peculiar and unprece-
dented modifications of power, but by viewing it,
some through the medium of a simple Government,
others through thatof amereleagueof Governments.
It i« neither one nor the other, but essentially differ-
ent from botlK It must, consequently, be its own
interpreter. No other Government can furnish a
key to its true character. OtherGovernments present
an individual and indivisible sovereign tv. The Con-
stitution of the United States divides the sovereignty:
the portions surrenderedbytheStates eomposingthe
Federal sovereignty over specified subjects ; the por-
tions retained forming'the sovereignty of eaeh over,
the residuary subjects within its sphere."
The same, page 420 :
" The more the political system of the United States
is fairly examined the more necessary it will be lound
to abandon the abstract and technical modes of ex-
pounding and designating its character; and to view
it as laid down in the charter whieh constitutes it, as
a system hitherto without a model, as neither a sim-
ple nor a consolidated Government, nor a Govern-
ment altogether confederate, and therefore not to
bo explained so as to make it either, but to be ex-
plained and designated according to the actual divis-
ion and distribution of political power on the face of
the instrument.
"A just inference from a survey of this political
system is. that it is a division and rli?fribu!ion of
political power nowhere elso to be tound; a non-
descript, to be tested and explained by itself alone;
and that it happily illustrates the diversiiied modifi-
cations of whieh tin? representative principle of re-
publicanism is susceptible, with a view to the condi-
tions, opinions, andhabitsofparticular communities."
And again the same writer in the Federalist,
No. 45. says;
"The powers delegated by the proposed Constitu-
tion tothe Federal Government are few and defined.
Those which are to remain in the State governments
are numerous and indefinite. The former will be ex-
ercised principally on external objects,  war, peace,
negotiation, and loreign commerce; with whieh last
the power of taxation will, for the most part, bo con-
nected. Tue powers reserved to the several States
will extend to all ihe objects which, in the ordinary
course of affairs, concern the live-', liberties, and prop-
ertiesof the people, and the internal order, improve-
ment, and prospeuty of the State."
Thus we possess a system of government,
which, to a foreign obsoqjer, may appear arti-
ficial and complex, but which to us, who are
furnished with the key, is simple in the extreme.
That key is the jealousy which has been appa-
rent through all our history, for the right of
each State to control its own domestic affairs,
and the firmness with which that right baa
always been maintained.
From all these various conflicting causes har-
mony lr.-s been evoked; and the most perfect
equilibrium is presented to our view in the
equal distribution of the Federal powers, in
the limitation upon State and Federal power,
and the line that is drawn between them ; like
that huge mass of rock which nature has so
nicely poised that a child's hand can disturb
its balance, but a giant's strength could not
move it from its base.
That nicely adjusted balancc is now, by this
amendment, to be permanently overthrown.
The line of demarkation between State and
Federal power, which has been already too
much obscured by the great latitude of con-
struction given of late to the several grants of
power, is now to be entirely obliterated. The
barriers erected by the Constitution to protect
the States in the absolute control of their mu-
nicipal affairs are now to be thrown down for
the Federal Government to enter this wide
domain, to roam at will, and bring prostrate
at the feet of Federal power the most inestima-
ble and mo« fondly cherished of all civil or
political rights. That instrument, framed with
sueu affectionate solicitude by the great and
good men of the devolution, who were actu-
ated by nothing but devotion to the common
good, is now to be changed to gratify a savage
sectional hate and an inordinate lust for power.
Its beauty has already been sadly marred ; and
it bears upon its face the recently inflicted blow
of sectionalism; but this amendment will com-
pletely subvert our present system of Govern-
ment, and is a long stride toward ultimate
consolidation. That I am just in thus charac-
terizing it, a brief examination of its provisions
will show. It reads as follows :
Article —. The Congress shall have power to
make all lawswhich shall be necessary and proper to
secure to the citizens of each State all privileges and
immunities of citizens in the several States, and to
all persons in the several States equal protection in
the rights of iiic, liberty, and property.
The employment here, in the first clause of
this amendment, of the identical language con-
tain in article four, section two, of the Consti-
tution, seems like an attempt, to force upon it
a construction that has always been denied by-
judicial authorities and commentators upon the
Constitution; and its use here, in connection
with the remaining clause, can only be intended
to enlarge its signification without being suffi-
ciently explicit to make its meaning undis-
puted.
The full force of that section, namely—
"The citizens ot each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and iiair.aiiities of citizcns of the tcvcial
States''—
was most ably explained and illustrated by the
honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Ivekk, j
in his speech upon what is known as the civil
rights bill, and lie sustained his position by a
full array of authorities. I will not detain ihe
House with any further remarks upon this
■point, except to say, that in my opinion, and as
far as I have been able to gather from author-
ities, this section was only intended to relieve
the citizens of each State from the disabilities
of aliens when removing to, or sojourning in,
the several States.
But as the case of Abbott ns. Bayley, f> Pick.,
02, 93, expresses so fully all I would say upon
this subject, and is always cited as an interpre-
tation of this clause, I will give it somewhat
at large;
" The jurisdictions of the several States as such aro
distinct, and in most respects foreign. ,The Consti-
tution of theUnited Slates makes the people of the
United States subjects of one Government, quoad
everything within the national power and jurisdic-
tion, but leaves them subjects of separate and o;s-
tinci '.coveinmonK The privileges and immunities
| se-nred to the people of ene.li State in every other
i State, can be applied only in case of removal lrora
I one State into another. By sueh removal they be-
j come citizens of the adopted State without natural-
ization, and have a right to sue and be sued aseiti-
' zens; and yet this privilege is Qualified and not
