mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Ohio said in his place that the amendment was
the hotter of the two propositions, but he was
going to vote against an amendment which
was better than the original proposition. _ That
is the very reverse of the position occupied by
the Senator from Illinois. 1 acknowledge that
the position of the Senator from Illinois is
a very correct one. 1 do not ehoosc to vote
against a measure simply because an amend-
ment which I think would improve it is de-
feated, if the original measure commands my
judgment.
Now, sir, this measure, which I believe can
accomplish no good for the country, is con-
demned in part by the Senator from Ohio, in
part by the Senator from Illinois, in part by
the Senator who now proposes an amendment;
but all three of these Senators say they will
vote for it, not that it is right, but that it is
the best they can get under the circumstances.
I do not expect the judgment of each man to
be perfectly satisfied with every proposition;
but, sir, the Constitution ought not to be
amended for the purpose of making a plat-
form for a political campaign. The Constitu-
tion of the country ought to be amended that
it shall be the permanent fundamental law of
th6 country. The embarrassment here is, not
that it is difficult (o define such general propo-
sitions as ought to find their way into the Con-
stitution, but the difficulty in the phraseology
here is to include this, and to exclude that, to
leave general propositions, to leave a princi-
ple, and to fix up a thing for a particular pur-
pose. When the Senator from Michigan says
that the southern negroes ought not to be
counted if they are regarded as unfit to be
voters, I understand that proposition; but
when he turns around and says that the peo-
ple, of Missouri, who are decreed by the rest
of the people of that State as unfit to be voters,
shall be represented, 1 do nol understand such
a proposition; and where you undertake to
express opposile thoughts m the same sen-
tence you lind difficulty ol'pln-aseoiogy. If you
will say in plain words that nobody shall be
represented in Congress who is not recognized
by the State as a voter, I understand it; but
when you say that a man in the Slate of Georgia
shall not be represented because the people of
Georgia count him unfit to be a voter, and in
the State of Missouri, a man, ^ho is counted
as unlit to be a voter, shall be represented
there, I do not understand tin; principle.
When you have to fix up a Constitution to
include some things and exclude others, for
partisan purposes, you do find difficulties of
phraseology. It cannot be made easy. The
difficulty is in the thought, not in the use of
the English language ; and that is tlie very dif-
ficulty that we have in this ease. TIow do
you want to !' abridge" the right of siiilrageV
\Vhat is meant by it? What is meant by
"abridging" the rights and immunities of
citizens? Wc do not know, the Senator from
Michigan says. Why shall we allow repre-
sentation to a non-voter in one State, and dis-
allow it in another, upon principle? You say
that the negro in Georgia, because he is not.
allowed to be a voter by the people of Georgia,
shall not be represented, and you say that the
criminals, because they are criminals, in Mis-
souri, excluded from the right of voting, shall
be represented. Where is the principle and
the right of it ?
Sir, this thing will be discussed befoie the
people. Although it is clothed in doubtful
sentences, it will come to be understood. 1
believe the people of this country are just; and
I do not think the people of this country will
say that the voter in Missouri ought to repre-
sent two men, when the voter in another State
is denied that. But, sir, my purpose was sim-
ply to suggest to the distinguished Senator from
Michigan ihatthe same doubtful word was used
in the first section that he objects to in the
second.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan to the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that the question
may be divided, so that the vote on striking
out the words "'or in any way abridged" may
be taken separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ That is a
separate amendment. The question now is
on the first amendment offered by the Senator
from Michigan to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Oregon.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the sccond amendment offered
by the Senator from Michigan to the amend-
ment made by the Senator from Oregon, which
is in line eight of the amendment to strike out
the words "or in any way abridge."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK., I now move the amendment
which 1 have heretofore offered striking out
the fourth and fifth sections of the resolution
and inserting a substitute: and I desire to
modify the substitute by striking out the word
"forever," in the last line, which docs not add
anything to its force.
The Secretary read the proposed substitute
for the fourth and fifth sections, as follows;
Sue. —. The validity of the public debt of tho Uni-
ted States, authorized byJnw, including debts in-
curved fur payment of pensions and bounties lor ser-
vices in suppressing insurrection or rebellion, shn!i
not be questioned. But neither the United States
nor any ,State shall assume or pay any debt orobli-
fsation incurred in aid of insurrection or rebellion
aprainst the United States, or any claim for tlic lots
or emancipation of any slave; but all such debts,
obligations, and claims shall bo held illegal and void.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not understand that
this changes at all the effect of the fourth and
fifth sections. Tho result is the same.
Mr. CLARK. The result is the same.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to insert in the
first section, by general consent, after the word
"born," the words " or naturalized;" so that
the clause will read;
All persons born or naturalized in the United States
and subject to tho juiisdiction theieof, ale cttizen.s
of the United States ami of tho .State wherein they
reside.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. 1)00 LITTLE. I now offer the amend-
ment which 1 gave notice of, the effect of which
is to submit these several-sections as so many
separate articles, any one of which may be
adopted or rejected by the States. I move to
strike out all after the enacting clause of the
resolution and to insert the following:
That the following articles be proposed to theLegis-
latu-is of the several States as amendments, to the
Constitution of tho United States, which, or either
of which, when ratified by three fourths of said Legis-
latures, shall bo valid as part of the Constitution,
namely:
Article —. Atl persons born in tlio United States,
and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens
oi the United States and of tho State wherein they
reside. Jio State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of tho United States: nor shall any State deprive any
pei>on of life, liberty, or property, without due pro-
ec^s of law, nor deny to any person within its juris-
diction the eqijal protection of the laws.
AurtCLK —. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States which may be included
within the Union according to their respective num-
bers, counting tho whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed. -But whenever,
in any State, the elective franchise shall be denied
to any portion of its male inhabitants, being citizens
of the United States, not less than twenty-one years
of age, or in any way abiidged, except for participa-
tion in rebellion or other crime, the basis of repre-
sentation in such State shall be reduced in tho pro-
portion which the number of such male citizens shall
bear to tho whole number of male citizens not loss
than twenty one years of ago in such State.
Article— . Noperson shall beaSenatoror Repre-
sentative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice, President, or hold any office, civil or military,
under the United States, or under any State, who,
having previously taken an oath, as a member of
Congress, or as an ofliccr of the United States, or as
a member of any State Legislature, or as an executive
or judicial officer of any State, to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, shall have engaged in
insurrection or rebellion against the same, or given
aid or comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
may, by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
such disability.
Article —. The obligations of the United States,
incurred in suppressing insurrection, or in defense of
the Union, or for payment of bounties or pensions
incident thereto, shall remain inviolate.
Article —. Neither th eUnited States nor any State
shall assume or pay any debt or obligation incurred
in aicl of insurrection or rebellion against the United
States, or any elaim on account of the loss or eman-
cipation ofanyslave; but all such debts, obligations,
and claims, shall be forever held illegal and void.
Article —. The Congress shall have power to en-
force, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of
these articles.
I shall not make any speech on this subject.
I simply state the fact that this is in accordance
with the precedents. Tho first amendments to
the Constitution submitted to the States were
twelve in number, and they were submitted as
separate articles. Ten of them were adopted ;
two of them were rejected by the States. All
the other" amendments that have ever been
submitted have been submitted as separate
articles.
Mr. JOIINSON. And the language was the
same, " or cither of them."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not the acts be-
fore me, but that is so. The reason is obvious.
In all legislation a single member has the right
to demand a vote on every single proposition ;
and as these distinct propositions are to be sub-
mitted to the Legislatures of the several States,
they ought to bo submitted in such a way that
they may ratif3r or reject either of the proposi-
tions. Now, they are entirely distinct from
each other ; the first defining citizenship ; the
sccond on the subject of representation ; tho
third in relation to disfranchisement; and, as
I amended, the fourth and fifth sections are
combined in one, having reference to the pub-
lic debt and the rebel debt. They arejill dis-
tinct, independent propositions. They ought
not to be submitted in such a way that they must
all be accepted or all rejected by tho States, but
the States should bo permitted to act upon each
of them separately. I will not take up the time
of the Senate in discussion, because I know the
desire is to vole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment sub-
mitted a year ago was in two sections ; so that
this is not without precedent.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The last section was
simply to enforce the first.
Mr. JOHNSON. They were not discon-
nected at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I merely mention this
to correct the statement of the Senator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was substantially the
same, and gave no other power but to enforce
the first; that is all.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. JOHNSON. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 38 ; as follows ;
YEAS — Messrs. Oownn, Davis, Doolittle, Gnthrie,
Hendricks, Johnson, MeDougail, Norton, Itiddle,
Saulsbury, and Van Winkle—11.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ncss, Cra&in, Creswcll, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster,
Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirk-
wood. Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
Morrill, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey,
Williams, Wilson, and Yates—o3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Dixon, Nes-
mith, and Wright—5.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the third section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the third section being an
amendment agreed to in committee, it is not
in order to amend it now, but it will be in or-
der when the joint resolution shall be reported
to the Senate.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended.
# The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion is now open to further amendment.
