1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2081
absolute, for they cannot enjoy the right of suffrage
or of eligibility to office, without such term of resi-
dence as shau be prescribed by the constitution and
laws of the Stateinto which the#shallremoye. They
shall have the privileges and immunities of citizens,
that is, they shall not be deemed aliens, but may
take and hold real estate, and may, according to the
laws of such State, eventually enjoy the full rights
of citizenship withoutthenecessity of bemgnatural-
ized. The constitutional provision referred to is
necessarily limited and qualified, for it cannot be
pretendod that a citizen of Rhode Island coming into
this State to live is ipso facto entitled to tho full iuiv 1-
legos of a citizen, if any term of residence is pro-
scribed as preliminary to the exercise of political or
municipal rights. The several States then remain
sovereignto some purposes, and foreign to each other
as before the adoption of the Constitution of the
United States, and especially in regard to the admin-
istration of justice, and in the regulation of property
and estates, tbelawsof marriage and divorce and the
protection of the persons of thoso who live under
their jurisdiction."
Now, assuming this to bo the true meaning
of the clause referred to, why make the Con-
stitution repeat itself, or why empower Con-
gress to pass laws in respect to privileges and
immunities which have never in the light of
this interpretation been denied?
But there can be no mistake in the meaning
or intention of the latter clause. By it Con-
gress is authorized to legislate upon the internal
affairs of the several States, and in so doing,
the only restraint upon its power will be its
own conception of what is 1' necessary and
proper."
The immediate object to be accomplished by
this amendment I will advert to presently; but
let us now consider the propriety of thus rob-
bing the States of their right to regulate their
own domestic affairs, and putting such vast
power in the hands of Congress.
As I have said before, the great excellence
of our Constitution consists in the separation
between State and Federal power, and the
assignment to each of its proper sphere.
While, very properly, the Federal Govern-
ment possesses all the powers necessary for tho
legitimate objects of its creation, to the States
has been reserved the exclusive control over
all those matters which most deeply affect our
welfare and happiness as social beings. To
the States alone do we look for "protection in
the rights of life, liberty, and property." The
greatness of the whole is but the sum of the
greatness of the several parts; and it is beneath
the fostering care of the State government that
the growth and development of each separate
political community lias proceeded, each hav-
ing the power to devise just t-hose measures
best calculated to promote its own interest,
subject only to the Constitution of the United
States. We are dependent upon the State
government in all the relations we sustain in
life. To it and no other do we look for the
administration of justice and the puni^iment
of crime. By it are we shielded and protected
in the quiet enjoyment of our own fireside. It
regulates the transactions of business and trade,
protectsus in theacquisition of property, secures
■us in its enjoyment, and provides for its trans-
mission to our posterity. From the cradle to
the grave there is no right nor privilege essen-
tial to our security and happiness which we do
not derive from our State government, and
which we would not just as well enjoy if the
Federal Government were blotted out of exist-
ence. It is right that this should be so.
It is an axiom, I think, of political science
that the nearer government is brought to
the people the more conducive it is to the
well-being of the governed. So it is much
more likely that the people of a State, as a
distinct political community, should know bet-
ter how to advance their own interests than the
people of another State or the representatives
of other States could know for them, from
whom they might .differ in many important
particulars.
This was originally their right, and they have
reserved it in the Constitution, which forms
our Union. And what is now proposed? We
are seriously asked to pass this amendment,
and invite the States to relinquish their free-
dom and independence and meekly submit to
the interference by Congress in their internal
39tii Coxg. 1st Sess.—No. 131.
order and Government. We are asked to invest
Congress with authority to go peeping and
prying into all tho multitudinous del ails, which
can possibly be embraced under the general
term of "rights of life, liberty, and properly,"
and regulate them by such laws as may be
deemed "necessary and proper." We arc
called upon to erect here the bed of Pro-
crustes, lay the several States upon it, and
torture them into gonformity to its proportions.
While I have the' power to resist, I, for one,
shall never consent to so dangerous an inno-
vation, so complete a subversion of our present
form of Government.
But while the amendment is thus couched
in general terms, and is intended to confcr this
general power, we must not forget that it is
urged for a particular purpose.
Gentlemen have declaimed most eloquently
on the broad principle of equality, fraternity ;
but it is nevertheless apparent that negro equal-
ity is what is meant. Manhood suffrage is a
very pleasant euphemism; but when translated
into negro voting it is not quite so captivating.
"Equality before the law" is quite a high-
sounding phrase, and, as a general principle,
is to be admired; but when you come to apply
it to all tho elements of which our society is
composed, the elfect is rather startling. Let
us substitute the known for the unknown quan-
tity in this article, and then see how it would
read.
The Congress shall have power to make all
laws which shall Jjc necessary and proper to
secure to tho free negroes of each State all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the sev-
eral States, and to free negroes in the several
States equal protection in the rights of life,
liberty, and property.
I am not only opposed to any limitation upon
the power of tho States, but that opposition is
increased, if possible, by the very object which
is sought to be obtained. The very fact that this
amendment would authorize such legislation
as tho "civil rights bill" is an additional rea-
son why it should not bo adopted. All tho
arguments urged against the passage of that
bill apply with still greater force to this; though
gentlemen have not waited until they could
obtain constitutional authority for its passage.
1 certainly think that tho negro should be pro-
tected in his life, liberty, and property, and
believe that he has always enjoyed this pro-
tection, and that at this very moment he stands
in no need whatever of those who have con-
stituted themselves "his especial friends, and
clamor now so loudly for his rights. But I
also contend that in giving that protection, in
conferring rights and privileges, the several
States should continue to exercise, as they do
now, the power of declaring what shall bo their
extent, and by what means they shall be
secured.
The object of government is not to benefit
the individual, but to secure the welfare of the
society over which, by common consent, it is
established. The individual must yield to those
restraints which a community for its own good
sees fit to impose. Likewise, when there is a
class which can be made certain and definite,
it may be treated as an individual, and, if the
peace and good order of society require it, may
become subject to the same restraints and dis-
abilities. Now, the negro race in this country
constitute such a class which-is easily and well
defined; and the peace and welfare of a State,
especially where they are found in great num-
bers, demand that the radical difference be-
tween them and the white race should be recog-
nized by legislation; and every State should
be allowed to remain free and independent in
providing punishments for crime, and other-
wise regulating their internal affairs, so that
they might properly discriminate between them,
as their peace and safety might require.
For the negro is not actuated by the same
motives as £he white man, nor is he deterred
from crime except by punishments adapted to
the brutal, sensual nature which characterizes
him. They are not his true friends who are
striving to thrust him up to the same level
with the whites, when the inevitable result
must be a war of races ; nor are thoy true
lovers of their country's wen!, who for such
an object are willing to strike down tho power
of the States and consolidate the Government
into a centralized despotism.
As it is not likely that such an amendment
as this will be adopted by three fourths of all
the States, and as it has been reported for our
consideration from the commit tee of fifteen on
reconstruction, tho suspicion naturally arises
that tho committee intend that its Adoption by
tho southern States sha.ll be a condition-prece-
dent to their representation in Congress—I will
not say restoration, for peace has long sinco
restored them to the Union, but their Repre-
sentatives arc excluded by the mere exercise
of arbitrary power on tho part of the majority
of this House.
Whether 1 am correct or not in this suspicion,
one thing is certainly true, that so far as legis-
lation for the benefit of the negro is concerned,
under tho authority of this amendment, those
States are chiefly to be all'ectcd by it, _ At
tho risk of being laughed at, 1 vvould ask if it
is fair and honorable to take such a meau
advantage of a fallen foe. They deserve a
better fate at our hands. They met our armies _
in the open field, and resisted with a eourago "
and endurance that compelled our admiration.
Their submission has been as complete as un-
expected. This is a constitutional Government,
however oblivious we nitty be of the fact. The
cause of the war must have been a violation of
tho Constitution and laws. The power to carrj
it on must have been derived from tho Consti-
tution, or it nowhere existed. Whatever may
have been its secret object, on our part, iu legal
contemplation, and according to declarations
at tho time, it could only be to preserve the
Union and enforce obedience to the Constitu- .
tion and laws. This being the only object
known to the Constitution for which the war
was prosecuted, and having succeeded upon our
part, it, follows that tho Constitution and laws .
have been vindicated and the Union preserved;
and the Representatives of southern States have
as perfect a right to their seats hero as any
gentleman on this floor. Their exclusion is
revolutionary. And 1 seriously doubt whether
this amendment if passed by Congress, as at
present constituted, would bo constitutionally
before the States for their adoption. For it
could never have been deemed possible, when
power was given to two thirds of both Houses,
to propose amendments, that a majority would
have the power to exclude or expel a sufficient
number to constitute itself two thirds, and then
pass measures which it is conceded could not
bo passed were all the States entitled repre-
sented here.
But these absent States are more immedi-
ately interested in this question, by reason of
the presence among them of a vast number of
that inferior race whose condition has been so
recently changed by the abolition of slavery.
The negro's idea of freedom is to do nothing
but bask in the sunshine. The negro woman
now disdains to pick cotton, and her present
ambition is to "send her daughter to boarding-
school, and keep a piano." And they are
assisted very much in these mischievous notions
by such legislation as the Freedmen's Bureau
and civil rights bill. With these ideas, they
must, as a class, become idle and improvident,
and a grievous burden upon those States. Al-
ready /io we hear from many sections of Vir-
ginia that farmers despair of raising stock;
that their poultry, pigs, and sheep disappear
in the most mysterious manner. Now, it would'
be most destructive, just at this period of tran-
sition from one state of society to another^ to
fetter the power of the States while adapting
themselves to this changed condition of things,
by appropriate legislation to check their thiev- -
ing propensities, discountenance vagrancy, ana
stimulate them to habits of industry. There is
no reason why the most ardent philanthropist
that this power will be abused, in'
e
need fear that this power
people of the South are honorable and high-
minded. When these creatures were their
