1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3<MA
Mr. DAVIS. I now move to amend the
third section, in line thirty-three, by striking
out the words "or under any State," and in
lines thirty-five and thirty-six by striking out
the words "or as a member of any State Le-
gislature or as an executive or judicial officer
of any State;" so that it will read:
Sec. 3._ That no person shall be a, Senator or Rep-
resentative in Congress, or elector of President and
Vice President, or hold any ofiice. civil or military,
under the United States, who, having previously
takon an oath, as a member of Congress or as an offi-
cer of the United States, to support the Constitution
of the United States, shall haveengagedin insurrec-
tion or rebellion against tho same, or given aid or
comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress may
by a vote of two thirds of each House remove such
disability. <
I have barely a word to say in explanation
of this amendment. This section operates
upon all officers, both of the United States
and of the States, who took an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States,
and it excludes them from office in the future,
as well in the States as in the United States.
The object of my amendment is simply to
limit the effect of the violation of the Consti-
tution to cases where the officer who took the
oath was a United States officer, to exclude
the ineligibility from State officers, and to
restrict it entirely to Federal officers.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I have another amendment
to offer. It is to insert at the end of section
four:
But the obligation of the United States to pay for
private property taken for publio uso in all eases
shall remain inviolate.
I will explain this amendment in a word.
Section four reads as follows:
The obligations of the United States incurred in
suppressing insurrection, or in defenso of the Union,
or for payment of bounties or pensions incident
thereto, shall remain inviolate.
Mr. HENDERSON. That has been stricken
out.
Mr. CLARK. But it has been inserted again
in another form.
Mr. DAVIS. The effect of my amendment
is simply to insert a provision that the obliga-
tion of the United States for tho payment of
private property taken for public use shall also
remain inviolate.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I have one more amendment
and then I have done. I send it to the desk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the amendment that the Sen-
ator proposes is to a part that lias been stricken
out, and does not apply and cannot be made to
apply to the text as it now stands, and there-
fore is not in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I will inquire if there is not
inserted in lieu of that which is stricken out
something to the same effect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Something
to the same effect has been inserted, and the
amendment can be made to apply to that.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
■was in section four, line three, after the word
"bounties," to insert the following words:
Including bounties promised to the owners of slaves
enlisted into thq military service of the United States
by the act of Congress of February 29,1861.
Mr. CLARK. That amendment is in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I have but a word to say on
the amendment. The Congress of the United
States passed an act which I have before me,
but which I will not read, in which they pledged
the payment of certain bounties to the loyal
owners of slaves that might be enlisted into
the armies of the United States cither from
volunteering or by being drafted. I merely
propose a guarantee in this clause for the pay-
ment of those bounties.
The amendment was rejected.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole. The question
will be takon on all the amendments collect-
ively unless some Senator desires a separate
vote. ["Altogether."]
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to reserve the amend-
ment to the second section for a separate vote.
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No.. 191.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved.
Mr. JOHNSON. There are two or three of
these sections that I should be willing to vote
for, but I cannot vote for the whole. I think,
therefore, we had better take the vote sepa-
rately.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
take the vote 011 the sections separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does tho
Senator ask for a separate vote on all the
amendments?
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that each section
be read, and that the vote be taken on them
separately.
Mr. GRIMES. That cannot be done, as I un-
derstand. They are all embodied in one res-
olution. The idea suggested by the Senator
from Ohio is substantially the proposition of
the Senator from Wisconsin, which was voted
down. I know that his proposition was to sub-
mit these sections as articles to the States sep-
arately ; but all these propositions are before
us in one joint resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. Each section lias been
amended, and as a matter of course wo can act
on them, separately.
Mr. GRIMES. You can act on the amend-
ments separately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as
in Committee of the Whole, and the question
must be taken on each amendment separately
if called for by any Senator. The first amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read the first amendment,
which was to insert at the beginning of tho first
section the following words :
All persons born or naturalized in the United States,
and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of
the United States and of the State wherein they resido.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the reso-
lution under consideration be postponed until
Tuesday next at one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was agreed yester-
day that we should take the vote to-day.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope it will not bo post-
poned. It was understood that we should
come to a final vote to-day.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Inmakingthe motion,
I wish to give tho reason why i make it. This
business of amending the Constitution should
be carefully done ; and about many of those
provisions I am myself still in great doubt,
though I have looked at them as carefully as I
could. I do not think we should hasten con-
stitutional amendments. It takes a great deal
of hard work to get out foundation stones, and
now we are undertaking to lay foundation
stones. I say the measure had bettor be ma-
nipulated a little more than it has been, so that
we may know that we do exactly right whether
we affirm or disaffirm the proposition.
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am not disposed to
vote upon it at all. Of course I can be sub-
jected to the power of a majority as organized
in caucus; but I must say it is the first time
in the history of this Republic that legislative
matters and great constitutional questions were
settled in party caucus. Thai has transpired
for tho first time in our history during the
recent Avar and during the past, and present
Administrations. It deprives men of tho right
of counsel. Those who have tho violence and
strength of the majority can exert it; but 1
have a right to be heard upon all these ques-
tions. There is no party organization that has
tho right, under our system of government, to
so organize themselves that they shall super-
sede the system under which our Government
was established, and when they do it it is an
act of tyrannous power. It is glorious to have
a giant's power, but tyrannous to uso it like a
giant.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments wade as
in Committee ot the Whole to the first section
of the proposed article.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am decidedly in favor
of the first part of the section which defines
what citizenship shall be, and in favor of that
part of the section which denies to a State the
right to deprive any person of life, liberty, or
property without due process of law, but I
think it is quite objectionable to provide that
"no State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States," simply because
I do not understand what will be the effect of
that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have agreed to that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand not.
Mr. CLARK. We have concurred in the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole to the first section.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is all. Ycu have
not agreed to the words to which I now object.
I move, therefore, to amend the section as it
now stands by striking out the words " make
or enforce any law which shall abridge the
privileges or immunities of citizens of the Uni-
ted States ; nor shall any State;" so as to make
it read:
No State shall deprive any person of life, liborty,
or property without duo process of law, nor deny to
any person within its jurisdiction the equal protec-
tion of the laws.
Mr. CONNESS. Have all the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole been voted
upon ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have
not been.
Mr. CONNESS. Are they not first in order?
Mr. CLARK. Oh, we may as well vote on
this amendment now as it is moved; it saves
time.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole
was to strike out the sccond section and insert
a substitute for it, which will be read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The will of the Senate
in regard to those amendments has been so
emphatically expressed that I think we may
as well take the vole on all of them without
reading them. We all know what they are.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from
Michigan called for a separate vote.
Mr. HOWARD. Only upon this amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then upon the others
let us have one ^ote and be done with them.
Mr. TPbUMBULL. The question now is on
striking out the second section and inserting
another. Lot us have the yeas and nays on
that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the question on concur-
ring in the amendment or striking it out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On concur-
ring in the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The question is on
striking out the second section and inserting
that amendment instead of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wo made the amend-
ment in committee. Now the question is on
concurring in if.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well, but concur-
ring in that strikes out tho second section and
puts in another section in place of it. Those
who are in favor of striking out the second
section as it was printed and inserting what
was offered by the Senator from Oregoir [Mr.
Williams] will say " ay," and those who are in
favor of adhering to the section as it is printed
will say 'lno."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 11 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Conness, Cowan,
Cragin, Creswell, Doolittle, Edmunds, I'essenden,
Foster, Grimes, Harris, Henderson, Howe, Johnson,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall. Morgan. Morrill, Nor-
ton, Nye, Poland. Pomeroy, Itamsev. Sherman, Stew-
art, Sumner, Van Winkle, WiUey,Williams, and Wil-
S°IS'AV'S—-Messrs. Chandler. Guthrie, Hendricks,
Howard, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Trumbull, Wade, ;md Yiites—11.
ABSENT—I\lessrs. Brown, Buckalew, Davis, Dix-
on, Nesmith, Riddle, and Wright—7.
So the amendment to the second section was
concurred in.
