1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBIi.
m
the State which so highly trusted and honored
him, my own feeble voice ought to be added
to the general mourning over his lamented de-
cease.
My colleague and other Senators who have
addressed us at the present time, have far bet-
ter knowledge of the career of my lamented
predecessor, as a statesman and a member of
the General Government, than myself, for they
were associated with him, and witnessed his
daily labors in those great departments, while
my knowledge was merely that of the people
at large, derived from the published proceed-
ings and debates, and the current history of
public affairs. This reason alone is ample
why I should not trespass upon a theme already
so sufficiently and eloquently presented.
But the greatness and usefulness of my prede-
cessor consisted not alone in his distinguished
services to his State and nation in the two
Houses of Congress, and as a Cabinet minister.
He was eminently distinguished as a lawyer
and a judge; and in these respects I doubt-
less knew him better than any other member
of this body except my colleague; and the few
words I desire to say will relate mainly to his
professional and judicial character and repu-
tation. Professional reputation and fame, how-
ever well earned and deserved, (except at a
few favorite points, and in the national tribu-
nals,) is always local in its character, and ex-
tends little, if any, beyond the sphere of its
actual administration ; hardly ever outside the
lines of a State.
And the same is true of judicial reputation,
earned upon the. bench of the State courts, un-
less the judicial career of the recipient extends
over an unusual period of time. The reason
for this is sufficiently apparent from the fact
.that the professional and judicial labors of law-
yers and judges are generally bestowed upon
matters of mere private concern and individ-
ual interest, and however important and useful
to the parties themselves, excite but little inter-
est in the public mind. Much the larger part of
Judge Collameu's professional life had passed
before 1 knew him personally, for he had been
already three years upon the bench of our su-
preme court when I came to the bar in 183G.
From that time until his retirement from the
bench in 1812, I was a practitioner before the
court of which he was a member. During the
short period that elapsed between his retire-
ment from the lower House of Congress, and
his return to the bench in 1850, he resumed the
practice of his profession; and during that time
I was a member of the supreme _ court of the
State. Under the new organization of the ju-
diciary of the State in 1850, Judge Coli,a:.ier
was made judge of the second judicial circuit,
and hold that office until' his election to the
Senate in 1854. During this period I held the
same office for the fourth judicial circuit, and
it was during this time only that I was ever
brought into very intimate personal relations
with him.
I learn from members of the profession who
were contemporary with Judge Collamer in the
earlier portion of his professional career, that
his excellent natural abilities, together with his
thorough and accurate knowledge of the law,
obtained by close application and study; liis
diligence and faithfulness in attending to the
interests of his clients, and especially his un-
swerving honesty and integrity, soon brought to
him largo professional employment, and that
his sphere of practice and rejjutation steadily
enlarged up to the time he left the bar for the
bench. He was ever exact and thorough in
his preparation, to the smallest details, and in
the conduct of trials was always watchful that
no proper presentation or argument beneficial
to his client should be omitted. Nor did he
ever fail to see and to ayjul himself of all proper
advantage given him, either by the weakness
of his adversary's cause or by any lack of pro-
fessional skill shown in its support. But his
practice of the law was honorable and manly ;
he never sought advantage for his client's causc
by the use of craft and cunning, so often resorted
to by less scrupulous members of the profes-
sion. But it was more in his character as an
advocate that his peculiar and characteristic
fairness was exhibited. He always presented
every legitimate argument in favor of his cause
forcibly and effectively.
But he never resorted to subtle and ingenious
sophistries to disguise and conceal a dishonest
cause, or to entrap and bewilder the triers. His
style and manner as an advocate, especially
before juries, were peculiarly his own. His pre-
sentation of a cause to a jury was as cool, de-
liberate, and dispassionate as his argument of
a dry question of law before the court or a ques-
tion of public affairs in the Senate. _ He never
appealed to the passions or prejudices of his
auditors, whoever they were, but sought always
to move and convince their judgments. He
abhorred and detested every form of deceit and
falsehood in others, and disdained the use of it
himself.
Such an advocate was of course ever listened
to with the highest respect, and his arguments
received all that consideration to which his
ability and candor so well entitled them.
Judge Collamer came to the bench a ripe,
thoroughly trained lawyer. His popularity as
a judge was all that could have been expected
from a man of his talents and attainments. He
was especially fortunate and gifted as a presiding
judge at jury trials. His ready and accurate
knowledge) of the law, his keen and quick ap-
prehension, his extensive acquaintance with
men, and the motives and incentives to human
conduct, and especially his strong and intuitive
love of justice, enabled him at once to master
a case, and detect the true from the false, and,
without apparent effort, to make the truth of
the ease manifest to others. His manner and
deportment upon the bench were always kind
and considerate; he listened patiently to even
slow and plodding counselors, endeavoring to
explain .and illustrate what he already saw
clearly.
lie was over prompt, fearless, and inflexible
in his decisions, with nothing of timidity or fa-
voritism, always so painful when exhibited on
the bench. It is saying no more than the truth,
that lie was one of'Uie most efficient and satis-
factory -nisi priiis judges who have ever sat upon
the bench.
His published opinions while a judge of the
supreme court arc models of judicial compo-
sitions. For accuracy of learning, terseness of
statement, clearness and comprehensiveness of
style, 1 do not know where they are excelled.
"Had Judge Collamer remained upon the.
bench to the end of his life, like Chief Justice
Shaw of Massachusetts, or Chief Justice Gib-
son of Pennsylvania, I have no doubt his ju-
dicial fame would have equaled that of those
eminent jurists.
1 have' no need to speak of the character of
Judge Collameh. in his more private and per-
sonal relations, or his rare and generous quali-
ties and gifts as a social companion. All who
were ever associated with him in any capacity
will ever retain a loving remembrance of his
kind and genial nature, his keen and pleasant
wit, his love and fund of anecdote, llis duties
as a husband and father, as a citizen and Chris-
tian, were ever faithfully and conscientiously
fulfilled.
In brief, sir. I have never known any man
who came nearer attaining the full measure of
what J believe to have been the great object
of my predecessor in the performance of all
the duties of life, from the humblest to the
highest, to be a just man before God and his
fcllow-mcn.
The people of his and my State have ever
held him in the highest respect; thev mourn
his loss in common with the whole nation, and
they will ever cherish in their hearts the mem-
ory of his wisdom and his virtues.
Fortunate may each of us consider himself,
if at the end of the journey of life he be able to
leave behind him a reputation so full of useful-
ness, and a character so pure and unsullied.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 14, 1665.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntojt.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved. *
juroes in district; of columbia.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forhey,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, the bill ,(31.- Br.
No. 24) entitled " An act providing for the
selection of jurors to serve in the several
courts of the District of Columbia."
committee e0r district 01' columbia.
The SPEAKER announced the appointment
of Mr. Roswell Hart, of New York, as a
member of the Committee for the District of
Columbia, in place of Mr. Davis, excused.
reimbursement oj? loyal states.
The SPEAKER also announced the appoint-
ment of the following-named members as the
special committee on the subject of the reim-
bursemcn<|fof the loyal States for advances
made and debts contracted in support of the _
war for the pieservation of the Union:
Messrs. James G. Blaise of Maine, Samuel
Hooper of Massachusetts, Benjamin F. Loan
of Missouri, Benjamin M. Boyer of Pennsyl-
vania, William A. Darling of New York,
Tobias A. Plants of Ohio, and William A.
Newell of New Jersey.
reconstruction.
The SPEAKER also announced the appoint-
ment of the following named as members on
the part of the House of the joint committee to
inquire into the condition of the late so-called
confederate States, and their right to repre-
sentation in Congress:
Messrs. Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania,
Elihu B. W.isiiiirrjce of Illinois, Justin S.
Mourttt, of Vermont, Henry Ggider of Ken-
tucky, John A. Bingham of Ohio, IioscoE
Coxkling of New York, George S. Boutwei.l
of Massachusetts, Henry T. Blow of Mis-
souri, and Andrew J. Rogers of New Jersey.
representatives op david g. bates.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of David G. Bates; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
adjournment over the holidays.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have
been requested, Mr. 'Speaker, by several gen-
tlemen to bring up the question of the adjourn-
ment of Congress over the holidays. I will,
by the consent of the House, offer a resolution,
leaving the dates blank, and get an expression
of the sentiment of the House on this subject.
I think we may as well determine at this time
when and for how long Congress will adjourn
over. I will state frankly that my own propo-
sition would be to adjourn over from to-day
until the 8th or 9th of January.
There being no objection,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, submitted
the following resolution:
RcxokcJ, (tlio Senate concurring,) That when the
two House of Congress adjourn on tho — <lay ot
Beceinbcr, they will adjourn to meet on the —day ox
January next.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman leaves blanks
in his resolution, and I move that when we ad-
journ for the holidays we shall adjourn from
tho 21st of" December to the 4th of January,
from Thursday until Thursday, being two weeks.
I move to fill the blanks in that way.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the gentleman
from Pennsyh auia to make it the 9th of Jan-
uarv.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In order
to test the sense of the House, I move that
when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to
meet on the Oth of January.
Mr. STEVENS. My proposition is "to ad-
journ from the 21st of December to the 4th of
January. . . _
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the original
