8042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Several Senators. Now let us vote on all
the other amendments together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If such be
the pleasure of the Senate, the question will
be taken collectively on all the other amend-
ments.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope not. I want a
separate vote on the third section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not understand
this. Can this resolution be adopted by voting
on sections separately?
Mr. FESSENDEN-. No.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
is now concurring in amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. No amendment was
made to the third section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is what I want
to understand. I understand that there is no
amendment from the Committee of the Whole
to the third section.
Mr. FESSEis DEN. Yes, we struck out the
third section as reported and inserted a sub-
stitute for it.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole to the third .section.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The third section was
the original section that came from the House
disfranchising the son thorn people from voting.
That has been stricken out.
Mr. HOWARD. The question is on con-
curring in the amendment we made to the
third section.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was to strike out
the third section which came from the House
and insert another.
The question was taken by yeas and nays,
with the following result:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Oon-
ness, Cowan, Cnuan, Creswcll, Davis. Doolittie, lvl-
mumls, FussOEulon, Foster, Crimos. Uuthvie, Harris,
Henderson, Umidrioks, Itowaul, Ifown, Kirkwood,
Lane of Iwliuna, J.ane ot Kansas, MeL)ou™all, Mor-
fian, Morrill, Norton, Nyo, PoUml, l'omeroy, IUm-
soy. Baulsbury, Sherman, ^lewai't.nSmimer,
Trombull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—t'J.
NAY—Mr. Johnson—1.
ABSENT—Messrs. JSrnwn, Buckalow, Dixon, Nes-
mitli, ltiddle, and Wright—0.
Mr. HENDRICKS, (before the result was
announced.) I think the vote just taken is
not correctly understood.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. No discus-
sion is in order; the vote lias not been an-
nounced.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not going into
any discussion, but 1 have aright to ask of the
Chair the precise question in time to let any
gentleman change his vote if he desires to do
so. The motion was not originally to strike
out the third section as it came from the House
and to insert another. They were separate
motions. Then ought there not to be two
votes upon this section now ?
Mr. SHERMAN'. 1 suppose any Senator
can call for a division.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is no need to
call for a division because there were two dis-
tinct motions. There was first a motion to
strike out and afterward a motion to insert
something else. Now, the precise question
before the Senate is whether the third section
as it eame from the House shall bo stricken
out, and then there will be another question
not yet voted upon by the Senate, whether we
shall insert the third section which was agreed
to as in Committee of the Whole. That is the
way it stands.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President 
Mr. CONNESS. I object to discussion at
this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The dis-
cussion is not in order; the vote has not been
announced.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not about to discuss
the question. The Senator from California
need not suppose that I propose to occupy the
time of the Senate unnecessarily. I proposed
to strike out the original third section as it
came from the House.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to a question of
order. It is not in order to discuss a ques-
tion after the call of the roll has been com-
menced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The result
of the vote has not been announced, but the
roll has been called.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I am not in order I
will take my seat; but it is barely possible that
the Senator from California may not bo in
order.
Mr. CONNESS. I am quite aware of that;
but I believe I have a right to raise the ques-
tion of order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not object to that.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well; then let the
Chair decide.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No discus-
sion is in oider until after the vote is an-
nounced; but, by common consent, Senators
may be allowed to explain their own votes,
but no extended remarks can be allowed.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no right to ex-
plain a vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. I moved to strike out the
third section as it came from the other House.
That motion was carried, and afterward what
now appears upon the face of the resolution
as the third section was proposed and adopted
as a separate amendment. I voted just this
moment to strike out what was adopted. The
effect of that would have been to restore the
original third section, perhaps, but I meant
when that was done to move to strike out the
third section so as to leave no such section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this
question 
Mr. IIENDRTCKS. What question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion was on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole, which was to
strike out the third section and insert other
words in lieu of it. The result of that vote is
42 iu the allumative and 1 in the negative. So
the amendment is concurred in. The Secre-
tary will read the next amendment.
The Secretary read the next amendment,
which was to strike out the fourth and fifth
sections, and to insert the following section in
lieu of them:
8rcc. —. Tho validity of tho puljlie debt of the
TTnited States, authorized by law, including debts
inclined for payment, of pensions and bounties for
serviees m suniiresMiit'insurrection or rebellion, shall
not bo questioned. l)ut neither tho United Stales
nor any State shall assume or p.iv any debt or obli-
Kalion ineunvd ia aid of insurrection or rebellion
against the United Slates, or any claim tor the lo-s
or emancipation of any slave; but ail such debts,
obligations, and claims shall be hold illegal and
void.
The amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to bo en-
grossed and tho joint resolution to bo read a
third time. The joint resolution was read the
third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This joint ,
resolution having been read three times, the
question is on its passage.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Several Sexatous. The yeas and nays must
be taken, of course.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 83, nays 11; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conn ess,
Cragin.CieMvcll, Edmunds, lessen den, Foster, (Jrimes,
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane
of Indiana,, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nve,
Poland, Pomeroy, Itamsey, Sherman, Spraxue, Stew-
art, Sumner,Trumbull, Wade, Willey, William!,, Wil-
son, and Yates—33.
NAYS—-Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Doolittie, Guthrie,
Hendricks, Johnson, McDonjrall, Norton, Riddle,
Sanlsbury, and Van Winkle—11,
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalow, Dixon, Nes-
mith, and Wright—5.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution is passed, having received the votes
of two thirds of the Senate.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that when the Senate
adjourn to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION 151LL.
Mr. MORG-AN. I submit the following re-
port from the committee of conference on the
fortification bill, and I move that the Senate
concur in the report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment to the bill
(II. R. No. 255) making appropriation** for the con-
struction, preservation, and repairs of certain fortifi-
cations and. other works of defense for the year end-
in? Jane 30, 1867* having met, alter full and tree
confeience have agiced to recommend, and do rec-
ommend. to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives rccede from
their disagreement to the amendment of the Senate
to said bill and agree to the same.
E. D. MORGAN.
L. M. MOltKLLL,
W. SAULSBUKY,
Managers on the part of the Semite.
II. J. RAYMOND,
AY. E. NIBLACK,
S. PERHAM,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurrcd in.
JB.NKOLLFU bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Jlr. McPheusox, its Clerk, announced
that tho Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives had signed the following enrolled bills;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro lew pore of the Senate:
A bill {II. 11. No. 16) authorizing document-
ary evidence of title to be furnished to the
owners of certain lands in the city of St. Louis;
and
A hill (H. Ii. No. 281) to amend the postal
laws.
kbj'oilt skom a committee.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of George
W. Tarlton, praying for the restoration of his
property confiscated under proceedings insti-
tuted in the United States district court for the
northern district of New York, submitted a
written report and asked to be discharged from
the furl her consideration of the subject. The
committee was discharged and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 8,18CG.
The House met at twelve o' clock in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The .Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
mutilvmsd xotos of national banks.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, by unan-
imous consent submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Ite^ohed. That fheOomrmftee on Bnnking nnd Cur-
rency be instructed to inquire into tho expediency
of providing by law, either by the establishment of
a Bureau of Redemption in connection %vith the
Treasury "Department, or such other mode as may
be deemed most advisable, for the redemption of
tho woiii-out, mutilated, alte/ed, or dUfiirurcd bank
notes issued under the national currency act, so as to
obviate the necessity ot sending such notes to each
particular bank of issue iorredeniption; uiul that the
committee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HUBBARD? of West Virginia, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was agreed to ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider he laid 011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MOXCilEXT TO LIEUTENANT GENERAL SCOTT.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Krfiahpd, That the Committee nn Military Affairs
bo instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for the erection of a monument at
West Point to the memory of Lieutenant General
Winfleld Seott, and to report by bill or otherwise.
