4002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
Mr. POMEROY. I submit to the Senator
from Michigan whether those are not. questions
devolving upon each House and not questions
for Congress to decide. That is the reason
~why I move to strike out the last two lines.
Mr. HOW ARD. I will come to that directly.
Mr. POMEROY. The last two lines pertain
exclusively to the question of election and of
qualification, and should be taken out of the
language of the act of Congress.
Mr. HOWARD. "And upon their taking
the oaths of office required by existing laws."
Very well, can any member of this body or of
the House of Representatives take a seat in
either of the bodies without taking the oath
prescribed by the existing laws? Certainly the
Senator from Illinois will not contend that he
can do so. They must necessarily take the
oaths : and if we still insist upou the test oath,
as I trust we shall for all future time, a Senator
here or a Representative in the other body can-
not obtain his seat there without taking the test
oath. It is objected again that this is an as-
sumption on the part of Congress to pass upon
the qualifications of the members of the House
of Representatives ; and that it is not compe-
tent for us to assume the authority which, under
the Constitution, pertains exclusively to each
House. No one pretends that Congress, as a
legislative body, can usurp or exercise authority
which the Constitution gives to the respective
Houses. We may say what, we please in a stat-
ute in regard to the election and returns of mem-
bers to the two Houses, still we know that the
Conrstitution, which is the highest law of the
land, gives absolutely to each House the right
to judge for itself of the elections and qualifi-
cations of the members who are returned to
it; and it would be the last thing that would
occur to my mind, 1 must confess, that this
clause of the joint resolution could be tortured
into a pledge or undertaking on the part of Con-
gress or an assumption on the part of Congress
to pass upon the questions of the elections and
qualifications of the members of the several
Houses. Certainly it cannot possibly have
any such effect, and it is not contemplated by
the resolution itself. All that the resolution
requires is that the State of Tennessee shall
have the right to send Senators and Repre-
sentati\es to Congress, and that they shall be
entitled to take their seats here upon under-
going the tests which exist by the Constitution
and laws in regard to their fitness to take those
seats; and with this f am content, I confess.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator from
Illinois will strike oat the last two lines sim-
ply, all after the word "Congress," I should
vote for his proposed amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the pending mo-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will vote for
that, because I think those words are unneces-
sary and might lead to an implication to which
I should not agree ; and we get all we want by
striking out all after the word "Congress" in
the fifth line. I am not for retaining the previ-
ous words on the ground assumed by my friend
from Michigan that amplification is useful. I
think that amplification is the curse of this
body. We have been amplifying all day on
matters that are familiar to us as our fingers ;
and T think it about time that we take a vote.
I do not want to amplify any more.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas to the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. 1 RUM BULL. What has become of
my motion?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
has voted to amend it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment proposing to
strike out the sixth and seventh lines of the
resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not the question on
striking out all after the word " Congress?"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The effect
of the amendment, as amended, if agreed to,
will be to strike out all after the word "Con-
gress," at the end of the fifth, line.
The question, being put, a division was called
for; and the "ayes" having risen to be counted,
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a misunderstand-
ing here in regard to the question. The Sen-
ator from Illinois moved to strike out all after
the word "Union." Then the Senate, on the
motion of the Senator from Kansas, struck out
all after the word " Congress."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. The Senator from Illi-
nois proposed to strike out all after the word
" Union." The Senator from Kansas proposed
to amend the amendment by striking out, in-
stead of what the Senator from Illinois pro-
posed, the sixth and seventh lines, and the
Senate agreed to that amendment to the amend-
ment; so thattheamendmentas nowamended,
if agreed to, will strike out the sixth and sev-
enth lines only.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GRIMES. This amendment, if it pre-
vails, as I understand, will strike out a por-
tion of the fourth line after the word "Union"
and all of the fifth line.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This motion,
if it prevails, will strike out, as the Chair has
repeatedly stated, the sixth and seventh lines,
and nothing else.
Mr. GRIMES. Then what did we do when
we adopted the amendmentof the Senator from
Kansas?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. You excluded
the fifth line and a part of the fourth line from
the motion to strike out.
The question being taken by yeas and nays;
resulted—yeas 25, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Clark, Con-
ness, Davis, Fessenden, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson,
Howe, Johnson, McDougall, Ncsmith, Norton, Po-
land, Pomeroy, Kiddle, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, AVilley, and Wil-
son—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Cowan, Creswcll,
Doolittle, Edmunds, Foster, Grimes, Howard, Kirk-
wood, Lane, Morgan, Morrill, N ye, Ramsey, Sprague,
William?, and Yates—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Cragin, Dixon, Hendricks,
SauUbury, and Wright—1.
So the motion to strike out prevailed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I preferred the resolu-
tion as it came from the House; but as the
preamble is stricken out and there is now no
preamble, I move that this be inserted as a
preamble:
Whereas the Stato of Tennessee has in good faith,
by the action of her people, now placed herself in
obedience to and in harmony with the Constitution,
laws, and authority of the United States: Therefore.
On this I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were prdered.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend that pro-
posed preamble by striking out the word
" now."
The amendment was rejected.
The question recurring on the preamble pro-
posed by Mr. Sherman, the yeas and nays were
taken with the following result:
YRAS — Messrs. Anthony. Cowan, Eessenden,
Grimes, Harris, Kirkwood, Lane, Morrill, Pome-
roy, Ramsev, Sherman, Sprague, and Stewart—13.
IN AYS — Messrs. Brown, Buckalcw, Chandler,
Clark, Conness, Creswell, Davis, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Foster, Guthrie, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howard, Howe, Johnson, McDougall, Morgan, Nes-
mith, Norton, Nye, Poland. Riddle, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cragin, Dixon, Saulsbury, and
Wrisht—4.
So the proposed preamble was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will now again offer
in the Senate the preamble which was offered
in the committee, in order to have a distinct
vote upon it. Since it was voted upon in com-
mittee the preamble of the House has been
voted down. I now offer the preamble which
came from the Judiciary Committee in the
form in which it was altered in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the reading of it.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Whereas in the year 1861 the government of the
State of Tennessee was seized npon and taken pos-
session of by persons in hostility to the United States,
and the inhabitants of said State in pursuance of an
act of Congress were declared to be in a stato of
insurrection against the United States; and whereas
said State government can only be restored to its
former political relations in the Union by the con-
sent of the law-making power of the United States :
and whereas the people of said State did, on the'22d
day of February, 1865, by a large popular vote, adopt
and ratify a constitution of government whereby
slavery was abolished and all ordinances and laws
of secession and debts contracted under the same
were declared void: and whereas a State government
has been organized under said constitution which has
ratified the amendment to the Constitution of the
United States abolishing slavery, also the amend-
ment proposed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress, and
h as done other acts proclaiming and denoting loyalty:
Therefore.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to amend the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Illinois by inserting the preamble which has
come from the House of Representatives in
lieu of his.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have just voted
that down in the Senate, the very same thing
that the Senator offers. I apprehend that it is
not in order to move that again unless it is
altered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment is in order. It presents
the question to the Senate, which of the two
preambles they will take. The question is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Rhode Island, as an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will not be
agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand now the
proposition of the Senator from Rhode Island
is to offer the House preamble as a substitute
for the preamble reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary. We have then the choice
between the two. I shall vote for the House
preamble, and then, if that is voted down, I
shall vote for the other.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry that the
Senator from Rhode Island should have offered
this amendment. I had been desirous to get
a distinct vote on the preamble as it was
amended in the Senate, coming from the Judi-
ciary Committee. W e have been unable to get
a distinct vote upon it, because, when it was
offered before, it was antagonized with this.
Now the Senator from Rhode Island, when it
is offered in the Senate, proposes what the
Senate voted down in the Senate. My propo-
sition has never been voted upon in the Senate;
and why will not the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and let us take a distinet vote to see whether
the Senate will not adopt it? If we do not,
then try the other. Let us have a distinct vote
whether we will have this as the preamble or
not, without antagonizing it with the House
preamble.
Mr. SHERMAN. There has been no vote
on the House preamble.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Directly on the House
preamble.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not by yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes; by yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the only vote that
was taken was on the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Illinois to strike out the House pre-
amble and insert that of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Ohio listen to me for a moment? When we
came into the Senate a distinct vote was taken
on agreeing to the preamble of the House by
yeas and nays, and it was voted down.
Mr. SHERMAN. IbegtheSenator'spardon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment which
I offer now as a preamble has never been of-
fered in the Senate.
