1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2083
Middle and West Tennessee it is disreputable to have
been a Union man, or, as a southern man, to nave
served in the Union Army—and matters arc growing
worse—thereconstructed traitors openly cursing loyal
men, and threatening them with shooting or hang-
ing; boasting that they have the President on their
side, while we all' feel that the President s policy is^
ruinous to us." * * * * ni
" Every rebel in all this country, every McClellan
man, and every ex-guerrilla chief, are loud and en-
thusiastic in praise of the President. The men who
but a few months since were cursing him for an ab-
olitionist and traitor, and wishing him executed, are
now for executing all who dare oppose his policy or
even doubt its success. j. , ,
"There is twice the amount of bitterness and intol-
erance in the South to-d&y toward the Union and
everything northern that there was at the time of
Lee's surrender. Abuse of Union men, of the radical
majority in Congress, and self-assumed superiority on
the part of the southern chivalry have arisen to such
a height that loyal men cannot travel on a steamboat
or in a railroad car without being insulted. As it was
during the war, so it is now; all concessions from the
North or from the majority in Congress are regarded
asevidences of fear. All the oldrebel presses of 1861
and many new ones arein full blast, threatening Con-
gress and the North with ultimate vengeance and
boasting of southern prowess. The most popularmcn
in the 1 argest portion of Tennessee to-day are the men
most distinguished for their hostility to the North
and what they are pleased to term the radical Con-
gress, and they are the class of men selected to fill
offices, as the late county elections show. The same
is true of the entire South, only to a greater extent.
In a word, they are resolved on breaking up the Gov-
ernment, and they expect to carry out their scheme
through the ballot-box, and how men of candor and
intelligence can represent them as loyal and kindly
disposed is a mystery to me, even in this age of rebel-
lion and treachery." * * * * * * .
" Why, sir, many of them are expecting the Presi-
dent to disperse Congress with the bayonet, as Crom-
well dispersed the Long Parliament. The southern
breast is being rapidly fired to deeds of valor; and all
this, and more, as I believe, has been caused by the
mistakes of the President. His plan of trusting rebels
with their State governments has had an effect ex-
actly the opposite of what he intended. It has ruined
the prospects of the Union men, and they feel that
there is no safety for them unless Congress sh all choose
to protect tliem. Even three days ago General Thomas
had to send troops into Marshall county, some sixty
miles distant, to protcct loyal men and freedmon who
were fleeing for safety and coming to the city."
North. Carolina has been regarded one of the
most loyal of the rebellious States; but, judg-
ing from the following from the Raleigh Stand-
ard, this State, too, is following^ her sisters in
rebellion in the work of rewarding rebels and
punishing loyal men:
"The town of "Wilmington, in this State, has re-
cently/passed by popular election from the hands of
loyal Union men into the hands of original secession-
ists and latter-day war men. The same is true as to
the county courtof New Hanover, under the appoint-
ment of magistrates made bv the Legislature. It is :
considered disreputable in Wilmington to be nn out-
spoken unconditional Union man. General Robert
Ransom, lately of the confederate service, has been
chosen marshal of the town, with a salary of $2,000.
General 11. is, we presume, still unpardoned."
Colonel Stokes, one of the true men elected
to this House from Tennessee, in a recent
speech said:
" We know that admission now would destroy the
Union element of the States. Congress isdoing right
in holding them back. When the rebel armies first
surrendered, there was everywhere a disposition to-
ward loyalty; but I stand here to-night to say that
there is now a feeling as bitter toward the Union men
of the South as there was in 1860-61. And the facts
have proved that Congress, in its cool and deliberate
treatment of the matter, deserves the thanks of all
Union men, in giving an opportunity for these rebels
to show their hands. Time will show that Congress
was right."
This view of the spirit of the South is con-
firmed by the necessity which prompted Gen-
eral Grant to issue an order, on the 12th of
January last, directing the military power to
protect the loyal citizens of the rebellious States
from the prejudice and violence of their rebel
neighbors, and further to protect colored per-
sons from prosecutions charged with otfenses
for which white persons are not prosecuted or
punished in the same manner and degree.
All the accounts we receive from loyal sources,
from Grant, from Seliurz, from the agents of
the Freedmen's Bureau, from every loyal mail
from the North who has visited the South, from
every truly loyal man in the South, by peti-
tions and entreaties, all agree that, if the mili-
tary force should be removed, it would be
impossible for Union men, black or white, to
remain ther?. And yet the reconstructed Gov-
ernor of Mississippi says they (the Union
soldiers) are not needed, that they are 11 a dis-
iurbing element, a nuisance, and a blighting
curse." The rebels desire that the United
States troops shall be withdrawn, and their
places supplied by State troops composed of
officers and men from the rebel army, who
would sooner protect the rebel oppressor than
the loyal men.
While important service in the rebellion is a
sure passport to political and social position
and distinction, a systematic effort is made to
brand every man with disgrace who has been
true to the Government, thus openly and de-
fiantly rewarding treason and punishing loy-
alty. It is a fact, to which I challenge con-
tradiction, that in spite of all the caution,
expostulations, arguments, and demands of the
President in regard to the election of loyal men
in the States he is attempting to reconstruct,
with every consideration of policy urging them
to a decent regard, for the time being at least,
to the loyal sentiments of the country, the men
who have been the most active and efficient in
the rebellion are the most popular at the polls,
and receive the largest vote. It is very true
that some good men, under the pressure of
circumstances, have been elected. A few such
have been sent here as claimants of seats in
this House—men who would honor the position
they claim, and with whom we should all be
most happy to be associated as members of this
Congress, could we feel that they had a loyal
constituency, able to maintain a loyal govern-
ment.
In many instances the disloyalty of the per-
sons voting, or the persons elected, has been
so notorious that the President has been com-
pelled to declare the election void, and with-
hold the certificate of election, or forbid their
entering upon the duties of the office. The
Secretary of the Treasury and the Postmaster
General"both declare that they are unable to
find loyal men enough in those States, who
are willing to take the prescribed oath, to fill
the offices under their Departments, and we
are called upon to repeal or moditv the oath
so as to allow these men, just out of the re-
bellion, to accept some of the most responsible
and lucrative offices under the same Govern-
ment they have been laboring for four long
years to destroy. To a proposition so flagranti}'
wrong and perilous I will not consent by my
vote. If there are not loyal men enough in
the South who have been true to the Union to
fill these offices, I would appoint some of the
heroes of the war, and bid them take part in
the administration of the government in the
States they have saved by their valor.
A communication from Colonel Do Gross,
addressed to General Howard, and dated at
Houston, Texas, December 15, 18G5, says:
"Ihavo the honor to respectfully report that in
some portions of this Slats the negroes are not yet
free; that the pass system is still, in force, and when
a freedraan is found at large without a pass he is
taken up and whipped."
Lieutenant Eldridge, writing to the same
officer, from Yicksburg, Mississippi, on the
28th of November, 1805, says:
" I have the honor to inclose herewith, for your
consideration, the freedmen's bill, which hasjust be-
come a law in this State, and would respectfully aslc
your attention to the following points therein :
"Section one prohibits the holding, leasiug, or
renting of real estate by freedmon." .
" Section four excludes freedmen from testifying
in cases of whites.
" Section five authorizes mayors and boards of po-
lice, by their sole edict, to prevent any freedmen
from doing any independent business, and to com-
pel them to labor as employes, with no appeal from
such decision.
" Section seven gives the power to any white citi-
zen over the person of a freedinan unknown to any
other law, and denies the right of appeal beyond the
county court."
Major General Terry, in an order issued at
Richmond, Virginia. January, 24, 1866, refer-
ring to a statute passed at the present session
of the Legislature of Virginia entitled u A bill
providing lor the punishment of vagrants,
says:
"The ultimate effect of thestatute willbeto reduce
the freedmen to a condition of servitude woise than
that from hie?) they hove been cmaneipat :d—a .con-
dition which will be slavery in all but its
A law recently parsed by the .Louisiana Le-
gislature provides that any one who shall reed.
harbor, or secrete any person who shall leave
his employer without his consent shall be liable
to a fine or imprisonment; thus reviving, as
far as possible, the principles of the old slave
code. These facts might be multiplied indefi-
nitely, but enough have been presented to show
that, while these people accept the fact of
emancipation, they believe the principle is
wrong, and intend to make the condition of
the freedmen as-near that of'slavery as possi-
ble. There are, to be sure, very many good
and loyal men in the South, and had they the
control of the States all would be well; but
the unwelcome truth is the rebels are in the
ascendency. Loyalty is the exception and dis- -
loyalty the rule.
Governor Cox, of Ohio, in his report of the
President's conversation on the 21st of Febru-
ary last makes him speak of what he is doing
in those States for the pnrpose of "stimulating
loyalty" no less than six times in that short
conversation. 1 fear that too much of the lit-
tle loyalty we see manifested by these men is of
the "stimulated" kind; that it is a sickly plant
at most, and will die out as soon as the stimu-
lation shall cease. I have no confidence in
this "stimulating" business. My own obser-
vation proves to my mind that, though you may
get a little more out of a subject for a day by
administering stimulants, in the end he will
sink just as much below his natural condition
as he has been raised above it. The facts in
this case show that tlio President's southern
patient has been" stimulated too long, that the
medicine has ceased to have any effect, and he
is rapidly sinking, and is now even lower than
when the first dose was administered.
This is a sad picture, but it represents the
spirit of the men who rule a large portion of
the eleven seceded States to-day, and but for
the presence of the military force would rule
them all. Mr. Lincoln held that those .States
were " out of their practical relations with the
Union," and no one will deny that this state
of things exists at the present time. The great
work before us is to restore these States to
their " practical relations with the Union" at.
the earliest moment consistent with the future
security, peace, and perpetuity of the Govern-
ment.
On whom'devolvesthe duty of deciding when
these States are in a condition to be repre-
sentedhere? Notthe Executive. No such power
has ever been delegated to him. Notthe House
of Representatives or the Senate acting inde-
pendent of each other, but the law-making power
of the Government alone is competent to per-
form this important duty. In confirmation of
this view of the subject I add the express dec-
larations of the President himself, through the
Secretary of State. On July 24, 1805, Mr. Sew-
ard telegraphed to the "provisional governor"
of Mississippi:
" The government of the State will be provisional
only, until the civilnuthorities shall be restored with,
the approval of Congress."
So, on September 12, 18G5, he wrote to Gov-
ernor Marvin, of Florida:
"It must, however, be distinctly understood that
the restoration to which your proclamation reter3
will be subject to the decision of Congress.
Thus it is seen that, as late as September,
18G5, both these distinguished men agreed with,
the majority of Congress that the readmission
of these Statesisto be subject to " the approval
of Congress."
In accordance with the President's.and Mr.
Seward's original plan, I hold that it is the
duty of Congress to take the whole subject into
consideration, as it is now doing, and decide
just what guarantees it is absolutely necessary
to require to secure equal and exact justice to
all the citizens, and to prevent the recurrence
of another rebellion in the future. This should
be secured by such constitutional amendments
as cannot fail to accomplish the object; ana,
i on the ratification of these amendments by a.
; vote of the people of these States, as a pledge-
J of their sincerity and loyalty, I would allow
|i them to be represented in Congiess on ao>
ll equal footing with the other States.
