1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
Congress or the men who will strip the people
of these rights will be handed down to perdition
for allowing this bright and beautiful heritage
of civil liberty embodied in the powers and
sovereign jurisdiction of the States to pass
away from us.
Why, sir, all the arrangements of life with
regard to the protection of property and per-
son and the interests of mankind are complete
and safe without the interposition of the Fed-
eral Government. If the Federal Government
had never been established, if it never had been
known that the stars were to be emblazoned
together on the flag of this country as one com-
mon Union, yet the old thirteen States, had
they remained as before entering into the Con-
federation, would have secured to the people
of those States and to their children and de-
scendants who were to come after them all
those blessings of liberty that the State author-
ities and the Federal authorities are now author-
ized to extend to the citizens of any State or
any Territory in this Union.
The honorable chairman undertook to estab-
lish a theory for this action upon a clause in
the amendment to the Constitution abolish-
ing slavery which authorizes Congress to pass
appropriate legislation to carry the foregoing
clause into effect.
Now, did not Mr. Seward say to some per-
sons in the rebel Slates, who made objection
to indorsing the constitutional amendment
because of the second clause, which they
feared would be claimed to authorize such legis-
lation as this, that their objection was a mere
myth and a mere subterfuge ? As slavery was
abolished, if any State undertook again to put
the bonds of slatvery upon those who had been
made free, it would then be in the power of
the Federal Government to put a veto upon
the exercise of any such power, and to say that
the shackles and chains of slavery shall not
again be placed upon the black race in this
land.
Now, the constitutional amendment abolish-
ing slavery provides in the second section that
" Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation." "Appro-
priate legislation'' for what ? What is the sub-
ject-matter to which the legislation of Congress
is to apply? Slavery or involuntary servitude
is forever abolished, and this is to enable Con-
gress to compel a State that undertakes, by its
legislative power, to inflict the stigma of slavery
again upon the escutcheon of this country, to
forbear from so doing. It is to enable Congress
to lay the hand of Federal power, delegated by
the States to the General Go\eminent, upon
the States to prevent them from reenslaving
the blacks which it could Hot do*before the
adoption of this amendment to the Constitut-
tion.
Slavery is dead, and I have 110 desire to re-
vive it. I believe that in this Christian age of
enlightenment and wisdom, the experience of
mankind and the laws of God themselves have
implanted the systems of freedom in this coun-
try, and that it will be extended to all countries.
And while we are extending this principle of
freedom to the colored people, do not forget the
millions of our brave soldiers, their widows and
orphans, the children whose faces bear the im-
press of destitution and want, whose wails of
sorrow pierce the very clouds. Do not forget
our wasted fields, our ruined cities, the annihi-
lation of our industry, the countless myriads of
freemen from whose bodies limbs have been
torn in the great storm of battle, or trampled
under the hoofs of cavalry and artillery. Let
us remember that we are to legislate for them;
for those who achieved the independence of
our country ; for the brave men who buckled
on their armor, and left their little families
behind them, while the aristocrats remained at
home. Many of those men laid down their
lives around "the sacred precincts of the tomb of
"Washington, and their bodies have been laid in
the soil of Virginia, so as to perpetuate thelib-
erty which our fathers designed should be ex-
tended to the white men and the white women
of this country forever and ever.
I wait for an argument based upon constitu-
tional grounds, showing our right to give Con-
gress this awful power to enter into the juris-
diction of the Slates of this country, and to
prostrate and destroy and break down those
grand symbols and principles of liberty which
lie at the foundation of our Government, and
under which we have enjoyed pcaec and pros-
perity for more than seventy-five years, in the
full protection of life, liberty, and property.
I am willing to trust brave men, men who
have shown as much bravery as those who were
engaged on battle-fields against the armed le-
gions oftheNorth ; because I believe that even
when they were fighting against, the flag of their
country, the great mass of those people were
moved by high and conscientious convictions
of duty. And in the spirit of Christianity, in
the spirit which Jesus Christ exercised when
He gave up His own life as a propitiation for a
fallen world, I would say to those southern
men, come here in the Iialls of Congress and
participate with us in passing laws which, if
constitutionally carried into effect, will control
the interests and destinies of four million peo-
ple, mostly living within the limits of your
States.
1 remember that our forefathers rebelled
against the power of Great Britain. Three
millions of the downtrodden people buckled on
their arms against all the power that the King
of England could summon, because the Brit-
ish Parliament attempted to pass laws affect-
ing vital interests of the colonists, while the
latter were not allowed representation in that
Parliament. Shall we now, in this era of civil-
ization and enlightenment, and as I hope of
civil liberty, when the groundworks of our
Union have been reestablished on a firm foun-
dation which I trust shall never be shaken or
disturbed, enact a law as despotic and tyranni-
cal as was the legislation of the British Parlia-
ment, when it attempted to enforce upon the
American colonies "taxation without repre-
sentation ?''
I believe that the eleven States of this Union
whose Representatives are at present denied
admission to these Iialls ought to be repre-
sented on this floor; and even if this measure
was altogether right and proper in its pro-
visions, yet as it is to affect mainly eight mil-
lion people who are not allowed to participate
in our legislation, I should still be unwilling
to give it my sanction, because I claim to be
here, not only as a Representative of my own
State, but as a guardian of the interests of the
downtrodden millions of the whole country,
whether they be within the limits of the south-
ern States, or within the boundaries of the
northern States that have always been loyal to
the Union.
I want to see this a great and glorious Union,
spreading itself over the whole continent. I
desire that our legislation shall be animated by
the spirit of charity and Christianity which will
induce southern men to love our country and
love the Union, so that when war shall again
invade our borders we may be able to march in
solid phalanx as one united people to the halls
of the Montezumas, to proclaim ourselves the
champion of the rights of downtrodden Ireland
and of all the oppressed millions, either of the
western or the eastern continent. I am as
much in favor of progress as any man; lamas
much in favor of the extension of civil liberty
as anybody. I am ready to join in such legis-
lation as will place us before the world as a
united people, and thus strike terror to the
monarchies and despotisms of the Old A'* orld.
Mr. THAYEIl. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask liim a question'?
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman say--, he is
a progressive man, and a man in favor of the
extension of human liberty. I desire the gen-
tleman to state whether he voted for the con-
stitutional amendment abolishing slavery.
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir; and I thank God
that I never did. T could not lie down on my
bed at night with a clear conscience if_ 1 had
been guilty of being engaged as a participant
in robbing a portion of the people of this coun-
try of millions of dollars invested "under the
Constitution in property in negroes, property-
which was recognized by our revolutionary
fathers, and for the protection of which they
fought as much as for anything else.
Mr. N1BLACK. Why did not the gentle-
man vote against it ?
Mr. ROGERS. I did vote against it the
first time it was offered, but the second time it
came up 1 was unable to vote against it. If I
had been here, I should have voted against it.
I had very good reasons for not being here. I
am clear in my conscience before God, and I
am willing to appear before Him at the judg-
ment seat on the last day to answer for the
truth of the assertion which I make now. If
1 could have been here, I would have cast my
vote most unhesitatingly against it. But sla-
very is dead now, and I am glad it is gone.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. COOK. Mr. Speaker, in listening to the
very eloquent remarks of the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] I have been aston-
ished to find that in liis apprehension this bill
is designed to deprive somebody in some State
of this Union of some right which lie has here-
tofore enjoyed. I am only sorry that he was not
specific enough; that he did not inform us what
rights are to lie taken away. lie has denounced
this bill as dangerous to liberty, as calculated,
in its tendency at least to destroy the liberties
of this country. I have examined this bill with
some care, and so far as I have been able to
understand it [have found nothing in any pro-
vision of it which tends in any way to take from
any man, white or black, a single right he en-
joys under the Constitution and laws of the Uni-
ted States.
We are told that this bill is destructive of con-
stitutional liberty, but we are not told whose
rights are infringed. We are not pointed to
one single right now possessed by a single white
man in this Government touched or impaired
by the provisions of this bill.
I would have been glad if he would have told
us in what manner the white men of this coun-
try would have been placed in a worse condi-
tion than they are now if this becomes the law.
This general denunciation and general assault
of the bill, without pointing out 011c single
thing which is to deprive one single man of
any right he enjoys under the Government,
seems to me not entitled to much weight.
What is the situation of affairs for which we
are called to legislate for four million human be-
ings who have been set free from chattel slavery
by the emancipation proclamation of the Pres-
ident and the amendment to the Constitution
of the United States ? They have become free.
They have become self-dependent. They are
in a position where they are required to take
care of themselves. Many of these men have
been engaged in defense of the country. In
the hour of danger tliey have been called upon
by US to aid in defense of the country; and we
have succeedcd with their aid in suppressing
a rebellion which threatened to overthrow the
Government of the country. What do we see ?
In six States of the Union formerly in rebel-
lion laws have been passed by the recon-
structed Legislatures of those States which
have been so malignant in their spirit toward
these freedmen, so subieisive of their liber-
ties, that the President of the United States
and the commanders acting by his authority
have set aside those laws and prevented their
execution. General Thomas in Mississippi,
General Swaync in Alabama, General Sickles
in South Carolina, and General Terry in Vir-
ginialiave issued positive orders forbidding the
execution of the laws which have passed the
Legislatures of those Slates against these black
grant. laws have been passed ; laws which,
under the pretense of selling those men as va-
grants. are calculated and intended to reduce
them to slavery again; and laws which pro-
vide for selling these men into slavery 111 pun-
ishment of crimes of the slightest magnitude;
laws so abhorrent to the spirit of the Govern-
