1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3043
RICHARD L. LAW.
On motion of Mr. NIBLACK, Senate joint
resolution No. 100, for the restoration of Lieu-
tenant Commander Richard L. Law, of the
United States Navy, to the active list from the
reserved list, was taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
DIVORCE IN THE DISTRICT OJ? COLUMBIA.
. Mr. WELKER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill regulating divorce in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
MRS. ANNA G. GASTON.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported
back Senate bill No. 2G1, for the relief of Mrs.
Anna G. Gaston, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll the name of Mrs. Anna G. Gaston, of the
city of Washington, widow of Albert G. Gas-
ton, deceased, late a lieutenant in the sixteenth
regiment of Virginia volunteers, from the date
of the discharge of her said husband from the
military service of the United States, on ac-
count of disability arising from disease con-
tracted in the said service, until the date of
his death, namely, from the 5th day of May,
18133, to the 7th day of February, 18G5, and to
cause to be paid to the said Mrs. Anna (5. Gas-
ton a pension at the rate of seventeen dollars
per month for the said term, without prejudice
to the pension heretofore allowed her by the
Commissioner of Pensions.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HUMBOLDT CANAL COMPANY.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Public Lands, reported back
Senate bill No. 140, to grant the right of way
to lie Humboldt Canal Company through the
puHic lands of the United States, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
right of way for a canal through the public lands
of the United States lying in Humboldt county,
State of Nevada, and the use of the land for
tow-paths, cuttings, and embankments, to the
extent of fifty feet on each side of the center
of the canal, shall be, and is hereby, granted
to the Humboldt Canal Company; provided
that in cases where deep excavation or heavy
embankment is required, such greater width,
not exceeding two hundred feet, may be taken
by said company as may be necessary ; that in
order to create a reservoir for said company
sufficient to feed said canal, in all seasons, said
company shall be, and is hereby, authorized,
by a dam across the Humboldt river, at such
point at or near the gap in the Fremont range
of mountains through which said river passes,
to flow so much of the public lands above said
dam as may be required for the purposes of
said reservoir; and that there shall be, and
is hereby, granted to said company the neces-
sary sites along said canal for waste gates, mill
sites, depots, and other uses of said canal, so
far as places convenient for the same fall upon
the public lands, and also the privilege of dis-
charging the waste waters of said canal over
any public lands, into the said Humboldt river,
at such places as may be suitable for that pur-
pose ; provided that the proper officers of said
company shall transmit to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office a correct plot of the
survey and location of said canal, and of the
sites needed for mills, depots, waste gates, and
other uses of said canal, before the appropria-
tion thereof for said uses shall become opera-
tive: and provided further, that unless thirty
miles of said canal shall be excavated within
one year, the whole within three years, from
date hereof, the grants hereby made shall cease
and determine; and provided further, that if
said canal shall at any time after its comple-
tion be discontinued or abandoned by said
company, the grants hereby made shall cease
and fletermine, and the lands hereby granted
shall revert to the United States; and provided
further, that nothing in this act shall be so con-
strued as to interfere with any grant of the
right of way and of public lands heretofore
made to any railroad company.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I want to call the
attention of the gentleman from Indiana to the
fact that this bill secures exclusive right to this
company of fifty feet on either side of this
canal, so that parties who may hereafter pur-
chase public lands of the United States will be
excluded from this strip on each side of this
ditch.
Mr. JULIAN, It was deemed necessary for
the right of way. It has been carefully con-
sidered by the committees of the Senate and
of this House, and they are both satisfied with it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. But this concerns
the people who may settle there. A man who
locates a quarter section through which this
canal passes will be excluded from fifty feet on
each side of this ditch. I think there should
be a provision to correct this.
Mr. BID WELL. Mr. Speaker, I can obviate
the objections raised by the gentleman from
Ohio, by stating that the land through which
this canal will pass is generally of a very barren
and worthless character. I have some knowl-
edge of that region from personal observation,
having been there, and I can say that very little
of the laud will ever be settled upon, and
especially if this canal and enterprises of this
kind should fail to be carried out, in order to
develop the mines and thereby create a market
for agricultural products.
The space of one hundred feet in width for
a canal is a small consideration in comparison
with the enhanaed value of the land by reason
of the canal; and settlers on the public lauds in
such a distant and desolate region can well
afford to have their quarter sections diminished
by the breadth of a canal which will double the
value of the remainder.
Mr. JULIAN. This right of way is deemed
important, and this grant is necessary to make
it enjoyable. I can see no objection to the
bill, and demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered : and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, reported back the amendments of- the
Senate, merely verbal, to House bill No. -81,
to amend the postal laws, with the recommen-
dation that they be concurred in.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in j
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. THAYER. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER stated as the first business
in order the unfinished business of last even-
ing, being the motion to reconsider the concur-
rent resolution for the final adjournment of
Congress, the pending question being the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which it was
adopted.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resofaed by <!"' Senate and flvweof ReprewiUutiycs,
That the President pro tempore of the Senate and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives be author-
ized to close the present session by adjourning their
respective Houses on Thursday, the 28th of Juno
instant, at twelve o'clock m.
The question being taken on the motion to
reconsider, there were—ayes 52, noes 42.
Mr. ROGERS and Mr. ELDRIDGE de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ANC ON A demanded tellers on calling
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused.
So the vote by which the resolution was
passed was reconsidered, and the question
recurred on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to refer the
resolution to the Committee of Ways and Means.
That committee are better qualified to judge
when this House should pass a resolution to
adjourn than any single member of this House,
much less a member of the Opposition. It will
be time enough when this House gets through
with its legitimate business to have a resolu-
tion of this kind introduced. Therefore I move
its reference to that committee, and on that I
demand the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWGRTH. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The motion to lay the resolution on the table
was not agreed to.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question on the mo-
tion to refer the resolution to the Committee
of Ways mid Means, and it was seconded.
Mr. liLDlllDGB. Is it in order to move
to refer the resolution to the committee on
reconstruction?
The SPEAKER. It would lie if the pre-
vious question were not seconded.
The main question was then ordered ; and
under the opeiation thereof the motion to
refer was agreed to—ayes sixty-live, noes not
counted.
Mr. ASIILEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken ; aud also moved that
the motion to reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY LAW.
Mr. BLAINE, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Military Affairs
a joint resolution declaratory of the law of
bounty.
The joint resolution was read, as follows :
Unsolved by the Senate and House of ]lepre>$entative8f
(be., That where any enlisted man has been or may
be detailed for duty as a clerk, or for any other duty,
in any executive bureau, at headquarters or elbe-
where, he shall not by such detail bo deprived of
any rights to bounty now due or hereafter to become
due, bat shall be as tully entitled thereto as though
no such detail had been made.
Mr. BLAINE. The object of this resolu-
tion is to get over a difficulty in the auditing
of cortain claims for bounty where men have
been detailed by superior officers, or by their
own volition, as clerks, and are still held as
enlisted men liable to court-martial. They
have been deprived of bounty, and this reso-
lution is merely declaratory of the law, placing
them where they stand according to law. I
hope the resolution may be put upon its pas>
sage now.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be engrossed;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was agreed to :
and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIllS Of WILLIAM CRAWFORD.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Military Af-
fairs was discharged from the further consid-
eration of tiie petition of the heirs of William
Crawford for a pension ; and the ^same was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions.
MORGAN rail).
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Military Af-
