3044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
fairs was discharged from the further consider-
ation of a resolution relative to the claim of
Ohio and Indiana for property seized by the
rebel Morgan; and the same was referred to
the committee on war debts of loyal States.
equestrian portrait OF general scott.
Mr. DAVIS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Joint
Committee on the Library be instructed to inquire
into the expediency of purchasing from the owner
thereof the equestrian portrait of the lato Lieutenant
Genoral Winfield Scott, which now adorns the walls
of the Capitol, and to take such action as they shall
deem proper.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; which was thereupon signed
by the Speaker:
An act (H. R. No. 654) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for contingent expenses of the liouse
of Representatives of the United States for the
fiscal year ending June 30,18G6.
courts of the district.
Mr. PH15LPS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to enlarge the appellate jurisdic-
tion of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia in chancery; which was read a first
and second time and referred to the Commit-
tee on the J udiciary.
horses and horse equipments.
Mr. GRINNELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill amendatory to the law relat-
ing to the loss of horses and horse equipments
in the service of the United States; which was
road a first and second time and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
printing 01'- a report.
Mr. LAFJjIN submitted, from the Com-
mittee on Printing, the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
llemlvd, That five thousand oxtra copics of tho
last Roportof the Smithsonian Institution bo printed,
two thousand for tho use of tho Institution and threo
thousand for tho use of tho members of this House.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amendment 01' the pension law.
Mr. CULLOM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Hemlvcd, That tho Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into tho expediency of so amend-
ing soction fivo of tho act to saant pensions as to
allow the issuance of pensions to date from tho dis-
charge of the soldier or sailor when tho application
is madewithin two years of tho date of such discharge.
message from the senate,
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the
House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, bill of the House No. 054, making
appropriations for the contingent expenses of
the House of Representatives for the fiscal year
ending June oO, 18ti0.
order 01? business.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the session of
to -morrow be devoted exclusively to debate
upon the President's annual message as in
Committee of tho Whole on tho state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
national bureau of education.
Mr. BBAMAN. I now demand the regular
order of business.
Tho H§use resumed the regular order of
business, being the bill (H. R. No. 276) re-
ported from the select committee on education,
to establish a national Bureau of Education ;
upon which the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Moclton] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, some four
weeks or more ago this bill was reported from
the select committee on a national Bureau of
Education, and printed and laid upon our tables.
I regret to say that, so far as I can understand,
it has not been examined by the members of
the House. It is of great national importance
at this time. I am satisfied that if thcr gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] who
spoke against this bill, had examined its scope
and what it proposes to accomplish, he would
not have made the observations that he did;
for, so far as I have observed his course here,
he has been kindly disposed toward all meas-
ures for the general interests of the country.
Now, sir. what is the scope and object of this
bill ? What does it propose to do ? It is simply
a measure for the benefit of universal educa-
tion. It proposes to establish a Bureau of Edu-
cationhere that shall have a general supervisory
power for the purpose of collecting statistics,
of showing the advantage of each system, of
collecting facts, and collating and bringingthem
together as we find them in the different States
and foreign countries. There is no complica-
tion about the bill. It is exceedingly simple.
It simply provides that there sliallbe appointed
a head of this department, with the necessary
number of clerics, and that the Superintendent
of Public Buildings shall provide him perhaps
two rooms. Andherc let me answer the ques-
tion of the distinguished gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Roomts,] that the entire cost of
this proposed department will not exceed ten
or fifteen thousand dollars per year.
Now, how is this bureau to be established
and organized? In the first place, it is to be
created by the passage of this bill; in the sec-
ond place, tho appointment of the head of this
bureau is to be by the President of tho United
States, who represents the entire people, by
and with the advice and consent of Senators,
who represent the respective States. The
head of this bureau should be a man of na-
tional character; of tho most enlarged capa-
city ; a man ofculturo, science,.and experience.
And I assume that the President, in the dis-
charge of the delicate duty that will be devolved
on him by tho passage of this bill, will appoint
the man best fiitcd to carry out the object and
purpose of this bill.
Now, let me call your attention to another
important fact in this connection. If this bill
has been thrust upon this House without any-
body asking for its passage, without anybody
desiring its passage; if there is no necessity
and no want in tho country that requires it,
of course it should not be passed. Now, how
has this subject been brought to the atten-
tion of this Congress? By the leading educa-
tional men all over the United States, from
Maine to Georgia, for the South has been
heard in this matter.
hi last January or February the leading edu-
cational men of this great Republic met here in
this city of Washington, and after a long and
careful conference, and a full discussion and
hearing upon all sides, they came to tho con-
clusion that a department of this kind was
absolutely necessary for the benefit of the whole
country and the promotion of the educational
interests of the country. That convention was
composed of such men as Hon. Newton Bate-
maii of Illinois, White of Ohio, and Adams of
Vermont, and other representative men, who
stand at the head of the educational interests
of their own States—men who have devoted
more than i hirty years of their lives to the dis-
cussion and consideration of educational sub-
jects. These men were entirely disinterested,
remarkably so, if the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Roqeiis] is correct in his objection
to this measure, that it will do away with the
State systems of education. The very men who
recommend this measure are the men who
inaugurated the existing systems of education
in their own States, and are at the head of those
systems at tho present time. As they readily
perceive, one of the great objects of the estab-
lishment of this bureau is that whatever advan-
tages there are in a particular system may be
pointed out by it, and the mischievous errors,
whatever they may be, may be corrected. This
might change particular systems, and improve
them, and this is the very object of the bill.
Allow me to make another statement in
reference to the character of the men who are
demanding the passage of this law at this time.
This national convention of educational men
appointed three of their most eminent mem-
bers to memorialize Congress in regard to this
matter. And I will say that the men thus
selected were eminently qualified for that pur-
pose. One was Hon. Newton Bateman, of
the State of Illinois, who has been identi-
fied with the system of education there for
years, and has given it complexion and con-
sistency, and has by his energy and ability
established one of the finest school systems in
the world. Another was Professor White, of
Ohio, a man of the most enlarged capacity,
who is at the head of the common-school sys-
tem of that great State. Another was Pro-
fessor Adams, of Vermont, a man who from
his eminent, ability and services in that direc-
tion is entitled to have his opinions upon ques-
tions of this kind regarded as of great weight.
Now, those are the eminent men who came up
here and presented their memorial to Congress
with this simple bill for the purpose of inau-
gurating this machinery for thepurpose of sup-
plying a want that has been felt in this country
for more than thirty years.
Now, one of the objections which was urged
against this bill by the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Rogers] was that it was a now
thing; that this is an innovation. Permit me
to say to members of this House that this is no
new thought. This great question has been
discussed by the educational men of this coun-
try and its necessity has been felt for many
years. Any one who has been familiar with
tho educational journals and educational'con-
ventions of our country knows that this very
question has been one of the most prominent
topics of discussion—the want of an authorita-
tive head here at the seat of Government. Be-
sides, we have the example of nearly all Euro-
pean Governments in this regard. I will simply
allude to France, Prussia, and Great, Britain,
who have set us an example in this regard.
Therefore the charge that this is a new thing,
and has its origin in the chimeras of to-day, is
in fact not true.
Nov/, Mr. Speaker, what is tho true, genuine
spirit of our institutions? Upon what are they
founded? The two great pillars of our Amer-
ican Republic, upon which it rests, are uni-
versal liberty and universal education. We
have established universal liberty through a
bloody conflict, through four years of carnage
and war, and Congress by the passage of the
civil rights bill has provided the machinery by
which universal liberty can be enforced and
guarantied, and the citizen everywhere pro-
tected. One of these pillars, then, rests upon
a solid and firm foundation. The other pillar
is universal education. In this republican
Government it is admitted upon all hands,
even by tho gentleman from New Jersey, that
the perpetuity of our institutions depends upon
the intelligence of the people, and without that-
intelligence we can have no guarantee of the
continuance of our republican form of gov-
ernment.
Now, sir, in order to make education uni-
versal, what do we want? What is the cry-
ing necessity of this nation to-day? Why. sir,
we want a head. We want a pure fountain,
from which a pure stream can be poured upon
all the States. We want a controlling head
by which the various conflicting systems in the
different States can be harmonized, by which
there can be uniformity, by which all mischiev-
ous errors that have crept in may be pointed
out and eradicated. We want a head to this
great system for the purpose of giving direction
and vitalizing the whole educational interest
of the country.
Now, sir, let us look at the practical results
which we may reasonably expect from the adop-
tion of this measure, for the remarks which I
