1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It is said tliat this measure is unconstitu-
tional. Then let us amend the Constitution
so as to render such legislation proper. Oh,
no, they say, we will not amend, the Constitu-
tion. Then let us prescribe some conditions
to these States that will guaranty the protec-
tion of these people. No, they cry; it is
tyranny to ask for any guarantee from them.
The whole scope and meaning of this objection
and opposition are that these people are to be
abandoned, are to be left without the protec-
tion of this Government. They are to be told
that notwithstanding the faith of this nation,
when we asked them to take up arms in our
defense, was pledged to guaranty freedom to
them, yet now when we have secured our end
by their aid, we will abandon them, and leave
them in the hands of men whoso hatred against
them is intensified by the very part they played
at our command.
Does any man ill this House believe that
these people can be safely left in these States
without the aid of Federal legislation or mili-
tary power? Does any one believe that their
freedom can be preserved without this aid? _ If
any man does so believe, he is strangely blind
to the history of the past year; strangely blind
to the enactments passed by Legislatures touch-
ing these freedmen. And I shuddered as I
heard the honorable gentleman from New Jer-
sey [Mr. Rogkus] claiming that he was speak-
ing and thinking in the spirit which animated
the Saviour of mankind when He made atone-
ment for our race; that it was in that spirit he
was acting when he was striving to have these
people left utterly defenseless in the hands of
men who are proving day by day, month by
month, that they desire to oppress^ them, for
they had been made free against their consent.
Every act of legislation, every expression of
opinion on their pal t proves that these people
would be again enslaved if they were not pro-
tected by the military arm of the Federal Gov-
ernment; without, that they would be slaves
to-day. And 1 submit, with all deference, that
it is anything but the spirit which the gentle-
man claims to have exercised which prompted
the argument lie has made.
For myself, f trust that this bill will be passed,
because I consider i I the most appropriate means
to secure the end desired; and that these peo-
ple will be protected. I trust that we will say
to them, because upon our call you aided us
to suppress this rebellion: because the honor
and faith of the nation were pledged for your
protection, we will maintain your freedom, and
redeem that pledge.
Air. TIIAYElt"obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed for the
present. 1 propose, if this motion be adopted,
to move that the House resolve itself into^ the
Committee of the Whole on _the ntate ot the
Union, and resume the consideration of the
deficiency bill.
The motion was agreed to.
BOUNTIES TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. SITGTtEAVES, by unanimous consent,
presented the joint resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of New Jersey,, relative to
bounties to New Jersey soldiers mustered into
the service of the United States for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion ; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordeivd
to be printed.
STATISTICS OF MTLTTAUY SERVICE, ETC.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous eon-
sent. submitted the following resolution:
Resolved. That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to this House the number oi regiments
of each arm uf the scrvicc furnished by each Mate
during the recent war, designating them by number
or name bow dis-tribntcd during each year oi service,
in what battles tlicy were engaged, their aggregate
sbength on entering the service, the number of re-
cruits lcreived by each during each year, the aggre-
gate present at each battle where engaged and the
number of killed and wounded at each battle.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for execu-
tive information, unanimous consent is neces-
sary for its consideration on this day.
There was no objection.
Mr. ROSS. Will not my colleague [Mr.
Farxsworth] consent to modify this resolution
so as to inquire also why the Illinois troops
whose time has expired have not been mustered
out of service?
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I have no objection
to that inquiry, but I think that my colleague
had better embrace it in a separate resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
EXAMINERS IN THE PATENT OFFICE.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill regulating appeals to the_ exam-
iner-in- chief in the Patent Office; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Patents.
MISSOURI CO-XIT.STET) ELECTION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented papers in the case of Sempronius IT.
Bovd, contesting the scat of Hon. John R.
Ivki.so. a Representative from the State of Mis-
souri ; which were referred to the Committee
of Elections.
j DEFICIENCY BILL.
i Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rulcs^
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to take up the deficiency appro-
priation bill
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. WEyrwonTJi in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 80, making additional
appropriations, and t o supply deficiencies in the
appropriations, for sundry civil expenses oi^the
Government for the fiscal year ending the l>0th
of June, IRfifi, and for other purposes.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Bergen, to strike out lines five hundred
and forty-six to five hundred and sixty-two
inclusive, as follows:
For building a custom-house at Portland, Maine,
in addition to the sum heretofore appropriated by
Congress, 'jTo.OOO: /WMcrf, That the Secrctaryoi the
Trcti-ury limy, it' hot h inks it «id visible, oxpend ft sum
not c'xccedmsr $23,000. ui the purchase oi frromid nd-
ioiiimsc the Mte of the old eu.-tom-hou^e on lore
street now owned bvthe United Sinte?, lov 1oc p>n-
po«oof e lar«iufr the some, or the Secretary may ex-
change the lot now owned as atores.iiu lor a moie
eligible one, it' tho fame can be proenred: but no
raon<>^' shail bo p;i id or :icrrecd to be p:i;d <)> the ulu-
ted Slates in consideration of such cxebance, and no
trarHer sa* hnnicnl, or conveyance of pioputyby
the United State - shall be made upon sueh evclumge,
except a conveyance, on its behalf, by the hecietary
of the Trea-mv, of the interest of the United btates
in the lot aforesaid and the building thereon.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. [ move to amend bystrik-
ing out lino^ five hundred and seventy-live to
five hundred and seventy-seven inclusive, as
follows:
To enable the Joint Committee on the Library to
purcha>e tibv of new?papeis for the Congressional
Libraiy,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BKXJAMJN. I move to amend, by in-
sert.in'r after lino pix bundled the toliowing:
Prnri-lrr>, Tluit 110 part of the turn.- appiopiiatedby
the Ijinvnimu. oi this act shall be expended in viola-
tion of ihe piovisioiis or the act cutit .cd An aet to
pre-Ci-ibe an oath 0!' oiiiuc and tor other purposes,
approved July 2, lirjj.
! Mr. BIIOOMALL. Mr. Chairman, I desire
! to know what 1 lie gentleman from .Missouri [Mr
lUAUUH nudiuiv  - I' ll
13nxJAMud means by the amendment v.hicn lie
nroposes. This is the secund time that such a
proviso has been offered, without explanation,
to an appropriation bill. I rise tor the purpose
of asking the gemlcman what he intends by it:
whether lie means to imply that any Depart-
ment of this Government has been paying out
the public money in violatvm oi the provisions
of the act, eited in Ins proviso?
1 ask him whether there i s not now a taw pro-
hibiting monevs being paid out of the ireasury
to any'person who has not complied with the
provisions of that act? ~V\hy is he reenacting
that law? I ask again, what is the use ot the
existing law if it requires reenaetmont 011 every
bill?
If any Department Has been violating that
law, it is quite time the people of the country
should know it. If there is anybody^ in the
country above and beyond the law, it is iquite
time the people should be informed. ' My
object is to get that information.
Mj. BENJAMIN. Mr. Chairman, in reply
to the question of the gentleman from Pena-
sylvania, I will say that we have the fact offi-
cially made to the Senate by the heads of at
least two of the Departments, that appoint-
ments have been made in violation of law.
The further fact is reported that in the case of
certain persons appointed as provisional gov-
ernors they have been paid" out of the contin-
gent fund'of the War Department.
The purpose of the amendment will be read-
ily understood by all who are conversant with
the act to which the amendment alludes: It
is humiliating to be obliged to legislate to pre-
vent a further violation of the laws on the part
of those upon whom the Constitution has im-
posed the duty of seeing that they are faith-
fully executed. Congress has, after deliber-
ation, passed an act designed to protect the
Government against the machinations of trai-
torous officers by requiring them to declare their
innocence of any complicit y in the late attempt
to subvert it, and a promise of loyalty in the
future. The law is either a good law or it is
a bad law, either wise or unwise, wholesome or
unwholesome. If the law is unwise and oper-
ates injuriously, it should be forthwith repealed;
but whether good 01* bo d, it should be enforced
until it is repealed. I assume, however, that
Congress intends to perpetuate the restrictions
imposed upon those '' guilty of their country's
blood," as I see 110 effort is being made to re-
move them from the statute-book. Perhaps
we are powerless in preventing the appoint-
ment of such persons to important offices, but
we can give a gentle hint to all those "whom
it may concern" of our displeasure at such
flagrant violations of the law of the land, by
refusing the means for their payment. If we
fait to rebuke such acts, but go on and vote the
money for their salaries, we indirectly sanction
the act and make ourselvespctrticcps cvimviis.
Let us sav in these bills, " We believe the lie-
public contains a sufficient number of loyal
citizens to fill all the offices, and if any others
are imposed upon us they need expect 110 coin-
pensatiou iron) Congress.'1 Iliopo the a-inend-
vnent will be adopted.
Mr. BUOOMALL. I move to strike out the
last word.
Mr. Chairman, I ask the Clerk to read the
existing law.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Hereafter every person clected or appointed to
any office ofhonoror profit under the Government of
the United States, either m the civil, military or
naval departments of the public service, excepting the
President of the United States, shall, betore entei.ins
upon the duties ot said ofiice and befoie being entitled
to 'U1V of the sa.hi.rv or other emoluments thereof, take
and sulwiibe tlic'i'ollowing oath 01- aflirmation:
"I do u'j'emnly swear (or allirnu that 1 have never
yolunta. ilv bonie aimsaeainst tlio United fetates since
I h'ivo been a citizen thereof; that I have voluntarily
given no aid, countenance, counsel, or encouragement
to persons engaged in armed hostility thci oto, that JL
have neither souccht nor accepted, nor attempted to
cxercise the functions of any office whatever under
any authority or pretended authority m hosuhty to
the United States; that I have not yielded a volun-
tary *up port to any pretended government,authority 
power, or constitution within the United fetates hos-
tile or inimical thereto. tliAfcpef-,
"And I do further swcar(or affirm)that to the best
of my knowledge and ability. I will support and de-
tend the Con dilution tho United States asainst^all
enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will beai tlue
faith and allegiance to the same; that Itake thteOD
ligation freely, without any mental lunation or
amonf? the files ot :the court Hmi',<> °'
shaTbe deiiSr d of his o&ce, and rendered incapa-
ble foi ever after of holding any office of place under
the United States." _
Mr BROOMALL. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
desire to know whether any language can be
stronger than the language of the aet which lias
