62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
The SPEAKER. The Chair can make no
decision except -on points of order; and these
various suggestions are not points of order.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman rise
to a point of order?
Mr. THAYER. No, sir; simply to appeal
to the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. WilsoxJ to
allow me to make a suggestion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Washbukke] has objected to further
debate.
Mr. THAYER. I simply desire to make a
suggestion In regard to the phraseology of the
resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. It is very good as it is.
Mr. THAYER. I do not appeal to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens ;] I
appeal to the gentleman from Iowa.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that,
the previous question havingbeen seconded, the
resolution cannot now be modified except by
unanimous consent, because the House may de-
sire to take a vote upon the proposition in the
exact shape in which it was introduced.
Mr. THAYER. It is qijite. apparent that,
if the resolution pass in its present shape, it
will bind this House not to receive members
unless 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The Chair must arrest all debate and conver-
sation, unless gentlemen rise to legitimate
points of order.
The previous question was seconded, there
being, on a division—ayes ninety-three, noes
not counted.
The main question was ordered, which was
upon agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. AXCONA called the veas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tlie question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107? nays oG, not voting
19 : as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
jjuoni.iiiii, 'JIUIUJ, 131U HC.V VjiaiJvn, VjUDU, V Oil a X, K-
imff, Cook, Cullom, Befrees, Deming:, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eekley, Eliot, Ferry, Gnnneil, A'oncr
O. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higbv, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester
I). Hubbard, Dcmas Hubbard, John TI. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Jngcrsoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kellcy, Kelso,
Tvptvham, Kuykendoli, Laflin, George V. liowrenoe,
William Lawrcnce, Loan, Longyear, Marston, Mar-
vin, McClurg, Melncloc, Mclvce, McRuer, Mercur,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, New-
ell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Pike,
Plants, Price, Alexander If. llice, John H. Rice. Kol-
lms, Sfiwyer, Scofield, Shcllabarger, Sloan. Spalding,
Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Trowbiirlgo, Upson, Van A or-
nam, Burt Van Horn, Ward, ffamcr, lilihu B.Wash-
SSP\e> William B. Washburn, Welker, Wcntworth,
Williams, James 1\ Wilson, Stephen 3?. Wilson, and
Windom—107.
KAYS — Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Blow, Boyer,
Brooks, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Denison, Bldridge,
rarquhar, Finek. Glossbrenner, Grider, Griswokl,
Hale, Aaron Harding, Hill. Ilogan, Edwin N. Hub-
bell James R. Ilnbbell, James Humphrey, James
M. Humphrey, Johnson, Kasson, Ivcrr, Xjatham, Le
Blond, Marshall, .Niblaek, Nicholson, jS'oell, i'helns,
Radford, Samuel J, Randall, William II. .Randall,
Raymond, Hitter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin,
Sitgreaves, Sniitfi, S'tilhvcll, Strouse, Taber, Taylor,
Francis Thomas. John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trim-
Mo, Voorhees, Whaley, Winfield, and Wright—5b.
■NOT ^ OTIJSTG—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Bimtlv,
Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Culver, Dawes. Delano.
Dumont. Eggleston, I'arnsworth, fiarficM, Goodyear,
Harris, Jones, Dyncb, MeCullough, Millei, Pomero\,
fcehenck, Robert T. Van Horn, and Woodbridge—lit.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the House agreed to the res-
olution ; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DECEASE 01' SENATOR COLLAMER.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Pokxey,
its Secretary, communicated resolutions adopted
by the Senate relative to the decease of Hon.
Jacoh Collajier, late a Senator from the State
of Vermont.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the resolu-
tions were taken from the table and read, as
follows:
Jiesolved, unaiiirwunly, That the Senate has received
With the deepest sensibility the announcement of the
death of Hon. .Jacob Ooilameis, late a Senator of the
United States from the State of Vermont.
Resolved, unanimomhj, That the members of the
Senate, from a sincere desire of showing every mark
of respect due to the memory of Hon. Jacob Coli.a-
mee, will go into mourning by wearing crape on the
left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, unanimously, That as a further mark of
respect for the memory of the deceased, the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, the resolu-
tions just received from the Senate announce,
what recurs with painful regularity, that death
has again thinned our numbers, and that we,
members of Congress, sooner, perhaps, than
otlieis in different walks of life, are doomed
to an early dismissal from among the living.
In this instance, it is true that our deceased
friend, the late Senator from Vermont, had
reached fullness of years and of honors, but his
constitution had been so admirably preserved
that those of us who had recently associated
with him were glad to believe he had yet many
years in store of useful and lustrous service.
His sudden departure surprised the country
and his colleagues as much as his own family,
and he will bo as sincerely lamented by the
public as by his friends and relatives. It was
my happiness to have been admitted to his in-
timacy, and I shall speak of him in terms of
affection, my feelings not allowing me to do
less, but at the same time, as he would him-
self have most desired, with entire justice.
Hon. Jacob Collamer would have been
seventy-five years old had he lived until the
8th of January next, havingbeen born at Troy,
New York, January 8, 1701. With his father,
a soldier of the RiJvolutipn, he moved to Bur-
lington, Vermont, where he received his educa-
tion, and graduated at the Vermont University
in the class of 1810. After being admitted to
the bar in 181:1, lie made a brief campaign in
I the lastwarwitli England. as a lieutenant of artil-
lery in the dctaclied militia of the United States
service, and there was no portion of his history
to which he referred with more pride. Hav-
ing settled in Rovalton, he represented the town,
while successfully pursuing his profession, in
the State Legislature in 1821. 1822, 1827, and
1828, was member of the State constitutional
convention in 1836, and was made associate
justice of the supreme court of Vermont in
18.33. He was continued on the bench until
18-12, when ho was elected a member of the
House of Representatives in the Congress of
the (J nitetl States. Reelected in 1844 and 1846,
he was, at the expiration of his service in this
House, immediately called to the Cabinet of
President Taylor. Upon the death of the Presi-
dent he resigned his place in 18-30. The same
year he was again placed as judge in the supremo
court of Vermont, and so remained until 1854.
| when ho was elected a Senator of the United
States for six years from 18-5-j. At the expira-
tion of the term he was reelected. At his first
entrance upon his duties in the Senate he was
placed upon the Committee on Territories, ot
which Judge Douglas was chairman, and made
the celebrated reply of the minority (JIarehl2.
| 18.36) to the report of that distinguished gentle-
i man on the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas.
; The oompact statement of facte, the logical de-
j ductions therefrom, and the powerful conden-
! sation of the summing up at the conclusion, at
, once established his reputation in that body of !
I which he became so marked a member. At
the close of his career he held the position of
chairman of the Committee on the Post Oiiiee
and Post Roads, chairman of the J oint Commit-
tee 011 the Library, and was also member of the
[ Committee on the Judiciary. He received the
honorary degree ofLL.D.'from the Vermont
University in 1849 and from Dartmouth College
in 18o7. Suffering from a sharp attack of con-
gestion of the lungs, induced by a cold caught
while returning from the funeral of a brother,
Senator Collamer died, from an organic disease
of the heart, on the evening of Thursday, No-
vember 0 last, at his residence in Woodstock,
attended by the love and watchful solicitude of
a devoted family, where the pastor of his church,
on (he following Sabbath, performed impress-
ive funeral services, without pomp or show, and
where the people of the town and the bereaved
family, as the sun was slowly sinking in the
west, followed him with tears andsoriowtohis
quiet tomb.
His constant elevation produced no change
in the modesty of his demeanor, and there -was
no station, in this long recital of his public em-
ployments, which he did not fitly fill and adorn.
At the start in life, young Collamer was a
Jeffersonian Republican. Later, when parties
assumed other names, ho was a Whig, and
always distinguished for the thoroughness with
which he examined all questions, for his moder-
ation, forthe courtesy with which he ever treated
political opponents, and for his scorn, which
he took no pains to conceal, of demagogues.
Though stoutly maintaining his own predilec-
tions, he reviled with cruel words neither par-
ties nor persons, and now, that his course is
run, ho is at peace with all the world.
As a judge, he was distinguished for swiftness
in the dispatch of business, for ability arid stern
impartiality, and for the perspicacity of his
opinions, as orally delivered or as recorded
in reports. While in oQice, though habitually
urbane, he never forgot the gravity and dignity
of his judicial position, which sometimes gave
the impression of hauteur not actually felt. He
was a good disciplinarian, and, therefore, oc-
casionally curt, as when the time of the court
was unnecessarily consumed by illogical or ir-
relevant speeches, and the unfortunate mem-
bers of the bar, or partial observers, may have
thought he w-as sour and cold, when he was
| really, to those who knew him, a man of excel-
j lent humor, and as appreciative of merit as of
j demerit. While he had a fall grasp and com-
prehension of the principles ol'law, his memory
never failed to supply instances in which those
principles had been illustrated.and apjdied.
Under his administration, jurors bad little diffi-
eulty in the solution of nice questions of law
| and fact, however intimately blended: and the
; authority of jurors under his guidance and
I teachings suffered no depreciation, but their
| functions and capacity appeared to be vindi-
! cated upon every trial. In a State which has
' not been deficient in eminent jurists, including
suclimenasChipman, Chase, Van Ness. Phelps,
Prentiss, and Williams in the past, not to say
anything of the living, the name of Collamer
is, and will be, ranked as a worthy peer. He
was an upright judge.
It will be remembered that the Cabinet of
General Taylor, in its high order of character
and ability, has rarely, if ever, been surpassed
in the history of our country, and it was. in
fact, what cabinets were designed to be, the wise
council of the President. Among such dis-
tinguished associates it is fair to say the late
Senator was not dwarfed by contrast with any.
Tn the discharge of the practical duties of his
Department he is still remembered by official
( veterans yet lingering there for his untiring do-
] votion and inteliigeijt application to that busi-
ness of the Government, which comes to the
: knowledge and touches the daily aeeommo-
| dations of more persons than that of any cr all
; other of the Executive Departments. "By his
j report it appears that the excess of the revenues
; of the General Post Office over the expendi-
tures in 1849 was $100,OOu, but soon alter it
: ceased to be even self-sustaining, presenting
^ annual deficits until the present 3 ear. While
' Postmaster General lie organized a division in
; his Department to attend to all foreign mails,
: foreign postal arrangements, and oeean steam-
ship lines. The existing postal tieaty with
! Great Britain, at his entrance, just agreed upon,
| was carried out by him, and all the details for
! that purpose perfected. The various subse-
| quent international postal arrangements show
I the wisdom of such treaties, aud they are sell
; executed in the Department according to the
| original plan. The administration of the office
i v/lisle in the hands of Mr. Collamuii a with
no complaint, which is the highest compliment
this extended' and ever-extending .Department
can achieve.
While in the Senate he commanded the con-
fidence of all its members, and the measures
