1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
just been read? If we do not intend to enforce
that law there is no use in attaching this pro-
vision to the appropriation bills.
I had heard it intimated that the law had
been violated, and it was for the purpose of
knowing whether that was true 1 made what
might appear an objection to the amendment.
My purpose is to vote for it, just as I would
vote for the prosecution of violations of exist-
ing law, and just as I would vote for articles of
impeachment for violating that law, if brought
here. Itis quite time some one should take upon
himself to enforce acts of Congress, and not
suffer them to be violated by any officer, in
whatever position he may be.
1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I renew it. I rise simply
to say, Mr. Chairman, if the charges which are
made by the honorable gentleman from Mis-
souri and the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania are correct, the proper course is not
to reenact the law—that is a more farce—but
to follow out the insinuation or suggestion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and that is
to institute an inquiry for preferring articles of
impeachment against the President of tlio Uni-
ted States.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks.] Wo know how easy it is for men
who arc full of business, as they are in the
Departments of Has (lovernment, to overlook
a small law of this kind. I do not suppose
that they have willfully violated it. True ii is,
the Secretary of the Treasury lolls us thai he
does not find men there sufficiently qualified io
net, and therefore he takes these men. So, 1
believe, the Postmaster (leneral, out of .six
thousand postolliccs, can find but two thousand
which he considers he ean lill under the law.
isow, 1 understand and a great many have
understood that law to mean, not only that no
rebel should bo put in, but we must find loyal
men who sustain the President's doctrine of
reconstruction; and that being the delusion
under which these gentlemen are acting, it is
probably right t hat we should pass t his amend-
ment tor the purpose of clearly defining what
Congress menus.
Mr. BROOKS withdrew his amendment.
The question being tnken on the amendment
of Mr. Bknmamin, it was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by trans-
ferring the item on page 02, and inserting it
after what has already been inserted after line
six hundred, that being the appropriate place
for it. It is a mere transfer :
For the purchase of (he piopertv in Washington
city known us Ford's theater, for ihedopoMl and safe-
keeping of documentary papoiN relating lo I,ho sol-
diers of the Army of tlu> United States, and of the
museum of tho medical and buigieul department of
tho Army, $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi. WASUBU UNE, of Illinois. J move to
strike out the following on pages '28 and
lines one to fourteen inclusive:
Sec.—, And b<-itfurth< r vn<u-trd, Thnt tho sum of
$10,4!)2 45 be, and is hereby, appropriated to pay
Madison Sweet/.er, upon condition that tho said Mad-
ison Sweetzor shall, first, 1>y a good mid MtflieienL
deed, convoy to the 1'mted States nil In* right, title,
mid interest in and to tho following lands, conveyed
by tho United,States to Joseph Richardvillo, nr., and
Joseph Riehardvillo, jr., by treaty at Si. Mary's, Oc-
tober <>, ISIS, to wit, the west half of section number
twenty-six, the cast half of section number twenty-
eight, and sectionnumbertwenty-M-ven,of towmdiip
ihe south, lango lour oast, lying iu tho county of
Auglaize and State of Ohio.
This seems to bo purely a private matter, and
has no right to be in an appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. This was a matter con-
nected with tho Government in the granting of
land. It granted and received pay for land
which it did not own, and, upon a settlement
afterward with Mr. Swectzcr, upon a recom-
mendation from the Department to pay it, the
matter came legitimately before the Committee
of Ways and Means last year, and before the
Committee on Appropriations this year. As it
came from one of the Departments upon a
recommendation, I considered it appropriate
in its present place; and, unless there is .some
objection to the claim itself, of which I know
nothing, not having investigated it, I do not
see why the parties should be any longer de-
layed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think wc
ought to have affirmative reasons for putting a
thing of this kind in this bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I hope my friend from
Illinois will withdraw that motion. It is right,
I have no doubt about it.
The question being taken on striking out the
foregoing section, it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the following section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That tho Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized to increase the
clerical force in the office of the AssistantTreasurerof
Philadelphia,and thcaggregate salaricsofsaidclcrks
shall not exceed the sum of $9,000, which amount is
hereby appropriated out of any money m the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
I do it for the reason that it is increasing the
salaries of the officers of the Government of a
particular class. L do not think we should go
on to increase salaries generally, much less to
do so in special cases. This seems to be an
absolute increase of the clerical force in Phil-
adelphia. If that is done, the same reason
will apply to Boston, New York, Chicago,
Cincinnati, and elsewhere. I do not sec any
reason why we should make, this distinction,
and 1 hope this section will be stricken out.
Mr. STKVENS. I hope it will not. ft has
been recommended by the Treasury Depart-
ment, upon a full examination, as absolutely
necessary in orderto carry on the department.
There was one department which always had
less appropriation for compensation than any
similar department anywhere else. This isone
which requires «ood men to till it, and this is
insei ted upon the recommendation of the Treas-
ury Department.
'Mr. WAKllBUllNfE, of Illinois. One word.
1 think the gentleman from Pennsylvania must
bo mistaken. This has nothing to do with the
Mint, as 1 understand, but merely with the As-
sistant. Treasurer, under the sub-Treasury law.
Mr. KTEVKNS. lie is an officer of the Mint,
cx officio.
Mr. WAXUBUliNE, of Illinois. I am not
aware of that, and the same principle would
apply all around. Unless we are prepared to go
ahead and increase all these salaries, I do not
see why we should increase the salaries of this
particular class.
Mr. DARLING. 1 move pro formato strike
out the last word of the clause proposed to be
stricken out.
1 suggest that if this clause is to be retained,
it should pnn ide for the number of clerks to be
employed, it is very clear that, otherwise one
clerk might be appointed, constituting an "in-
crease of tho clerical force,*' who could receive
the whole amount appropriated, £'.>,000, or lie
might roeei\e a salary of $1,000, and the bal-
ance of the appropriation might be divided
among the existing force of this Assistant
Treasurer.
it strikes mo that if this section is to be re-
tained—and f do not know but what it should
bo retained—if should define the clerical forcc
to be paid by the appropriation.
1 now withdraw my amendment to the amend-
ment.
Tho question was taken on Mr. Wasiibfrxk's
I amendment; and if was disagreed to—ayes
thirty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. STEVKNS. f move to strike out from
line one, on page 00, down to and including
the last line on page 'Y2, as follows:
Si:o. —. And he it further ewct^d, That the follow-
ing sums he, and tho same are hereby, appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, lor the objects hereinafter expressed, viz:
Office of United States depositary, Louisville;
For salary of cashier, St,800.
For salary of book-keeper. $1,500.
For salary of assistant cashier, $1,320.
For sahir> of clerk, $1,320.
For compensation of tho officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and others, receiving an annual salary in the
service of the House of Representatives, i?l,lS4 04.
For contingent expenses, &G25.
Office United States depositary, Chicago:
For salary of cashier, $l,H0d.
For salary of clerk, $J,00U.
For contingent expenses, $100.
Office United States depositary, Pittsburg:
For salary of cashier, $1,500.
For salary of assistant cashier, SI,000.
For salary of watchman, $900.
For contingent expenses, $200.
Office United States depositary, Baltimore:
For salary of cashier, $1,800.
For salary of clerk, $1,500.
For salary of clerk, 81.200.
For salary of clerk, §1,000.
For salary of clerk, $900.
For salary of messenger, $900.
For contingent expenses, $360.
Office United States Assistant Treasurer, Saa
Francisco:
For salary of cashier, $2,500.
For salary of book-keeper, $2,000.
Office United States depositary, Cincinnati:
For salary of assistant cashier, $1,500.
For salary of assistant cashier, $1,200.
For salary of assistant cashier, $1,000.
For salary of teller, $1,300.
For salary of book-keeper, $1,500.
For safifry of two clerks, $2,500.
For salary of clerk, $1,200.
For contingent expenses, $2,000.
For the purchase of the property in W ashington city,
known as Ford's theater, for the deposit and safe-
keeping of documentary papers relating to tho sol-
diers of the Army of tho United States, and of tho*
museum of the medical and surgical department of
tho Army, 8100,000.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That tho sum of
$9,881 25 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated,
out of any mouey in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for tho payment of salaries of clerks and
others indicated in tho preceding section, and of con-
tingent expenses for the three months ending Juno
30,18iw.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the follow-
ing sums be, and tho .sumo are hereby, appropriated
out of anv money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for deficiencies in the appropriations lor
the objects hereinafter exprcs.^cd, viz:
For compensation of clerics, messengers, and others
receiving an annual salary in the service of the House
of Representatives, $142,%!.
For clerks of eoninnttees and temporary clerks in
the office of tho Clerk of the House, $1,180.
Foi contingent expenses of tho House of Repre-
sentatives, viz:
For fuel and lights, pay of engineer, firemen, and
laboreis, repairs and materials, $10,000.
For furniture, repairs, and packing boxes for mem-
bers, $20,000.
For pages and temporary mail boys, $2,300.
For stationery, $13,432.
Fur salary ot the stenographer, appointed under
resolution of January 5, 1M5, $3,050.
For additional compensation to laborers in the
Clerk's office of tho llouse of Representatives, as
allowed by act of Juno 25,1861, $730.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enaeted, That the proper
accounting officers of tho Treasury Department do,
and they are hereby, authorized to pay A. D. Col-
lingsworth, O. 1L Vedder, Edward It. Sherman, Tho-
ophilus 31. Galdwin, Chailes C.Adams, Samuel W.
Tucker, and the other persons em ployed by the deputy
provost marshal of the District of Columbia in tho
enrolling office of said marshal, for night-work and
special service performed in pursuance of a contract
between said clerks and said provost marshal, such
accounts being properly certified upon the rolls, or
by said deputy piovost marshal, and the amount ne-
f'essary th^roi'or is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I felt unwilling to allow
this section to pass without naming the per-
sons who were to be paid under it. I therefore
went to the Treasury Department and obtained
the names not here inserted. I now move to
strike out the words uand the other persons,"
after the words ''Samuel \Y. Tucker," and
insert the following:
J. G. Adams, A. Bengerol, J. A. Odell, V. Barnes,
11. A. Cronin, T. lNr. Adams, J. C. Olcary, W. D. Lind-
sey, A. Jewctt, jr., F. Cochin, B. C. Farliss. J. P.
Townsend, C. VI. Odell, J. C. Morchead, T. P. Lee,
H. W. Satter, James Cro-:s. J. 11. Crud, 11. B. Rourke,
10. A. Lipscomb, George Cottcnha.ni, C. A. Perkins,
W. B. Cudlipp, T. S. Baher, J. JVL Conroy, 0. W.
Bogdcn, J. O. Armcs, J. Bellows, E. T. Brossius, J.
J. Calvert, F. G. Calvert, G. D. Curtis, W. B. Dyer,
1). A. Fish, A. II. Gillespie, R. D. Guillien, Charles
Gohun, II. Ilolmes, (r. C. Halliday, It. E. Messcr, E.
C. Mc-ser, F. Madden, W.McKcc,W. II. E. Overend,
S. B. Poiter, P. W. Pearson, J. L. Bowland, C. V.
Ilotterden, E. J. Sehnle, E. J. Sweet, F. J. Schea, J.
C. Williams, J. G. Wilson, L. K. Brown, J. II. Gunn,
11. A. Dobson, J. A. Mclntyre, V. B. Munsou, J. J,
Dickens, W. E. Amies, and B. W. Parsons.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the committee will consent to go back and
strike out the lines which on yesterday I pro-
posed to have stricken out, but some gentleman
on the other side objected. I understand that
objection is now withdrawn. I therefore ask
