1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2087
question lias been raised in the discussion as
to the present siatus of these States. The hon-
orable chairman of the committee on recon-
struction [Mr. Stevens] in an able speech de-
livered in the House on the 18th day of Decem-
ber last, takes the ground that these rebel
States severed their original compact and broke
all ties that bound them to the Union, and are
to be treated as conquered provinces, or, to
use his language—
"Unless the law of nations is a dead letter, war
between two acknowledged belligerents severed the
original compact and broke all ties that bound them
together; the future condition of the conquered Power
depends on the will of the conqueror. They must
come in as new States, or remain as conquered prov-
inces."
And he again remarks in the same speech—
"I cannot doubt that the late confederate States
are out of the Union to all intents and purposes for
which the conqueror may choose to consider them"—
and cited several authorities which he claims
to sustain his position, among which are Vat-
tel, Phillimore, and 2 Black's United States
Supreme Court Reports, and in a great meas-
ure assumed the same position in his speech
of the 10th of March.
Though I have great respect for the learn-
ing and statesmanship of my distinguished col-
league, I cannot subscribe to all the doctrines
enunciated by him. It may, however, be proper
to state here that the honorable gentleman did
not pretend to express the views of the Repub-
lican party, for in the speech first delivered he,
with his usual candor and fairness, says :
" I trust the Republican party will not be alarmed
at what I am saying ; I do not profess to speak their
sentiments, nor must they be held responsible for
them. I speak for myself and take the responsibility
for them."
Nor can I agree in all the views of my
learned colleague, [Mr. Williams,] although
hisspeech, forits learning and research, reflects
great credit upon its distinguished author, nor
can I to all contained in the able speech of
that distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shei.labahger,] in which is displayed much
legal learning, and was delivered with great
force. The authorities, however, cited by him
do not, in my opinion, sustain his position as
applicable to the so-called rebel States. The
two latter gentlemen do not profess to go the
same length as the former. 1 am certain that
neither of these distinguished gentlemen will
concede the right of secession under the Con-
stitution to any of the States of this Union.
Then, if no such right exists to peaceably with-
draw, can the citizens of any State or number
of States by force, short of a successful revo-
lution, take such State or States out of this
Confederacy?
I hold that no rebellious act can force a State
"out of the Union; that notwithstanding the
rebellion, it still remains a part and parcel of
it, as much as an arm is an integral part of the
human body ; though, owing to the rebellion,
it may for a time be somewhat paralyzed. I
would accord to the rebels no such honor as
having been successful in taking the eleven
rebel States, or any one of them, out of the
Union, and now to be treated as conquered
provinces. But suppose we should admit these
States had forced themselves out of the Union,
and no constitutional prohibition adopted, how
would we stand in regard to the rebel debt? In
Wheaton's Elementary International Law, page
03, it is laid down that—
"As to public debts, whether due to or from the
revolutionized State, a mere change in the form of
government or in person of the ruler does not affect
the obligation.
"The essential form of the State—that which con-
stitutes it an independent community—remains the
same, its accidental form only changed. The debts
being contracted in the name of the State by its
authorized agents for its public use, the nation con-
tinues liable for them, notwithstanding the change
in its international condition. The new Government
succeeds to the fiscal rights, and is bound to fulfill
the fiscal obligations of the former Government. It
becomes entitled to the public domain and other
property of the State, and is bound to.pay its debts
previously contracted."
I cite this authority merely to show the in-
creased difficulties we might have to encounter
by adopting the doctrine of the rebel States
having been out of the Union.
Considerable has been said as to what is
required- to constitute a State and attempt to
show that the rebel States, as they are called,
cannot be "States." In Wheaton's Interna-
tional Law, pages 57 and 58, it is said:
"A State, as to the individual members of which it
is composed, is a fluctuating body, but in respect to
society it is one of the same body of which the ex-
istence is perpetually kept up by a constant sucees-
sionofnewmembers. Thisexistencecontinuesuntil
it is intert-upted by some change affecting the being
of the State. If this change be an internal revolu-
tion, merely altering the municipal constitution and
form of government, the State remains the same; it
neither loses any of its rights nor is it discharged
from any of its obligations.
"The habitual obedience of the members of any
political society to a superior authority must have
once existed in order to constitute a sovereign State.
But the temporary suspension of that obedience and
of that authority in consequence of civil war does
not necessarily extinguish the being of the State,
although it may affect for a time its ordinary relation
with other States."
And in Vattel, 423, one of the cases cited
and relied on by my colleague, [Mr. Steven's,]
it is said:
"A civil war breaks the bands of society and gov-
ernment, or at least suspends their force and effect."
There is no doubt that the civil operations
of the Government were for awhile suspended
as regards the rebel States, but that would not
prevent the Government from exercising that
right as soon as the rebellion was crushed, nor
would it be any acknowledgment that these
States were separated from the Union. Much
has been said and authorities cited in regard
to ancient Governments which have but little
application to a Government like ours. We
may look in vain into ancient history to find
one constituted like the United States, for even
in the most enlightened days of the Grecian
republic piracy was regarded as an honorable
employment.
The law of nations, as understood by the
European world and by us, is the offspring of
modern times. It is truly said in Phillimore
on International Law, page 138, (33 Law
Library, 133:)
"That the United States of North America fur-
nishes us the greatest example which the world has
yet seen of a Federal Government: that its Consti-
tution differs materially from the Germanic Confed-
eration: the latter is a. league of sovereign States for
the common defenso against external and internal
violence, the former is a supreme Federal Govern-
ment: it isin fact ft composite State, the constitution
of which affects not only members of the Union but
fill its citizens both in their individual and corpo-
rate capacities."
And the same doctrine is recognized in
Wheaton's International Law, page 92. But
it has been said that during the four years
of bloody conflict the so-called rebel States
were acknowledged by the United States as
belligerents, and to sustain this theory 2d
Black's United States Supreme Court Reports,
which is known as the prize eases, has been
cited and relied on. It cannot be denied that
the rebellion against the Government of the
United States assumed a gigantic form; that
the rebel government had enforced obedience
to its authority over a large region of country,
and over many millions of people ; that it had
by force excluded temporarily the operation
of the laws of the United States ; and that our
Government has in many ways recognized the
contest as a civil war, and from motives of
policy and humanity could not act strictly upon
legal principles, but ex necessitate rei adopted
so much of the civil warfare as would prevent
indiscriminate slaughter and the infliction of
unnecessary pain and hardship.
This was done without in any manner recog-
nizing the rebel leaders or their organization,
but constantly denying them to be a Govern-
ment de facto or dejure. On examination of
all the proclamations of the President, begin-
ning with that of the loth of April, 1801, and
all the principal laws of Congress, f have not
been able to find a single executive or legisla-
tive act which conceded a governmental status
to the so-called rebel confederacy. The whole
ground of legislation has been aimed to sup-
press insurrection, punish treason, and confis-
cate property of rebels. The most important
bill on that subject that passed Congress is the
one approved July 17, 1862, entitled:
" A bill to suppress insurrection, to punish treason
and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels; and for other purposes."
The so-called southern confederacy certainly
was not a Government de jure; all its actions
wereagrossviolationofrights. Itwasnowhere
a recognized Government. It was never ad-
mitted into the family of nations. Every rebel-
lion or insurrection is in reality a war, and it
becomes more evidently such when it brings
hundreds of thousands of men into the field :
still, it is only a rebellion, and the citizens of
the rebellious portion are only rebellious citi-
zens, over whom the Government possesses not
only all its legal rights, but all those powers
which a state of war confers upon it.
As regards the United States, all the ordi-
nances of secession were null and void, and the
so-called southern confederacy was an entire
and complete nullity, and the rebellious people
may very properly have been treated as rebels
and enemies. They may be tried as traitors
and punished. The Supreme Court, in the prize
cases, decided no more than this, that being
engaged in a war with rebels the President had
a right, jure belli, to blockade ports in posses-
sion of States in rebellion, which neutrals were
bound to regard. There is no intimation of an
abrogated Constitution or an outside status.
Had this question been before the court no
doubt Justice Grier would have adhered to his
own opinion in ease of the pirates, in which
that eminent judge said:
"Every Government is bound by the law of self-
preservation to suppress insurrection, and the fact
that the number ot the insurgents may be so great as
to cmry 011 a civil war against their legitimate sov-
ereign will not entitle them to be considered aState.
The fact that a civil war exists for the purpose of
suppressing a rebellion is conclusive that the Gov-
ernment of theUnitcd States refuses to acknowledge
their right to be considered such. Consequently this
court, sitting here to execute the laws of the United
States, can view those in rebellion in no other light
than traitors to their country, and tho^c who assume
by their authority a right to plunder the property of
our citizens on the high seas, as pirates and robbers."
My colleague, [Mr. Stevens,] in his speech,
recites a few words of what Justice Grier said
in the prize cases, when speaking in relation
to insurrections against Governments, as fol-
lows :
" When a party in rebellion occupy or hold in hos-
tile manner acevtain portion of country, have declared
their independence, havo cast off their allegiance,
have organized armies, have commenced hostilities
against their former sovereign, the world acknowl-
edges them as belligerents, and the contest is awar."
But in the same paragraph that judge con-
tinues :
" They claim to be in arms to establish their liberty
and independence in order to become a sovereign
State, while the sovereign treats them as insurgents
and rebels who owe allegiance and who should be
punished with death."
This does not conflict with the opinion given
by that distinguished jurist in the trial of the
pirates, but is in confirmation of the fact that
the United States did not acknowledge the
rebel confederacy as a belligerent.
It cannot be disputed but that during the
rebellion the civil laws could not be enforced
over those States, and consequently the func-
tions thereof were in a great measure sus-
pended.- But this fact, as the authorities here-
int.ofore cited show, did not place those States
out of the Union, or destroy their status as
States, and turn them into Territories.
During all that trying period there was still
prevailing (though in a great measure sup-
pressed) a Union element in those States which
did much in aiding to crush out the rebellion.
If there had been found in Sodom and Gomor-
rah ten righteous men, we are told that those
cities of the plain would have been saved from
destruction, and surely more than that number
of true loyal men could have been found^ in
each of the rebel States, even South Carolina
not excepted. And are we more uncharitable
than He who holds in his hands the destiny of
woi-lds ?
