3048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
I venture to say, is equal to any gentleman
here upon this particular subject of education.
He has devoted a life-time, or half a century,
to it, and I trust, the House will give his judg-
ment, that weight which I feel it should have.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Basks,] if he had examined the substance of
this bill, would have seen that it does not pro-
pose to teach a single child, white, black, or
colored, male or female, its ab c's. It simply
proposes that a bureau at an extravagant rate
of pay, with an undue number of clerks, shall
be established for the purpose of collecting
statistics in connection with the education
of the children of the country. Now, if any
bureau, or any Federal authority over this sub-
ject should be established at all, it can be as
well done by two clerks, as is proposed by my
amendment, and it is a thing which appropri-
ately belongs to the Secretary of the Interior,
and should there be placed.
Mr. GRIN NELL. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Very
well.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would inquire if ho
knows of any country in the world that has a
good system of education that is without a
system of gathering statistics of a national
cbaractcr.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. "Well,
sir, they may all have their systems, but they
are under a monarchy, and are entirely differ-
ent from ours. There is no similarity between
the school system of Germany and that of this
country.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would inquire if the
gentleman is perfectly willing to substitute our
System for the system of Germany.
Air. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Would I?
Mr. GRINNELL. Yes, "sir.
Mr. RANDA LL. of Pennsylvania. I would
not give the system of Connecticut for all the
systems of the rest of the wot Id. I consider
that, in that particular, Connecticut, has readied
the highest point ofall, and therefore 1 do not
want to interfere in any manner with her sys-
tem, nor with that of any Statu that is approach-
ing to that degree of perfection in education
which she has attained, by any act of Federal
authority or supervision.
Mr. GRINNELL. 1 ask the gentleman if
it is not the_ purpose of this bill to give the
knowledge of what Connecticut is doing to all
the States through this great channel of infor-
mation.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then
why not leave it to the States? Why do you
want to establish this bureau?
Mr. GRINNELL. For the same reason that
we want statistics in reference to agriculture
and all other important interests.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
know how it is in all cities, but I know how it
is in pine. Wo have a school superintendent
who furnishes every information which is neces-
sary in connection with our Pennsylvania school
system, at each session of the Legislature ; and
all that this bill could possibly do would be
just to copy the State superintendent's report
and put it on file in the Interior Department.
Mr. THAYER. They do that now.
Mr. HA NDALL, of Pennsylvania. My col-
league says they do that now. Then they might
exchange them all over the count ry, and scat-
ter the information among the different States
through the various Slate superintendents. But,
lest I might be considered as disposed to inter-
fere improperly with the promotion of educa-
tion, I have offered the substitute which has
been read. If a measure of this kind be deemed
necessary, why should we not adopt this sub-
stitute and try its practical operation for one
year? This is not a time, the House will per-
mit me to suggest, for the establishment of any
new bureau. Why, sir, we might as well estab-
lish a national Bureau of Religion—which God
forbid! We might as well establish a Bureau
of Temperance, which some gentlemen might
advocate as calculated to be of great service.
There is just as much necessity for the estab-
lishment of a Bureau of Temperance and a Bu-
reau of Religion as there is need for the crea-
tion of a Bureau of Education. It appears to
me that the bill before us proposes to involve
us in an immense expenditure of mtSney for
the purpose of erecting a bureau which, so fax-
as I know, we have not been called upon by
any authority whatever to create.
Now, sir, I agree with that ancient philos-
opher who said that "no man goeth about a
more godly purpose than he that is mindful of
the good bringing up both of his own and
other men's children;" but I cannot see that
we shall promote in any degree the education
of the children of this country by appointing
an officer charged with the duty of oversee-
ing the educational systems of the respective
States.
For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I have been
induced to offer my substitute as being at least
preferable to the proposition of the committee.
It appears to me proper that if there is to bo
established any system for the supervision of
education in the various States, this system
should be under the control of the Secretary
of the Interior, to whom is assigned the super-
intendence of the collection of census statis-
tics, and that this officer shall have authority
to appoint two additional clerks to have charge
of this particular subject.
Sir, a great deal has been said, and very
well said, on the subject of the necessity of
having an officer who shall bo the directing
and supervisory head of educational matters
throughout the country; and on this subject I
was very much pleased with the eloquent re-
marks of the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr.
Donnkli.v.] But, sir, to have ahead without
any body, as is proposed by this bill, would
not, it appears to me, bo of much utility. Each
of tin; respective States has its own educa-
tional system with i!s own local head, exercis-
ing a supervision over these matters within the
jurisdiction of the State. Each State makes
its own appropriations for the support of its
educational system, and it has suitable officers
charged with the duty of controlling the expend-
iture of money for this purpose and of audit-
ing those expenses. Thus in the various States
the education of youth is well attended to by
the respective State olliceis.
As regards the education of children in the
South, i have not so much knowledge as the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ba.xks,]
who has spoken on this subject. But, sir, Con-
gress has established a Freedmen's Bureau,
under which school-houses have been built and
a system of instruction organized. It, seems to
me that, this system is a very unconstitutional
mode of spending the people's money; but
since t hat system has been adopted, andisb"iug
carried out at an iininen.-e cost to die Govern-
ment, there surely can be no necessity for estab-
lishing another bureau for the same purpose.
The SPEAKER. 'The fifteen minutes of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania have expired.
Mr. GARFIELD, f now yield the floor to
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Borr-
wf.t.l] for ten minutes.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, the remarks
made upon this bill by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Pikk] induce me to offer a few
words in its behalf. As regards the expense
of the organization, it is wise or unwise accord-
ing to the judgment we may form as to the ex-
pediency of the proposition itself. If it be at
all wise to establish such a branch of admin-
istration in the Government, then of course the
expense of thirteen thousand or fifteen thou-
sand or twenty thousand dollars a year is a mat-
ter of no considerable consequence.
It is to be observed in reference to this meas-
ure that it does not contemplate the exercisc
of any power whatever over the school organi-
zation^ of any State for the education of any
child in the country. So far as we in New
England are concerned we do not anticipate
any considerable advantage from this measure,
j and T do not advocate it upon the ground of
its advantage to us. The object of this bureau
I or depart,muul, or whatever it may be termed,
is not, to control by force the school systems
of the country. It will exercise no positive
power anywhere. But its advantages will bo
found in the dissemination of information to
every part of the country concerning those sys-
tems of education which are found to be best
in the sections most advanced in the work of
popular education. Now, sir, many years ago
I happened to find in the city of Chitlicothe,
Ohio, a high school which was organized and
operated advantageously without any teachers
whatever—an exceptional case in educational
matters, not only with reference to 1his coun-
try but with reference to the whole world.
Now, I do not hesitate to say that, a knowl-
edge distributed through all this country of
the means bj' which that school was organized,
maintained, and made efficient for the purpose
of education, would have been worth more
than the entire cost of this branch of the public
administration.
It is also true that the system of normal school
training, without which there can bo no efficient
system of public instruction, is comparatively
unknown to the people of this country. And
I think I do not state anything notknown when
I say that in the city of New York ton years
ago, while they had there a normal school, the
men who administered that school had failed
up to that time to apprehend the principle
which lios at the foundation of the system of
normal school training.
And in the State of Arkansas—I refer to the
matter only in the way of illustration—we en-
rolled during the late war whole regiments of
white soldiers for the Union Army, not one
tenth of whom could sign their names to the
pay-rolls.
Now, what we desire to do through this
branch of the public administration is from
this center or this seat of Government to dis-
seminate throughout this whole country, to
Massachusetts, Arkansas, Louisiana, South
Carolina, and all the States information on
the one side in regard to the best means of
public instruction, and on the other side
the advantages to be derived from a good
system of public instruction.
In deciding whether this branch of adminis-
tration should be established wo undoubtedly
must first consider whether the subject of edu-
cation is of such importance that the General
Government is justified in gathering and dis-
seminating information concerning it. In that
connection I will refer to but a single fact.
More than thirty years ago, in the great eon-
test between Eli Whitney and the State of
Georgia, in relation to his right to the inven-
tion of the cotton-gin, Chief Justice Marshall
said that that invention alone had then saved to
the people of this country $GOi>,000,0!!0, and
I have no doubt that up to the present time
that invention has been worth to the people of
this country an amount, equal to two thirds of
the aggregate expenses of the war through
which we have just passed.
Now, that invention is but one of the ten
thousand inventions which have been made in
this country, all of them more or less valuable,
and all due in a great measure to our systems
of public instruction. You may go to-day to
the Patent Office and ascertain from the num-
ber of patents issued, the condition of public
information in each and every State of this
Union The inventive power of a people is
developed in exact proportion to the extent of
their education and enlightenment.
Now, if these be facts—and I only make the
general statement for the purpose of illustrat-
ing the great truth that the industrial power
and productive force of the people of this
country are exactly in proportion to the extent
of their education—then assuredly it, follows
that there is no branch of the public adminis-
tration more worthy of consideration than that
of gathering and disseminating information in
regard to the public school systems of the vari-
ous States of this Union.
For these reasons, and for many others which
I might adduce if I had time, I have for my-
self no doubt of the expediency of this meas-
