1128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Olid dragoons, commanding Santa Clara expe-
dition :
"Nothing of interest occurred nnt.il my arrival at
the Mountain ?,I eadows, which arc situated about one
hundred and fifty miles south of Camp Floyd, and on
the southern rim of the basin. Here I found human
bktiJls. bones, and hair scattered abont, and scraps of
clothing of men, women, and children. 1 saw one
girl's dress, apparently that of a child ten or twelve
years of ago. These were the remains of a party of
peaceful inhabitants of tho "United States, consisting
of men, women, and children, and numbering about
one hundred and fifty, who were removing with their
effects from the State of Arkansas to the State' of
California, These emigrants woro here met bv the
Mormons (assisted by such of the wretched Indians
of the neighborhood as they coukl force or persuade
to join) and massacred, with tho exception of such
infantehildren that the Mormons thought too young
to remember or tell of the ailair. The Mormons had
their faces painted so as to disguise themselves as
Indians."
Tlio CHAIRMAN". Tho gentleman's five
minutes luive expired.
Mr. GRINNELL. T move that the gentle-
man be allowed to finish his speech.
Mr. WASIIBU RNE, of Illinois. Tho de-
bate has been closed by the House, and the
gentleman's time cannot bo extended by tho
committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to oppose the. amend-
ment. 1 know how easy it is to raise, a clamor
against an unfortunate and unpopular people ;
and I know, if we had the decency of states-
men, how wo ought, to east aside ail these pre-
judices and do justice.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 say this is a great fraud
and swindle.
Mr. STEVENS. I say it is not. a great fraud
and swindle, but. justice.
Mr. THAYER. I oili'rthe following amend-
ment, to come in after line seventeen, page lit:
Hereafter no portrait or likeness of any living per-
son shu 1 Ibe engraved or placed upon any of tho bonds,
securities, notes, or postal currency of tho United
Stat es.
Tho practice which has grown up of lale of
placing upoll the notes and securities of the
United States likenesses of living individuals
is one winch 1 think is condemned by the pub-
lie sentiment, of the country and by every prin-
ciple ot' good taste and propriety. We have
had a great variety of likenesses upon these
notes, considering the short time in which
the practice has obtained—some of very good
looking men, some of veiy ugly looking men,
some of very great, men, and some of very lit -
tle men. If there is any necessity I'or resorting
to this new description of ornamentation of our
currency, let us put upon the securities, notes,
and ciu'i'cncy of the United Stales the likenesses
of men who are associated, with the historic
glories of the country. It, is, in my judg-
ment, a very unbecoming thing that suelt like-
nesses as some J could refer to are to be found
on the notes and fractional currency of this
country. 1 hold in my hand a live-cent note
of this fractional currency of the United States.
If you tisk me, whose image and superscrip-
tion is this? I am obliged to answer, not that
ofdeorge Washington, which used to adorn it,
butthe likeness of ilie person who superintends
the printing of these notes. I have nothing to
say against that gentleman, and no rctlectiou
to ( nst upon him. 11, may not be his fault that
it is there. I do not know by whose diiectiifn
it was placed there, but I would like any man
to tell me why his face should be on the money
of the United States.
Mr. ROSS. .1 would nsk tho gentleman, if
he is not aware that, this is a progressive ago.
and that the party that holds the reins of power
is a progressive party.
Mr. THAYER. Yes, sir; and 1 am sorry the
that gentleman is not more of a progressive
man, but insists upon clinging to the carcass
of the dead past alter it has become offensive
iu the nostrils of the people. [Laughter.]
Sir, when we shall have a living Caesar to
make both the laws and the money of this
country, it will he time enough to place his
efligy upon the coins and notes of the United
States. There is no reason why this practice
should be persisted in. It is derogatory to the
dignity ana the self-respect of the nation; and
I trust the Honse will support me in the cry
which 1 raise of " Off with their heads!"
Mr. STEVENS. I will accept the amend-
ment ; and move to amend it by excepting the
likeness of the President of the United States.
Tho gentleman is mistaken, I believe, in sup-
posing that the face of Mr. Clarke is engraved
on the five-cent notes, unless he knows him
bettor than I do. I see in this House a very
worthy member whose face is exactly like that.
Mr. THAYER. Whatever difference may
exist between my colleague and myself in re-
gard to the ownership of the likeness referred
to. I think he will agree with rnc that the real
proprietor, whoever lie may be, might main-
tain an action at law for a libel against the en-
graver, and be sure of a verdict in his favor
upon putting the note in evidence.
Mr. STEVEN'S. If the gentleman will ac-
cept, my amendment, I will accept his.
Air. THAYER. No, sir; I insiston mine.
Mr. ROSS. Inasmuch as this is to apply
only to living persons, 1 presume it will not
exclude any of the members of the committee
on reconstruction. Their likenesses and mem-
ories may still be preserved. [Laughter.]
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Tiiavki!, it was agreed to. <•
Mr. WINDOM. I move to amend by insert-
ing at, the end of the bill the following proviso:
P10V1<I<<I, That 110 money shall he paid under tho
provisions oi'tiu^ bill toreiuibuise Brigham Young tor
money jut Vimecd while <Jovernor and e.r ojjicio super-
intendent ol Indian sittairs of ttie Territory of Utah,
imtit tiio same shiitl be thoroughly investigated by
I lie fSeei el aiy of ttie fnl ei ior, or by some of the stand-
ing' committee* of Congress.
I desiretomukea
to this amendment.
Mr. STHVENS. I do not see any objection
to it,.
Air. WINDOM. I have the floor. I was
surprised a moment ago to find certain gentle-
men who have, hitherto been so anxious to save
money to this Government, so very desirous of
passing this appropriation for Brigham Young,
and especially the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Waxuisi'knk, 1 who is willing to deny an honest
claim, no matter what., if he can save money to
the Government, but who is anxious t,o force
through this claim of nearly forty thousand/
dollars, to reimburse lirigham Young for mas-
sacrcing one hundred and twenty of our fellow-
citi/.ensas I have heretofore stated. These are
briefly the facts in this ease, and 1 have evidence
here before me to show it; not (loin the testi-
mony of Judge Oradlebaugh, who, the gentle-
man says, is unworthy of belief, but from the
testimony of ofiieers of the Army who have
gone; there and investigated tile matter.
Some twenty days from the time these mur-
ders occurred at M omitain Meadows, some thirty
thousand dollars of this amount, was paid over
by llrighnni Young on the certificates of John
1). Lee, who, it. was proven )>y these Army offi-
cers. was the man who was the lender in that
atrocious murder at Mountain Meadows.
I hit gentlemen take advantage of the rules of
the House and will not allow this evidence to ho
heard, and attempt to force this claim through,
and then, perhaps, when the next amendment
comes up. probably for the benefit of some
honest claimant, some man in one of the rebel-
lious States, whose property was taken from him
and used by the Go\ eminent, we shall be told
that, his claim must not, be alhnved because the
(.Iovernmcnt cannot, afford to pay it! Sir, I
am astonished at sncli a conrse being pursued
in this House. 1 am astonished that members
should take advantage of the rules of the House
for the purpose of pressing through appropria-
tions paying for murders, and to such a man as
Brigham Young has proved himself to be!
Sir, i have other evidence here which T should
like to introduce, but I presume tho House does
not want to hear it.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I was about
to say that I have no particular objection to this
amendment, but I am glad my friend from Min-
nesota has had the opportunity to deliver such
an eloquent philippic. [Laughter.]
I know what is the feeling in regard to these
people out in that valley. Ever since Joseph-
Smith was murdered and an erring people were
driven out of their property in Illinois and com-
pelled to inhabit a country which is almost un-
inhabitable, in order that they might get rid of
Christian persecution, this same spirit lias boiled
up against them whenever their name was men-
tioned.
Sir, it is a spirit unworthy of a Christian age.
While I have nothing to say in favor of the
great principle of Brigham Young—I rim too
old for that, [laughter,]—yet I am sorry to
see this spirit manifested in regard to every-
thing which concerns these people. I am sorry
that, after two successive Secretaries of the
Interior and a commission specially appointed
to examine into the matter have reported that
this sum is due, this old cry about the Indian
massacre, and this stale charge of murder which
has never been proved, should be brought up
here. Sir, it has nothing to do with tffis ques-
tion now before the committee. I am almost
ashamed to see a matter of that kind brought
up here on the mere question of paying a liqui-
dated claim, one that has been long settled
and entered on the books of the Department,
and which the claimant is as much entitled to
as you are to your day's pay.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move pro
forma to strike out the last half of the amend-
ment..
One would suppose, Mr. Chairman, that the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Winuom] and
myself had changed placcs, and that I was here
as the champion of a claim which is not valid, *
and he was here defending the Treasury against
an invalid claim. If that be so 1 certainly
have changed placcs with liini, for I have never
known anything in the shape of a claim of any
kind, excepting this, that has not received his
vote.
Now, I happen to know all about this claim,
and 1 can simply state what it is, and then gen-
tlemen may how] if down if they please. Tho
facts are known to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] and the other old mem-
bers of this House.
This claim is not particularly for Brigham
Young, but it is for money which was advanced
by others as well as himself, upon the appli-
cation of Brigham Young, for the purpose of
feeding and clothing the Indians and quelling
hostilities among them. And it received the
sanction of the proper Department of the Gov-
ernment more than once, and it comes here
recommended for payment by the proper ofli-
cer, and nothing but the clamor which has been
raised here has prevented it from being paid
before now.
Whenever this claim has been investigated
in cither House it has been passed; and every
guard has been thrown around its examination
that it is possible to throw around the investi-
gation of any claim. It passed at the last ses-
sion, as I recollect, in the deficiency bill which
was lost. It passed the Senate in another bill
some years ago. 11 was fully examined over
and over again. Tho Department of the In-
terior examined it and declared it to be a valid
and just obligation against the Government.
That was not sufficient, and an Indian agent
in Utah examined it in detail. That agent re-
ported his evidence, and furnished the vouch-
ers, item by item, and it is published in Exec-
utive Document, No. 29, showing that every
dollar of this money was faithfully expended.
And then by a resolution of the Senate, at the
last session of Congress, the Secretary of the
Interior was directed again to examine it. He
has examined it, and has again reported to
Congress that it. is a just claim and ought to he
paid. Such are the facts as I understand them.
And nowthegentlemanfrom Minnesota [Mr.
Wixdom] seems to have discovered a mare's
nest in the speech of Mr. Cradlcbaugh, which
is reported to have been made in this Ilouse,
and which the gentleman says he heard. Well,
I never knew of anybody else hearing it. Now
I know something about this man and his
speech. This Mr. Cradlebaugh. who is brought
in here in order to strike dotyithis claim, was
