1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1M
a Delegate from Nevada. He was one of the
judges sent by old Buchanan to Utah. He was
the man who induced Floyd to send an expe-
dition to Utah, which cost this Government ten
million^ dollars. He got himself involved in all.
sorts of quarrels with the Mormons, and then
went over into Nevada and got himself elected
a Delegate to Congress from that Territory. He
gathered up a great mess of stuff against the
Mormons, and wove it into a long speech, ac-
cusing them of almost everything that could be
conceived of.
But the idea that the Mormons were con-
cerned in this bloody massacre which the gen-
tleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wisdom] talks
about, is too monstrous and fiendish for belief.
I do not believe there was even the shadow of
a shade of proof to support such an allegation.
As bad as the Mormons are charged with be-
ing, it is not possible for them to have been
engaged in that shocking massacre. And even
if it had been true that some Mormons were
engaged in it, what has that to do with the just
claims that are due, not to Brigham Young,
but to persons all over this country who gave
credit to this Government? That is the ques-
tion.
I have examined this claim, and know some-
thing about it. And if any claim can be just,
I take it this is; but the committee can do what
they please. The gentleman from Minnesota
says that I am generally opposed to claims. I
am opposed to all claims where I know they
are not just. But when I know a claim to be
just, then I am ready to sustain it, independ-
ent of any clamor which is raised against me,
like that which is frequently raised against me
for opposing claims. I endeavor to act justly,
both to the Government and individuals, re-
gardless of all clamor.
I regret that the Delegate from Utah [Mr.
HoorER] is not here to speak for himself. Ho
is thoroughly familiar with this whole matter,
and is a reliable man, well known to mo. But
he has been called away suddenly by the death
of his daughter and cannot be heard. Ho could
explain fully, and to the entire satisfaction of
this committee, that there is not one particle of
truth or justice in the assertion of the gentle-
man from Minnesota.
Mr. W1NDOM. I do not wish to weary the
House with this discussion ; and 1 think 1 can
get through all I have to say in a few moments.
In regard to the gentleman from Illinois. [Mr.
Wasiibcrxe] and myself having changed places
in regard to claims 1 will not undertake to say.
But I do know that he never favors any claim
unless it originates in the neighborhood of
Galena. As this Delegate from Utah once lived
in Galena, and I suppose has had the ear of tlte
gentleman from Illinois, that circumstance,
perhaps, accounts for his favoring this claim,
the only one that he has favored during this
Congress.
Mr. "WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. Such con-
siderations as the gentleman from "Minnesota
has stated may perhaps influence him. but he
has no right to assume that they have the same
influence on me.
Mi'. WINDOM. I do recollect one other
claim which the gentleman favored, and that
was a claim which he urged me, as a personal
favor, to assist him in getting through.
I desire, Mr. Chairman, to introduce one
other evidence in this case. It is the testi-
mony, not of Judge Cradlebangh, but of a
captain in the regular Army. He says:
"The Mormons were led on hy John I). Lee, then a
high dignitary in the self-styled Ch urch of J esus Christ
of Latter Day Saints, and Isaac Haight, now a dig-
nitarv in the saiue,
•'This affair bep-an by a_ surprise. The emigrants
were encamped near a spring from which there is a
ravine. Along this ravine the Mormons and Indians
crept to the spring during the ni^ht, When the emi-
grants arose in the morningthey were fired upon, and
some twelve or fifteen of them lulled. The emigrants
then seized their arms and defended themselves so
bravely that, after four days, the Mormons and In-
dians had not succeeded in exterminating them. This
horrid a flair was finished by an act of trcacUci y. John
D. Lee, having washed the paint from his face, came
to the emigrants and told them that if they would
surrender themselves, and give their property to the
Indians, that the Mormons would conduct them safely
back to Cedar City. The emigrants then surrendered,
with theirwives and children. Tliey were taken about
a mile and a half fj om the spring, where they, their
wives, and their children—with the exception of some
infants—were ruthlessly killed.
"The infants were taken to Cedar City, where they
were either sold or given away to sueh of the Mor-
mons as desired them."
This same John D. Lee figures prominently
in connection with this claim. I have here the
report of a committee sent to investigate this
subject, by which report it appears that $3,527
was paid on the 30th of September, twenty days
after this massacre occurred, the account be-
ing certified by this same John D. Lee.
Now, sir, I will not say whether Judge Cradle-
bangh is worthy of confidence or not; but I
claim that the facts I present are sufficient to
show the propriety of our hesitating in refer-
ence to this matter. I care not who has inves-
tigated the payment of this money. I doubt
not that Brigham Young has presented vouch-
ers to show that ho has paid the money over;
but I claim that lie paid it for the purpose of
hiring these wretches to commit these murders.
lu speaking on this subject, I have no preju-
dice against Brigham Young, any more than
my venerable friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] who, when he speaks of being " too
old," should remember that Lord Palmerston
was indicted at the age of eighty. [Laughter. ]
I do not know that the principles of Brigham
Young have anything to do with this question.
I am speaking of his practises. I have pre-
sented the proofs that he did send his chief
men, painted as savages, to commit these out-
rages. I have other proof that I would like to
read ; but I trust that I have said enough to
convince the committee of the propriety of
adopting my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out that part of it which
proposes to require an investigation by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, so as to leave the matter
in the hands of Congress. This whole matter
is now being investigated by the Committee on
Territories of this House and they will report
during the present session.
Mr. FARNSWOKTH. It seems to me, Mr.
Chairman, that, if the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs have, as I understand they have, investi-
gated this subject sufficiently to come to the
conclusion that this money should be paid, the
House ought to show some regard to the pro-
ceedings of that committee.
Mr. WINDOM. I acccpt the amendment of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Kice] as a
modification of my amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to insert the follow-
ing at the end of the bill:
For certain alterations of the post office portion of
the building in Portland, Maine, used tor post office,
custom-house, and court-house, $5,000.
I ask the Clerk to read the letters I send up.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Treasury Department, February 28, 1866.
Sir: I inclose herewith a copy of the report of the
assistant supei vi.^ing architect, in relation to the pro-
posed alterationsin the post office at Portland, Maine,
made after a personal examination of the premises;
previous to which an estimate was raade(based upon
! the papers and plans forwarded by the postmaster)
I that contemplated an expenditure of $3,000, and an
j appropriation asked lor that sum.
i After au examination of the premises and eonsul-
! tation with the Post Office Depaitment, it has been
1 deemed advisable to prepare a plan that it is believed
will obviate in a permanent manner all the objec-
tions to the present post office, the estimated expense
of which is 63,000. The plan proposed by the post-
master would only remedy a portion of the inconven-
ience at present complained of. I therefore recom-
mend an increase of the appropriation asked for to
$5,000.
Very respectfully, H. MCCULLOCH,
Secretary oy the Treasury.
Hon. Thaddkus Steven's,
Chairman Committee on Appropriations.
Treasury Department,
Office op Supervising Architect,
February 21, ISGij.
Sir: During my recent visit to Portland 1 exam-
ined the custom-house buildingin that city, and have
the honor to report as follows: the building is in
good repair, (though somewhat in need of-cleaning
and whitening in many x>f the rooms,) and in a4so -
much crowded, and with th,e growing needs' of the
port will, in my opinion, be totally inadequate for the .
proper transaction of business'before long.1 '
1 examined the post office in relation to tile pro-
posed alterations, and concur in the opinion that
some changes are necessary, and have, prepared-a ;
plan which will m my opinion meet the approval of -
every citizen of Portland and the PostOffico Depart- .
ment, which is submitted herewith. I would recom-
mend that the appropriation asked.for b6 increased--"
to $5,000. It may not exceed $3,000, but the altera--
tions proposed are of sueh a nature that adefiriits
estimate is-impracticable.
Very respectfully, A. B. M0LLETT,
Assistant Supervising Architect.'
Hon. Hugs McCulloch, Secretary of Ike Treasury.
Mr. LYNCH. I wish simply to say in refer-
ence to this matter, that it has been recom-
mended by the Postmaster General. Thebuild-
ing'iu which the custom-house is also located'is
under the charge of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury j and when the matter was referred to him,
he sent the supervising architect of the Govern-
ment to examine and report, and he did report -
that these alterations were necessary for the
convenience of the post office.
I will state further that the alterations are-for
additional box-room for those doing business
at the office; and that the Government will be ■
reimbursed before three years for this outlay.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's five
minutes have expired.
Mr. SPALDING. Are not these all in one
building?
Mr. LYNCH. I move to strike out the last
word, for the purpose of replying to the gentle-
man. The post office is in the same building
with the custom-house, the former being oa
the first floor, and the latter on -the second.
Mr. SPALDING. Have we not already
made an appropriation for that building?
Mr. LYNCH. That is for a new. custom-
house, and not for this building. A portion
of this building now occupied as a custom-
house is to be used as a United States court-
room. This is for the enlargement of the post
office portion of the building for the accom-
modation of the persons doing business there.
It is to give additional box room, to be paid
for by those doing business at the office. Ehe
Postmaster General is satisfied the Govern-
ment will be reimbursed in less than- three
years by means of this additional box room..
There will be no loss to the Government, as
the oilice is self-sustaining. It is indorsed by
both the Postmaster General and the Secretary
of the Treasury.
I withdraw the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. BERGEN. Mr. Chairman, it seems they
have a building there now used for post office
and custom-house purposes, yet we have in this
bill an appropriation of $75,000 to put up a new-
building; and the gentleman is not satisfied
with that, but asks for $5,000 more.
Mr. LYNCH. This has nothing to do with
the appropriation for the custom-house.
Mr. BERGEN. Seventy-five thousand dol-
lars have been appropriated for that.
Mr. LYNCH. For another building and
another purpose.
Mr. BERGEN. They are not satisfied with
the custom-house building they have, but they
want a new one. I think they ought to be sat-
isfied with what they have. JSIuch of the Gov-
ernment business here in Washington is trans-
acted iu hiied houses. It is found cheaper to
hire buildings than to put them up. We have
not a single G overnment building in Brooklyn,
the third city in the Union in population; we
have not a single public building—-they are
all hired by the Government. Portland, small
compared with Brooklyn, with not one half the
population, lias one building, and we appro-
priate $75,000 for another, and yet the gentle-
man is not satisfied. He asks for more. If
we have money to expend let us expend it
where we have no public buildings. But the
price of materials is so_ high that you find that
private individuals prefer to hire than to build.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 50, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
