186G.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
208S
husband; to the orphan children, their fathers
and protectors who fell in defense of this Re-
public; to the maimed their amputated limbs,
and restore to health the shattered constitu-
tions of our surviving soldiers, I would be
willing—if the Constitution would allow it—to
see the rebel States annihilated.
But. that restoration cannot be had; our no-
ble dead must sleep until the sound of Gabri-
el's trumpet. Though there are 110 marks to
designate the resting-place of some, yet their
noble deeds will be engraven upon the hearts
of a grateful nation; while those who fell fight-
ing to destroy our free institutions, if not to-
tally forgotten, will only be remembered as reb-
els and traitors, and not as the honorable gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Raymond] said,
in comparing them to our dead, "The dead of
the contending hosts sleep beneath the soil of
a common country under the common flag;
their hostilities are hushed, and they are the
dead of the nation forevermore." Sir, those
who were trying to take the heart's blood of
the nation deserve 110 such eulogy. Again, it
has been asked, "Plow long may this nation
survive with Senators elected by rebel Legisla-
tures, or by treaties made by Senators chosen
by rebel States'?"
This, Mr. Speaker, is rather a patriotic ap-
peal ; but if the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives stand firm there will be no danger
of such getting seats in either branch.
The sixth section of the third article of the
Constitution of the United States provides
that—
"Each House shall be the judge of the election,
returns, and qualifications of its members." ,
We must not look at these questions as an
advocate employed for his client, nor let our
feelings betray our judgment, but view them
as statesmen.
Mr. Speaker, we have been repeatedly told
on this floor that we ought to be cautious about
admitting Representatives from the States lately
in rebellion, but no particular plan i'or their
admission has been clearly defined.
It seems to me that if Congress would sub-
mit to the respective States a few important
amendments to the Constitution of (he United
States, they would be ratified, and all this com-
plication avoided. It would have been better
if this course had been pursued immediately
after the assembling of the present Congress.
The framers of the Constitution contemplated
that the time might arrive when amendments
would be necessary, and therefore provided a
method for its accomplishment. It would be
strange if, after a peiiod of upward of seventy
years in this progressive age, amendments
would not be found necessary'^ though I think
. they ought to be as few as practicable.
Yet I do not agree with the honorable gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Raymond,] who,
in speaking of the Constitution, says he "looks
upon all propositions for its amendment with
hesitation and distrust." How any statesman
can "hesitate and distrust" about the prac-
ticability of amending the Constitution to cor-
respond with the times and circumstances I
cannot imagine. Then, Mr. Speaker, I would
propose: first, that the Representatives in
Congress shall be apportioned among the sev-
eral States according to the number of' qualified
voters in each State. Secondly, that neither
of the States of the Union shall ever assume
or pay an}r part of the debt of the so-called
confederate States of America, or of any State
contracted in carrying 011 war against the Uni-
ted States ; and, thirdly, that the Constitution
be amended by striking out that clause which
says:
"So tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported
from any State."
According to the estimate of my colleague,
[Mr. Stiu'exs,] a small tax 011 exportation of
cotton alone would amount to $100,000,000
annually—a sum which would do much toward
paying off our war debt. It is not likely it
would be laid on any other product. These
are all the amendments I deem necessary.
There can be no doubt that under the Con-
stitution each State has a right to regulate the
qualifications of its own electors, and Congress
has no right to assume that authority. In the
District of Columbia Congress has exclusive
jurisdiction, and may there regulate the right
of suffrage, which is of very little practical
importance, as none but municipal ofiieers are
elective in the District. According to the con-
stitution of Pennsylvania, nonebut " white free-
men of the age of twenty-one years, having re-
sided in the State one year," &c., are entitled
to the right of suffrage, and before that can be
changed there must be an alteration in the con-
stitution of that State. As to the freedmen,
the amendment already adopted gives Congress
sufficient authority to legislate for their protec-
tion. I consider, Mr. Speaker, that the most
important amendment needed js that of repre-
sentation according to the vote; for while it
must be conceded that each State has a right
to regulate the right of suffrage, yet if the col-
ored man is deprived of a vote he should not be
counted in the representation; to simplify it,
no other one ought to vote for him. If these
three amendments were adopted, and especially
the first, and the States lately in rebellion should
send loyal men as representatives, they ought to
be admitted ; and if this arrangement could be
made, I see no difficulty in regard to representa-
tion from those States. But Congress ought
never to admit to a seat any man who has vol-
untarily borne arms against the United States,
and of their qualification each House is the judge.
President Johnson, in his annual message, says:
"It is for you, fellow-citizens of the House of Rep-
resentatives to ju'Uo, each of you for yourselves, of
the election, returns, and qualifications of your own
members."
I have not time to review all the arguments
from the Democratic side of this House, but if
the gentlemen from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers]
and the late member from Indiana (Mr. Voor-
hees) express the views of their party, they
would be willing to admit to seats on this floor
rebels whose hands have been stained with the
blood of our Union soldiers.
If we were to determine that the States lately
in rebellion could only be admitted as new
States, after presenting an acceptable consti-
tution, and upon that basis receive them back,
what would prevent them immediately after
from changing their constitution in any way
they saw fit, provided it was not inconsistent
with that of the United States? So that the
only safeguard is the amending of the Consti-
tution of the United States, which will be a
sufficient barrier against all innovations; and
if those States are sincere as to their returned
loyalty they will have no hesitation through
their Legislatures to join in ratifying the mate-
rial amendments, and especially that of repre-
sentation.
It is true a bitter feelinghas prevailed against
some of the rebel States for their treasonable
course, and especially South Carolina, and that
is not to be wondered at when we take into con-
sideration the unparalleled misery they have
brought upon the country ; but it is hoped they
have repented in sackcloth and ashes, and, as
some evidence of that, we find even South Car-
olina ratifying the amendment abolishing their
favorite institution of slavery, while Kentucky
and Delaware, professing to be loyal States,
refuse. I trust, Mr. Speaker, that the two
Houses of Congress will seethe vast importance
of having the requisite amendments to the Con-
stitution speedily passed aud submitted to the
States for ratification. Then, after being rati-
fied by the Legislatures of three fourths of the
States, without fear of not being able to carry
out the injunction of guarantying to every
Slate in this Union a republican form of gov-
ernment, Representatives from those States
lately in rebellion who can take the oath pre-
scribed by existing laws can be admitted to seats
in Congress; and it is due to such men as May-
nard, Colonel Stokes, Colonel Hawkins, Ar-
nell, Fowler, aud others, who, in the nation's
struggle, stood up for right and freedom, to be
oared for. It was easy to bo a Union man in
the loyal States, surrounded by friends of the
Republic, (and even there I am sorry to have
to say that some were to be found sympathizing
with treason,) but in the rebellious States it
required the nerve of a Socrates to be loyal to
his country where his personal liberty, life,
property, and all that is dear to man were in
peril. Even Alexander H. Stephens, who for a
time so eloquently raised his voico against trea-
son and clung to the horns of the altar of lib-
erty, was, in the hour of trial and temptation,
indnced by the offer of a vice presidency in the
so-called southern confederacy to let go that
which he professed to love and revere, and
turned his back against his country.
Yvhen war_ was raging it was necessary, for
the preservation of the Union and to weaken
the hands of the enemies of the Republic, to
devastate the country in possession of the
insurgents; but as the rebellion is now ended,
it is the duty of the nation to foster and build
it up; and by proper encouragement, with the
blessings of free labor, evidenced by true loy-
alty, those States will exhibit in a few years
one of the brightest spots in this Republic.
My distinguished colleague, [Mr. Williams,]
in speaking of the States lately in rebellion,
says:
"Eleven of the columnar supports of our political
edifice arc now lyin£ around us, like the grand col-
umns of Tadmor and Palmyra, with shaft and eapi-  
tal and architrave alikeshattered by the mighty con-
vulsion that has laid them all in ruins. "
And asks:
" Where is the hand that is to lift these columns to
theii plaec?"
Mr. Speaker, though the metaphor is beau-
tiful, I do not agree with the honorable gentle-
man that eleven of the States of this Union are
lying around "like the grand columns of Tad-
mor and Palmyra." The shock, it is true, was
great, but they stood erect in the storm like the
mighty oak of the forest, but came out somewhat
scarred. But the leaders who caused this terri-
ble conflict deserve condign punishment. The
Government officials deserve great credit for
causing the arrest, trial, and execution of Wirz,
who was proved to be a monster, and for his
barbarities to the Union prisoners deserved
110 better fate than that which was meted out
to him; still he was but a subordinate, and it
is not right that the chief officers should escape
punishment. I agree with what was said by an
eminent judge in my State, that " the greater
the man, the greater the example."
Treason ought to be made odious, and there
should be no procrastination in the trial of
such offenders: the leading spirits should be
the first brought to justice, and it is hoped that
that part of the last annual message of Presi-
dent Johnson, in which he says—
" it is manifest that treason, most flagrant in char-
acter, has been committed. Persons who arc eharpicd
with its commission should have tair and impartial
trials in the highest civil tribunals of the country, in
order that the Constitution and the laws may be fully
vindicated ; the truth clearly established and affirmed
that treason is a crime, that traitors should be pun-
ished, aud the offense made odious"—
may be speedily carried into effect, though I
cannot well see why the leading traitors in the
rebellion could not have been tried by a mil-
itary commission as well as Wirz. I look upon.
J ohn C. Breckinridge as' one of the vilest trai-
tors, and I trust an effort will be made to liave
him arrested, tried, and punished ; and I might
say that officers who held high .military posi-
tions under the United States, and with the
knowledge acquired as to the position of af-
fairs, turned traitors and joined the rebel army,
ought not to be permitted to stalk about the
country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, though I differ somewhat
with some of our leading members ofthe Repub-
lican party in this House as to the status of the
States lately in rebellion, I agree with them that
none but true, loyal Representatives ought to
bo admitted to seats from those States, and that
we should have, as a safeguard, proper amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States.
It. is hoped that the joint committee on re-
construction may mature some acceptable plan,
which will meet the approbation of botn brandies
of Congress and ofthe President, for the speedy
