1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to vessels at sea, or on foreign stations, may-
be appointed to the regular service, subject to
the conditions contained in this section, after
their return to the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BICE, of Massachusetts. The last
amendment which I have to offer is to strike
out from section four the words "until their
places can be supplied by graduates from the
Naval Academy."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time and passed.
Mr. 1UCE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment ov congress.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise'to a question of
privilege, and offer the following resolution:
Uemlred hi the Home oj Representative*, (thcSenate
That the President of the Somite and the
concurrin
wisu ordered by v.. ~ vv-v, .
tfacvrrespective Houses until the 4th day of December
1866.
Mr Speaker, I desire to explain the resolu-
tion in a few words.
Mr. ELDRlDGrB. Is this resolution debat-
able?
The SPEAKER. It is not, without unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BANKS. I object to the introduction
of this resolution as a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The House yesterday de-
cided that it was a question of privilege, and the
Chair is bound by that decision.
Mr. BANKS. This involves more than a
question of adjournment. It provides that on
a certain day hereafter the Presiding Officers
of the two Houses may adjourn their respective
Houses for two months more, even in the
ibsenec of a quorum.
The SPEAKER. The resolution says noth-
ing about the absence of a quorum.
Mr. BANKS. That is the result of the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. The House yesterday
after debate upon both sides determined, by a
vole by yeas and nays, that the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevkxs,] going beyond this resolution
in its powers, was a question of privilege ; and
the Chairis bound by that decision. The Chair,
therefore, overrules the point of order.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to state the
object of the resolution.
ilr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. J OIINSON. I move to lay this resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not yield the floor
for that purpose. I believe 1 have the power
to accommodate the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
SpaUjing,] who, Iunderstand, desires to call up
another question of privilege. I will withdraw
my resolution for the present, giving notice that
I will offer it immediately after the question
of privilege which the gentleman desires to call
up shall be disposed of.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1806, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and made the special order for Monday
next, alter the morning hour, and.from day to
Jay until disposed of.
assault upon a member.
Mr. SPALDING. I now ask that the order
o f the House be now enforced upon the mem-
ber from Kentucky, [Mr. Rousseau.]
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I ask leave of the House
to say a word or two by way of personal expla-
nation.
Mr. CONKLING. Before I give my con-
sent, I desire to know whether this personal
explanation is to be subject to the rules of the
House, or whether consent is to be given to go
beyond that. If so, then I shall object. I
shall object to any personal explanation except
it be made within the rules of the House and
of decorum.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair has already
stated, all personal explanations are subject to
the rules of the House, The Chair will expect
any gentleman who may object to the language
which may be used to make a point of Order,
upon which the Chair will promptly rule.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will make no
objection.
No objection was made, and leave was ac-
cordingly granted.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Mr. Speaker, I hope I
shall not forget where I am, and I will endeavor
to keep myself not only within the rules of the
House, butwithin the rule of the strictest pro-
priety and friendly regard for every member
of this House.
Now, sir, that the trial of this matter in which
I have been involved is over, and the decision
of the House has been rendered, I not only
feel myself at liberty, but I deem it my duty to
the House and myself to say a word or so in
reference to it. And here, sir, I must express
my regret that I should be called upon to re-
mark upon a matter which has given me so
much pain and mortification since its occur-
rence; and I think nothing would prompt me
to speak at this time but a desire that members
may understand the feelings and motives which
prompted me, and as far as possible my whole
conduct in the premises.
I have been compelled to sit and hear myself
denounced on this floor in a way in which I
regret that any member should denounce a
brother-member. I do not rise to complain
of this; but I wish to say that such a course
does not tend to good-feeling, and I think I
may add in all courtesy that the conduct com-
plained of was unfair and unjust. _ When the
discussion on this subject was closing the other
day, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.gakfield,]
who rose with a proclamation of personal
friendship for me, seemed in the course of his
remarks as if he were prosecuting a criminal.
Such appeared to be the whole tenor of his
argument, as well as that of the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.] Now, sir, I con-
ceive that this was unfair and unjust toward a
member of this House. The members were
my judges, and they ought to have come to the
decision of my case uninfluenced by passion
and unclouded by prejudice.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object to this. I
submit that criticisms on the judgment of the
House and the action of members by a man
under sentence are not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky inti-
mating that members were influenced by passion
are certainly out of order.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. If I have said anything
improper I take it back. I have said that
members should have considered and argued
my case without prejudice and without passion.
If I was in error in this position I am ready to
withdraw it. If members should not delib-
erate and determine on a matter of this impor-
tance and delicacy uninfluenced by passion or
prejudice then I am in error.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I hope, as I remarked at
the outset, that I shall say nothing improper.
I appeal to this House to decide whether those
gentlemen did not show far more passion in
words and actions than I have shown in any-
thing I have said, or, judging from the course
of these remarks, what I am likely to say.
Why, sir, in the midst of the argument of the
member from Ohio 
Mr. STEVENS. I must again object to this
course of remark. It is simply a criticism
upon what was done by this House in passing
judgment upon the ease of the gentleman; and
the gentleman has no right to criticise it.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Mr. Speaker, I do not
criticise the judgment of the House. lam say-
ing nothing^ about the judgment of the House.
I am speaking of the manner of the argument
° ^is case.'
4-u SPEAKER, lie Chair thinks that for
the gentleman from Kentucky to impute pas-
sion to other members in the argument iflt his
case is not within the rule.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Underthe ruling of the
Speaker, I will withdraw the obnoxious remark.
I was going on to say that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] in the midst of his argu-
ment, when certainly greatly excited 
Mr. MERCUR. I call the gentleman to
order, and raise the point whether it is in, or-
der for him to criticise the speeches or conduct
of members in passing upon his case.
The SPEAKER. The' Chair has already
indicated to the gentleman from Kentucky
that such language is not within the proper
line of remark.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Well, Mr. Speaker, may
I be allowed to say, while my case was being
tried, and a good deal of excitement was
aroused in the House, that an account of a
fist fight in some part of the basement of this
Capitol between outsiders, alleged to have oc-
curred on the instant, was introduced in the
midst of the debate by the member from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield,] with intense emotion and a
labored and not unsuccessful effort at dramatic
effect to influence the minds of members, and
that said assault was by him characterized as
"brutal and bloody?" May I say that, sir?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has-saidit.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Then I will adhere to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that is
not out of order.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I am very glad of that,
sir, and I will proceed with my remarks. I
was sorry to see, sir, that when the House of
Representatives^ the United States was en-
gaged in the trial of one of its members an
effort was made to influence its decision by
bringing into the debate such extraneous in-
fluences as this. Now, sir, was that either a
proper or a timely proceeding?
Sir, the member from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] when everybody else was cut off by the
previous question from saying a word, seemed
to me, and I hope I may be allowed to say it in-
all courtesy, to bo lying in wait in the argument;
and when my mouth was doubly sealed by the
proprieties of the case and by the previous ques-
tion, lie made a concluding appeal, such as one
rarely hears in any court of justice where the
case is one of murder or of the highest crime
known to the law. That he had a right to do,
but though I am ruled out of order if I should
characterize that speech of the gentleman as
animated by undue "passion," yet I trust I
may be allowed, without interruption, to re-
mark that I should have been better satisfied,
and that the House could have determined the
matter with equal justice and with better tem-
per without such an excited appeal.
The prosecution in this case I must say I
think has been entirely unjust to me. I will
not allege more for I may be called to order.
In the outset the gentleman from Massachu-
setts 
Mr. STEVENS. I insist this is out of order.
He is criticising the mode by which the House
arrived at its judgment, what was done by
members, what took place here before judg-
ment which a man called for sentence has no
right to refer to.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustainn the
point of order; and will read from page 74 of
the Journal:
"Ko prior determination of the House is to bo
reflected on by any member unless he means to con-
clude with a motion to rescind it.''
Mr. ROUSSEAU. That is the furthest from
my intention.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no mistaking the
course of his argument, and I object. Instead
of the House I ask the Speaker whether the
respondent is not to be reprimanded according
to the order of the House.
