66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
True, and Nathaniel Crowell, owners of the
brig Sabao, praying for remuneration for the
loss? of their vessel destroyed by the rebels.
This case occurred in 1862. The Government
chartered a vessel for the transportation oi sup-
plies from Maine to Fortress Monroe. The ves-
sel reported to and was considered under the
direction of the military authorities. While in
that position, the rebel steamer Merrimae so
called, with the steamship Jamestown, made a
raid and destroyed the vessel and cargo. While
the m ilitary and the Treasury Department of the
Government are paying enormous claims in the
rebel States, it seems to me Congress should
take care of the claims of loyal citizens of the
loyal Slates. I move the reference of the pe-
tition to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL presented the petition of G.
B. Smith, and many other citizens of Maine,
praying that soldiers who obtained pensions in
consequence of injuries received in the war of
1812, may be allowed back pay from the date
of their discharge to the date of their pension
certificates; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Sarah L.
.Spring and Harriet, Spring, praying for the
half pay to which William Barker was entitled
under the resolve of Congress of the 21st of Oc-
tober, 1780, granting half pay to the surviving
officers of the Revolution ; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Wisconsin, praying for the passage
of a law equalizing the bounties of soldiers ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CRAGiN presented the petition of
Frank If. Evans, a pensioner who has lost his
right arm, praying for an increase of pension
to enlisted men who have lost an arm or leg
in the service, from eight to fifteen dollars per
month; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mi-. SUMNER. I present the petition of
Bridget Stone, ol'Shrewsbury,in Massachusetts,
the widow of a revolutionary soldier, repre-
senting that on applying for a pension she has
been denied on the ground that there is a cer-
tain failure of evidence in her case, but the
papers show that she clearly comes within the
equity of the statute. The case is one of sin-
gular interest; the papers are full; and I ask
respectfully the attention of the committee to
it. I move its reference to the Committee on
Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BllOWN. I desire to present certain
exhibits, papers, and statements connected with
a bill which was referred at the last meeting to
the Committee on Military Affairs—a bill for
the reimbursement of the State of Missouri for
certain moneys expended in paying for her
mihtia troops. In connection with these papers
is a wry brief statement ot the facts, of the ori-
gin of the claim, the amount, and the exhibits
on which it is predicated. 1 ask that the state-
ment. may be printed ; the exhibit1'it is not ne-
cessary to publish. Itwill facilitate very much
the action of the committee and of members of
the Senate. It is very brief.
The motion to piint «us agreed to; and the
pnpi-is weie referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Allaire and the Militia.
PAY TO NAVAL OFFTCUKS.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 present a memorial signed
bv \ ice Admiral David G. Farragut and about j
eleven hundred other commissioned officers of I
the United States Navy—all, 1 believe, or nearly j
all now in the country—who represent that their •,
pay was established free from tax at a period j
when the currency was gold and silver: that !
even at that time it was not more than sufficient \
to meet their necessary expenses, and left them ;
without the prospect of providing for old age j
or misibrlune: that since that period the cost j
of the tiece.-.-arios of life has more than doubled !
in many instances; that this increase of cost i
has been provided for in civil employments by J
a corresponding increase of salary, while the
memorialists, compelled by the discipline of
the Navy to preserve the appearance of officers
at whatever cost, have been forced in many in-
stances to incur debts or to suffer family pri-
vations which they have endeavored to conceal
from the public during the rebellion, with the
hope that after its suppression either the cost
of the necessaries of life would be reduced to
the former amount, or that Congress, in a sense
of justice and humanity, would make such an
addition to their pay as would enable them to
maintain that appearance before their fellow-
citizens and the representatives of foreign coun-
tries which the universal sentiment requires of
our officers. They therefore pray that Con-
gress will increase their compensation. I move
that the memorial be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 35) making appropriation
for refurnishing and repairing the President's
House; and
A bill (H. R. No. 80) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions
of the United States for the year ending June
30, 18GT.
The message" further announced thai the
House of Representatives had passed a concur-
rent resolution proposing an adjournment of
Congress fiom Wednesday, December 20,1865,
until Tuesday, January 9, 1866.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the President pro tem-
pore of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 23) to prevent the spread
of foreign diseases among the cattle of the
United States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 24) to amend an act en-
titled 11 An act providing for the selection of
jurors to serve in the several courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia."
RT^l'Or.'W PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print one thousand copies of the report of the
Quartermaster General for the use of his do-
pal tmenl, reporteditback without amendment,
and it was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to, as follows:
AV o'.v'i/. That one thousand copies of the report of
the Qiun-rcr'n ■: ■)' donera] ho printed for the use of
the (luartermu.-dcr's department.
He also, from the same commit! ee, to whom
was referred a resolution to print two hundred
and fifty additional copies of the annual reports
of the superintendents of the Insane Asylum
and of the Columbia Institute for the Deaf and
Dumb, for the use of those officers, reported it
back v.ilhout amendment, atid it was consid-
ered by unanimous consent and agreed to, as
follows:
Jlesohvri, That two hundred and fifty additional
copies of the annual leports of the superin tend cuts of
the Insane Asylum and of the Columbia Institute bli-
the Deaf and Dumb be printed for the uso of those
officers respectively.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate, to whom was referred a resolution to
pay to tho widow of lion. Jacob Collamer the
amount of compensation due him at, the time
of his death, reported it back without amend-
ment, and, by unanimous consent, it was read
the second time, considered as in Committee of
the Whole, ordered to lie engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed, as fol-
lows:
he
Jleaohed, That the Secretary of the Senate bo and
! is hereby directed to pay out of the contingent
fund of the Senate, to Mrs. Mary N. Collamer, widow
of Hon. Jacob Collamer, deceased, late a Senator from
the State of Vermont, tho amount of compensation
due the deceased at the time of his death.
DESTITUTE INDIAN'S.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred Senate joint
resolution No. 6, have had the same under con-
sideration, and have directed me to report it
back, with a recommendation that it pass with
amendments; and have also desired me to ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to put
the resolution on its passage at the present
time.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (S. It. No. 6) authorizing
the President to divert certain funds heretofore
appropriated, and cause the same to be used for
immediate subsistence and clothing, &c., for
destitute Indians and Indian tribes. The reso-
lution authorizes the President of the United
States to cause to be expended, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, for
immediate subsistence and clothing of desti-
tute Indians and Indian tribes, and for agricul-
tural implements and seeds, a sum not exceed-
ing §1,000,000 of the unexpended balance in
the Treasury of appropriations heretofore made
to enable the President of the United Stales
to carry into effect the act of March 3, 1819,
and any other acts now in force "for the sup-
pression of the slave'trade," and the accounts
of such expenditure are to be laid before Con-
gress during its present session.
The first amendment of the committee was
in line eleven, after the word "tribes," to in-
sert the words "within the southern superin-
tendency."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fourteen,
to strike out "one million" and insert "five
hundred thousand."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end
of the joint resolution the following proviso:
A,idprovided aho, That ali articles to be furnished
to said destitute Indians and Indian tribes shall be
delivered to them on or before the 1st day of July
next.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to the Sen-
ate iu" a word the object of this resolution. As
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
I have received a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Interior urgently recommending
the immediate action of Congress on this sub-
ject. Accompanying his letter of recommenda-
tion is also a letter of recommendation of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and with that
is also a letter from the superintendent of the
southern superinteudency. From these letters
I will read two or three extracts to the Seflate.
Mr. Sell,,the superintendent, writes as follows:
Washington, D. C., Kovemler S, 1S35.
Sir: I desire to present for your consideration the
destitution of tho Indians in the southern Mipenn-
tendency, and tile imperative necessity for providing
immediate means for supplying the loyal, as well us
those who have been disloyal, with the necessaries of
lire sufiicient to prevent starvation and sutiering.
Your department is fully advised as to the desti-
tution of tho Indians referred to, both as to clothing
and subsistence, and unless means are provided to
meet pressing necessities great suffering must be the
result.
The utter helplessness of said Indians is conse-
quent upon a ^ate of-war, during v/hich they have
been robtjed of all available mc.ms to help them-
selves. They are now returning to a de-oiate'-ountry
. with assurances that the tioverninent will aid thrni
until tircy can provide the means for helping them-
selves.
There arc of loyal refugee Indians that have been
and are being fed, li1,07(1, y,-}neh require for subsist-
ence during tho approaching winter, the fourth
quarter 1K35, and first quarter 1806, not far from fif-
teen cents per head, being less tfian one halt' Ariny
ration.--, amounting to .^520,011
Kor ciolhinG: for 20,,">70 loyal rohip;''e In-
dians, at if f each, which includes 1,500 In-
dians who have the means of subsistence,
hut unable to obtain clothing   2,Si,J30
Total....
 $806,001
For the disloyal portion—6,000 Cherokees. 4,000
