1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. • I move to
add the following:
And provided further. That no part of the money
hereby appropriated for claims due for the construc-
tion and finishing of the Baltimore court-house, and
for payment of claims due for repairs of Government
warehouses and construction of wharves on Staten
Island, Sew York, shall be paid for damages, and no
payments whatever shall be made except in full ex-
amination by the proper Department of (he Govern-
ment and certificate ot the Attorney General that said
amounts to bo paid are legal and proper.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by adding another proviso, as'follows:
Provided further. That no part of the money hereby
appropriated for gas in the city of Washington shall
* be paid at a larger sum per hundred cubic feet than
was paid prior to the passage of the act to iunend the
charter of the "Washington Gas-Light Company, ap-
proved January 30,18t>5.
Mr. STEVENS. I am afraid my friend has
run mad with provisos. The last Congress the
company showed that they were losing moiiey,
and Congress altered the rate, fixing a certain
amount to be paid by the citizens and a Jess
amount to he paid by the Government, but fixed
the amount. Under the law then passed the
company has gone on and supplied us with the
gas, and this amount which we have appropri-
ated is not for future use but for what has al-
ready been supplied. Now, sir, are we going
to repudiate a contract which we entered into
with this company to take their gas at that price ?
They would not be bound to furnish it if we had
not made the contract at a price lixed for the
Government which is different from the price
at which they furnish it to individuals. To re-
pudiate this would be nearly as bad as the re-
pudiation of the claim of Jirighum Young, for I
look upon that as a shameful repudiation, and
I hope when it comes into the House it will
not be concurred in. Though this company is
not perhaps in quite so bad odor as Brigham
Young, yet the contract is just as binding, and
this money is as justly due. Wo cut down an
appropriation the other day for lighting from
$85,000 to $50,000. That amount is all ex
ponded but about a thousand dollars, and when
that is gone we shall have the pleasure of being
in darkness, for there will not be a dollar to pay
for gas.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend tlio proviso by inserting the word '' here-
after," so as to mako it apply to the future.
That will meet the objection of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, which may have something
in it. I do this for the purpose of reducing the
price of gas which the Government will have to
pay for in the future.
Mr. STEVENS. T raise the question of
order that what (lie gentleman now proposes is
independent legislation upon an appropriation
bill.
Mv. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That, is no
point of order with my friend; it would do very
well for me to raise it in regard to him.
Mr. STEVENS. I make it ad homincm.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Ad homi-
ncm is not quite as profitable as the price of
g*Tho CHAIRMAN. No legislation _ is in
order that proposes independent, legislation.
Mr. WASilBURNE of Illinois. I want to
stand by that rule of the House, and am glad
to see my colleague in the chair [Mv. Wknt-
wortii] sound on that subject. But if the ob-
jection raised by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is sound, then I ask the House to adopt,
the amendment as it now stands. The com-
pany came in here at the last Congress and got
- a largo increase in the price of gas in this city.
It is legislation that ought not to be sanctioned,
and now that we have an opportunity of repeal-
ing it I trust we shall do so. The amount wo
pay to this companyis very great. Gentlemen
will recollect that in this bill, a few days ago,
there was ail appropriation of $85,000 for light-
ing, which the House reduced to $50,000. I
hope the House will put an end to, this extrava-
gance and adopt the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburne] seems to have some par-
ticular spite, if I may use the expression,
against the. gas company.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is ruled
out, and there is nothing pending.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 move that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Wextworth re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole had
had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly House bill No. 86,
making additional appropriations, and to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations, for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1860, arid
for other purposes, and had made sundry amend-
ments thereto.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous ques-
tion on the bill and the pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
were, by unanimous consent, voted on and
agreed to en masse.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill of the Senate No, (if, " to protect all per-
sons in the United States in their civil rights
and furnihli the means of their vindication,"
upon which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Tiiaykr] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to mo that 1 may ask the
unanimous consent of tho House to introduce
a joint, resolution for reference only.
Mr. THAYER. As I do not desire to ad-
dress the House this evening, 1 will yield to any
gentleman who desires to ask unanimous con-
sent of tho House.
HKlIIT-IIOUn SYSTEM.
Mr. NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution declaring eight hours
labor a, day's work in all cases where laborers,
mechanics, or avtisans may be employed by or
in behalf of the Government; which was read
a lirsl and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on tho Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
LUAYIi OF ABSENCE.
Mr. SM1TT1. 1 ask leave of abscnco for my
colleague, General Rousseau, until Monday
next.
No objection was made, and the leave of
absence was granted.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask leave of absence
until Monday next for Mr. IIouax, of Mis-
souri.
No objection was made, and the leave of
absence was granted.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask leave of absence for
one week" from to-day.
There was no objection, and tho leave of
absence was granted.
ItAll.UOAD OKA NT TO CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. McRUER, by unanimous
consent, bill of the Senate No- 13o, granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the waters of the bay
of San Francisco to Humboldt bay, in the State
of California, was taken from tho Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, with the
understanding that it should not he brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
LAND GRANT TO WISCONSIN.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous
consent, bill of the Senate No. 85, granting
to the State of Wisconsin a donation of public
lands to aid in the construction of a break-
water and harbor and ship-canal at the head
of Sturgeon bay, in the county of Doar, in said
State, to connect the waters of Green bay with
Lake Michigan, in said State, was taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second
'time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, with the understanding that it should
not be brought back by a motion to reconsider.
FRANCIS A. GIBBONS AND B. X. KELLEY.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a joint res-
olution for the purpose of putting it upon its
passage, referring the papers in the case ot
Erancis A. Gibbons anil R X. Kelley to the
Court of Claims.
I will state that tho parties desire to with-
draw their claim from before the Committee
of Claims, for the reason that they have found
the evidence which was wanting in their case,
and it is much better that it should be investi-
gated by the Court of Claims than by the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
And then, on motion of Mr. SMITH, (at
five o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Tho following petitions, &c., were presented uuder
tho rale and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ALLISON": Tho petition of .soldiers of Iowa
regiments, discharged on account of physical disa-
bility, piaying loi additional bounty.
By Mr. ALLEY* The petition of Lynn Savings Bank,
also the Savings Bank of Newbury port, for reduc-
tion of taxes upon savings institution5!.
By Mr. BUN L)Y: The petition of William D.Kelly
&<-o., proprietors of Center and lleela Furnaces, Law-
rence county, Ohio, for mi increase of the tariff.
Al*o, the petition of Lindsc> Kelley, and 103 utheis,
citizen* and laborers at. uud near Center Furnace, in
said county, for tho increase o{ the tariff.
By Mr. DRIGGS: The petition ot Samuel Acklcy,
and 40 otheis, of Iosco and Bay counties, Michigan,
asking an appropriation of $">0,00l) to improve the
harborat the mouth of Au bauble river, in said State.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Nantuckct Insti-
tution for Savings, praying that such institutions,
having no capital stock, shall be relieved from tho
taxes now charged upon them.
Al.'O, the petition of Plymouth Savings Bank,
Massachusetts, praying for relief from certain taxa-
tion of savings institutions not having capital stock.
By Mr. FARNSWORTII: Tho petition of Thomp-
son <fe Co., of Rockford, Illinois, who aro manufac-
turers of harvesters and other agricultural imple-
ments, to be relieved from excessive taxation.
By Mr. FERRY: Tho memorial of J 11.Tompkins,
praying for relief in consequence of tho improper
disposition of certain land warrants.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of George "W.
Ilarney, and 109 others, eitizensof Youngstown, Ohio,
praying Congress to increase the duties on imports
wherever needed to fully protect home labor, and
remonstrating against fico trade.
Also, the petition of Messrs. Brown & Bonncll, and
212 others, citizensof Youngstown, Ohio, praying Con-
gress to amend tho tariff so as to protect American
labor, at least to the extent of the difference of the
cost of capital and labor here and abroad, with the
addition of the taxes paid by American industrial
products from which the foreign are free.
By Mr. lllUBY: The petition of the officers of tho
United States steamer Independence, for an increase
of pay.
Also, the petition of the officers of the United States
steamer Suwanec. for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of the officer.1: of the United States
steamer Comanche, for tho same purpose,.
Also.thepotition of theoflieeisoftheNavy attached
to. the navy-yard at Mare Island, California, for the
same purpose.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of C. A. Stevens, and
others, citizens of Crown Point, FJsscx county, New
Yotk, for protection to American industry.
Also, thntcen petitions of citizens of Essex and
Clinton counties. New York, to same effect.
Also, the petition of Thomas Hammond, and oth-
ers, citizensof Crown Point, E&&ex county, New York,
to same efteet.
By Mr. HOUAN": Tho petition of sundry dealers of
St. Louis, Missouri, against allowing the Post Office
Department to sell stamped envelopes for onlytbe
value of the stamps.
By Mr. JENCIvES: The petition of George Har-
land, and others, soldiers of the war of 1812, for pen-
sions.
By Mr. LONG YEAR: The petition of M.B.Wood,
and 085 others, citizens of the State of Michigan,
residing in the counties of Ingham, Eaton. Jackson,
and Hillsdale, for an extension of the land grant
heretofore made by Congress to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from Amboy.by the way ofLartsing,
to some point at or near Traverse bay.
By Mr. MGRCUR: The petition of honorably dis-
charged soldiers of Bradford county, Pennsylvania,
asking that all soldiers who were enrolled previous
to October 21, 1863, be granted the same pay ana
bounties as wero allowed to soldiers who enlisted
after that date. _
By Mr. NIBLACK: The petition ef Dr. Eh Lewis,
