1868...
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1131
and others, of Indiana, praying compensation to Dr.
Jonathan R. Tilman, late assistant surgeon of the
sixtieth regiment of Indiana volunteers.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition of Mr. F. W. Pitkin
of Natchez, Mississippi, respecting tax on cotton.
By Mr. STEVENS: The petition of Alexander
Eider, a disabled soldier, praying for increase of
pension.
By My. UPSON: The petition of Ezra Berry, IT.
H. Kellogg, and 44 others, of Quincy, Michigan, ask-
ing Congress to pass a law equalizing soldiers' boun-
ties.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana: The petition of
Joseph Potts, and 280other persons, praying for a mail
route from Rockville, Parke county, to Covington,
Fountain county, Indiana.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: The peti-
tion of John B. Beach, and 16 others, citizens of the
ninth Massachusetts district, praying for an amend-
ment of the Constitution so that the President and
Vice President may be chosen by the legal voters of
the United States without the intervention of Elect-
oral Colleges; also, for an intelligent voting basis
"without distinction of race or color.
Also, the petition of John B. Beach, and 21 oth-
ers, citizens of Barre, Massachusetts, asking for an
amendment to the Constitution so as to protect all
loyal citizens.
Also, the petition of the trustees of Amherst Sav-
ings Bank, in Massachusetts, praying that all savings
institutions may be relieved from the tax imposed
upon them.
By Mr. WENTWORTH: The petition of citizens
of Marshall county, Iowa, for increased transit facil-
ities.
NOTICE OS A BILL.
The following notice for leave to introduce a bill
Was given under the rule:
By Mr. MYERS: An act regulating appeals to the
examiners-in-chief in the Patent Office.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 2, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Ilev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
leave 01' absence.
Mr. CHANDLER. In behalf of my col-
league, [Mr. Howard,] I ask that he be granted
leave of absence for two weeks on account of
the death of his wife.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Michigan moves that his colleague be
allowed leave of absence for two weeks in
consequence of domestic affliction.
Leave was granted.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I deem
•t my duty to rise to a personal explanation
which concerns the relations between the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum
tfji] and myself. Since my entrance into this
nody I can assure that honorable Senator that
■mne but the highest personal estimation of him
las been entertained by me, feelings of sincere
iiendship and regard as well as high respect.
A.ud I should not rise now to say anything were
rt not for the fact that a telegram addressed to
die honorable Senator finds publication in a
lewspaper in this city which is published by
■ he. Secretary of the Senate. It is dated "New
Haven, Connecticut, February 28, 1806," ad-
dressed to ''Hon. Charles Soeveii," and is in
these words:
" Doolittlf. was hissed andsilenced for disparaging
you in a speech here to-night.
"W.A. CROFEUT."
Mr. President, there are three great mistakes
of fact in those two lines; first that I disparaged
Mr. Sumxep. at all in my remarks on that occa-
sion ; second that I was hissed at all; and third
that I was silenced. All three of those allega-
tions are false. What I said on that occasion,
Mr. President, which referred to the honorable
gentleman, I find briefly stated in the Boston
Journal, whose reporter was present, and it
is also stated in the journals of Connecticut.
_"n speaking upon the pending constitutional
intendment before the Senate, I expressed my
belief that it was doubtful whether that amend-
ment could be carried. I read from the Boston
Journal:
. "In his [myl opinion it was not worth while to
delay reconstruction to carry through such an amend-
ment. Even amone those men who are denominated
radicals, like Mr. StJMXKS, of Massachusetts"—
Then commenced by some persons in the
assembly the hisses which are referred to, and
the Journal goes on to remark:
"Here were many hisses, which were drowned by
thunders of applause continually raised for several
minutes at every continuation of the hisses."
Then 1 continued:
"Even suchmen are doubtful about such an amend-
ment. I do not mean to censure the motives of Mr.
Sumnek. [More hisses and thundering applause.1
Hear me, gentlemen; I do not mean to censure such
men, for I shall vote on the pending amendment with
Mr. Sumxkr. [Applause.]"
This, Mr. President, is a statement substan-
tially of just what occurred. Neither did I dis-
parage the honorable Senator, nor was I hissed,
nor was I silenced, for I immediately went on
and finished the speech. I feel called upon to
say this, because this telegram addressed to the
honorable Senator appears in a newspaper
which is published and controlled by'the Sec-
retary of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg leave to say that I
think the people meant to disapprove of the
probable vote of both these gentlemen. Prob-
ably that was the purpose of the hisses. The
people meant to indicate that they were both
wrong on the constitutional amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my friend desires to
go into that subject, I can tell him that the
applause was very much more than the hisses.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are both in the same
boat on that subject. [Laughter.]
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. NESMITH presented three petitions of
officers of the Navy attached to the navy-yard
at Mare Island, California, praying for an in-
crease of their compensation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Ohio, in favor of an increase in
the regular Army, and recommending the ap-
pointment of competent volunteer officers to
positions therein ; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio engaged in the manufacture of harvesters
and other agricultural implements, praying that
they may be allowed in making their returns
to deduct the value of any and all parts of ma-
chinery which have already paid a tax; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Benjamin Tilloy, of Rhode Island, praying for
compensation for rent of land occupied by the
War Department in Washington city; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial of
Commodore Henry Eagle, praying to be re-
imbursed for money alleged to have been stolen
from him on the 2d of June, 1848, while acting
as purser of the United States bomb-vessel Etna,
at Frontera, in the State of Texas, he having
paid the same on the settlement of his accounts ;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of Wil-
liam Masters and Thomas Smith, praying for
an increase of the duties on imported clay pipes;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of a
committee appointed by a convention of plow-
makers and manufacturers of agricultural im-
plements of western New York, praying for a
reduction of the tax on agricultural implements;
whichwasreferredtotlieCommittee on Finance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Wisconsin in favor of pay-
ment to Alexander F. Pratt, late sheriff of
Waukesha county, in that State, for expenses
incurred by him in pursuing and keeping a pris-
oner convicted in the United States district
court for that State for counterfeiting United
States coin; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of the
authors and editors of our country, and as it is
very brief I will read it:
To the members of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America:
We. the undersigned, citizens of the United States,
do most respectfully represent to your honorable
bodies that the true interests of American literature
demand the adoption of an international copyright
/ ™s G°vernment and that of Great Britain,
and do pray that you Trill enact suoh measure or
measures as will secure at the earliest possible day
the consideration of such a law by the two Govern-
ments herein mentioned. And your petitioners will
ever pray, &c.
This petition is headed -by William C.- Bry-
ant, and among the names I observe Parke
Godwin, Leonard Bacon, Willam L. Kingsley,
George, P. Putnam, C." P. Cranch, E. P. Whip-
ple, George E. Ellis, Benson J. Lossing, J. C.
Fletcher, Oliver Wendell Holmes, ana many
others whose names I do not read.
I also present a similar petition, which is
headed by Henry W. Longfellow, and I find
among the names James Russell Lowell, Jared
Sparks, S. Austin Allibone, and most, if not
all, those who have done the most for the litera-
ture of our country, and also most of the lead-
ing editors of the country.
Some fourteen years ago, sir, I had the honor
of presenting a similar petition signed by Wash-
ington Irving, Fenimore Cooper, and William
H. Prescott. Those illustrious persons have
passed away without seeing the prayer which
they addressed to Congress answered. I trust
that some, at least, of these numerous peti-
tioners may see their prayer answered before
they too sliall.pass away.
I have had some hesitation as to the commit-
tee to which these petitions should be referred.
It will be observed, however, that they concern
primarily an international question, inasmuch
as they propose action on our part which looks
. to reciprocal action on the part of Great Britain.
I shall therefore ask the reference of these pe-
titions to the Committee on Foreign Relations;
but should that committee not be able to ma-
ture any measure in pursuance of the petitions,
I shall expect that they will be reported back
to the Senate and referred to some more appro-
priate committee, who may undertake to mature
some measure in pursuance of the prayer of
the petitioners. I ask their reference to that
committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ref-
erence will be ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I present a
petition signed by John A. Andrew, and a large
number of the most distinguished and respect-
able gentlemen of Massachusetts, and, as you
will see from its size, [holding up the petition,]
the signatures are very numerous. It is very
brief, and I will read it:
The undersigned, people of Massachusetts, respect-
fully pray that th e Constitution of the United States
may be amended:
1. So that the President and Vice President maybe
chosen by the qualified voters of the United States
directly, without the intervention of electoral col-
2. So that the qualifications of voters for President,
Vice President, and Representatives in Congress may
be established on an impartial, just, and constitutional
basis, imparting and limiting the privilege of voting
tor those oiliecrs to those citizens who can read and
who comply with the other requirements and condi-
tions made by the laws oi their respective States re-
spectively : provided that no one shall bo abridged
or affected in his enjoymentof this franchise by reason
of race, color, descent, or social condition, and that no
one shall be disfranchised who already enjoys it un-
der existing laws.
I move the reference of this petition to the
joint eommittce on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATOR. SKOM LOUISIANA.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have been requestedto
present (and I comply with the request with
pleasure) the credentials of Hon. Henry Boyce,
elected as one of the Senators from the State
of Louisiana for the term ending March 4,
1807. I move that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Robert W. Dunbar, praying to be reimbursed
for damages sustained in consequence of a re-
vocation of his appointment as agent to take
charge of public property at Port Orford, in
Oregon, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, the case coming within the juris-
