THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
■this trained talent. "We have certainly many
-officers in the regular Army that have not been
heard of during the war ; and as things now
■stand, many of the most distinguished generals
who have commanded divisions and corps must
go back to their lineal rank in the Army, and
be under the command of men who outrank
them who have rendered no service during the
war, or none to speak of. Again, the volun-
teer officers, no matter how much they may hav§
done for the country—and there are thousands
of most accomplished officers who have served
during the war and made historic names—must
go into the regular Army, if they enter it, as
second -lieutenants, at the toot of the list, be-
hind moil many of whom have not heard a gun
fired during the war. I do not commit myself
to any positive action, but I think the subject
ought to be looked into carefully, and there-
fore I offer this resolution of inquiry.
Mr. HENDRICKS. While the Senator is
upon this subject, I wish to make an inquiry of
him. Some days since the House of Repre-
sentatives passed a joint resolution requesting
the President to take no action prejudicial to
the Veteran Reserve corps until the pleasure
of Congress in regard to that corps should, be
made known. That resolution was referred to
the Military Committee of this body. I wish
to ask the Senator whether it is probable that
committee will make a report before the re-
cess. 1 do not know whether it is possible that
the Administration will take any action after
the House of Representatives has expressed so
decidedly its desire on the subject; but still as
that resolution is a mere request, I think it
ought not to remain very long in committee ;
I cannot see a necessity for that.
While 1 am up, I beg leave to say that I am
sure the country feels great interest in the for-
tunes of that corps as the only portion of the
volunteer service that is likely to find its way
as a body into the regular Army. It is impos-
sible now to say, as Congress will have to con-
sider that question, what number of that corps
can be retained. That wili depend, no doubt,
upon the decision of Congress m respect to the
size of the regular Army, but I am anxious to
see the House resolution passed before the re-
cess. A few days since I received a letter from
a very gallant officer in the State of Indiana,
who is a member of that corps, in which he
says:
" I am selected by the officers from Indiana who are
represented ill the Veteran Reserve corps, to ask
your assistance in our behalf in Congress, ft is our
desire to be retained in the Army, and think wo are
entitled to some consideration and help from the
powers that be. as we are the wounded and maimed
ofliceis of the volunteer army, who hom the circum-
stances of war have been rendered many of us unlit
for the active duties of life.
"The late ot our cause will soon bo presented to
you members of Congress to determine whether you
■will retain or turn us out upon the world, objects of
charity."
This letter thus far, I think, expresses the
feeling of a large body of that corps, if not the
entire official force, and I appreciate the senti-
ment of these gallant men that they prefer a
support from the Government for the"discharge
of a duty rather than to depend upon a pension.
Mr. WILSON. In reply to the Senator from
Indiana, I will say that the committee have had
that subject under consideration, and have sent
to the War Department for information in re-
gard to the number of officers, their rank, and
condition, the number of men, and such other
matters as are necessary to guide intelligent
action, and we shall probably have the infor-
mation in a very short time. I will say further
that there are many meritorious officers in the
Veteran Reserve corps, and I have no doubt
the feeling of the country and of Congress is
kindly toward them, but there are thousands
of officers that have served in the field during
the war and been wounded who must not be
overlooked, and the question is one requiring a
great deal of care and examination.
The resolution was agreed to.
papers withdraw:*.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask that the Committee
an Claims, to whom were referred the papers in
the case of Francis A. Gibbons and F. X. Kelly,
may be discharged from their further consider-
ation, and that the parties may be allowed to
withdraw their papers. The parties desire to
withdraw the papers from the consideration of
the Senate, f hey are now in the hands of the
Committee on Claims. On a motion which I
made some days ago the papers were referred
to that committee. I think there was some
mistake about it. They now want to withdraw
their papers.
The motion was agreed to. The committee
was discharged from the further consideration
of the papers, and leave was granted to the par-
ties to withdraw them.
On motion of Mr. WILLEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers of the
heirs of Major Andrew Russell, of the revolutionary
war, be taken from the files of the Senate and referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. NORTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in the
cases of Jean Hudrfs heirs, AnaQeRoblas y Robaldo,
and Thomas Laurent, bo withdrawn from the files of
the Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in the
case of Ephraim Hunt bo taken from the tiles ot the
Senate and refeired to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in the
oase of the Amoskeag Manufacturing Company, pray-
ing compensation for three regimental cook wagons
furnished by order of Major (J en oral Fremont, com-
manding the Western department, and the petition
and other papers of Frank Pugslcy, praying compen-
sation for services rendered the United States Govern-
ment, as a soldier, from October 17,1801, to October
24, 1862, be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the ease of Joshua I).
Todd, late of the United States Navy, be withchawn
trom thcfilcs and refened to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
committee service.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the President
pro tempore be authorized to fill the vacancy
upon the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Chesweix to fill the vacancy upon the
Committee on Commerce, and Mr. Wilson to
fill that upon the Committee on Public Lands.
tension appropriation bill.
The bill (PI. R. No. 36) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1867, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
president's house.
The bill (H. R. No. 35) making appropria-
tion for refurnishing and repairing the Presi-
dent's House, was read twice by its tittle.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask that the bill be
taken up and acted on now; it is very easily
understood, and there is an urgent necessity
for making the appropriation, in order that the
work of rejiair and refurnishing may go on.
The President's Rouse is in a very bad condi-
tion, and it should be attended to at once. I
make the suggestion after consulting with sev-
eral members of the Committee on Finance.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to appropriate $30,000, or so much of
that sum as may be necessary, for refurnishing
and repairing the President's House.
The bill was leported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
executive communication.
The PRESIDF.XT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of War,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 13th instant, informa-
tion in relation to persons in the employment
of the Government under the War ] (epartment
who have not taken the oath prescribed bylaw,
and to persons appointed to offices not author-
ized by law ; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
adjournment for the holidays.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up the res-
olution from the House of Representatives in
regard to an adjournment.
Mr. FESSE"NDEN. I have no objection to
its being taken up, but I shall interpose an
objection to its second reading to-day.
Mr. "WILSON. There is no object in taking
it up if it cannot be read a second time to-day.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it had better"be
taken up and read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will not advance
it at all.
JSiIr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion.
executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As there is an occasion
for an executive session, 1 move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 18, 186-5.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. B. F. Morris, of Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
member and delegates qualified.
Mr. Benjamin G. Harris, a Representative-
elect from the State of Maryland, appeared and
was duly qualified.
Mr. HOLBROOK announced that Mr. Sam-
uel McLean, Delegate-elect from the Territory
of Montana, was in attendance and ready to
take the oath prescribed by law; whereupon
Mr. McLean presented himself and was duly
qualified.
Mr. WASHBUENE, of Illinois, announced
that Mr. William H. Hooper, Delegate-elect
from the Territory of Utah, was in attendance,
and ready to take the oath prescribed by law;
whereupon Mr. Hooper presented himself and
was duly qualified.
reports from committees.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the calling of committees for reports, to go
upon the Calendar, and not to be brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
tv. j. morris.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of Claims,
presented an adverse report upon the petition
of W. J.Morris, of Benton. Illinois, praying for
remuneration for losses and services while act-
ing as a scout and spy during the late war.
The petition and accompanying papers were
laid upon the table.
Mr. DELANO. I move that the petitioner
have leave to withdraw the petition and accom-
panying papers, on tiling copies of them.
The motion was agreed to.
The call of committees having been con-
cluded,
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order, the calling of States for resolu-
tions, commencing with the State of Iowa, and
proceeding in inverted order.
representative from arkansas.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a privileged question,
and present the credentials of James M. John-
son, claiming to lun e been elected as a mem-
ber of Congress from the third district of the
State of Arkansas. I ask that they be referred
to the select committee on reconstruction. In
connection with these papers 1 introduce a res-
olution, on which I call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The credentials will be
referred to the select committee on recon-
struction. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Smith] submits, also, as a question of privilege,
a resolution which will be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Rrio/red. That Jame« M. Johnson, a member-elect
to the Thirty-Xinth Congress Iroin the third district
of ! ho Htato*of Arkansas be admitted to the privi-
leges of tho floor of the House during the pendency
of his claim as a member thereof.
