4012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 21,
prophecy which says that "in those days false
prophets shall arise." [Laughter.]
Mr, FARNSWORTH. \Yill the gentleman
from Kentucky yield?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, For a mo-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suppose it is well
settled that this House has power to punish for
contempt, and in the exercise of that power it
may order a member to be committed to jail
ana held in custody for a time. There is no
doubt about that. Suppose the House in its
judgment in this eafte had ordered him to be
kept in jail or in confinement for one month.
Does the gentleman from Kentucky hold that he
could the next, day after being committed offer
liis resignation, and make it the duty of the
marshal to turn him out of jail?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Whatlhold
is very plain and the gentleman need not mis-
understand it. I hold that no actof Mr. Rous-
seau after judgment is executed, can have any
effect upon that judgment. But prior to it,
suppose a man dies; sentence lias gone against
linn, and the sheriff on a day certain is to exe-
cute it. Now, sir, I appeal toeveryfair-minded
man if this is not a ease against my colleague
to affect him, if judgment is to be pronounced
and executed against him in his representative
character or in any other character. It was
never contemplated for a moment by any man
concerned in this transaction that he was to be
punished as a private individual. I grant,
when you take a man as a private individual
you may punish him as such, but who does not
know that the judgment of this House is pecu-
liarly appropriate for the punishment of its own
members?
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I will in a
moment, but not now. When I was interrupted,
I was proceeding to say that every man must
admit that the judgment of this House was
intended to operate on my former colleague
m his representative character, and he having
resigned that character is gone, and therefore,
that character having departed, it seems to me
that no punishment can be executed now under
the judgment on him in his representative char-
acter.
But I have this to say in addition, that cer-
tainly all the purposes of public justice are an-
swered when the judgment of this House has
been executed to the extent that General Rous-
seau is no longer a member, but has abandoned
his place here by resignation. That is equiva-
lent to the first and strongest resolution reported
by the committee. The committee sought to
expel him. By his own act he is now expelled.
Is there any man who feels a disposition to pur-
sue him further? Does not charity require that
we stop there? We sought to expel the man.
Failing in that, we passed a resolution less
severe than that, and now, by his own act, he
is expelled ; he has forfeited his seat. Ought
not that to satisfy all proper feeling? Can there
be any purpose to go further and torture this
man as an individual when he is no longer a
Representative? Why, surely not.
But, sir, I do not want to detain the House,
as 1 know there are several othergentlemcn who
desire to make some remarks. I want, how-
ever, to say this: that since I hare been on the
floor, it has been suggested to me in regard to
Green Clay Smith having resigned, that he
left here before his nomination was confirmed.
One of my colleagues informs me that Mr. Dil-
lon, the clerk of the Sergeant-at-Arms, informed
him that he intended to hold his seat and draw
his pay until the 1st of August—or not to draw
ni* r,ay, but to hold his place.
I will yield now for five minutes to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblaok.]
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Haiidixg] has already so fully gone
over the ground which I proposed to go over
that I shall have a very few words to say to
the House. I submit to the House that in-
asmuch as the first effort of the House to in-
flict punishment in this case has failed, and
inasmuch as a substitute was adopted, that
the gentleman from Kentucky be reprimanded,
and the gentleman from Kentucky has resigned
his seat, the effeet of the resolution originally
adopted has been attained. The departure
from the House of the member from Ken-
tucky practically operates as an expulsion
from his seat. Now, I submit to gentleman
upon all sides, that if we should attempt to
go beyond that, and to inflict this penalty
upon the late Representative from Kentucky,
he no longer being practically a member of this
this House, it would savor too much of perse-
cution, of a personal infliction of penalty; and
the moral effect that has been accomplished
by the adoption of the resolution in the first
place will be destroyed. I therefore, as the
member from Kentucky [Mr. Harding] has
remarked, submit that in fairness and charity,
and as a matter of good taste, we ought now
to discharge thelate Representativefrom Ken-
tucky from the custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, and allow him to go free without further
mortification. In all conscience we have hu-
miliated him enough when we have adopted
such action as has driven him from his seat.
_ I do therefore think that waiving all ques-
tion of right or power, waiving the question as
to whether his resignation has taken effect or
not, whether technically he is to-day a member
of the House or not, we ought in fairness and
in justice and in courtesy to discharge him,
and not insist upon this reprimand which cer-
tainly was only intended to operate upon him
as a member of this body.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Harding] yield to me for a
few minutes?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I will yield
for five minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. The proposition before
the House is to discharge the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Rousseau] from the custody
of the Sergeant-at-Arms. That proposition
may be based upon two ideas: it may be based
upon the idea that he has resigned his office
as a member here. Upon that proposition I
think we can have no trouble at all; for if it
be true legally that he has resigned his office,
parted with it, surely we ought not to exer-
cise jurisdiction over him, even if we had the
power so to do. Gentlemen say that he can-
not be considered as having resigned until his
resignation has been accepted. Now, I differ,
upon the legal proposition. The matter of'
resignation is similar in many respects to the
question of losing one's residence. It is a
question of intention entirely. A person may
part with his residence, and have a residence
nowhere until it attaches "to some other place.
He may lose his residence in one place by his
own act for a considerable time, during which
it may not attach to any other place. The
question is, has the office of Representative,
a member of this body, parted from the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Rousseau?] He
has resigned his office ; he has written his let-
ter of resignation : he has laid down the office
by his own act. It is no answer that that resig-
nation may not have yet been received and ac-
cepted by the proper party. The office has
gone from him.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Johnson] yield to me for
a moment?
Mr. JOHNSON. I hold the floor by the
courtesy of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Harding.] If he will consent I will
yield.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I have no
objection.
Mr. SPALDING. I will modify my motion
so as to have it read that the resignation of
Lovell H. Rousseau, a member from the fifth
congressional district of the State of Kentucky,
be accepted by this House. „
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the resolution, as now tnodified by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] should be
adopted, the Chair will be compelled, upon the
demand of any member, to proceed to execute
the order of the House. In the Thirty-Fourth
Congress, with only seventeen votes in the neg-
ative, the House of Representatives expelled a
member after he had re'signed, and after his let-
ter of resignation had been read in the House;
and if the gentleman from Ohio modifies his
motion as he has indicated the Chair will feel
required, upon the demand of any member, to
execute the order of the House.
Mr. HARDIN G, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
I now desire 
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a point of order,
and that is that this House has no right to
accept a resignation of one of its members, and
therefore it is not in order to submit such a
motion.
Mr. BANKS. Yes, we have the right to
accept a resignation. As there is a question
about the right of a member to resign his seat
in this body, I think it should be settled delib-
erately. I ask that a paragraph be read from
Cushing's Manual upon the subject of resigna-
tions.
The Clerk read as follows:
"After the meeting of the Assembly" 
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I rise to a
point of order.
The SPEAKER. There is one point of
order already pending.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. The Chair
ruled the other day, when I wanted to have a
statute read which this House was about repeal-
ing, that it was not in order, as being in the
nature of debate.
The SPEAKER. The House was then act-
ing under the operation of the previous ques-
tion ; it is not now so acting.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I under-
stand that a question of order is not debat-
able.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I object to
the reading of this extract as being in the
nature of debate.
The SPEAKER. A member who has raised
a point of order has a right to give his reasons
for making the point.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I object to
the reading of this extract as being in the
nature of debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The Clerk then read as follows:
"After the meeting of the Assembly, and the ac-
ceptance and qualification of the members, any one
may at pleasure resign his office, which will, at all
events, be effectual if acccptcd, unless there is some
express provision of law or otherwise to the contrary.
II a member desires to resign while the Assembly i3
in session, his resignation should be made to the As-
sembly itseif; if afterward, to'the officer, if there is
one. specially provided or appointed by law to re-
ceive it; and if there is no such provision, it would
seem that the right of resignation in such a case can-
not be exercised. A resignation takes effect from the
time when it is accepted, or presumed to be so; or, it
may be, when it is received, or when there is a pre-
sumption that it has been received."
Mr. ROGERS. J desire to ask whether the
extract which has just been read has not rela-
tion exclusively to the Legislatures of the States.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; it is universal par-
liamentary law.
Mr. Speaker, if there be a vacancy by the
resignation of a member of the House, it can-
not be filled until the Governor of the State is
notified by the Speaker that there is such a
vacancy; that is, it cannot he legally filled.
For this there is a precedent in the English
books.
_ Mr. RADFORD. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts fo
the case of Mr. Stebbins, who was a few years
ago a member of this House from the State of
New York. He resigned during a recess of
Congress, and this House had no notice of his
resignation, and no action was taken by it on
the subject.
Mr. BANKS. That is very probably true,
because generally no question'is made. When
a resignation is sent in it is generally accepted
as a matter of course.
Mr. RADFORD. In the case I speak of no
resignation was sent to this HoUse at all. and
