1132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
diction of the Court of Claims; and the report
was agreed to. , ,r.,
Mr, WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of Miss Clara Barton, pray-
- ing for aid to carry out a plan, originated by her,
for obtaining information of soldiers and com-
municating the same to their relatives, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a joint resolution
(S. R. No. ,30) providing for expenses incurred
in searching for missing soldiers of the Army
of the United States, and for the further prose-
cution of* the same. The joint resolution was
read, and passed to a second reading, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of A. ,r, Gray, praying for a pension, reported
a hill (S. No. 180) for" the relief of A. J. Gray;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
170) in relation to the district courts of the Uni-
ted States in the State of California; which was
read twicc by its title, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to bo printed.
NATIONAL CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
llomhed. That the Committee on the Judiciary bo
instructed f o inciui re as I o the cxixMtciicy of Courtis
l'CcommcndiiiK a< fccnoral convention of tho people oi
the United States to consider Amendment* to tlio
Constitution; to report by resolution or otherwise.
I move that the resolution be printed, and I
shall call it up hereafter.
The motion to print ivas agreed to.
SOUTHERN l'ACIKIO RAILROAD.
Mr. BROWN. I move that we now resume
the consideration of Senate bill No. 20.^
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Commit tee of tho Whole, resumed the
consideration of Die bill (S. No. "20) granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Slates of Missouri
and Arkansas to the I'acilie coast, by the
southern route, the pending question being on
tho amendment of Mr. Brown to insert in the
second section after the word "Indians,'1 in
line seventeen, the words "and only by their
consent,."
Mr. BROWN. T mortify 1ho amendment, so
as to say ''and only by their voluntary cession.''
That, is the language ofthe treaties, and 1 pre-
fer to use the same language.
The PliKSlDLNT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator has the right to modify his own amend-
ment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let, the clause be
read as it, will stand if thus amended.
The SrcuitKTAitv. 1 f the clause be amended us
proposed, it will read as follows :
The United States shall rxtinmiish ns rapidly ns
may lie consistent with iuil>Ui< policy una tho woli.ire
of I lie Jiiitl tinlmns, mul only by their voluntary ces-
sion, the Jndinn title to all lands Tallinn itudor tho
operation of this net.
Mr. LANK, of Kansas, t ask the Senator
if (hat includes the right of way.
Mr. DltOWN. Yes, sir; it includes every-
thing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed. and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. _ .
On motion of Mr. BROWN, its title was
amended by striking out the words "by the
southern route."
soldiers' anx> sailors'orphans' home.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution of file
House of Representatives (.J. R- No. 70)
authorizing the Secretary of War to transfer to
the National Home for Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphans, of Washington city, certain stores not
needed for theuse of the Government, to report
it back without amendment; audi ask that the
resolution be'put on its passage now. I pre-
sume there will be no objection.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of ar
to deliver to the lady directors of the National
Home for Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans, of
Washington city, for the use and aid of that
society in its benevolent objects, such blankets,
bedding, and otjherfurniture and articles as may
be proper for their purposes, and as arc now
on hand in the stores of the Surgeon General's
department, and no longer needed for Govern-
ment account; the Secretary to determine, at
his discretion, the specific amount and charac-
ter of the stores thus to be appropriated, and
of which dne account shall be taken.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE I ROM THIS HOl'SB.
A message from tho House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McFiikrkon, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives had signed an enrolled bill (II. R- No.
821) to amend an act entitled "An act to pre-
vent the spread of foreign diseases among iho
cattle ofthe United Slates," approved Decem-
ber 18, J 805 ; and it was thereupon signed by
the President, pro tempore.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOCSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Li.ovi), its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills: in which it requested the
concurrence ofthe Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 80) making additional ap-
propriations, and to supply deficiencies in the
appropriations for sundry civil expenses ofthe
Government for tho fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1H00, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. :U7) for tho lelief of R.
L. B. Clarke; and
A bill (II. K. No. 0-15) for the relief of
Christina Elder.
REPRESENTATION OF SOUTHER* STATES.
Mr. GRIMES. I move thatt.he Senate now
proceed to the special order of the day. ^
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration (it the following res-
olution ofthe House of Representatives:
lfrmhrtl In/ the llnitxr (>i Itrprryrnfatiiw:, U'ne Fonate
foneuniiiK.) That in order to rlo-o agitation upon n
question which xecius likely to disturb tho notion ot
the Uoverninont, sty well as to quiet the uncertainty
which is apfitatinor the nnmU oi the people of ino
eleven Slates whh-h have been dcelnrcd to bo in in-
surrection, no Senator or Reprosentnliveidifill bo ad-
mit tod into eit her biaiu-h nrCon*rre«s fioni any ot said
States until Congress .shall have declined &ueh blato
entitled to such representation.
The pending question being on the amend-
ment, of Air. IIuximmi'Ks to insert the words
/"the inhabitants of after " eleven States."
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, in any re-
marks 1 may make to-day, I shall not attempt
to suggest, any new remedies for the evils which
now afflict the country. 1 shall only try to show
that (ho old are amply sufficient, and that there
is not the least necessity for going outside the
Constitution and laws in order to vindicate (ho
Government. Wo do not need to amend the
one or to remodel the other—and especially we
ought, not to violate the one and disregard the
other in order to attain our ends.
I am glad to say to the country Lhat I only
state in this the views of the President,, lie
has sworn to support and maintain the Consti-
tution and see that the laws arc fully executed,
and ho will stand there, no matter what, comes.
My object now, then, is simply to induce a
return to the great principles of the Govern-
ment, which for a period of three quarters of
a century were undisputed, and which gave to
us a progress and prosperity heretofore unpar-
alleled in the world.
Mr. President, the United States are in them-
selves a body-politic or corporation, created
originally by thirteen States, with certain pow-
ers conferred upon it by a great charter called
" The Constitution of the United States," which
from the year 1787 till the present, with a few
amendments not material here, has continued
to be the law of its existence and the measure
of its power and authority. In and by the terms
of the Constitution it was provided that new
States might be admitted by the. Congress into
the Union, and under this authority;, from time
to time, States have been admitted till the num-
ber amounts to thirff-srs.
The States that originally joined in creating
the Union wore themselves bodies-politic or
corporations, with governing powers granted
to them by their people supreme, except so far
as limited'in their constitutions and the Con-
stitution of the United States. The new States
have also their charters or constitutions, made
bv their people, and, when once admitted, stand
upon the same footing in all rcspects as the
original States.
The Constitution further provides that the
Senate ofthe United States shall be composed
of two Senators from each State, and that, each
House shall be the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members.
Five years ago. upon the election of Mr.
Lincoln to the Presidency, the_secession party
of the cotton States, deeming it a fitting occa-
sion to commence the carrying out of their
schemes, and being in possession of most of
the places of power in those States, they un-
dertook to repeal the ordinances by which they
hud bound themselves in the Union by enact-
ingordinauees of secession. They then expelled
the United States authorities from the posses-
sion of their territories in all of their ports,
except two small torts, Pickens and Sumter.
In the menu time the Congress was in session
and the President was in the .Executive Man-
sion. They had full power to raise and sup-
port armies, to provide and maintain a navy,
and they had full power to call forth the mili-
tia to execute the laws of the Union and sup-
press the insurrection. They did nothing, and
for four months the people of the cotton States
were left at the mercy of the conspirators, with
no protection and no assistance. The Gov-
ernment was paralyzed, and the rebels, without
letorhindcrance, established aconfederate gov-
ernment in fact and in full possession, which
had the power to com pel the obedience of the
people to all its decrees and laws; and this was
done with an iron hand. Tho people on their
part, without organization, without means,
looked in vain to the United States for aid
and deliverence, but none came. They voted,
when they had a chance, in opposition to the
scheme of secession, but their votes were dis-
regarded and the usurpation went on to its
completion.
Tlie 4th day of March, 1861, came, and Mr.
Lincoln was inaugurated. I here was no Con-
gress. The Army was demoralized, the Navy
was distrusted, and the Treasury was empty.
No one knew what to do ; wise men hesitated ;
timid men quailed; and it was doubtful whether
we would at tempt to rescue the people, sup-
press the insurrection, and put tlie Union again
in possession. This suspense lasted till tho
12th of April, 1801, when the rebels, embold-
ened by the apparent weakness of the Govern-
ment, opened their fire upon Fort Sumter to
drive the United States from the possession of
their last foothold m South Carolina. The first
shot settled the question forever ; almost every
man in the North started as if struck by it, and
! rushed to oiler his services to the President.
| War wan imminent, and sides must be taken,
j Mr. Greeley, in his American Conflict, vol-
| time one, page 450, says:
i " Secession, as we have seen, had boon initiated by
| tho aid of the mo&t X'ositive asburanccs that, once
i fairly in progress, every slave State would speedily
i and surely unite in it: yet, up to this tune but seven
! ot the fifteen slave States, having a decided minority
I of tho population, and a still more decided minority,
i of the white inhabitants, of that section, had justi-
: fied th$ sanguine promise. On the contriu*y the ~o-
i callcd 1 border States,'with ^enncssec and Arkansas,
I had voted not to secede, and most of them by over-
