1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
whelming majorities; savethatKentucky, Maryland, !
and Delaware had scarcely deigned to take the mat-
ter into consideration. And, despite vice president
Stephens's glowing rhetoric, ifc was plain that the se-
cedcd States did not and could not suffice to form a
nation. Already the talk in their aristocratic circles
oi' protectorates and imported princes betrayed,.their
own consciousnessof this. Either to attack the Union,
and thus provoke a war, or to sink gradually but
surely out of existence beneath a general apprecia-
tion of weakness, insecurity, and intolerable burdens,
was the only choice left to the plotters and upholders
of secession.
"And, though signally beaten in the recent elec-
tions of the non-seceded slave States, they had yet a
very strong party in most of those States; stronger
in wealth, in social standing, and in political activity
and influence than in numbers. A majority of these
had been able to bring the conventions or Legisla-
tures of their respective States to say, with tolerable
unanimity, 'If the Black Republicans attempt to
coerce the seceded States we will join them in armed
resistance.' It was indispensable, therefore, to their
mutual purposes that there should be 'coercion.'
" So 1 a to as the Hh—a month after the return of their
'commissioners' from the abortive peace conference
—Virginia, through her convention, by the decisive
vote of 89 to 45, refused to pass an ordinance of se-
cession."
In March, Tennessee voted 91,803 Union and
2-1,749 for convention. {Ibid, page 481,). but
afterward the Legislature entered into articles
with the confederacy giving it control of the
military force and public properly—Senate,
yeas 14, nays 0, absent or not voting 5 ; House,
yeas 43, nays 15, absent or not voting 18. This
was the 7th of May, 18(51, and an ordinance of
secession was ratified by the people on the 8th
of June following, under the following circum-
stances, says Mr. Greeley, page 483—and I
read with great pleasure from Mr. Greeley,
because if there is any man in the country who
ought to be authority with the dominant party
in the Senate, I think it is Mr. Greeley;
"The network of lailroads checkering the State,
and especially the great lino connecting Virginia,
through Knoxville and Chattanooga, with the cotton
States, was instantly covered with rebel soldiers, and
all freedom of opinion and expression on the side of
the Union completely crushed out. Governor Harris,
on the 21th of June, issued his proclamation declar-
ing that the vote of the 81I1 had resulted as follows:
Scpai ation. xYo separation.
Ea^t Tennessee 
Middle Tennessee  5S,'265 8,1 lJ8
We^t Tennessee 29,1^7 0,117
Military camps  2,7 il  
Total 101^1:5
47,2oS
"But a convention of the people of East Tennessee
—a region wherein the immense preponderance of
Union sentiments still commanded some degree ot
freedom for Unionists—held at Greenville 011 the 17th,
and wherein thirty-one counties were repiescnted by
delegates, adopted adedaration of grievances wherein
they say: .
" Y\ro. the people of East Tennessee, again assembled
in a convention of our delegates, make the following
dclaration in addition to ihat heretotore promul-
gate i by us at Knoxville on the 30th and 31st days oi
" So far as we can learn, the election held in this
State 011 the 8th day of the present month was free,
with but few exceptions, in 110 part of the State other
than East Tenncvsee. I11 the larger portion of Middle
and We^t Tennocseeno specehe^or discussions in iavor
of the Union were permit ted. CJnion papers were not
allowed to circulate. Measure^ were taken in some
parts of West Tennessee in defiance of the constitu-
tion and li'ws. which allow folded tickets, to^have the
ballots numbered in such manner as to mark and ex-
pose the Union voters.''
Front the same volume, page 485. we may
learn how North Carolina was earned into the
whirlpool of rebellion. Here it is:
" The State of North Carolina, though never delib-
erately and intelligently iiostlle to the I. in on, became
a much euMcr piey to the conspirators. t Ilcr.Demo-
cratic Legislature—reconvened at Raleigh, Novem-
ber^, ISiiU—-had refused, a month later, to pass a bill
to arm the State, though visited and entreated to
that end by TTon. Jacob Thompson, then a member
of Air. Buchanan's Cabinet; and hail adjourned with-
out even calling a convention. Thi?, as we have
seen, did not prevent Governor Elli^ takiug military
possession of the Federal forts near Beaufort and
Wilmington (January 2) on the pretext that, if he
did not doit, a mub would! He proceeded to recon-
vene the Legislature in extra session, and to worry
it into calling a convention for which an election
wao duly held. But the act makingthis call provided
that the neople, when electing delegates, might vote
that the convention should 01 should notmeet. They
profited by the gracious permission, and while elect-
ing a Union convention by an immense majority,
voted—to guard against accidents—that the conven-
tion should not meet; their vote—q into a heavy oo e—
standing, lor holding, 13.<>7J:/i^aini-t holding, 17,323;
majority lor no convention. 'VI. vote tempora-
rily cheeked i111 open, ap'ire^ivc movemcin^ in the
interest of di^unio-:, but did not arrest noi aiimnir-ii
thecHort^of iis champion . On too eontraiy,a grea^t
State-rights convention was assembled at Kaioi^a
on the 22d of March, and largely attended by leading
disunionists from South Carolina, Virginia, und other
States. Its spirit and its demonstrations leftno doubt
of the fixed resolve of the master-spirits to take their
State out of the Union, even in defiance of a major-
ity of her voters. But they concluded to await the
opportunity which South Carolina was preparing.
This opportunity was the taking of Fort Sumter;
when Governor Ellis proceeded to seiae the United
States branch mint at Charlotte and the Federal
arsenal at Fayetteville; and thereupon to call an
extra session of the Legislature. This session com-
menced May 1, and in a few days thereafter resulted
in the parage of the following:
" * Whereas by an unwarranted and unprecedented
usurpation of power by the Administration at Wash-
ington city, the Government of the United States of
America has been subverted; and whereas the honor,
dignity, and welfare of the people of North Carolina
imperatively demand that they should resist, a.t all
hazards, such usurpation: and whereas there is an
actual state of revolution existing in North Carolina,#
and oursistcrStateof Virginia, makingcoinmon cause
with us, is threatened with invasion by the said Ad-
ministration : Now, therefore,
lienolved, That his I^xeellency the Qoyernor be
authorized to tender to Virginia, or to the govern-
ment of the confederate State?, such portions of our
volunteer foi ces now, or that may be hereafter, under
his command as may not bo necessary for the imme-
diate defense of North Carolina.'"
Ilero is his version of the way the Arkansas
ordinance was procured, to be found on page
48G:
"The Arkansas convention assembled about the
1st of March, and on the IGfh was waited on by Wil-
liam S. Oldham, a member of the confederate con-
gress and a commissioner from Jefferson Davis, bear-
ing a message from that potentate dated March 9,
four d.ays after the adjournment of Congress, and
when the contents of Mr. Lincoln's inaugural were
familiar to the entire South. The convention list-
ened to Mr. Davis's letter, wherein he dilated on the
identity of institutions and of interests between his
confederacy and the State of Arkansas urging the
adhesion of thelatiertotheformer; and after taking
two days to deliberate, a majority—i*9 to 35—voted not
to secede fiom the Union. The convention pro-
ceeded, however, to resolve that a vote ofthepeoplc
of their State should be taken on the 1st August en-
suing—the ballots reading, 'seee^ion' or 'cooper-
ation'—the convention to stand adjourned to August
17, when if it should appear that, secession had ic-
ceived a majority thi* should be regarded as an in-
duction from their constituents to pass; the ordinance
which thev had now reiccted; and so having elected
five delegates to a proposed conference of the border
States at Frankfoit, Kentucky, May 27, the conven-
tion slood^tdjourned. Vettlii.sidentical convention
wa< reconvened upon the reception of the news iiotn
Fort Sumter, and proceeded with little hesitation to
pass an oidinanoe of secession by a vote of 69 to 1.
That ordinance asserts that this convention, by re-
solves adopted March 11, had pledged 'the State of
Arkansas to resist to the last extremity any attempt
on the part of sueh power to coerce any Stato that
seceded from the old Union.' Theoidinanceprocecds
to set forth that the Legislature of Arkansas had, on
the 18th October, l&'O, by virtue of authority vested
therein hv the convention which framed the State
constitution, adopted certain propositions made to
that State bv Congress, which piopositions were freely
accented, ratified, and irrevocably confirmed as arti-
cles of compact and union between the State of Ar-
kansas and the United States, which irrevocable com-
pact this convention pioceedcd formally to revoke
and annul and to declare 'repealed, abrogated, and
fully set aside,' by the identical act which withdraws
Arkansas trom the Union and absolves its citizens
from all allegiance to its Government."5
I11 summing up the results of all the indi-
cations of public opinion, it is impossible to
dissent from tlio conclusion of Mr. Greeley's
twenty-sccond chapter, page o-51 :
44 The.-lave States and District which had not united
in the movement, were as follows:
Siotcs. Free population mISGO. Slaves. Total.
Arkansas  321,023 111,101 4)5x427
Selawure   110,120 5,7'J8 11-2,218
idvTAy..  0 <0,223 223,400 1,155.723
Maryland   oW.iMb 0$,,i£>4
Mi" oS"  iu,o.i.-> uia?
North Carolina   (><>l,->8(j 331.081 09^.067
Tennes-ee   854,033 2io,(bl 1,109,M/
Viianiia  192 490.887 J.GW.OTa
District of Columbia  71,895 "'.181 7o.0d>
Total 5,701,900 1,611,478 7,oM,378
"So that, after the conspiracy had had complete
possesion ot the southern mind tor throe months,
"with the .southern members of the Cabinet, nearly
all the Federal officers, most of Governors and other
Ftate functions ries, and seven eighths of the promi-
nent and active politicians, pressing it on, and no
force exerted against nor in any manner threatening
to resist it, a majority of the slave States, with two
third's of the free population of the entire slavohold-
inir region, were openly and positively adverse to it;
either because they regarded the alleged grievances
of the South as exaggerated if not unreal, or because
they believed that, those vnongs would rather be ag-
gravated than cured by di-union.''
Now, to sum up, here is a free population of
over five und a half millions in the insurrec-
tionary States, of which Mr. Greeley asserts
two thirds to have been loyal and true to the
Union in spite of the extraordinary, influences
brought to bear upon them, leaving not ]quite j
two millions represented by secession- . ,Bu£
to understand this in a still clearer light, |t is
necessary to analyze this two millions and take
a look at its elements before we undertake .to
decide upon its loyalty. ' , L "
Arkansas had a white population of S24,32$
in 1860, and she cast a vote of 54,-050, .show-
ing that the adult males over twenty-oiieyeaj^
of age were almost exactly one sixth of the
whole. Who were the other five sixths? "Wo-
men and children. Yes, sir, 270,000 people
in Arkansas, whom nobody would dream of
charging with treason, who could not welleoitt-
mit it under any circumstances, much less in
those which surrounded them. . ' ~
Again, 25,321 adult men voted against, Mr.'
Breckinridge, against 28,732 for him,, an^l I
suppose nobody pretends but that those who
voted for Douglas and Bell were Union men,
whatever, the others might be. Bat who were
the others ? They were 28,000 of the rank and
file of American voters, and I will consider for
the argument's sake that they were as intelli-
gent as any equal number taken from any other
part of the country. How many of them voted
for Breckinridge with intent to destroy the
Union? Noman can say that if that bad been
the issue distinctly pronounced, that 14,000
would have so voted, nor that 7,000 would have
done so, nor indeed that any number would,
have done so, except the actual leaders of the
movement.
So much for Arkansas. Let us look at Ten-
nessee next. Her white population was 884,000,
and her votes in I860 were, Bell 09,274,
Douglas 11,350, and Breckinridge 04,209, or a
few more than one sixth of the whole, and
showing a majority of more than 16,000 votes
for the Union candidates, Bell and Douglas.
She had 700,000 or nearly, of innocent women
and children, and 80,000 loyal voters at least,
and il' we add to these the thousands and tens
of thousands who voted for Breckinridge with-
out for one moment thinking of treason, among
them the present President of the U nited States,
whose loyalty has been tried in the fire, how
many actually guilty conspirators can you point
out in Tennessee? Will any one hazard the
assertion that 10,000 or even 5,000 original
conspirators could bo found there? Let him
hesitate.
Next North Carolina. Her white popula-
tion was 661,580, and her votes in 1860 were,
for Douglas 2,701, Bell 44,990, Breckinridge
48,538, or nearly one for every seven and a half
of her people, and all I have said of Tennessee
may well apply to her. Virginia presents her-
self in the same category with a vote somewhat
larger for her population, and a majority of
more than 18,000 for the Union candidates.
And so I might go on, with every State, county,
and neighborhood throughout the South, and
after sitting the matter to the very bottom, it
would be found that the number of the guilty
contrivers of secession is so small when com-
pared with the masses of the people, or even
the masses of the voters, that it sinks into
insignificance. Nor is this strange. It is
only what the world has always known, and
tb e'postulate upon which it has always acted.
There never can be in any community as highly
civilized as ours any very great number of men
i capable of the crime of treason, and it is well
I it is so, otherwise society would enjoy few m-
! tervals of peaceful repose. War would be the
| rule and not the exception. The people m all
■ ages have been disposed to 3'ield themselves
! to loaders, and to follow them? not always with,
i a blind obedience, but with confidence that
| their trust would not be abused.
I How many responsible leaders were there
! in the seceding States when the United States
^ authorities were ousted from the possession of
their territories? How many guilty men con-
trolled the movement up till the time they had the
people wholly iu their power V Because from that
time forwa i d you will x etpemberthat no mail who
had not taken part before, can be or ought to
