1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2093
which a great increase of bitterness has taken place,
displaying itself in a sort, of social ostracism toward
Union men, northern emigrants, and Army officers.
There is a general desire oil the part of the people to
see the bureau removed. The Governor would like
to see it removed, but while it remains extends to it
cordial cooperation. The city of Mobile appears to
be largely under the dominion of rowdyism, and actu-
ated throughout by a feeling of hostility to the freed-
men. During the past six months four colored
churches have been burned in consequcnco of an
attempt to establish colored schools in them."
Dr. James P. Hambleton, an ex-rebel sur-
geon, thus testifies as to the feeling in Georgia:
"The people there expect payment for their slaves
and for the destruction of property by the war when
the passions of the hour shall have subsided. They
expect that at some future day there will be a sort
of compromise by which the southern States will be
relieved of their shareof the rebel debt as a compen-
sation for their losses. The people hold the same
opinions as to State sovereignty as before the war,
but having accepted the situation cannot, as honor-
able men, again resort to secession."
Talk about the loyalty of the South! Loy-
alty to whom and to what? Loyalty to the
Government and people of the United States
who have made them submit by force to the
Constitution and laws they fought so long and
desperately to destroy? Is it natural that the
hearts of these people could so soon be changed
from one of intense, bitter, deadly hate to that
of devotion and attachment to the Govern-
ment? And if their loyalty is not one of de-
votion and attachment, what kind of loyalty is
it? Do you propose to have two kinds of loy-
alty, one for the North and the other for the
Stmth? If you do, what is to be the nature of
the one and the character of the other? If
northern loyalty is shown by the thousands of
lives that have been lost and the millions of
money that has been spent to preserve the na-
tion, is southern loyalty to be proven by an
utter contempt for the brave heroes who put
down the rebellion, by a shameful iecital of
their high-handed outrages in desolating loyal
States, or by making demigods of their trai-
torous leaders, to whom even now they pro-
pose to erect monuments as enduring evidence
of their new-born love to the Government? Is
this the kind of loyalty you want? "Is this the
kind of men you trust with the destinies of this
nation ? If it is, then, in my judgment, you
need no joint committee to hunt it up. You
will find it broadcast from Virginia to Texas.
If it is not, then you must wait, and wait pa-
tiently, until the people in that region learn
what you mean by loyalty, and set earnestly to
work to obtain it.
Mr. Speaker, I am not an alarmist, but I
cannot close my eyes to what is going on around
me, nor fail to note the ■' signs of the times.''
We have barely emerged from one of the great-
est and most bloody conflicts known to the
annals of history. Millions of treasure has
been spent, hundreds of thousands of lives have
been sacrificed, and whole States have been
desolated by the ravages of war to put down
treason and to maintain and uphold the Con-
stitution and the Union. Sir, if I mistake not,
we are on the eve of a revolution that portends
as momentous consequences to the untold mil-
lions of the future as the conflict through which
we have passed brought upon us.
I cannot close my eyes to the fact that the
very men who brought 011 this war of rebellion,
and who strove through blood and persecution
to overthrow this Republic, are striving to-day
to get back into the places they ignominiously
deserted, and are endeavoring once more to
control the Government they impiously tried
to subvert* I cannot overlook the feet that, in
none of the States where treason was the most,
violent and vindictive, and where traitors were
the most wicked and defiant, has there been a
single State government established, but that
men whose records were the blackest for treason
to the country have been elevated to the high-
est -offices by the people; while 011 the other
hand, men who were true to the country, and
who suffered persecutions and confiscation, and
were at all times the stanch and unwavering
supporters of the Union, are set aside and
laughed at and mocked for their loyalty. I
have yet to see wherein treason lias been looked
upon as a crime, or to find where any traitor
has been made odious. On the contrary, the
tens of thousands of men who with devilish
hate sought the life of the nation are as com-
placent. at the sad wreck they have made, and
as jubilant at the easy penalties they have
incurred, as though they had been doing God's
work, and were receiving a crown of glory for
their valor and devotion to the cause of treason.
After the surrender of Lee to Grant these
men were ready to agree to any terms. They
thought thai treason was a crime, and that
there was a law in existence to punish it as
such. They would have been willing at that
time to concede any condition for future good
behavior and security in order to save their
lives and their property. But wdien the Presi-
dent, from the goodness of his heart it may be,
but certainly with mistaken clemency, gave
them a pardon for past offenses, and they found
themselves far beyond the reach of the law,
they began to think that treason was not so
great an offense after all, that it was only a po-
litical mistake, and not a crime. And to-day,
instead of being humble and penitent, we find
them open, bold, and defiant. They talk now
of their rights in the Union, just as they used
to prate of their " divine institution," and insist
that we have no power to impose any terms
upon them, and that all who do insist on terms
are traitors and disunionists. I am inclined to
think, sir, that, if we were traitors we would
have a better chance of easy times for the future
than by standing forth as the advocates of our
country's right, to be branded by such as they
as revolutionists.
The President, in my judgment, made a
great, a sad, and I fear a fatal mistake in the
indiscriminate manner with which he granted
pardon.
I am satisfied he did it for the best, think-
ing that after these men said they had lost all,
and that the Government, in its great clemency
forgave them all, they would, become penitent
and be moved by the tender cords of love to
the side of the country. But, sir, the Presi-
dent has been mistaken. He has been made
the victim of misplaced confidence, and in-
stead of their becoming penitent, they are as
defiant to-day as they were when Jeff. Davis
ruled at Eichmond as the great high-priest,
of the confederacy. Treason is still as deep
and as damning in their bosoms as the day
the great southern heart was inflamed by the
attack on Sumter. They will strive to make
the President, think otherwise, to induce him
to stand by them, and after he has stood by
them and they have once more got back the
power they lost, they will turn 011 him to sting
him as surely as the viper turned to sting the
farmer after he had wanned life into it.
It. was but the other day that Alexander H.
Stephens, the vice president of the exploded
confederacy, gave his testimony before the
committee on reconstruction, and what does
ho say:
"But the people of that State, (Georgia,) asl have
said, would not willintrly, I think, do more than they
havedouefor restoration. Theonly viewin their opin-
ion that could possiblyjustify thewar which was car-
ried onbythe Federal Go\ eminent, against them was
th c idea oft he indNsolubl ones* of the Union: that those
who held the administration for the time wcrobound
to enforce the execution of thclaws andthemainten-
ance of the integrity of the country under the Con-
stitution ; and since that warwasaccomplished.since
those who had assumed the contrary principle—the
rightoi secession and the reserved sovereignty of the
States—had abandoned th eir cause, and the Adminis-
tration here was successful in maintaining the idea
upon which war was proclaimed and waged, and the
only view in which they supposed it could bejusti-
fied at all: when thnt was accomplished. I say, the
people of Georgia supposed their State was immedi-
ately entitled to all her rights under the Constitu-
tion. That is my opinion of the sentiment of the
people of Georgia, and 1 do not think they would be
willing to do anything further as a condition-prece-
dent to tlleir being pel milted to enjoy the lull meas-
ure of their constitutions! rights. I only give my
opinion of the sentiment of the people at this time.
They expected that as soon as the confederate cause
was abandoned thatimmediatcly theStates would bo
brought back into their practical relations with the
Government as previously constituted.
" That is what they looked to. They expected that
the State would immediately have their representa-
tives in the Senate and in the House, and they ex-
pected in good lath, as loyal men, the term is fre-
quently used—I mean by it loyal to law, order, and
the Constitution—'o support the Government under
the Constitution. That was their feeling. They did
what they did believing it was best for the protec-
tion of constitutional liberty. 'Toward the Constitu-
tion of the United States, as they construed it, the
great mass of our people were as much devoted in
their feelings as any people ever were toward any
cause. This is my opinion. As I remarked before,
they resorted to secession with aview of maintaining
more securely these principles. And when they found
they were not successful in Uieir object, in perfect
good faith, as far as I can juSBe from meeting with
them and conversing with them, looking to the fu-
ture developments of their country in its material
resources, as well as its moral and intellectual prog-
ress, their earnest desire and expectation was to
allow the past struggle, lamentable as it was in its
results, to pass by, and to cooperate with the true
friends of the Constitution, with those of all sections
who earnestly desire the preservation of constitu-
tional liberty and the perpetuation of the Govern-
ment m its purity. They have been a little disap-
pointed in this, and are so now. They are patiently
waiting, however, and believing that, when the pas-
sions of the hour have passed away this delay in res-
toration will ceaso. They think they have done every-
thing tha t was essential and proper, and my .iudgmont
is, that they would not bewilling to do anything fur-
ther as a condition-prceedent. They would simply
remain quiet and passive."
What will the loyal men of this country say
to such reasoning as this? After carrying on
a war of four years to break up the Govern-
ment, and after having been conquered and
compelled to yield to a superior force, we are
coolly told by these reconstructed patriots that
they expected their representatives to be ad-
mitted "as loyal men," and that when they
went into rebellion the people thought it was
best for eonstitut ional liberty, antl that, they will
not agree to any conditions that, the America^
people impose upon them, and says with the
most supreme impudence that the South ought
to refuse all conditions, and in case conditions
are demanded and refused, he says:
"Should such an offer bo made and declined-, and
these States should thus continue to be excluded and
kept out, a singular spcctaele would be presented.
A complete rcveisal of positions would be presented.
In Ml these States thought they could not remain
safely in the Union without new guarantees, and
now, when they agree to resume their former practi-
cal relations in the Union under the Constitution as
it is, the other States turn upon them and say they
cannot permit them to do so, safely to their interest,
without new guarantees on their part. Thesouthern
States would thus present themselves as willing for
immediate union under the Constitution, while it
would bo the northern States opposed to it. The for-
mer disunionists would thereby become Unionists,
and the former Unionists the practical disunionists."
Surely, Mr. Stephens has been taking lessons
from the President, or the President has been
learning from him. He says further on this
subject:
"I think, as the Congress of the United States did
not consent to the withdi.iwal of the seceding States,
it was a continuous right under the Constitution
of the United States, to be exercised so soon as
the seceding States respectively made known their
readiness to resume their former practical rela-
tions with the Federal Government, under the Con-
t.itution of the United States. As the General Gov-
ernment denied the right of seces>ion, I do not
think any of the States attempting to exercise it
thereby lost any of their rights under the Constitu-
tion as States when their people abandoned that
attempt."
Is it any wonder that these red-handed
traitors are such friends of the " President's
policy," when they see and know that "his
policy," and his alone, is to give back to them
all their rights as fully and place them in
possession of the Government as completely
as before they went into rebellion? And if
this "policy" be carried out, what penalty is
there, or can there be, for treason? And what
inducements will be held out for loyalty? On
the contrary, will not a premium be offered
for disloyalty, and treason made respectable ?
The President's policy, in my judgment, haa
done more to make treason respected and trai-
tors heroes than the establishment and inde-
pendence of the confederacy could have done;
because, if the President's policy is fully car-
ried out. it not only places the eleven seceding
or rebellious States in the hands of the rebels,
but by giving them once more a voice in the
Government, the time will not be long before
these same rebels will have the complete con-
trol of the Government in all its departments.
Xo wonder, then, e\ery rebel, fioin Davis to
the merest subaltern in the confederate army,
including bushwhackers, jayhawkets, and guer-
