1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-.
3053
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 15) authorizing docu-
mentary evidence of titles to be furnished to
the owners of certain lands in the city of St.
Louis; and
An act (H. R. No. 28) to amend the postal
laws.
CAPTAIN JAMES STARKEY.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, also reported a bill for
the relief of Captain James Starkey; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill appropriates the sum of $100 to
reimburse James Starkey, late captain of the
St. Paul light infantry, the amount paid by him
to Richard Postel l'or the loss of a horse killed
in a fight with the Indians.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I demand the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SETTLERS OX SIOOX RESERVATION, MINNESOTA.-
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it pass, House joint resolution
No. 120, for the relief of certain settlers on
the Sioux reservation, in the State of Minne-
sota.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that persons %vho settled and made improve-
ments upon lands now included in the Sioux
reservation, and tiled copies of their claims in
the proper local land office before the bounda-
ries of the reservation were definitely surveyed
and located, shall be authorized to enter the
lands thus settled upon as in other cases of
preemption, upon the payment of $1 25 per
acre therefor, under such rules and regulations
as may be provided by the Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. WINDOM called the .previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. WIN DOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MICHIGAN INDIANS.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, also asked leave to report a joint
resolution for the relief of certain Chippewa,
Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians, in the State
of Michigan.
The joint resolution was read. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to pay to the
Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie In-
dians of Michigan, in pursuance of an agree-
ment and compromise made with the Potta-
watomie nation of Indians, so named and
designated in the treaty of 1846, the sum of
$39,000 in full of all claims, past, present,
and future, in favor Of said Michigan Indians,
either against the United States or the said
nation of Indians, arising out of any treaty
made with them, or any band or confederation
thereof; and the annuity now paid to them
shall be restored and paid to said Indians for
the future; this sum of ยง39,000 to be appro-
priated out of the funds of said Indians held
m trust for them by the United States, and to
be paid by the proper agent of the Govern-
ment direct to heads of families, adults, aud
guardians of minors as now required by law in
I reference to annuities.
Mr. SPALDING. I raise the point of order
that this is not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. It is a public bill, and
therefore not in order on this day, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
COLONEL II. C. DE AIINA.
Mr. BLAINE, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the
payment of the claim of Colonel H. C. De
Ahna, for military services; which Vas read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the proper dis-
bursing and accounting officers of the Treasury
to pay Henry Cluules De Alma a sum equal
to the pay, allowances, and emoluments of a
colonel of infantry for one your from March
31, 18(12, and that he be considered honorably
mustered out of service.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to bo engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. TAYLOR. Is there any report accom-
panying this joint resolution? If so I would
like to hear it read.
Mr. BLAINE. The matter was favorably
reported upon in the last Congress. The com-
mittee can submit that same report; but it is
a pretty long one. This joint resolution passed
the House during the last Congress, but failed
in the Senate.
Mr. TAYLOR. I do not care to have the
report read if it is a long one ; all I desire is
to know the facts of the case.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 will call on the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfiku>] who was a member
of the Committee on Military Affairs at the last
session, and who drew up the report, and who
is entirely familiar with all the facts of the case.
He can state the facts of the case in much less
time than I can.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have not looked at the
report since I made it at the last Congress.
But I remember very well the substance of the
facts.
This officer was appointed a colonel and
entered the service under General Fremont in
Missouri. He was transferred from one duty
to another, and finally his name was sent on
here for promotion to the rank of brigadier gen-
eral. He was so nominated by the President,
and his name was sent into the Senate for con-
firmation. But about the time the nomination
was to be acted on, a telegram from General
Halleck was sent on here, intimating that there
was something wrong about the man ; indeed
he said in pretty broad terms that he was un-
worthy. lleneethe Senate refused to confirm
his nomination. But for a considerable time
after his rejection by the Senate, he continued
on duty as a colonel. Subsequently', without
any authority of the Secretary of War, but
simply by the action of General Ilalleek, he
was mustered out of service. Thus there was
a long period during which he was actually in
the service doing duty under the orders of the
War Department, but for which he was never
paid. It was in some way managed that, when
the order mustering him out was issued, the
paymaster could not, on account of the infor-
mality of the paper, give him his pay.
I do not know that in the history of our mil-
itary affairs I have ever known a case in which
a person was so badly treated as the evidence
shows this officer was. He was very much
persecuted by some of his superiors in com-
mand. After very careful examination the
Committee on Military Affairs of this House,
at the last Congress, agreed that this officer
ought to be paid for the time during which he
had actually rendered service, with the under-
standing that on the acceptance of such pay-
ment he should be regarded as honorably mus-
tered out, if there was any doubt about the le-
gality of the previous muster-out, and that this
payment should be a full and final settlement
of his claim. I think that the passage of this
bill is the very smallest measure of justice
which this Congress ought to award this offi-
cer. The amount proposed to be allowed him
is one year's pay as a colonel, thus covering
the actual term of service.
I trust that no member of the House will
insist that anybody shall go into the details of
this case, for the facts reveal a course of op-
pression and injustice against a man who ap-
pears to have been guilty of no other crime
than that of being a foreigner. The Commit-
tee on Military Affairs in the last Congress were
unanimous in favor of this measura, with, per-
haps, the exception of one member, and I
believe that the bill is now reported with the
unanimous approval of the committee.
Mr. BLAINE. The facts in this case "were
examined by the Military Committee of the
House at the last session; and that committee
has at tliis session gone over the facts again ;
and the c'ommittee now recommend the same
measure of relief which was recommended by
the committee during the last session. I think
the bill eminently just. I do not wish to de-
tain the House by any further remarks, and
therefore I call the previous question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
from Maine will permit me to inquire whether
the amount proposed to be payed by the bill
now before us is the same as that which the
committee during the last Congress reported
should be.paid.
Mr. BLAINE. The amount is precisely the
same as that recommended to be paid by the
Committee on Military Affairs in the last Con-
gress ; and the bill then reported was passed
in this House by a very large majority.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Does this cover
the time during which this officer actually per-
formed service?
Mr. BLAINE. It does not cover all the
time during which he was actually in commis-
sion ; but it covers all the time during which
he was actually on duty. The bill is a kind
of compromise. It does not give the officer
the full amount which he claims.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Has he been mus-
tered out?
Mr. BLAINE. There is a question with ref-
erence to that; but the bill proposes that he
shall now be honorably mustered out, receiving
the pay of a colonel for one year. I call the
previous question.
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, as no report has
been read in this case, I believe I must raise
the point of order that this bill, involving an
appropriation of money, must go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the LTnion.
Mr. BLAINE. There is no appropriation
in the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that this is an appropriation bill; but if it
were, it is too late now to raise the point after
the bill has been debated.
NATIONAL BUREAU OF EDUCATION AGAIN.
Mr. UPSON. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] consents to yield me the floor
for a moment; and I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (H. R. No. 27<i) to
establish a national Bureau of Education was
negatived. !/
The SPEAKER. The motion will be
entered.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The SPE \ KER. That motion cannot be
made now during the pending of another bill
on which the previous question has been
called.
COLONEL II. C. DIi AIINA AGAIN.
Mr. BLAINE. I insist on my demand for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
