1805.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I object to that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that
this is not a question of privilege.
Mr. SMITH. 1 offered it in conjunction with
the credentials.
The SPEAKER. That, however, did not
make it a question of privilege. Persons claim-
ing.seats here cannot have the privileges of the
floor granted to them as a question of privilege.
It is a question of privilege to present creden-
tials.
Mr. SMITH. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent can-
not he asked during the morning hour on Mon-
day.
assumption os rebel debt, etc.
/ The SPEAKER proceeded with the call of
'states for resolutions, beginning with the State
of Iowa; when
Mr. PRICE submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Whereas policy, propriety, and duty, all require
that the Representatives of a free and loyal constitu-
ency should, at the opening of the first Congress after
the suppression of the rebellion, see that, in tho re-
organization and roadmission of the States recently
in arms against the Government, no possible safe-
guard be left unprovided which will prevent in tho
future a recurrence of the troubles of the past; and
whereas an attempt t,o assume the rebel debt in some
shape, and to repudiate the national debt in some
manner, and also to pay for tho slaves who have been
mado free, are among tho possibilities of the future;
and whereas the most effectual way of preventing
either or all of these would be so to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States as to preclude for all
time to eome any chance of cither of these results:
Therefore,
Be it resolved, That, in the opinion of this House,
tho Constitution of the United States should bo so
amended, and that no State which has recently been
in rebellion against tho General Government ought
to lie entitled to a lepresentation in Congress until
such St ate, by its Legislature or other properly con-
stituted authority, has adopted said amendment.
The SPEAKER. In accordance with the
resolution of the House, this resolution will be
referred to the joint committee on reconstruc-
tion without debate.
indian tllibes.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, introduced a bill
to provide for the consolidation of the Indian
tribes, and to establish civil governments in tho
Indian territories; which was road a first and
second time, and referred to tho Committee on
Indian Affairs.
illinois lands.
Mr. ALLISON introduced joint resolutions
directing the Secretary of the Interior to re-
quire the Slate of Illinois to pay to the United
States the proceeds of certain lands granted to
said State by act, approved September 20,1850,
for railroad purposes, and directing the sale of
certain lands in said State belonging to the
United States; which were read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
poltoamists.
Mr. G-RINNELL introduced a bill to pro-
hibit the payment of money to polygamists in
the employ of the Government of the United
States ; which was read a first and sccond time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
s. l. sanders.
Mr. G-RINNELL also introduced a bill for
the relief of S. L. Sanders; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to tho Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
southern national banks.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, on which he demanded the
previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be instructed to inquire and report to the
House whether any order has been issued or arrange-
ment made, whereby national banks in the southern
States should have preference in the preparation and
delivery of their circulation over national banks in
other States, and report all the facts connected there-
with.
The previous question v,-as seconded, and tho
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pacific railroad.
Mr. HTTBBARD, of Iowa, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, on which he demanded the
previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on tho Pacific Rail-
road be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law, so far as may be necessary on tho
part of Congress, for the appointment of one or more
Government directors in companies organized for the
construction of branches of the Pacific railroad.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; andunderthe operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national currency.
Mr. PRICE introduced a bill te amend sec-
tion sixteen of an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide a national currency," &c.; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency.
naval depot.
Mr. FERRY introduced a bill to establish a
naval yard and depot of arms at Grand Haven,
in the State of Michigan; which was read a first
and second lime, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
freedmen.
Mr. LOAN submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the select committee on freedmon
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of some
immediate legislation securing to tho freedmon and
the colored citizens of tho States recentlyin rebellion
the political and civil rights of other citizens of tho
United States; and have leave to report by bill or
otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. LOAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
survey ot the mississippi river.
Mr. BLOW submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of a survey of
the Mississippi river and its tributaries, with a view
to tho future systematic improvement of the same
as navigable streams; .also to ascertain whether tho
United States Coast Survey cannot expeditiously and
economically make such purvey; and report by bill
or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; andunderthe operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
navy-yard 0?t the mississippi. r
Mr. BLOW also submitted (he following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question-: '
Resolved, That tho Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a navy-yard on the jUissis^ippirivcr, or upon one of
its tributaries,in accordance with the recommendation
of the commission appointed under the joint resolu-
tion of Congress, approved June 30,1864; and report
by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
class rule.
Mr. BAKER introduced the following pre-
amble and resolution, upon which lie demanded
the previous question:
Whereas class rule and aristocratic principles of
government have burdened well nigh all Europe with
enormous public debts and standing armies, which
press as a grievous incubus on tho people, absorbing
their substance, impeding their culture, andimpairing
theii happiness: and whereas tho class rule and aris-
tocrats element of slayeholding which found a place
in oar Republic has proved itself, in like manner,
hurtftil to our people, by degrading labor and pro-
hibiting popular education in a large section of the
country; by striving to rend our Union in fragments;
by causing the blood qf hundreds of thousands of pa-"
triots to flow, and by compelling the people to iiapose
on themselves a debt of European magnitude inde- •
fense of liberty, nationality, and civilization on tjiis.,
continent: Therefore,
Resolved, (as the sense of this House,) That onoe for
all weshould have done with class rule and aristocracy,
as a privileged power before the law in this jjatioiw no
matter where or in what form they may appear; and
that, in restoring the normal relations of the States
lately in rebelli on, it is the high and sacreil duty of the
and to realize and secure the largest attainable liBorty
to the whole people of the Republic, irrespective of
class or race.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BAKER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution,
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Illinois whether this resolution,
includes the codfish aristocracy? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
debate, and is not in order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a question ot
order. I believe this resolution refers to the
reconstruction of the States lately in rebellion,
and therefore must go to the joint committee -
of fifteen.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The resolution adopted by the
House is that all papers which may be offered
relative to the representation of the late so-
called confederate States, or either of them,
shall be referred to that committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a point of or<fer.
It is, that if this resolution includes the codfish
aristocracy, it should not go to the joint com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. [Laughter.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.,). HUMPHREY. I move that the res-
olution be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON moved that the vote last
taken bo reconsidered; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. WENTWOIiTH. The motion to lay
on the table was not understood here. I hope
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw
the motion to lay on the table. My colleague
[Mr. Baker] is a new member, and I hope no
advantage will be taken of that, and that ho
may be allowed a vote by yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is too late to withdraw
the motion.
The motion to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table was not agreed to.
The motion to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was laid on the table was agreed
to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
the motion to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. BAKER. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 35, nays 106, not voting
41; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Boyer, Chanler,
Dawson. Denison, Eldridge, Finck, Gride?-, Hale,
Aaron Haiding, Harris, Ilogan, Johnson, Kerr, Mar-
shall, McCullough, Moorhead, Niblark, Nicholson,
Noell, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter, Rogers,
Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreavcs, Strousc, Tabor,
Thornton, Trimble, Yoorhees, and Whaley—.^o.
NAYS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwcll, Bingham, Blow,
Boutwell. Brandegce, Bromwcll, Broomall, Bandy,
Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkhng,
Cook, Cullom, Darling. Defrees, Delano, Doming,
Dixon, Driggs, Bckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Farcmhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinncll, Abncr 0 Hard-
in" Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Highy, Hill, Holmes,
Samuel Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbarf,"
Dcmas Hnhbard, John H. Hubbard, James R.
Ilubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Julian, Kelley, lielso,
Kuykenaall, Latlin, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan. Loisgyear, Lynch, Marston,
Marvin, McClurg, MeKcc. McRuer, Mercur, MiUer,
Morrill, Moulton, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson,
Perham, Pike, Price, alexander H. rico, jonn it.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenek, Scofield, SheliabM-
ger, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stillwell, ihayer, Irow-
