1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
no action was taken by tke House on the ques-
tion.
Mr. BANKS. The resignation, I presume,
was accepted as a matter of course.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to make a single
suggestion «to the gentleman. In the ease of
the Senators and Representatives who resigned
just before the breaking out of the rebellion it
teas not questioned, I believe, by either House
that they had the right to resign and vacate
their seats in Congress, and that neither House,
nor both Houses together, had any power or
control over the matter.
Mr. BANKS. The resignation of those mem-
bers was accepted because no objection was
made.
Mr. ROGERS. If my recollection is cor-
rect, the question was raised, and it was de-
cided almost unanimously that there was 110
power in either House or in both Houses to
prevent those members from withdrawing.
Mr. CONKLINGr. Yes, "withdrawing;"
but they did not resign.
Mr. BANKS. The case suggested by the
gentleman from New Jersey is one of revolu-
tion. It is not a case applicable to the view I
am now presenting.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether there is any law in this country
to compel a man to hold an office against his
will.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir, there is not.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Has not any member of
this House, then, the right to resign to'the
people who elected him ?
Mr. BANKS. A member of this House can-
not resign without the consent of the House.
Mr. Speaker, I desire to read a passage from
May's Parliamentary Practice, which states
the practice of the English House of Com-
mons as late as 1852:
" In December, 1852, several members accepted
office under the Crown against whose return elec-
tion petitions were pending. After much consider-
ation it was agreed that where a void clcction only
was alleged a new writ should bo issued, but whero
the sent was claimed the writ should be withheld
until after the determination of an election com-
mittee on that claim."
Mr. RAYMOND. I desireto call attention
to a case which occurred in the House some
years ago—ilie ease of Preston S. Brooks. In
that instance a resolution of expulsion was
brought before the House, but failed to receive
the requisite two-thirds vote. After that Mr.
Brooksasked permission to makea personal ex-
planation, which was granted ; and at the close
of his speech he made this announcement:
11 And now, Mr. Speaker, I announce to you and
to this House that I am no longer a member of the
Tilirty-i'ourtli Congress."
No objection was made by any member ; all
proceedings were suspended ; no farther reso-
lution was adopted. How far that case may
be a precedent 1 leave the House to determine.
Mr. BANKS. Permit me to say, Mr. Speaker,
that the case constitutes no precedent what-
ever. The proposition was to expel Mr.
Brooks. The two-thirds vote necessary for
expulsion was not obtained. Mr. Brooks
expressly desired to withdraw from the House
as a member, and no objection was made. His
resignation was tacitly accepted.
Mr. RAYMOND. That appears to me a
precisely parallel case.
Mr. BANKS. Not at all. In this case the
House has resolved that the member shall be
reprimanded, and the order of the House is
yet unexecuted.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will only say a word,
and then surrender the floor to any gentleman
who wants it. A member of this House 
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Is the gen-
tleman from Ohio entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has the floor to state his point of order, but he
cannot go into any elaborate argument.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Is there not
one point of order pending?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts had extracts read for the purpose
of supporting the point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to support the
point of order on this ground: that the resolu-
tion submitted by my colleague [Mr. Spald-
ing] accepting by this House the resignation
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Rous-
seau] is not in order, because this House has
no power to accept his resignation. He holds
his commission or right to membership here,
not from the House, but from the people of
his district. When he came here he brought
credentials from the Governor of his State;
and when he resigns he must resign to the
power that put him here. He must resign
through the Governor who gave him the cre-
dentials by which he was recognized here.
The officer who introduced him to the House,
namely, the Governor of his State, who sent
him here with credentials, is the person to
whom and through whom his resignation goes
back to the people. The Constitution declares
that when vacancies happen in the representa-
tion of any State the executive authority shall
issue writs of election to fill such vacancies.
The Governor of the State is the officer to an-
nounce the vacancy and call an election for
filling that vacancy. It seems to me, therefore,
that the matter is within the power of the
House, according to the precedent cited, where
a member of another Congress was expelled
after he had resigned.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a question of
order. I submit to the House the impropriety
of our discussing the acceptance of a resigna-
tion which is not here. It is not on the Speak-
er's table. There is no resignation tendered
to this House at all. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has informed the House that he has
resigned to the proper party, the Governor of
Kentucky, for notice to the people who sent
him here. He presented a copy to this House,
but he has pot tendereefhis resignation to the
House. He has only informed the House that
he had forwarded his resignation to the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky. Yet we are talking about
the gentleman's resignation when he has not
sent it to us. He has 110 right to send it here.
It is not necessary that he should resign to the
House. We have no custody of the matter
at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
makes the point of order that the House has
no right to accept the resignation of the mem-
ber from Kentucky, and the Chair submits the
question to the House.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Is it in order
to make remarks on the point of order?
The SPEAKER. It is if confined strictly
to the point.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I make the point of order
that the gentleman from Kentucky has already
occupied the floor.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. This point
of order was sprung upon me and I had to
surrender the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to twenty-one minutes on the original proposi-
tion. The Chair understands that he wants to
submit a few words on the pending point of
order.
M*. HARDING, of Kentucky. I do not see
why there should be any anxiety about my say-
ing a few words. 1 am not asking the gentle-
man's courtesy for that privilege.
In regard to the point of order, I understand
the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spaldixg,] the chairman of the commit-
tee, to be that, having resigned, (of which he
was glad,) the House should accept the resig-
nation without proceeding to execute the judg-
ment against the gentleman from Kentucky.
That is the whole of it, and I hope it will be
adopted. The idea that a man is tied up and
cannot resign his seat without the House ac-
cepting the resignation is merely ridiculous,
and does not deserve argument. A man re-
ceives his power and authority from his con-
stituents, and to them and them alone he
resigns. The Governor cannot prevent it.
The only question is whether he has done it.
It is a right that he can avail himself of any
moment, and this Congress has no sort of power
over that right.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the. gentleman allow
me to ask a question?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Well, sir,
I have not "'any generosity" at this moment,
and cannot yield. [Laughter.] I believe, how-
ever, I will be generous and yield. [Laughter.!
Mr. STEVENS. I believe with the |eatle
man,that this House has no power over a ses-
ignation. It is always made to the Governor,
and to him alono, and he accepts it. But I
ask the gentleman whether he has not heard
of a dozen cases where after resignation has
been tendered it was withdrawn. I have known
several in this House.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman concurs with me, as I was sure he must,
that it is little less than absurd to contend that
this Congress has any power or control over a
member's right to resign. Then, the only re-
maining question is, whether he has resigned
or not. The Governor has no power to con-
trol his resignation, and the authority read by
thegentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.baxks]
related to the legislative body of some State.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. It is very
certain that if a precedent can be found where
Congress has assumed to control the right of
a member to resign to his constituents, it is an
absurdity, and does not deserve to be argued,
because no such thing can properly exist, and
I would hold it as an authority long since over-
ruled and exploded.
But I do not understand it that way. The
gentleman having a right to resign, the only
question is, whether he has resigned or not.
Whenever notice is given to his constituents
by any sort of publication that he has resigned,
the seat is vacant. I know you may, by State
legislation, provide that when a member of
Congress resigns he must tender his resigna-
tion to the Governor, the secretary of state, or
some other officer; but in the absence of any
such legislation nothing of that sort can be re-
quired of him. According to the law of Ken-
tucky, there is no power in the Governor any
more than in the constable to control that
right, and the only reason why a letter of res-
ignation is addressed to the Governor is that
that method of making it public is resorted to
in order that the gentleman's constituents may
know it, and thereupon, the resignation hav-
ing been published, the Governor can order a
special election. Now, then, this is as clearly
and fully brought before the House as it is pos-
sible. The letter of resignation has been mailed
to the Governor of Kentucky, and a copy of it
retained and has been read to the House. Now,
in the face of all that, has any one a right to
say or insinuate that my colleague has not re-
signed ? If he should return next week to this
House and say he had not resigned, you would
have power to act upon it. He cannot take
advantage of his own wrong action. His let-
ter has been read to the House, and he has
declared that it has been transmitted to the
Governor; and it is a humiliating and dark
insinuation to throw out against any man under
those circumstances thathe may, notwithstand-
ing all that, return and seek a seat here. But
even if he should seek to do so no injury can
result, because having resigned he has lost the
character of Representative, and the judgment
of the House cannot be executed upon him as
a Representative.
But what I wanted to say more particularly,
after having said this much, is this  
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has con-
cluded his remarks on the point of order. The
Chair has already decided that if this resolu-
tion should be agreed to, as the House of Rep-
resentatives claims jurisdiction even where a
member has resigned, and has, in the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, exp'elled a member after re-
signing, the Chair would be compelled, on the
demand of any member, to execute an order
of the House.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Unless the
House has discharged him from custody.
The SPEAKER. That is not the question
before the House. The gentleman from Ohio
