2094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
rillas, copperheads, and whilom peace men,
are the earnest and devoted admirer's of the
"President's policy-'' It is just the " policy'1
for them, because they plainly see that it is the
only one that they can live by and one which,
through their newspaper press, they profess to
die bv. The President may continue to be
deluded; but I warn the American people
to-day not to look with indifference at what is
going on about thenf^ not to imagine, because
we have put down the war of rebellion, there
is still no danger to the Republic. I say there
is danger; and unless the people of the North,
the East, and the West arise once more in their
might and proclaim to the South, you shall not
be again invested with all the rights of loyal
States until fundamental guarantees are given
for future peace and security, you will see this
Government, in less than ten years, in the
of the United States put there by "policy" in
the interests of slavery shall be stricken out,
and that hereafter the southern States, instead
of having a representation here based on the
negro population, shall be represented accord-
ing to their white population alone or accord-
ing to their voting population.
! have heretofore given my reasons for this
and do not propose to repeat them, but until a
constitutional amendmentof this kind is passed
by Congress and ratified by the States I cannot
vote to admit them to representation.
Desiring that ''treason should bo made odi-
ous," and knowing that it would be unsafe to
again trust political power to such as engaged
in rebellion against the Government; feeling
that I cannot safely trust such men in making
laws forme, I wantaeonstitutional amendment
proclaiming in effect that no person who has
hands of the very men who for the past four m entered or shall hereafter enter into rebellion
" against the United States shall ever be eligi-
ble for President, Vice President, or member
of the Cabinet, or as a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress.
I know you have a law on your statute-book,
commonly called the" test oath,'' thatexclndes
such persons from being Senators or Repre-
sentatives : but once allow the southern States
to participate in legislation, and in conjunc-
tion with the men who serenaded the Presi-
dent on the 2:M of February last, and who pre-
I seuted him with a set of resolutions in which
years have been trying to destroy it
But it is said the Presidenthas the advantage
of Congress, because he has "a policy," and
Congress has none. It is a good thing for this
country and the world that Congress has no
"policy.'' The day of "policy" has. I trust,
passed away, never "to return. It was " policy"
that brought on this rebellion, and that was
near making the rebellion a success.
So long as Congress and the Executive acted
on "policy" in the prosecution of the war.
defeat, after defeat was the result. But so soon
1 policy"' was thrown aside, and principles. !j this test oath is denounced, you will find that it
eternal and unchangeable, were pursued in- is but a "rope of sand," and that it will be
stead, victory after victory perched upon the
banners of the Republic, until at last principle
was made triumphant over policy in the total
and utter overthrow of treason.
It was " policy" that induced the framers of
repealed as unconstitutional. I prefer, there-
fore, to make this a part of the organic law, so
as to place it beyond the reach of any -'policy"
that may hereafter desire to repeal it.
I know it will be hard for the southern
the Constitution to recognize the existence of !| people, who have engaged in this rebellion,
slavery. It was "policy" that made the Mis-
souri compromise of 1820. and that led to its
repeal. It was policy" that made the fugi-
tive slave law of 18-30. and it is "policy'1 that
•would to-day yield to the spirit of slavery, and
give back to it more than it possessed when
four million human beings were held in bondage.
No, sir: I want no policy ; I have done with
it. I want principles—principles that will live
when you and I are dead, and that our children
can live by and bless us for when they come in
possession of the trust reposed in us.
This war has already dccided one principle.
It has decided that hereafter, in this land of
liberty, there shall be no such thing as a slave,
and the American people have made this prin-
ciple a part of the organic law of the land. Mr.
Alexander Stephens, however, does not think
that the American people had the right or the
power to make this a part of the Constitution,
although he says it was one of the results of
the war.
Hear the logic of this ex-vice president of
the confederacy:
"Question. Do you mean to be understood in your
last answer that there is no constitutional power in
the Government, as at present organized, to exact
conditions-precedent to the re>toration of political
power to the eleven States that have been in rebel-
lion '?
"Aniicpr. Yes, sir; that is my opinion.
*' Question. Do you entertain the same opinion in
reference to the amendments to the Constitution abol-
ishing slavery?
"Answer. 1 do. I think the States, however, abol-
ished slavery in <?ood faith as one of the results of the
war. Their ratification of theconstitutionnl amend-
ment followed as a consequence. I do not think there
is any constitutional power on the part of the Govern-
ment to have exacted it as a eondit;on-pref edent to
their restoration under the Constitution, or to the
resumption of their places as members of the Union."
Congress has decided another principle which
it Lad the power to do under the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery, and that is that
all freemen should have the common rights of
humanity—to sue, testify, and hold property ;
thus, for the lirst time in the history of this
Government, making good the averment in the
Declaration of Independence that—
"All men are endowed by their Creator with cer-
tain inalienable ruin-, amon^ which are life, liberty,
and the puj.-uu <-t hat-pine;-?."
i prop,)-c thai ito.i. sine -luvery is no longer
in oxistciii s\ thai the chvt.v in the Constitution
to be taxed to pay off any public debt con-
tracted in subdumg them, and that it will be
desirable, and even a point of honor with
them, to tax her people to pay off the debt
incurred by the rebel States in waging war
against the United States.
In order, therefore, to protect the hundreds
of thousands of men and women who loaned
their hard earnings to the Government to carry
on the war, and who received bonds in return,
on the express condition that tliev should be
promptly and faithfully met, as well as to pro-
tect thousands of poor Union men in the South
who do not want to be taxed to pay off the
rebel debt, I desire a constitutional amend-
;j ment that neither Congress nor any State shall
11 pass any law whereby any part or portion of
ij the debt contracted in putting down rebellion
!; shall ever be repudiated, or whereby any part
!| or portion of the debt, State or confederate,
|| contracted in aid of the rebellion, shall ever be
II paid or assumed.
jj I am aware that all the lately rebellious States
!| have eitherpassed laws or have inserted clauses
in their constitutions, looking to the same result,
I but T am at the same time impressed with the
I conviction that "policy" might lead these men
,j hereafter to repeal their laws or alter their con-
j] stitutions. and I prefer that the American peo-
pie should place a prohibition in the Constitu-
i tion thatwould be so high that ambition would
'] never soar to reach it or cupidity dare to touch
I: it. Besides, since they w-ere so willing to put
this clause in their State constitution, they
j' could not object to aid us in placing it in the
Constitution of the United States.
j[ As our soldiers and sailors should be our
'' peculiarcare—especiallysincethePresidenthas
ij said that he intends to rely upon them ex-
I pr-essly—I think we owe it to the sacrifices they
have made and the sufferings they have en-
!, dured, that there should be a constitutional
]' provision denying to Congress the right to
i, hereafter pass any law by which any pension,
bounty, or gratuity shall be given to any per-
j son who served in the confederate army, or
who went into rebellion against the Govern-
|, ment. I know there is no fear of this or the
, next Congress passing any such law; but if
lj reconstructed traitors ever get into power, and
II the Yallandigham Democracy should he within
reach to aid them, I am disposed to think that
they would refuse to give any pension, bounty,
or pay to our soldiers and sailors, unless you
would agree to give the same to theirs, why
not? They think, in the language of the rebel
ex-vice president, that when they took up arms
to tear down the Government they were aid-
ing "to rescue, preserve, and perpetuate the
principles of the Constitution and inasmuch
as that is just what our soldiers and sailors
thought they had periled so much to save, they
(the rebel soldiers) will claim as much of the
honor and gratitude as our own.
These, Mr. Speaker, are the principles I would
advocate, to bo made a part and portion of our
organic law. With them I think the county'
will be safe; without them you might as well
prepare yourself at once to see this Govern-
ment in the hands of the men who have been
seeking to destroy it.
Congress owes it to the country to pass
upon the propositions that I have named—and
which I do not pretend to claim to be my own—■
and to submit them to the States for ratifica-
tion. Instead of being several, they can bo
embraced in one proposition. So soon as they
are ratified by any or all of the eleven States,
I would admit such of them to representation
as adopt them. Such as do not adopt them
I wotild exclude from representation until
three fourths of the States have ratified them,
so as to make them binding upon all.
In this way, and in this alone, in my judg-
ment. can the honor, the safety, or the perpe-
tuity of the Republic be established.
I know there are some who do not appre-
hend any evil consequences from allowing these
States to be represented now without any con-
ditions and without any changes in our funda-
mental law. I wish I could think with them,
and could place that confidence in the honor
and loyalty of the men who went into rebellion
as would warrant me in trusting them without
any guarantees. But, -sir, I cannot believe
that men who conspired so long and secretly
to bring on the rebellion, who fought so des-
perately and wickedly to make it a success,
who starved and tortured so many thousands
of our brave and heroic defenders in prison-
pens and in dungeons, who have taken so many
oaths, and have violated them, and become
perjurers before God and man, and who since
they have been vanquished and compelled to
cease their strife, are as open and defiant as
they should be modest and humble—I cannot
believe, I say, sir, that such men are safe to be
trusted with the destinies of a great nation and
of an injured and magnanimous people.
I may be mistaken. It is possible, barely
possible, that they are sincere, and that they do
not contemplate in the future to act in any
other way than for the glory and honor and
success of this mighty nation, if I have made
a mistake in not believing them to be thoroughly
loyal, it is one made on the side of my country
and in behalf of her safety. The loyalty of
men who have been engaged for over four years
in breaking up the Government is at least
doubtful. In doubtful cases it is better to give
the benefit of the doubt to the side of the per-
manency of your country than against it. If
these men are at once taken in full fellowship
and granted equal rights and powers without
any guarantees, and it should afterward turn
out that they were not true and sincere in their
loyalty, the consequences will be terrible, and
nothing but the interposition of the all-power-
ful arm of God could stay the anarchy that
would be its legitimate results.
Let us all, then, unite in insisting on such
guarantees as will secure a peace that is lasting
and that will make the Constitution and the
Union as impregnable from treason within as
it is invincible from foes heyond its borders;
and whether our course be indorsed to-day or
not we shall have the consciousness of acting
honestly and with a sole view of perpetuating
our institutions, and unnumbered millions vet
unborn will justify our action and honor us for
standing firmly and unflinchingly by the ark of
our safety.
