10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Vail Horn. Ward,
Elihu B. Washhurne, William B. Washburn, Wolker,
Wentworth, Williams, and James J?. Wilson—lOo.
NOT VOTIXG—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Blaine,
Brooks, Buckland, Culver, Davis, Dawes, Donnelly,
Buraonf, Glossbrennci\ Goodyear, Uriswold, Asaliel
W. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James^Humphrey,
James M. Humphrey, Jenekes, Jones, Kassoii, Ket-
chain, to Blond, Kclndoe. Morris, Myors, Newell,
Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, William H. Randall, Ray-
mond, Sloan, Smith, Taylor, Francis Thomas, John
L. Thomas, Robert T. Van Horn, Wftmer, Stephen
J. Wilson, Windotn, Winfield, Woodbridge, and
Wright—11.
So tlie House refused to lay the resolution
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on
agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. SEAMAN. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the main question was ordered.
No quorum voting on a division,
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Beahan and Mr. Baker.
Mr. CONKLING-. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether, if the vote by which the main
question was ordered is reconsidered, it will
then be in order to move to refer the resolu-
tion to the joint committee of fifteen.
The SPEAKER. It will be.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I hope it will be
reconsidered.
Mr. PARNSWOUTH. If it is not recon-
sidered, will it be in order to adopt the reso-
lution ?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
The tellers took their places, and the House
having divided, the tellers reported—ayes 81,
noes 24.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question, and being
put, the House refused to second the demand.
Mr. CONK-LING moved that the resolution
be referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction, and on that motion demanded tire
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and being put, the
motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
distribution op sukplus amis.
Mr. INGrERSOLL submitted the following
resolution, upon which lie demanded the pre-
vious question:
Jld'ilmd, That. the Committee on the Militia are
hereby instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing, by Uw, for the equitable distribution of
the surplus arms of the United States among the
scvcial States which have never been in rebellion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered : and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
trial of jefferson davis.
Mr. MOULTON submitted the following
resolution, upon which lie demanded the pre-
vious question:
Jlesohyit, That if it is not incompatible with the
public interest, the President be, and is thereby, re-
sX'CCtfully requested to communicatc to this House
why .!Ht< r-<m Dsivis, who is snid to be confined at
iortivs*-- .Monroe, lias not been tried for Ins treason
against the Government, and, if any, what obstacles
aro in the way of a speedy trial of this groat criminal.
Tlie SPEAKER. This resolution being a
call for executive information, requires unani-
mous consent for its consideration on this day.
Mr. ROGERS. I object.
'ihe SPBAKER. The resolution goes over
tinder the rule.
jddomest liens.
Mr. CCLLOM submitted the following reso-
lution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
. I{< «>iW That the Committee on the Judiciary be
i inquire into the expediency of so nmericl-
1112; the Jaw ui Congress in relation to judgment hens
ns that judifiuent m lbc circuit courts of tlio United
btates shall not become liens upon roal citato until
such judgments arc tiled for record in the county
wherein .such real estate may lie.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under tlie operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
repeal of the 1'isiiing bounties.
Mr. AYASHBURNE, of Illinois, in pursu-
ance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
repeal the fishing bounties: which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
custom-house at cairo.
Mr. KUYKENDALL submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of building a
custom-house and post office building in th$ city of
Cairo, in the State of Illinois, with leave to report by
bill or otherwise.
bridge oyer the mississippi.
Mr. HARDING-, of Illinois, in pursuance ot
previous notice, introduced a joint resolution
declaring the railroad bridge and ferry over the
Mississippi river to be a post route and national
highway of commerce; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
RICHARD A. SMITH.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, introduced a bill to authorize the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to make cer-
tain credits to Richard A. Smith ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
suffrage in the states.
Mr. THORNTON1 submitted the following
preamble and resolution, upon which he de-
manded the previous question.:
Whereas, at the first movement toward independ-
ence, tin: Compress of the United States instructed
the several States to institute governments of their
own, and left each State to decidc for itself tho con-
ditions for the enjoyment of the elective franchise;
and whereas during the period of tho Confederacy
there continued to exist a very great diversity in tho
qualifications of electors in the several States; and
whereas the Constitution of the United States recog-
nizes these diversities when it enjoins that in the
choice of members of the House of Representatives,
the electors in each State shall have the qualifica-
tions requisite for the electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature; and whereas, after
the formation of the Constitution, it remained, a? be-
fore, tlie uniform usage of each State to enlarge the
body of its doctors according to its own judgment;
and whereas so fixed was the reservation in the
habits of the people, and £>0 unquestioned has been
tlie interpretation of the Constitution, that during the
civil war the late President never harbored the pur-
pose, certainly never avowed the purpose of disre-
garding it: Therefore,
lle-iolved, That any extension ofthe elecf i vo franchise
to persons in the States, either by act of the Presi-
dentorot Congress, would bean assumption of power
which nothing in tho Constitution of the United
Spates would warrant, and that to avoid every danger
of conflict, the settlement of this question should be
referred to the several States.
Mr. CONKLINCr. I rise to a question ot
order. It is that under the resolution of the
House that resolution belongs to the joint com-
mittee oil reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The resolution winch directed
tlie appointment of the joint committee reads,
All papers that may be offered relative to the
representation of the late so-called confederate
States,11 &c. This lesoluiion refers to the
elective franchise, and not to representation,
Mr. CONKLINCr. If the previous question
is not seconded, will a motion be in order to
refer tho resolution to the joint committee on
reconstruction ?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
is not seconded, the resolution would go over
under the rule, if any member shall rise to
debfito it.
Mr. VASHBITRNE. of Illinois. I move to
lay the resolution on the table. j
Mr. DRiGGS. I desire to debate the reso-
lution. !
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to rise I
to debate the resolution pending a call for the !
previous question. " j
The question was on Hie motion of Mr. wash- ■
lifTtyE. of Illinois, to lay the preamble and res- l|
olution on the table. I
Mr. ANCONA called for tlieyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—jeus 111, nays 4G, not vot-
ing 25 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley Allison, Aines, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Laker, Baldwin, lhuik* Barker,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Ridwell, ftinghara.
Blow,. Boutwcll. Brandcgee, 13room;dl, Auckland,
liundy, Header W.Claikc, Sidney OUuke, Conkling,
Cook, Darling, Dawes, Jiefrecs, Def-ino, Doming,
Dixon, Driggs, Dumont. Kekley, Eggkston, Eliot,
Karnsworth, Garfield, Urinnell, Hale, Aimer C. Har-
ding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, llighy. Holmes,
Hooper, HotdiUi^..WhelW.Hubbard, Remas Hub-
bard, John II. Hubbard, James II. Ilubbell, Hulburd,
James Humphrey, Jenekes, Julian, Kc/iey, Kelso,
Ketcbam, Latiin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Y\'il-
liam Lawrence. Loan, Loiigycnr, Lynch, Mar-don,
Marvin, McCiurg, Mcindoe. McKec, .Mrlluer. IUer-
cur, Miller, Mooihcad, Morrill, Moulton, Myers,
Newell, O'Neill, Paine, Patterson, Pcrham, Pike,
Plants, Price, Raymond, Alexander H. Kiee, John
H. Rice, Iioilins, Sawyer, Sehenck, Scoiield, SheHa-
bargcr, Spalding, h.'torr, Stevens, Thayer, Tiov. bridge,
Upson, Van Aornam, Burt Von i lorn, ltobeitT.'Van
Horn, "Ward, Warner, KUhu Ji. "Washhurne, "William
B. V/ashburn, "Welker, "Wenl woith, "Williams, James
F. Wilson, and Stephen F. V/il-on—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Boyer, Bromwell,
Brooks, Chanlev, Dawson, Denison, Pldridge, Far-
quhar, Finck, Goodyear, Oridcr, Aaron Harding,
Hill, Hogan, Chester D.Hubbard. Edwin N. Hubbell,
Ingersoll, Johnson, Kerr, Kuykendnll, Marshall,
McCulloush, Nihlack, Nicholson, Nocll, Ortli, Bad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Itandall, Bit-
ter, Rogers, Ross. Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Smith, Stillwcll, Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, Whaley, and Wright—-10.
NOT VOTING—Messcrs. Delos R. Ashley, Blaine,
Cobb, Cullom, Culver, Davis, Donnellv, Ferry, Closs-
brenner, Griswold, Harris, James M. Humphiey,
Jones, Kasson, Le Blond, Morris, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Sloan, Frnncis Thomas. John L. Thomas, Voorhees,
Windom, Winfield, and Woodbridge—2o.
So the preamble and resolution were laid on
the table.
mexico.
Mr. ORTH, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following- resolution 5 which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Raolvd, That the President of the United States
bo requested, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, to communicate to Ibis Hou*o any correspond-
ence or other information in possession of {he execu-
tive department in regard to the steps taken at any
time by the so-called Emperor of Mexico, or by any
European Power, to obtain from the Government of
the United States a recognition of the so-called em-
pire of Mexico; also, what action, if any, has been
taken, or what correspondence, if any, ha^ been had
in the premises by the Government of the United
States.
Mr. OPtTII moved to rccon^ider the rote by
which the House agreed to the resolution ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
tho table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
executive coimuxicatioxs.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting accounts of Indian agents;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary
of the T Veasury, transmitting statements of dis-
bursements of the contingent fund in ihe \ari-
ous offices of that Department during the year
ending June 80, 186-3, as required by act of
Congress of August 20, 1842: which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Expenditures
of the Treasury Department, and ordered to bo
printed.
laws 0!? dakota tberitoevt.
The SPEAKER also laid before 1hc House
a copy of the lav/s of Dakota Territory; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
An iirnur/rr;i AT. rur,T,i:<IES.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill to amend tho
fifth section of the act entitled "An act donat-
ing public lands to the several States and Ter-
ritories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture, and the mechanic arts."
approved July 2, so as to extend the
time within wdiieh the provisions of said act
shall bo accepted -and such colleges estab-
lished : which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. KERR also introduced a bill to amend
