1134
TEM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
be responsible except in so far as he suffers in
the war which follows. Were there ten thou-
sand, or were there but five thousand? In
answering this question let every man look to
his own county or district, and let him fix the
number of men in it who ought to be held for
the disorders sure to result for an attempt of
this kind. I think he will find the number he
would ever think of arraigning to be very few.
Where, too, are most of those guilty men of
the South to-day? Is not much the larger num-
ber of them gone; some dead in the course of
nature, Floyd, Yancey, and others; some dead
on the battle-fields, as Jackson, Barksdalo,
and others; some are in exile in foreign lands,
as Mason, Slidell, Price, Wigfall, and others; so
that those who remain are incapable of great
mischief, or only of such mischief as we have
ample means of preventing by recourse to the
common and obvious legal remedies.
If any man asks how it came that the people,
being in favor of the Union, could be over-
come andled away into such a terrible rebellion
as we have just put down without being them-
selves guilty, I will answer him that in this case
their confidence was abused by their leaders ;
they were for a long time induced to believe
that these were their friends, with no motive in
view but the good of the whole country; that
their zeal in their behalf was the result of ex-
cessive patriotism and not heated by an un-
seen fire ; that they were their safest defenders
against the greater strengt.li of the North be-
cause they were loudest in their warnings of
danger from (hat. quarter, and therefore they
bestowed npon them all the olliees and places
in the gift of the strongest and most popular
party in their midst. All usurpers achieve
places of power by great apparent devotion to
the interests of the people, and I suppose the
cruelty of the tyrant has always been pitiless
in the same ratio as his former patriotism was
ardent. His shortest route to the throne is
when ho marches through the most, crowded
thoroughfares hearing aloft the (lag of liberty ;
and the devil is never half so successful and
bloody ill his crusades as when he puts oil the
armor of superior sanctity and walks humbly
under the banner of the cross.
Again, the people are easily misled by terror
or overcome by fear. The wicked and design-
ing combine, contrive, and organize; the vir-
tuousand unambitious jun-suc their avocations:
they first multiply their power indefinitely by
acting iu concert according to a precontracted
plan; the latter, however numerous, are as an
army without leaders and without discipline,
an easy prey to their captors. Here, too, per-
haps, lies the true secret, of the necessity for
f*ovcrrimonl, inasmuch as it is the organized
torce of the people kept, constantly oil foot, for
the purpose of furnishing for them a rallying
point from which to resist and crush other and
inimical combinations against the peace of so-
ciety. Hence nothing so much aids in a revo-
lutionary movement, in a confederacy us that
the insurgents should get hold of the govern-
ments of the States composing it, or some, of
them, because the treason is easy in propor-
tion to the control the traitor can exercise over
the insignia of power among the people. Let
him carry the loyal (lag, and thousands will
follow it. as though iu loyal hands. Let him
sign with the national seal, and thousands will
respond as though the impress was made by a
loyal officer. The Government of England
halted atone time because .lames II had thrown
the great .seal in the Thames! How to get
along without that piece of iron was a puzzle,
but it shows the reverence men everywhere
entertain for the insignia, the emblems, of
power.
Thus in our case, when the secessionists pro-
cured themselves to be made Governors, judges,
and legislators all over the southern States, ac-
cording totfieir several constitutions and law s,
they were in a position to command the obedi-
ence of the southern people whenever thev were
not protected by superior force. Nor will it
be found so easy for the common people to de-
cide between the State and the United States
when they are in conflict as most persons
thoughtlessly suppose. Lawyers may be very
clear; but the people are not all lawyers, and
are not expected to judge correctly of either
titles or jurisdiction ; they usually follow those
who are in possession of the tribunals to which
they are accustomed. Hear Mr. Greeley on
some of the machinery which may be brought
to bear upon them by means of secret socie-
ties, organized with the sole view of overawing
them, and compelling their cooperation in
deeds of violence, and then let Senators say
what they would have done themselves in such
a reign of terror. 1 read from page 350, el seq. :
" Before the opening oflRtTt, a perfcct reign of terror
had been established throughout the Gulf States. A
secret order, known ns "Kmghts of the Golden Circle,'
.01- as 'Knights of tho Columbian Star,' succeeding
that known, six or seven years earlier, as the 'Order
of the Lone Star,' having for its ostensible object the
acquisition of Cuba, Mexico, and Central America,
and the establishment of slavery in the two latter,
but really operating in the interest of disunion, had
spread its network of lodges, grips, passwords, and
alluring mystery all over the South, and had ramifi-
cations even in some of tho cities of the adjoining frco
States. Other clubs, more or less secret, were known
as 'thePrecipitator,' 'Vigilance Committee,' 'Min-
uto Men,' and by kindred designations; but all of
them wero sworn totidelity to 'southern rights,' while
their members were gradually prepared and ripened,
wherever any ripening was needed, tor the task of
treason. Whoever ventured to condemn and repu-
diate secession asthetiueand sovereign remedy tor
southern wrongs, in any neighborhood where sla-
very was dominant, was thenceforth a marked man.
to be stigmati/.ed and hunted down us a ' Lineolmte,'
'submissionist,' or 'abolitionist.' One rcfugeeplanter
fiom southern Alabama, himself a slaveholder, but,
of northern birth, who barely escaped a vio4ent, death
because of an intercepted letter trom a relative in
Connecticut, urging hull to free his slaves and return
to the Noith, us iie iiatl promised, stated that he had
'himself been obliged to join the ' Minute Men ' ot'his
neigllliol hood forsafety, and had thus been compelled
to assist in hanging six in en ol'nort hern birth because
of their Union sentiments, and he personally knew
that not less than one hundred men bail been hung
in his section of tile State and in the adjoining section
of Georgia, during the six weeks which preceded his
escapo in December, 1800."
And at this point I wish Senators to pause be-
fore determining upon the guilt of the people
of any State in circumstances like these. Let,
us see if the fault, was on their side.
Where were they to look for protection against
all this terrible machinery of parties, secret
societies, precipitators, vigilance committees,
and minute-meii, backed as these were by the
Stale officers everywhere? What power had
they established to stand watch and ward over
them at such a time? It was the Federal Gov-
ernment of the United States, having authority
over the armies, the militia, and tho navies of
the United States. It was, loo, the very object
of all these threats, and was openly notified and
cognizant, of all these preparationsagainst.it.
It was bound by the very law of its own exist-
ence to defend itself, and it, was further bound,
nay. it was of the very essence of its Constitu-
tion, to protect, the freedom and liberties of the
people. It was created for I hat purpose, and
was entitled to the allegiance of tho people only
when it performed its trust.
What then, I ask, did it, do?
Mr. President., 1 tremble when I answer, noth-
ing, nothing; but, on the other hand, allowed
itself to be ignominiously stripped of its arse-
nals, forts, and public property of every kind all
over tho disatl'eeted region. Not a gun was
tired, not a sword drawn, to sustain its author-
ity or vindicate its honor. Congress accuses
the President, and the President accuses Con-
gress. for these shameful derelictions of duty.
I leave it. to the future to decide between them :
it is enough that we do now know that there
never was such a great breach of public trust
before. Never before had men intrusted with
the government of a great empire counting
millions upon millions of people loyal and true
to itabdicated Iheirhigh prerogatives so basely;
never before were a people so shamefully
deprived of that protection which was due to
them as the consideration for their allegiance.
And yet. it is this people, thus betrayed by
their leaders, by their State governments, by
the Federal Government, thus elefenseiessin the
very face of civil war, who voted every time
they were free to do so for the old Union and
the old flag with a pertinacity and a resolution
of which every lover of his country and its peo-
ple ought to be proud. Yet it is this same
people who, after being rescued from the grasp
of the conspiracy, are constantly held up to the
country as though tliey had been all traitors,
and guilty of treason against the United States.
And while the Federal Government is now in
undisputed possession of all the national do-
main, from the Potomac to the Eio Grande,
with ample means and opportunity to seize
upon and arrest all original conspirators and
leaders in secession, all Knights of the Lone
Star or Golden Circle, all vigilance commit-
tees, all precipitators and minute-men, with
courts, judges, juries, marshals, &c., and all
the machinery proper for their trial and con-
viction, yet no one has been punished, nor
have I seen or heard of a single one of all the
furious patriots with which this Congress teems,
and who never speak of the South without tell-
ing you it is swarming with traitors, who has
made the slightest effort to enforce the law
against any one of these really guilty persons.
Not one of them has sued out a warrant, not
one has made an arrest, not one of them has
even asked that the law and tho law alone shall
decide; not one. And yet these same persons
spend week after week and month after month
in devising unlawful measures and schemes for
the punishment of the people, not as individ-
uals in courts, where they may he heard in their
own defense, but as States and communities,
in a Congress where they are not represented,
and where all are confounded together, loyal
and disloyal, true men and traitors, innocent
and guilty, tender women and blood-stained
minute-men, little children and grim dema-
gogues, in one great mass, condemned as guilty,
and punished as such with a rigor that Austria
has repented of and Russia abandoned, it is
hoped, forever.
Mr. President, 1 am unable to express in
terms sufficiently strong my condemnation of
our cruelty to this rescued people. When I
think of the way wo abandoned them in the
outset, how we allowed tliem to get into the
toils of tho conspirators, of the terrible war in
which they were involved, of their desolate
homes and devastated fields, I cannot think
there is a human being who would say that they •
ought to suffer further. Whatever guilt may
have been on their souls surely has been atoned
for by what they have suffered iri tho war, and
as the people they are purged, and ought to
stand purged in the forum of the nation.
I say the people are purged; war always
purges the people ; but I want it distinctly un-
derstood, that while I myself utter no cry for
more blood, I will do all that lies in my way to
punish any I think really guilty of treason in
this rebellion. If I find one of this sort under-
takes to Jhrust himself into the councils of the
country or to take the lead in public affairs, I
will not appeal to the House of Representatives
nor to the Senate nor to the President to pre-
vent, him ; I will appeal to that which is higher
still—the law, the expressed will of the Amer-
ican people. I will have him arrested by the
law, arraigned by the law ; I will offer evidence
of his guilt to a jury of his peers, and I will
not assail his State or its people. I will not
involve tho women and children of his neigh-
borhood in his guilt; nay, in my eyes his own
wife and children shall be presumed innocent.
He shall be heard in his defense fully, and con-
fronted with the witnesses against him. He
may show everything which goes to show his
innocence; lie may show that the Federal Gov-
ernment either did not or could not protect him;
that another government was over him which
he durst not disobey. I would have all this
done, soberly, solemnly, and patiently, in a court
of justice, and according to all the forms which
have been adopted by us as befitting the dig-
nity of tho American people, so that all men
should bow their heads reverently in presence
of its majesty. If he was convicted, I would
have him punished and made ignominious.
Treason is agreat, nay, the most heinous of all
crimes, and ought to be punished; but it must
be punished by the law, and not by Congress
