3054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUGAx's INFANTRY TACTICS.
Mr. ROUSSEAU, from the Committeemen
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution
authorizing the purchase of Dugau's work on
infantry tactics; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution provides that, with the
view to a more general dissemination of the
knowledge of infantry tactics among the offi-
cers and soldiers in the service of the United
States, the Secretary of "War be authorized
and empowered to purchase for the use of the
Army ten thousand copies of the work on
infantry instruction prepared by Colonel James
Dugan, and as many additional copies from
time to time as in the opinion of the^Secretary
of War may be necessary; provided that the
price shall not exceed $1 25 per copy.
Mr. LE BLOND. I make the point of order
that this is a public and not a private matter.
The SPEAKER. It is a private matter, it
is to publish copies of a work.
Mr. WILSON, oflowa. I hope the gentle-
man from Kentucky will let us have some
explanation of it.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. The tactics which are
proposed to be published are an improvement
on Casey's tactics. It makes no change, it
is recommended by General Grant, and per-
haps half a dozen other officers of the Army.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was road the
third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOUIS V. BA.UK3C1T.
Mr. SCIIENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back the petition of
Louis V. Baurseh, late second lieutenant of
company 15, nineteenth Pennsylvania cavalry,
and moved that it be laid upon the table, as it
was provided for in the general law; and he
further moved that the petitioner have leave
to withdraw his papers Irom the flies of the
House.
It was ordered accordingly.
national bureau of education again.
Mr. IIA LE. I wish to inquire whether it
is in order to move to reconsider the vote by
which the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Pctmsylvania'[Mr. Randall] was rejected.
The SPEAKER. Not until after the House
has reconsidered the vote by which the bill
was rejected.
Mr. 1TALE. I give notice that I will make
that motion.
captured rebel guns.
Mr. KETCIIAM, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution
relative to certain guns captured in the late
war ; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution provides that the Secre-
tary of War bo authorized, when in his judg-
ment he shall deem it expedient, to deposit at
Washington's former headquarters near New-
burg, New York, three pieces of cannon cap-
tured at Dingle's Mills, South Carolina.
Mr. LE BLOND. I cannot see how that
can be brought in as a private bill.
The SPEAKER. It is a private matter, and
the Chair will have l-ead an extract from the
decision which he made at this session in
reference to a bill relating to the District of
Columbia.
The Clerk read as follows:
"The same volume of May's Parliamentary Prac-
tice state.-; that private bilts 'are for the interest of
an individual, a publio company or corporation, a
parish, a city, a county or other locality.'"
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks this
would be for the interest of a city.
Mr. KETCIIAM. I will state that the three
guns to which reference is made were captured
by the fifty-sixth regiment of New York volun-
teers, raised in the district in which Washing-
ton's headquarters are located. They are now
deposited there by permission of the Secretary
of War. As he is required to placf all cap-
tured guns at arsenals, he cannot permit these
to remain except by the action of Congress.
These are the only captured guns not returned
to the arsenals. These headquarters now be-
long to the State of New York. There are
there many captured guns and other memen-
toes of the revolutionary war, the war of 1312,
and the Mexican war, and it seems to me to
be the proper place at which to deposit these
trophies.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and road a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
n. a. niNGiiAjr.
Mr. SCIIENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back the petition
of II. A. Bingham, paymaster United States
Army, and moved that it be laid upon the
table, as the case was provided for by general
law.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I report back from the
Committee on Military Affairs sundry petitions
of officers of the United States Army, pray-
ing for an increase of pay adequate to meet
their personal necessities. As a general law
has been reported on the subject, I move that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration ot' these petitions, and that they
be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Ji.MIL COHEN.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, reported a bill changing
the name of Emil Cohen; which was read a
first and second time.
'flic bill was then ordered lo bo engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
p. brooks.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
made an adverse report on the memorial of
D. Brooks ; which was laid on the table,
omemts of steamer. sumter.
Mr. LE BLOND, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported
a joint, resolution in behalf of Peter Hayes, and
others ; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution authorizes and directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury,
in the settlement of the accounts of Peter
Hayes, ct al, officers of the United States
steamer Sumter, to ascertain the value of all
the clothing and effects by them respectively
lost at the time of her destruction, and to
allow them: for the same, to an amount not
exceeding 95,000 in the aggregate.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Ohio whether this joint reso-
lution changes the rule in relation to pay-
ments for clothing lost by seamen. There is
a rale, I believe, now established by law in
relation to such losses.
Mr. LB BLONI). The general law does
not apply to this class of cases.
Mr. WILSON, oflowa. Then I would like
to hear some explanation from the gentleman.
Mr. LE BLOND. The report will disclose
all the facts in the case. I demand the pre-
vious question on the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I now ask for the read-
ing of the report.
The report was read. Itsets forth that about
one o'clock a. m. of June 24, 18G.1, the Uni-
ted States steamer Sumter while about eight
miles off Cape Henry, Virginia, was run into
by the propeller (leneral ileigs, and so dam-
aged by the collision that she very soon sank
in over eight fathoms of water. It also sets
forth that'the officers and crew of the Sumter
are entirely blameless as to her loss, and were
watchful and vigilant both before and subse-
quent to the collision. The committee report
further that shortly after the collision a board
of naval officers was instituted to inquire into
the circumstances attending the loss of the said
steamer, and to report their judgment in the
premises.
The committee express their coincidence in
the opinion of this board as exp:essed in the
following words, to wit:
"It is the opinion of thecomt that none of the offi-'
cers or crew of the Sumter a.re to blame for the loss
of that vessel.
"The officers and erew seem to have been vi?ilant,
orderly, and obedient; the 'look-outs' worepropeiiy
stationed, and the proper lights were burning."
The committee report further, that in their
opinion the officers of the Sumter exercised
duo care and caution, both before and after
the collision; that they lost nearly all their
personal effects on board the Sumter, without
fault or negligence on their part; that they are
reqnired by the Navy Department to provide
themselves, at their own expense, with a full-
dress uniform, an undress uniform, and a ser-
vice dress, at an expense of several hundred
dollars. The committee say further that offi-
cers of the Army are paid for horses lost in
battle ; that soldiers are paid a clothing allow-
ance, and sailors receive compensation in case
of the loss of their clothing, without fault on
their pait. In view of the analogy between the
two branches of the service, the committee
report in favor of this allowauce to the officers
of the Sumter.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to ask the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Bi.oxn] if this
is not a departure from the rule which the Gov-
ernment has adopted in similar eases hereto-
fore. I understand that there is a limitation
in all the acts which have heretofore been
passed providing that not more than a certain
sum shall be paid. It seems to me that by
the terms of this joint resolution the pay-
ment to the officers and seamen on board the
Sumter is not limited as such payments have
been heretofore.
Mr. LE BLOND. The gentleman will re-
member that this is a payment for clothing.
There is a law upon the subject authorizing
such payment to the sailors, but it does not
reach the officers of the vessel. This is a pe-
culiar case. There is no law authorizing pay-
ment to these officers for the foss of their cloth-
ing. This joint resolution simplj' proposes to
pay them for that loss, and they have to make
proof to the proper Department before they
can get that pay.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It occurs to me that
a very different rule has been established in
other cases. In regard to the officers of the
gunboat Cincinnati, which was sunk at Yicks-
burg during the seige of that place, my recol-
lection is that the amount allowed to each officer
was limited to fifty dollars.
Mr. LE BLOND. Let me say that there
have been several bills and resolutions passed
making pay for such losses, but none reach-
ing the officers that I know of. Now, offi-
cers are required to have, by the regulations
of the service, a certain amount of clothing.
This joint resolution goes upon the principle
of a bill which has already passed the House
this afternoon. We have passed a bill, since the
morning hour commenced, paying an Army
officer for the loss of his horse without any
neglect on his part. If that bill is correct, and
in rnv judgment it is, I ask if it is not emi-
nently proper that an officer of the Navy, who
