1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TI
an act entitled "An act to restrict the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims, and provide for
the paj'ment of certain demands for qnarter-
masfers' stores and subsistence supplies fur-
nished to the Army of the United States," ap-
proved July 4, 1804; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
reconstruction.
Mr. STILLWELL submitted the following
preamble and resolution; which were referred,
under the rule, to the joint committee on re-
construction :
Whereas the war for the preservation of the Union
and the Constitution is now over, the absurd doctrinc
of secession, and its counterpart insurrection and re-
bellion, have been put down by thestrongarmof the
Government, poaeo and union being the object, and
that having been obtained: Therefore,
^ Resolved, That the people who have been in rebel-
lion against the Government, and who have submit-
ted to the law* of the United States, adopted a re-
publican form ofgovernmcnt, repealedtheordinanoc
of secession,^ passed the constitutional amendment
forever prohibiting slavery, repudiated the rebel wax-
debt, and passed laws protecting the frcedmen in his
liberty, the representatives of that people elected to
Conjri ess having received their certificates of election
from their respective Governors should be received
as members of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, when they
shall take the oath prescribed by Congress, known as
the test oath, without any unnecessary delay.
committee clerk.
Mr. DUHONT submitted the following res-
olution :
Itop.ohifrf,, That the Committee on the Expenditures
of the Interior Depaitment be, and is hereby, author-
ized to employ a clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I must ob-
ject to that. That committee has nover had a
clerk, according to my recollection.
Mr. STEVEN'S, it seems to me that that
committee has no need for a clerk.
The SPEAKER. The resolution giving rise
to debate, it goes over under the rules.
clerks 01? federal courts.
Mr. DUMONT submitted the following res-
olution; -which was read, considered, and agreed
to;
lie-solved, Thnttlic Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing by law that no person shall be appointed a-clerk
of a^di^trict or circuit court of the United States who
i* of kin, or related by blood oi marriage, to the judge
thereof.
Mr. IHJMONT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider he laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enforcement of test oatii.
Mr. HILL submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Resolved, That the act of July 2,1862, prescribing
an oalhfo he taken and subscribed by persons doc! cl
or appointed to office under the (tovcrnment of the
United States, before entering upon the duties of such
othce, is ol bindme;iorco and effect on all departments
of tho public service, and should in no instance be
dispensed with.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were, on a division—ayes GO,
noes CO; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers, andappointedMcssrs. HiLT.andBuooKS.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes ninety-eight, noes not counted.
So tho previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered, which was
on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. F1NCK. I move that the resolution bo
laid on tlie table.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tlie question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 8'2, nays 125, not voting
20 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs'. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Chanlor, Dawson, Donison, Eldridcre, Finck, Grider,
Aaron Harding, Harris, Hogan, Edwin Nr, Hubheii,
Johnson, Kerr, Latham, Marshall, JlcCuIIough, Nib-
lack. Nicholson, Noell, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter,
Rogers, lto«s, Nhankhn, Sitsrcaves, Strouse, 'l'aber,
Thornton, and Trimble—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
JamesM. Ashley, Baiter, Baldwin, Banks,-Barker,
Laxter, Leaman, Benjamin, Bklwcll, Bingham. Blow,
Boutwell.Brandetree.Broinwen.Rmnmnii Rnr.l-in«,i
Hi.sby, llill, Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Ilubbard, Dermis Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James
R. IXubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey, Ingorsoll,
Jenekea, Julian, ICasson, Kelley. Kelso. Ketcham,
Kuykcndall, L&fiin, George Y. Lawrence, Vv'iiiiam
Lawrence,Loan,Longyear,Lynch, Marston,Marvin,
McClurg, Melndoe, MeKee, MeRuer, Mereur. Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Myers, Newell, O'Neill, Orth,
Paine, Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Price,
William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice,
John II. Rice, Rollins, Rousseau, Sawyer. Sohenck,
Scofield, Shellabarger, Smith, Spaldmg, Starr, Ste-
vens, Stillwell, Thayer, John L.Thomas, Trowbridge,
Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn,.Ward, V/arner, Elihu B. Washburno, William
B. Washburn, W elker, W entworth.Whaley,Williams,
James F. Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—125.
jS'OT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Blaine,
Cobb, Culver, Donnelly, Eckley, Glossbrenner, Good-
year, Griswold, Chester I>. Hubbard, James M. Hum-
phrey, Jones, Le Bloncl, Morris, Moulton, Pomeroy,
Radford, Sloan, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Voorhees,
Windom, Winficld, Woodbridgo, and Wright—25.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Tho question then recurred on agreeing to
the resolution, on which tho main question had
been ordered.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HILL moved to reconsider the vote on
agreeing to the resolution; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules he
suspended, and that tho House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on tho state
of the Union on the President's message, so
that tho different subjects embraced in that
document may be distributed among the vari-
ous committees.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
to yield to me, for a moment, that 1 may submit
a resolution from tho special committee on the
reimbursement of the loyal States.
Mr. STEVEXS. I yield to the gentleman.
state contiubltioxs of soldiers.
Mr. ITOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am in-
structed by tho committee on the reimburse-
ment of loyal States, to submit the following
resolution:
Jtcohrd, That the Secretary of War bo, requested
to furnish, for the information of tho House, a state-
ment of the number of men hirnished by each State
since Apiil 1, 3Sol, on the different calls for men for
(bo military servicc. who wcre_required for periods
of three months or more, stating the number fur-
nished by cach State for each period; also the num-
ber of men accredited to each State upon tho, basis
of three years' service as a standard of computation.
The SPEAKER. This being a resolution of
inquiry addressed to one of the Executive De-
partments, unanimous consent is necessary for
its consiileraiion at the present time.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
judicial expenses.
Mr. DAWSON introduced a supplement to
tho act of August 16, 18-56, regulating the fees,
costs, and other judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment in the States, Territories, and District of
Columbia; which was read a first and s cond
time, and referred to the Committee oil the Ju-
diciary.
jiivek and hareou improvement bill.
Mr. ELIOT submitted the following resolu-
tion, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Rrmhccl, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting
to the House a general bill providing appropriations
for necessary improvements and repairs of harbors
upon the sea and lake coast and in navigable rivers.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
message from the sexate.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. PoaXEr, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that, body had passed a concfir¥ent resolu-
tion relative to the death of Abraham Lifieola,
late President of the United States, and a joint
resolution (S. No. 6) authorizing the President
to divert certain funds heretofore appropriated,
and cause the same to be used for immediate
subsistence, clothing, &e,, for destitute Indiahs
and Indian tribes, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House; and also
that that body had passed House bill No 35,
making appropriation for refurnishing and re-
pairing the President's House.
ESTIMATES OF APPIWJPKIATIONS.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That one thousand copiosof the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, with the accompany-
ing documents, and one hundred and fifty of tho esti-
mates of appropriations be printed for the use of the
Treasury Department.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr.^ LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table*
The latter motion was agreed to.
land titles.
Mr. BID~\VELL introduced a bill to quiet tho
title to certain lands ceded by tlie United States
to the States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
abraham lincoln".
Mr. WASIXBUI1NE, of Illinois, moved that
the House take up tlie message from the Senate
relative to the death of the late President.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following:
In Senate op the United States,
Dccenxbcr 18,1865,
Whereas the melancholy event of the violent and
tragic dcath_ of Abraham Lincoln, late President of
the United States, bavins occurred during tho recess
of Congress, and the two l^ousc ssharmg in the general
grief, and desiring to manifest their sensibility upon
the occasion of the public bereavement: Therefore,
Bo it 1-aoIvcJ b'/th^Sc7wf<-\ (thellou«cof .Represent-
atives concurring,) That the two Houses of Congress
will assemble in the Hall of the House of Represent-
atives on Monday, tho 32th day of February next,
that being his anniversary birthday, at tho hour of
twelve meridian; and that in the presence of the
two Houses then a^emblcd, an address upon the life
and character of Abraham fjineoln, late President of
tho United States, be pronounced by Hon. Edwin
.M. Stanton; and that the President of the Senate
pro tempore, and the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives be requested to invite the President of
the United States, the heads ot the several Depart-
ments, the Judges of the Supreme Court, the repre-
sentatives of foreign Governments near tais Govern-
ment, and such otneers of the Army and Navy as
have received the thanks of Congress who may then
be at tho scat of Government, to be present on tho
occasion.
And he it further resolved, That the President of the
United States be requested to transmit a copy of those
resolutions to Mr?. Lincoln, and to assure her of the
profound sympathy of the two Houses of Congress
lor her deep personal affliction, and of their bincere
condolence for tho late national bereavement.
Attest: JOHN \V. FOIINEY,
Secretary.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the resolutions be concurred in.
The resolutions were unanimously concurred
in.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am di-
rected by tlie joint committee on the subjeet, to
report back the following resolution, and to
move that it be laid upon the table:
Ravhe'l, That tlio committee to be appointed under
the resolution pending [or the appointment of a joint
committee of one from cach State to take into con-
sideration "what token of respect and affection it
may he proper for the Congress of the United State
to express concerning the event of the decease ot tho
late President, Abraham Lincoln, "aredireot edtotaka
into consideration tho expediency oi providing for
the completion of the Washington monument, with
a view to the dedication of said monument to the
commemoration of the virtues and patriotism of those
great and good men, George Washington and Abra-
ham Lincoln.
The motion was agreed to.
mrs. mary lincoln.
Mr. WASITBURNE, of Illinois, from the
same committee, reported back House bill No.
1-1, for the relief of Mrs, Mary Lincoln, widow
