1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
made to the Governor of a State or to this
House, can in the slightest degree affect the
question of tho execution of the order of this
House. I do believe that the resignation ought
to be made to the Governor. I do believe that
a resignation is capable of being stoppe'd in
transitu. I do believe that a member, hav-
ing deposited his resignation in the post office,
may afterward take it out if he thinks proper,
though I acquit the gentleman from Kentucky
of any such design; I do not suspect him of
any such purpose. But, if he were to do so,
in what position should we find ourselves
placed ? If we considered that his resigna-
tion as a member had relieved liiin from the
execution of our order, and if be should, after
being thus relieved from the execution of the
order, recall his resignation and reappear here,
it would be a beautiful flanking of the House.
Now, sir, supposing the resignation to have
been made to the Governor of Kentucky; sup-
posing the Governor to have accepted it; sup-
posing the proof of that acceptance to have
come here; supposing a writ of election to
have been issued and another member sent
here: I hold that, in spite of all these circum-
stances, Lovell H. Rousseau would still be
amenable to the execution of the order of this
House.
What is it that the House has do.ne? It ap-
pointed, in the first place, a select committee of
live to investigate an assault upon a member
of this House—■
"And to report the facts, with such resolutions in
reference thereto as, m their j udgment, maybe proper
and necessary for the vindication of the privileges of
the House and the protection of its members; and
that said committee ha-ve power to send for persons
and papers, and to examine witnesses ou oath."
The question is not whether a particular man
is or is not a member of this House. The ques-
tion is whether anybody—member or private
citizen, official, high or low, or no official at
all—has interfered with the freedom of discus-
sion in attacking a member of this House for
words spoken in debate. After a report by
the committee and due consideration of the
question in this House, we have adopted a
resolution—
"That Hon. Lovell H. Kousseau"—
With no description as to what or who he is—
"be summoned to the bar of the House, and be
there publicly reprimanded by the Speaker for the
violation of the rights and privileges of the House,
of which he was guilty in the personal assault com-
mitted by him upon Hon. J. B.,G*£XNNell for words
spoken in debate."
Now, sir, if the resolution had described
General Rousseau as "a member of this
House from the State of Kentucky," that
language would simply have been, as the law-
yers say, descriptio personce. 1 hold that even
if he be now stripped of his official functions,
that fact can have no eifeet whatever upon the
execution of the order which this House has
made in his case. If this were not so, it would
be, as I have already remarked, within the
power of a member to evade the execution of
the order of the House by a resignation, which
he might subsequently recall, and then he
might reappear here.
Let ine illustrate the principle in another
way. Here are three persons—private citi-
zens, persons holding no official character,
whom we have directed to be callcd before
this House. Suppose that one of these per-
sons on being brought up here should plead
as a bar to j-our authority that after the order
of the House directing him to be brought be-
fore it he had been elected a member of Con-
gress. "Your proceeding," says he "was
against me as a citizen. Now I am a mem-
ber of Congress, and I defy you to apply your
order to me, a member of Congress, because
I was a citizen when you made your order."
The argument is as good one way as another.
Take another illustration. Suppose a man
to be indicted for embezzlement of public funds
as an officer of the Government, and when con-
victed and called up for judgment, produces
evidence h? has resigned his commission as
an officer of the Government, will you say he
is not to be punished ? Not at all. He has
been convicted as an officer of the Govern-
ment, it is true; he has been convicted on the
evidence provided for in the statute, and he
can no more rid himself in this case than in
that of the consequences after the rendering of
the verdict against him. He cannot escape the
execution of the judgment after it has been
passed in the case of an officer who has thus
been convicted any more than in the case of a
member of this House. Well, sir, what will
this House do? Suppose you decide your pro-
ceeding has been against Lovell II. Rousseau,
member from Kentucky, although it is not re-
cited in your resolution, does anybody doubt
some one has committed a breach of the priv-
ileges of the House by an attack upon one of
its members for words spoken in debate? It
stands upon your record. Is the House bound,
in the assertion of its dignity, to turn round
and order the rearrest of Lovell II. Rousseau,
citizen of Kentucky? If so, the House puts
itself in the position of enabling a person con-
victed to get rid of the execution of the judg-
ment of the House, and strips itself of all power
to proceed.
Gentlemen talk as if we ought to be satisfied
because enough mortification has been brought
home to the gentleman from Kentucky, enough
of punishment in being made to go from this
House—that we ought to consider our feelings
as sufficiently satisfied. Sir, I have no feeling
in this matter. I say it is purely a question of
right, of law, of the prerogatives of this House,
whether we will permit him to go to the coun-
try or not; that its orders may be affected by
the action of.any one against whom an order
has been made, and which remains to be exe-
cuted. The Speaker cites a case in point, Mr.
Matteson, of New York, finding the decision
likely to be against him—actually against him
—resigned his office, yet the House said it was
not to be thus foiled, and proceeded to expel
him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will allow
the Chair to make a correction. In that ease
the House did not expel tho member, but cen-
sured him.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thought they expelled
him. No matter; they censured him. The
House considered no action of the defendant,
as he may be termed, affected the question of
sustaining its dignity, which it is bound to sus-
tain against officials, against citizens, against
all persons, by whatever description they may
be known, who shall assault members of the
House and thus interfere with its privileges. I
should like to call the previous question, but I
do not know that I should after presenting this
view of the question.
I repeat, whether Lovell H. Rousseau is or
is not a member of this House to me is not a
particle of matter if he be the person in refer-
ence to whom this House has made this order,
the execution of which is now called for. And
it becomes the duty of the House to execute
its order, either to postpone it or to make some
disposition of it regardless of the question what
may be the official character or the non-official
character of the man against whom the order
has been made.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Is not the
gentleman mistaken in stating that this pro-
ceeding was against Lovell H. Rousseau?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; the resolution
passed was in these words:
"Resolved, That Hon. Lovell II. Rousseau be sum-
moned to tho bar of the House and be there publicly
reprimanded," &c.
He is not described there at all as a member
of the House.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I beg the
gentleman's pardon ; the preceding resolution,
the one originally reported by the committee,
did specify bis official character.
Mr. SCHENCK. Suppose an officer of the
Government be indicted for and convicted of
embezzlement, and before judgmentis rendered
in his case, can he then resign? Can he by
resigning escape the judgment of the court?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman allow the whole proceedings in this
case to be heard? -They will show that the
whole proceeding against my colleague was in
his character as a Representative.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 certainly have no objec-
tion to anything being read.
Mr. MOULTON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to have it read as a part of his speech.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I want
merely to say a few words to the House as to
the reasons which induced me to make this
motion. I agree with the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schenck] that the mere fact of
General Rousseau's resigning does not give
him immunity from the punishment which the
House has determined to inflict. It is to be
inflicted upon him as the member from the
filth district of Kentucky, it is true, but the
power still is vested in the House to punish
him as a citizen for the acts which he commit-
ted. This is my position, and the motion
which I propose to make is that further pro-
ceedings be dispensed with in this case. It is
a mere question now of propriety; a question
whether sufficient has not already been in-
flicted upon General Rousseau for the act
which he committed.
Mr. DAWES, I would like to inquire of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania what has
transpired since that judgment was rendered
by the House that should lead the House to
modify its judgment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
clearly comprehend the question of the gen-
tleman.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman proposes by
his amendment that the House dispense with
the execution of its own judgment. I inquire
of him, what has since transpired that would
lead the House to dispense with that judgment?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I merely
gave notice that I intended to offer such a prop-
osition when in order. When offered, if I have
the opportunity, I will explain the reason for
it to the gentleman.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I yield fcr
a moment or two to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Shellabauger.]
Mr. ROGERS. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
make that motion now. The floor is held by
the gentleman- from Kentucky, and he yields
it to tho gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, since
I sought the floor, by requesting the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to yield to me, I do not
know but that my entire motive for seeking
the floor has been taken away by the feet that
the remarks just made by my colleague [Mr.
Sciiexck] present in effect precisely the same
legal propositious I intended to suggest to the
House; and. besides, the proposition I de-
signed to maintain seems now to be conceded
on both sides of the House. What I designed
to maintain was that the right and the duty of
this House to execute its order of reprimand
did not, in any degree, depend upon the ques-
tion which has been so long debated to-day,
whether the gentleman from Kentucky is now
anylongeramemberofthisbody. Mr. Speaker,
that question really has nothing to do with
the question of the power or the right of this
House to execute its order of reprimand. A
very little reflection upon the source and nature
of this power and jurisdiction of the House will
show this clearly. Whence does this House
derive its power to punish this or any other
breach of its privileges? "It is remarkable,"
says Justice Story, 1' that no power is conferred
to punish for any contempts committed agsin^si
either House." (1 Story on Constitution, sec-
tion 845.) Neither, sir, is there any act of
Congress giving us power to inflict^ any pun-
ishment in this case. The jurisdiction in this
case and in all others like it, is wholly a com-
mon -law j urisdiction. The same learned author
(Story) says:
" By the common law the power to punish con-
tempts of this nature belongs incidentally to the
courts of justice and to cach House of Parliament.
