'1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3055
is compelled by the naval regulations to have
certain clothing with them, and loses it with-
out any neglect on his part, should be com-
pensated as well as the man in the Army who
loses his horse, which the regulations require
him to have in the field. The principle in the
two cases is precisely the same ; and I am in
favor of applying the same principle to the
officers of both branches of the service.
I now ask for the question.
The question being upon ordering the joint
resolution to bo engrossed and read a third
time, it was put; and there were—ayes 31,
noes 44; no quorum voting.
And then, on motion of Mr. THAYER, (at
ten minutes after four o'clock p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Tho following: petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees
By Mr. DODGE: The petition of Ilenry Clews it
Co., for tho issue of a new bond in plaeo of a regis-
tered bond lost.  
By Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia: Tho pcti-
tion of Colonel Davicl T. Howes, of Clarksburg, West
Virginia, risking compensation lor tho use of his
property and damages to the same by the United
(States troops. „ ,
By Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY: Tho petition of the
Bank of Attica. New York, for modification of tho
act taxing the bills of Stale banks.
By Mr. KELSO: The memorial of citizens oi Mis-
souri, in favor of Mrs. Mary Phelps.
By Mr. MOOR1IEAD: A petition of citizens of
Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, praying for an
increase of duty upon foreign wools.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: Tho petition of
0. If. Perry, and others, against extending the pat-
ent of S. R. Parkhuist.
Also, tho petition of William Amory, and others,
in aid of tho same.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 9, 18g6.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Bovxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
leave of absence.
Mr. ELIOT. I wish to saythatmy colleague,
Mr. Washburn, has been necessarily absent
from the House during the past week, and has
been paired with Mr. Strotjse, of Pennsylva-
nia, since Tuesday last. I ask leave of absence
for him until Tuesday next.
No objection being made, the leaVe of absence
was granted.
Mr. VAN AERNAM. I ask leave of ab-
sence for my colleague, Mr. Van Horn, lor
one week.
No objection being made, the leave ofabsence
was granted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave of
absence for Mr. Rollins, of New Hampshire,
for two weeks.
No objection being made, the leave ofabsence
was granted.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. It happens, and prob-
ably will happen during the whole of the res-
idue of the session', that frequently during ses-
sions of the House it is necessary for some
member of the Committee on Enrolled Bills
to be absent, either in examining and com-
paring enrolled bills or else in presenting them
to the President for his signature. _ I therefore
ask permission to be absent during the ses-
sions of the House.
The SPEAKER. That is prohibited on Sat-
urdays. It is business which would require a
vole of the House. The gentleman had better
postpone his motion till Monday.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Very well, sir; I will
do so.
congressional pay and mileage.
Tho SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a state-
ment of the amounts paid for salary and mile-
age to the members of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress; whieli was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations and ordered to be printed.
arsenal explosion .
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the commandant of the Washington arsenal,
transmitting a statement of tho distribution of
money to the sufferers by the late explosion in
the said arsenal; which was laid upon the
table and ordered to be printed.
message i'rom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, its Chief Clerk, announced that tho
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 255)
making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifica-
tions and other works of defense for the year
ending June 30, 1807.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, two thirds of the Senate agree-
ing thereto, a joint resolution (II. It. No. 127)
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, with sundry amendments,
in which the concurrence of tho House was
requested.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I desire to give notice
that it is the purpose of the committee on,
reconstruction to call up on next Wednesday,
immediately after the morning hour, the amend-
ments of the Senate to the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 127) proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States.
richard l. law.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 desire to enter a motion
to reconsidcr tho vote by which Senate joint
resolution No. 100, for the restoration of Lieu-
tenant Commander ltichard L. Law, oi the
United Slates Navy, to the active list, from the
reserved list, was yesterday relericd to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
levees of the mississippi river.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial of the board of commis-
sioners in Louisiana in reference to the levees
of the Mississippi river; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
president's annual message.
The House then resumed, as in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the consideration of the President's annual
message.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
indulgence of the House for a short time,
that 1 may have an opportunity to express my
views upon the present management of our
Indian relations, especially in the. Northwest,
where, in my judgment, large sums of money
are being squandered, to meet which extrava-
gant appropriations are called for by tho Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs.
If, in the discussion of this subject, I chancc
to use plain and unmistakable language, my
excuse shall be that the interests of the public
service demand a thorough understanding of
it. If I should happen to expose a system of
official mismanagement and corruption, my
apology will be that I stand here as the chosen
representative of a people whose happiness,
prosperity, and personal safety depend upon
the good faith, fair dealing, and honest admin-
istration of every department of the Govern-
ment having control of our Indian affairs.
It is very seldom that I have troubled the House
with remarks upon any subject, and I believe
never, unless it was when some measure was
before it which interested my own constituents.
I should not ask its indulgence at this time
did I not regard it as a duty which I owe to the
country as well as to the people of Dakota. I
hardly know how I could justify a silence on
my part now, if ever so much disposed to do
so, since I have tho honor to represent here
one of the nine great Territories of the nation,
and the one which I am confident contains a
greater number of square miles and a larger
Indian population than either of the others, and
the interest of which I am bound to protect.
Within the boundaries of Dakota there are
more than thirty thousand savages, three fourths
of whom, during the last four years, have been
waging a murderous war against its unprotected
citizens.
Dakota is fast filling up with an industrious
and intelligent white population who are flock-
ing within its borders from every loyal State
of tho Union, and who are vitally interested
in bringing about and maintaining the most
friendly relations with all of our northwestern
Indian tribes. Our people have an incentive
which urges an enduring establishment of peace-
ful relations with the Indians of that country,
which towers above and overrides every other
consideration—one which neither Congress, the
Commissioner, nor the nation can trifle with.
It is that of peace and safety to themselves,
their wives, and their children; and it would
be well for those who thrive from the margin
of blanket and grow fat from provision and
all other contracts made ins connection with
the Indian service, whether made io Washing-
ton or elsewhere, to remember that they are
trifling with the lives of innocent beings when-
ever tliey engage in these sharp operations.
1 have spent the last five years of my life in
the country inhabited by the Sioux Indians of
Dakota. During that period I endeavored care-
fully to study their wants, their habits of life,
and" the relations which these people actually
sustain to the white population, now so rapidly
filling up, and improving the rich lands of the
extreme Northwest—hoping that information
thus acquired might bo of some service in solv-
ing the difficult problem as to the best method
of disposing of this race in a manner that shall
confer the greatest, good to its people and entail
the least evil upon ourselves.
Nothing is surer than that the Indian race
is passing away before the onward tread of the
white man and the irresistible influence of
civilization, which has borne him from the
shores of the Atlantic and is still bearing him
onward to the remotest recesses of this conti-
nent.
Wherever research is made and it is ascer-
tained that labor can be profitably employed ;
wherever tho white man can find a comfortable
home for himself and family, and securely lay
tho foundation of his cot, however humble it
may be, there he will go, and the Indian must
either willingly or reluctantly surrender his
claim to the soil, and abandon his birthright
to tho hardy pioneers of*ivilizntion.
Gentlemen may reason as they will; they
may eulogize the Indian character and magnify
his wrongs; they may resort to the most plau-
sible and humane theories, shed tears of sym-
pathy over Cooper's finely wrought pictures, and
Longfellow's glowing verse ; they may try to
make the Indian, as we find him, a real perfec-
tion, out of their ideal standard of natural no-
bility ; but it all will not avail to change either
his nature or his destiny. Less than eight years
ago what is now the ceded portion of Dakota
was the home and hunting-ground of the Yank-
ton-Sioux and Ponca Indians. As soon as
the Indian title to the lauds was extinguished,
tho advance guard of civilization crossed the
western boundaries of Iowa and Minnesota in
search of homes in Dakota. There they staked
off their claims, built their cabins, and com-
menced improving their i'urms. Slowly but
surely our population has been increasing, not-
withstanding tho many obstacles which il has
had to surmount. Prom the Big Sioux our
frontier settlements have been extended more
than two hundred miles westward into the
heart of tlie Territory. Instead of being one
vast waste, as then, we now have a rapidly ,
improving country, dotted over with the fruit-
ful fields and happy homes of an enterprising,
hardy, self-sustaiuing, liberty-loving people.
The rude wigwam of the savage has given place
to comfortable habitations of intelligent indus-
try. The buffalo has been startled from Ids
primitive pastures by the Durham and Ayr-
shire ; the mustang has given place to the Mes-
senger and Morgan ; the deer and the antelope
to flcecy flocks; while the miserable Indian,
with his inferior surroundings, has deserted his
former hunting-grounds and is fast passing
away before the steady advance of the white
