1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
•withstanding ? All these are nuts for the com-
mittee to crack.
Again, can tliey inquire into the duress of
the people in forming these constitutions? If
so, who alleges it? Who imposed it? And
who can remedy it. if not the people? And
if the people, who now hinders the people from
.doing so? Cannot we make them free now to
£;har$;Aheir ownwayas they ought to have under
our system?
K-jv-Mr. President, all these labors of the com-
' mittee seem so ludicrous and extravagant that
it is hardly possible to treat them with becom-
ing gravity, especially as we have seen that the
results are still less than the throes which give
them birth. We want information as to the
condition of certain States, and we are treated
to an amendment to the Constitution and a
legal opinion—bad law at that. Is the pro-
posed amendment germane to the commit tee ;
is it within the scope of its authority ; or is it
a mere ebullition of the Constitution-making
rage which seems to darken the visages of all
members of Congress nowadays? L propose
to trespass upon the Senate a dissection of it,
and I hope they will witness tho operation
patiently. What I have to do with it may as
well be done now.
What docs this amendment, mean ?
Mr, President, tlio amendment means this:
that the several States of the Union may have
full and entire control over the political slutus
of all their people, except the negro, without
incurring any penalty whatever j but if they do
not choose to intrust him willi the ftauchise of
an elector then they are to bo deprived of all
representation for him in Congress*. In other
words, we care nothing about any one else ;
our sole business in this respect is to protect
the negro.
" Race and color" is your touch-stone. Do
anything you will to the poor, to tho foreign-
born, to the unfortunate, to the woman, to the
minor, to anybody but to the man of color, the
man of a dill'erenl. race from ourselves, to him
you must be generous, even to the sharing of
dominion with him.
Let lis see, if we can, how race and color at
this time demand such essential consideration
over and above all other disabilities: because,
as 1 have said before, no other is taken into
account. The States may debar for want of
money, learning, residence, height, weight, or
any other measure they may see lit, to adopt,
but they must not touch race and color. They
may refuse the right to a man wlm cannot read,
and you Jiave no rebuke for this, you have no
penally to impose. Why not, I would ask? If
the States are competent 1(5 protect the un-
learned soldier who cannot read the Constitu-
tion, why are they not good enough to be guard-
ians of tho negroes who can? You commit
tho one in all confidence to their tender mer-
cies, and yet the other von must hedge round
with a constitutional amendment because of
race and color. What did you say to this un-
lettered soldier when your armies were to be
recruited and your drsltquotas filled'/ Did you
examine into his literary qualifications then,
or tell him it was necessary then to have a cer-
tain amount of constitutional learning, or did
you say it was enough for him if he could give
and receive the countcisigu? Do not vour pay-
rolls show you took his mark as a valid signa-
ture, as valid as the stroke of his saber and the
thrust of his bayonet.
Ami yet you leave him to the mercy of the
States. Why do you do this? How do you
intend to apologize to the men who fought your
battles? How do yon expect to conciliate the
Army by thus abandoning the unlettered soldier
at a point where he may be disfranchised even
by Massachusetts ?
Again, the Slates are competent to deal ith
the tpiestiou of the age at which the voter is
qualified. They may iix it at eighteen or thirty,
or at any other age, without penalty. They can
do the same with regard to residence. Xhev ca n
require the voter to reside in one spot ten days
or ten years before voting, and yet you do not
restrain them.
You leave, too, at tho mercy of the States
the poor man; they have the right to disfran-
chise him to any extent. Is he not, too, a man-
and a brother ? And upon what principle can
you punish his poverty as a disqualification?
It may be the result of unavoidable misfortune,
the result of the visitation of God, or the public
enemy. It may be from defective organization,
or may have been from the very excess of his
virtues. Yet no one has ever suggested an
amendment of the Constitution to protect him
against the State in which he lives. It is not
a question of race and color.
You talk of taxation without representation,
and you apply it not to the whole community,
but to certain classes of the community. 1 f so,
how do you exclude the thousands of women
all over the country who are pursued by your
tax-gatherers with as much vigor as if they were
all members of Congress? Yet they are at the
will of the States disfranchised now, and most
likely will continue to be so. Did it not strike
the committee of fifteen that something might
be done for this meritorious class of our tax-
payers? Is it composed wholly of single men,
widowed or celibate? It involves no question
of race or color.
Why should the foreigner who seeks our
shores to aid us in establishing a glorious lie-
public, where the people shall alone bear rule,
run the risk of having to stand back at the bid-
ding of a State, deprived of his franchise ? How
could he help the cause of his exclusion ? it
is very clear that lie could not come to this
country before he was born ; and if that event
happened in foreign parts, 1 do not sec, sir, how
he could avoid it or postpone it until he could
be ushered in with the Declaration of Inde-
pendence in his pocket, and be swaddled in the
starry folds of the national (lag. lie coined as
soon as he can, and surely stands on as fair
footing as those who did not come at all, or had
to be brought.
But, Mr. President, I have another objection
to this amendment, which is fatal, 1 think, it
will be observed that the committee who have
reported this bill were appointed by Congress
in order to inquire into the condition of ibe
States in which these negroes reside, it being
alleged here that their people were so traitor-
ous. diabolical, and malignant toward the Fed-
eral (iovernmeut and the negroes that they ought
not to be allowed the privilege of representation
in Congress along with their taxation, and the
committee was to report thereon. Now, after
weeks of inquiry, 1 infer the committee thinks
that allegation true, because surely, it* it did
not. it would not keep elc\ on sovereign States,
dopiived of that (ir^tand dearest of all rights,
sianditig outside the legislative Hallswhere the
laws are made winch are to govern them. 1 say,
then, they must Inn e found or believed the peo-
ple of those States were very bad people, or
they would not have kept them out.
Veil, sir, this august coniiuilt.ee, which, as 1
said some days ago, carries on its girdle the
keys of the Union, and upon whose terrible
liat the rights of sovereign Stales depend; this
committee proposes in this amendment, to sell
out four million tradical count) negroes to the
bail people of those States forever and ever. In
consideration of'what ? I am asked. Oh. shame!
where is thy blush? I answer, in dust and
| ashes, for about sixteen mi mbcrs of Congress.
; lias there over be< n before, sir, in tlu1 history
j of this or any other country, such a stupendous
sale of negroes as thatNever, never! It is
saying to the southern States, you may have
these millions of human beings whom we love
so dearly, and about whom we have said so
much, and for whom we have done so much ;
you may do with them as you please in the
way of legislative discrimination against them,
if you will only agree not to count them at the
next census, except as your sheep and oxen
are counted ; waive your right to sixteen mem-
j bers of Congress, and the great compromise is
I sealed; tho long agony is over; the nation's
I dead are nyenged: thenafion'stears are dried;
and the nation's politics are relieved of the
negro.
Again, this proposition presenting an alter-
native to the States. We have a right to sup-
pose its authors intend to be satisfied, no mat-
ter which horn of the dilemma is taken; if
the States enfranchise the negro they are sat-
isfied ; if, on the other hand, they waive their
right to the sixteen members of Congress, they ,
are satisfied ; and if this latter should turn out *
to be a swap of negroes in exchange for in-
creased political power, then they are satisfied.
Call you that backing of your friends? No
wonder many of the friends of humanity
threaten to starve ere they will rob a foot
further in such company. I admire their
spirit, and will strengthen their firmness if it
needs it.
Tho conclusion then is inevitable that the
committee arc perfectly willing that the States
shall have unlimited rights over all people ex-
cept the negro, the man distinguished by race
and color, and as to him they can also have
these rights if they will yield their present right
to sixteen members of Congress. And I might
ask, does any man doubt what the States ought
to do, nay, what they will do in the event this
amendment becomes a part of the Constitu-
tion? Will they on any account, much less on
account of a member of Congress or two in each
State, agree to share political power with tho
negro? Will they consent to make him the
custodian of the institutions of their lathers,
himself the helpless, degraded ward of the
Frecdrnen's Bureau? Will they open the door
to his admission to a seat in their magisterial
chairs, their legislative assemblies, or to wear
the ermine in the courts of justice? Will they
consent to enlarge the field wherein passion
sowrs and demagogues reap, wherein the tribal
antipathiesof the races will be the terrible levers
to be used by the tribal demagogues on both
sides? Can they possibly accept this insidi-
ous invitation to antagonize their people in that
most dangerous strife of all—the strife of pol-
itics, where the Inst of ambition and the love
of money engender together a brood of de-
mons delighting in conflagration, massacre, and
war? To suppose it, sir, is to suppose the
country gone mad, ready tp rush on to its own
destruction. No midnight witches in the inter-
est of revolution ever threw into their fearful
caldron such a quantity of black ingredients as
is here contemplated, and none could form such
a charm of powerful trouble. No one who
knows the strife of races can think of the con-
sequences without a shudder.
Mr. President, I have shown, I think, be-
yond the possibility of dispute, that this amend-
ment cares nothing really for tho interests,
rights, and liberties of white people, and really
very little for black people, but that the great
purpose disclosed by it is to punish the States
in which negroes reside by diminishing their
rights of representation, and in the same ratio
increasing the political power of the States
having no black population. In other words,
it is a scheme to transfer political power in Con-
gress from one section of the Union and give
it to another section. Here, sir, we have reason
to congratulate ourselves that the framers of
the amendment were not as sagacious as they
were bold, not as wise as they were cnteipris-
ing. Their wink is palpably defective, even
to effectuate their own purposes, and their
machinery is so clumsy of contrivance as to
render it useless.
As I have said before, their object is to de-
prive certain Slates of a part of their political
power or else compel them to allow negroes to
vote; and to achieve this, they provide, "that
whenever the elective franchise shall be denied
or abridged in any State on account of race or
color, all persons therein of such race or color
shall be excluded from the basis of representa-
tion." Now, I submit there are many ways
of denying or abridging the right in question
besides putting it on the ground of race and
color, which are not in themselves reasons for
the denial or abridgment in any case, but. are
mere words of description by which a class of
people are excluded. Now, if that class can
be described by any other equally precise and
