72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
of the late President of the United States, with
an amfendment.
The bill provides that there shall be appro-
priated  dollars for the relief of Mrs. Mary
Lincoln, the widow of the late Presidentof the
United States, in full for his salary, and in con-
sideration of the circumstances under which he
eame to his death.
The amendment of the committee was as
follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert:
That the Secretary of the Treasury pay out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to Mrs. Mary Lincoln, widow of the late Abraham
Lincoln, late Presidentof the United States, or in the
event of her death before payment, then to the legal
representatives of the sakl Abraham Lincoln, the sum
of $25,000: Provided always. That any sum of money
which shall have been paid to the present represent-
atives of the said Abraham Lincoln since his death
en account of his salary as President, shall be deducted
from the said sum of $25,000.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only de-
sire to state that the amendment follows pre-
cisely the precedent in the case of Mrs. Harri-
son. I will ask the previous question if no
gentleman desires the floor.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I desire to offer an
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The facts of this case
are so well known to every member of the
House, that it is unnecessary for me to argue the
motion which I shall present to the House.
The people of these United States elected Mr.
Lincoln for four years. An assassin—the last
of the great rebellion—prevented him from re-
ceiving those four years' salary. The members
of this House are as well prepared to vote upon
my amendment now as they would be after I
had made a speech, for I am wholly inadequate
to do justice to the subject. I therefore move
that there be substituted for the sum of $2-3,000
the amount which the people of the United
States voted to the late President—$100,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now re-
new the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and un-
der the operation thereof the amendment to the
amendment was rejected, and the amendment
to the bill was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the vote by which the bill was passed be recon-
sidered ; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVEN'S obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to allow me to make a
report.
Mr. STEVENS. I will if there is no objec-
tion.
No objection was made.
EQUAL S17JTRAOJG IX DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Ml'. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to report back from the Commit tee on
the Judiciary a bill extending the right of suf-
frage in the District of Columbia.
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I move to
suspend the rules. I will say it is not my inten-
tion to put tliis bill upon its passage now, but,
in pursuance of the instructions of the commit-
tee to me, to ask that it be set down for con-
sideration at some future day.
The bill, which was read for information,
provides that from all laws and parts of laws
prescribing the qualification of electors for any
office in the District of Columbia, the word
"white" shall be stricken out,; also, that from
and after the passage of the bill no person shall
be disqualified from voting at any election held
in the District of Columbia on account of color;
also, that all acts of Congress, and all laws ot
the State of "Maryland in force in the District J
of Columbia, and all ordinances of the cities ot |
Washington and Georgetown inconsistent with I
the provisions of the bill, shall be repealed and
annulled.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Iowa what time he proposes to
set down for the consideration of this bill ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I propose, in pur-
suance of the instructions of the committee to
me, to ask the House to set this bill down as a
special order for Wednesday, the 10th of Jan-
uary.
Mr. JOHNSON. G entlemen on this side of
the House would like to know what opportunity
will be afforded for debate at that time.'
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. So far as I am con-
cerned I will allow liberal opportunity for de-
bate on both sides of the House. I have no
disposition to stifle discussion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know thatl shall
ask the privilege of debate for myself, but 1
have no doubt gentlemen on this side of the
House will ask a reasonable time for discussion.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. So far as I am
concerned I shall not object to that.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
committee reporting the bill?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to suspend
the rules.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, thereupon reported
the bill, and it was read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
bill be made the special order for Wednesday,
the 10th of January, after the morning hour,
and from day to day until disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote last taken ; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 ask that the bill
be printed.
No objection being made, the bill was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I must now insist on my
motion.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreedto.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wasithi'bxk, of Illinois, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the
PT!ESTI)K\T'S aatxital "UTSS\G"R.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following reso-
lutions, which I send up, to distribute the Pres-
ident's message.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
lieiolved, That so much of the annual message of
the Piesidcnt of the United States to the two [louses
of Congiess at the present session, together with the
accompanying documents, as relates to the finanecs,
to the receipts into the Treasury and the public ex-
penditures, to the revision of the revenue, to the pub-
lic debt, and the ways and means of supporting and
meeting all the public liabilities of the Uovernment,
be refeired to the Committee of Ways and Means.
/iVso/jvr/, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to carrying on thesev-
eral Departments ot the (iovcrnment, to the neces-
sary appropriations therefor, to deficiencies in the
appropriations, and to mail transportation by ocean
steamers, be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
te ins.
Hesolved, That so much of said message andaccom-
panying documents as relates to banks and banlun^,
and currency, be referred to the Committee on llank-
i n'• and Currency.
lieiolved. That so much of said message and accom-
panying document^ as relates to commcrec be reierrcd
to the Committee on Commence.
AVWiw/, That so much of said message and aeenm-
panyingdocmnents as relates to the public domain be
referred to tho Committee on Public Lands.
Resolved, That so muehofsaid message and accom-
panyingdocumentsasrelates to thcPost Office Depart-
ment be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Koads.
Zi'/'v-,/);/'./, That so much of said message and accom -
panying documents as relates to the rcestablishment
ot the courts m districts where their authority has
been interrupted, and to all judicial proceedings, be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Itemized, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public expend-
itures be referred to the Committee on Public Expend-
itures.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents ao relates to agriculture, and to
the Department of Agriculture, be referred to the
Committee on Agriculture.
Resolved, That so much of said mes-ageand accom-
panying documents as relates to the management of
Indian affairs be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Army of the XJ ni-
ted States, to provisions for a peace establishment and
to coast and lake defenses, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Navy of the Uni-
tedStatcsbo referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to. our loreisrn affairs,
together with the accompanying correspondence, be
referred to the Committee on foreign Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Territories of tho
United States bo referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Resolved,, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to pensions and the Pen-
sion Bureau be referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Resolved., Tha,t somuch of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the expenditures in
connection with the State Department be referred to
the Committee on Expenditures in tho Stato Depart-
ment.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as i elates to expenditures in con-
nection with the Treasury Department be reierred to
the Committee on Expenditures in the Treasury De-
partment.
Unsolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents a% relates to expenditures in con-
nection with the War Department be referred to the
Committee on Expenditures in the War Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in con-
nection with the Navy Department be reierred to the
Committee on Expenditures in tho Navy Depart-
ment.
llesolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the expenditures in
connection with tho Post Office Department bo re-
ferred to the Committee on Expenditures in the Post
Office Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying dfteumcntsas relates to the militia be referred
to the Committee on the Militia.
Resolved,, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Pacific railroad
be reierred to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
llesolved, That so much ol said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to loads and canals be
referred to tho Committee on Roads and Canals.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the District of Co-
lumbia be reierred to tho Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. STEVENS. There has been one thing
omitted. I move to amend the resolutions by
adding tho following:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message
and accompanying documents as relates to the sub-
iect of reconstruction be referred to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction.
The question was taken, and the amendment
adopted.
The resolutions as amended were then agreed
to.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. STEVENS. A candid examination of
the power and proper principles of reconstruc-
tion can be offensive to no one, and may possibly
be profitable by cxeiting inquiry. One of the
suggestions of the message which we are now
considering has special reference to this. Per-
haps it is the principle most interesting to the
people at this time. The President assumes,
what no one doubts, that the late rebel States
have lost their constitutional relations to the
Union, and are incapable of representation in
Congress, except by permission of the Govern-
ment. It matters but little, with this admis-
sion, whether you call them States out of the
Union, and now conquered territories, or as-
sert that because the Constitution forbids them
to do what they did do, that they are therefore
only dead as to all national and political action,
and will remain so until the Government shall
breathe into them the breath of life anew and
permit them to occupy their former position.
In other words, that they are not out of the
Union, but are only dead carcasses lying within
the Union. In either case, it is \ery plain that
it requires the action of Congress to enable
them to form a State government and send
representatives to Congress. Nobody, 1 be-
lieve, pretends that with their old constitutions
and liames of government they can be permit-
ted to claim their old rights under the Consti-
tution. They have torn their constitutional
