2096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
one else, has said. I asked the gentleman a ;
practical question ; if it appear upon testimony
which cannot be disputed that nine tenths ot i
the people of Mississippi are disloyal, does the
gentleman expect that those nine tenths will
permit the one tenth to feet up and maintain a
government?
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, if that ques-
tion should be reduced to a practical form— |
if it be true-that in such a case one tenth of j
the community must rule, that one tenth alone :
mast be allowed to vote, that one tenth should |
be regarded as the State, and the remaining i
portion of the people must be entirely ostra- j
eized, must not be considered as entitled to the ;
right of suffrage in the- reorganization: who
is to fix that ? The gentleman no doubt will
say "Congress is to fix it." Very well, ad-
mit it, for the sake of argument. Then why
does not Congress fix it, and let the loyal one
tenth of the people be represented in Congress,
and enjoy all the other rights to which, as
loyal citizens, they are entitled under the
Constitution?
I know that the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham.] whom I regret to
say I do not now see in his seat—a gentle-
man who is justly looked upon as one of the
leaders of this House, a man for whose opin-
ions I have a very high regard, and one whose
lead I have followed during the troubles of the
last three or four years—asserted in the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, in the ease of an applicant
for a seat from the State of Virginia, that the
'twenty-five men who alone had voted for that
applicant, were the district, and that therefore
he was entitled to a seat on this floor : and he
was accorded a seat by a majority of the votes
of the House, the Union men voting for his '
admission. j
Again, sir, the gentleman from Tennessee, j
Mr. Maynard. held a seat on this floor as a :
Representaiive from the State of Tennessee |
during the Thirty-Seventh Congress, after that
State had adopted an ordinance of secession. !
Mr. MeKEE. Will my colleague permit me ;
to ask him one question? I
Mr. SMITH. Yes. sir. j
Mr. MeKEE. In the ease of the election of
that gentleman from Virginia., did any others •
than those twenty-live who voted oiler to vote i
or want to vote ? i
Mr. SMITH. I do not know anything about '
that; and it is not pertinent to the question. '
The rule of law and of practice in such a case ]
is, that it makes no difference whether there ]
were twenty, or twenty thousand men voting, j
No matter how many refuse to vote, those who .
do vote are entitled to representation, and their |
representative is entitled to his seat. ;
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will the j
gentleman from Kentucky yield to me for a I
moment? :
Mr. SMITH. Tes, sir. _ j
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire i
to a-'k the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. i
Boriwo.iJ a question. I would like to know
whether he believes that it is in the power of
nine tenths of the people of a State  j
Mr. lilGBY. I object to thegentleman from
Pennsylvania asking a question of the gentle- :
man from Massachusetts. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken- .
tucky having the right to the floor has a right
to yield 
Sir. HiGBY. I object to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania puttingaquestiou to another '
gentleman who is not upon the floor.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then I 1
will ask the gentleman from Kentucky to put ,
to the genileman from Massachusetts the ques- !
tion which, to avoid circumlocution, I pro- !
po^ed to ask directly myself. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen- ;
tieman from California [Mr. Hiuny] is correct ,
in the point which he raises, as the gentleman :
addressed has not the floor to reply. j
Mr. 11IGHY. I do not want rhe gentleman *
from Pennsylvania .o speak in the time which
I, being enthied to the floor, have yielded to '
the gentleman from Kentucky. I want the I
April 21,
gentleman from Kentucky to go on with his
remarks.
Mr. SMITH. I thought the gentleman had
yielded the floor to me unconditionally. I do
not wish to get into any trouble. I am trying
to be as courteous as I can.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania may address the member upon
the floor for the purpose of explanation, but
ho cannot address other members.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
the gentleman from Kentucky to yield to me to
put a question to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. I do not listen to what the gentle-
man from California says ; I yield to the decis-
ion of the Speaker.
Mr. SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has the right to yield the floor to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania for personal
explanation under the rule which has so often
been read.
Mr. SCOFIELD. For explanation of the
pending measure.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will see that
does not extend to interrogating other members.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Let me
ask the gentleman from Massachusetts how he
believes nine tenths of the disloyal people of
a State could destroy' or impair the rights of
the loyal one tenth. Now, if that loyal one
tenth have to pay taxes have they not certainly
the right o£ representation? Having that right
of representation, when they come here and
present loyal men'and who are capable of tak-
ing the oath I have taken, what reason can he
give for not admitting them to seats upon this
floor ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I should like to answer
the question if the gentleman will permit me.
Mr. SMITH. I will yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts if he will not take up too
much time in answering the question.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I will answer as briefly
as I can.
Mr. SMITH. Do not take too much time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. You can stop me when
you please.
Mr. Speaker, the right of representation,
whether in the Senate or in this House, is a
right which pertains to States us States, and
can be exercised by the people only through
the recognized State organizations. The State
organizations in these eleven States, which once
existed in harmony with the organization of the
national Government, by some event or through
a series of events, have ceased to exist as a
matter of fact, because they are not represented.
That is the evidence they have ceased to exist.
How, why, or when is a matter of no impor-
tance. Before any representation from either
of those States can be exercised you must have
the previous recognition of the right, of the State
to be represented. And in the inquiry as to
the right of a State to be represented we must
look to the whole constituency of a State to
ascertain whether there is such an existing loyal
sentiment as will reasonably lead to the expec-
tation that the representation of that State will
be loyal.
I will answer the question distinctly. There
is no right of one tenth of the people of a State,
even though loyal, to be represented as a State.
It is the right of the people, of the whole people,
when they demonstrate their loyalty to this Gov-
ernment, to be represented as the people of that
State.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. Thegen-
tleman overturns the doctrine of Mr. Lincoln
from the beginning.
Mr. Melv'EE. Allow me to ask a question.
Mr. SMITH. Not now. Mr. Speaker, Mr.
Lincoln used language which I think it proper
to read just heie. I think it was when he was
first inaugurated President of tin; United States,
i did not vote for him then, but fell into the ranks
and followed him afterward during the war. I
think it is good authority to quote iron). 1 want
his original supporters to go back upon him, if
they can, and when the war is over deny the
doctrines of that great man. He said:
"Tho right of cach State to order and control its
own domestic institution-' woordinc; to its own ju-ig-
ment exclusively is essential to the but,inc.' ul" power,
on which the perfection ami enduianeeox our politi-
cal fubrie depends."
Now, there is no statement in that as to tho
number of the people who shall compose a
State. I say, with all deference to this House,
Congress has violated the laws in the admis-
sion to representation to Congress from those
States lately disorganized, but now ready for
admission to representation. If the gentle-
man from Nevada were here in his seat I would
say that that State has not the requisite num-
ber of people to entitle it to representation
upon this floor, yet she has two Senators and
a Representative in Congress. Now, what are
you to do ? If you carry out the rule strictly
you would have prevented that thing. If the
loyal people who have maintained their alle-
giance to the Government in any of these States
still claim it as a State, it is a State.
Now, I submit a question to the gentleman
on the other side. The States have been dis-
organized. Their governments have been some-
what subverted—entirely if you please. Sla-
very has been overthrown, one of the fun-
damental institutions of each State, a consti-
tutional provision of each State, one recog-
nized by the Constitution of the United States
and maintained by all the laws of the Govern-
ment of the United States. There has been
an entire subversion of that institution in
every State of the Union. The Governors who
went into the rebellion have all been turned
out of oilice. How ? By what means ? By
force, by war. By men supplanting the prin-
ciples upon which they stood before the war
and repudiating the action of the Governors
then elected and the Legislatures then in power.
And what do we find to-day? No man on
this floor has ever yet given a different con-
struction nor can do it. There is a State gov-
ernment in every State lately in rebellion, a
Governor, a Legislature, a judiciary, all the
power which belongs to States under the Con-
stitution. And what is it ? It is recognized
as republican in form. It is considered good.
But suppose you do not like it: suppose you
will not admit it as a principle upon which
these States should be organized and received
back into the Government: what are you
going to do, and when are you going to do it?
You say that the President has no power to do
what he did. Why do you not undo it? You
have been here five months. The intellect of
the nation, I presume, is in this Hall and the
other. The representatives of the people are
here from ail the districts except these eleven
States. If what has been done by President
Lincoln and President Johnson is not good,
why in the name of common sense, justice,
right, and constitutional law, do you not undo
it and do something else that is good?
Well, suppose you do undo it, what are you
going to do in its place? You are bound to
have a State government, to have the same
machinery there that exists now. You say that
you want the rebel debt repudiated. It has
been done. You say you want, the constitu-
tional amendment adopted. It has been done.
You say you want loyal men elected to Con-
gress. How do you know that that has not
been done in every instance? Who lias deter-
mined that question? Has the legitimate power
of each House investigated it, decided upon it,
and reported to each House upon it? The
Committee of Elections have done nothing,
reported nothing on the subject. The repre-
sentatives of the various States churning to be
loyal have been asking admission on this floor,
and they have been rejected. Upon what
ground ? Congress says the States lately in
rebellion are not properly organized. Why do
you not organize them ? What are you waiting
for ?
You say you want to see loyalty in the South.
When are you going to get it,? How are you
going to gel it ? Are you going to get it this
year, or next year, or the next, or when ? Have
yon any assurance that, you will have anymore
loyalty two, three, four, or live years hence 4
