3056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
man, for whose inheritance this country seems
to have been especially created. The foot-
prints of the Caucasian are everywhere visible
in the soil of all our western Territories, as well
upon the mountain-tops asin its deepest canons
and broadest plains. The genius of enterprise
and industry has already extended his wand over
the fertile vastness of the great West, and as
if "by more than magic power has infused a new
life into its productive valleys and gold-bear-
ing mountains. The future of that country is
already fixed; the fate of the Indian is sealed
as effectually and as materially as was that of
the Canaanites before the advancing armies of
Israel as they moved forward to possess the
promised land of their inheritance. Unwise
legislation .might perhaps interpose a puny
obstacle, but it can no more permanently stop
the surging, rolling tide of western emigration
in its onward way to the Pacific, than it can
prevent the changes of the seasons or stay the
night of tim c.
The only great question which Congress is
now called upon to meet in connection with
this subjecr, is, not what is to finally become
of the-Indun race? This question has been
determined by a higher power than you pos-
sess, by a more inexorable decree. His ulti-
mate end is already fixed, his doom is sealed
by a power which is superior to your laws arid
above your constitutions. The only question
left for you to determine is, how shall this
Government now discharge its last duty to the
few remaining representatives of the once pow-
erful tribes wliieli formerly possessed the en-
tire extent of all the territory now embraced
within our national boundaries? How shall
this be done for the Indian, the rights and privi-
leges of our own race be preserved, and the
material interests of the country developed.
Without digressing further from the quest,ion
which 1 propose to discuss, I will conclude these
preliminary remarks and call the attention of
Congress to some of the evils attending the
administration of our Indian affairs which de-
mand correction. And first I will notice the
recent treaties which have been sent to the
Senate for confirmation, and give my reasons
for urging that the appropriations asked for by
the Commissioner for carrying into effect, these
pretended negotiations ought not to bo made.
In the first place, tkey are not such treaties
as should engage the attention of Congress a
moment longer than may be necessary to dis-
cover that they aro a delusion and a fraud
which some one is attempting to practice upon
the Government, if uot upon the Indians. All
former treaties made as these were made have
accomplished no good, but on the contrary
have been fruitful with incalculable mischief.
Every adult male Indian claims tho right to be
present and participate in the council of his
tribe- He is a joint owner with every other
Indian of his band in tho country which they
occupy, and especially is the right claimed by
him and conceded by all tho rest that he is to
participate in their councils of war, as well as in
the treaties by which pcaee is secured, or their
common hunting-grounds are ceded to other
tribes or to the Government of the United
States.
Now, let us look for a moment at the man-
ner in which these pretended treaties were
made in the fall of 1805 with tho Sioux Indians
of the upper Missouri. I think it is due to
Congress and the country that a little light
should he thrown upon these as well as other
recent transactions of the Indian depaitment
before appropriating large sums of money upon
tho estimates of the Commissioner to provide
for the Indian service for the coming year.
Let us look at the management of this depart-
ment or branch of the Government dispassion-
ately, seeking information rather than favors,
and ascertain whether it is a source of aid and
protection of civilization and Christianization
for those for whose benefit it was created or
whether it is not a " whitened sepulcher fall
of dead men's bones." And here let me call
the attention of the House to a statement of
facts pertaining to the assemblage of Indians
who were engaged with the officers of the
Government in making these important nego-
tiations of which we have heard so much of
late, and which facts are fully substantiated by
the treaties themselves.
The following is a list of the Indian tribes
on the upper Missouri, and principally in
Dakota Territory, with which treaties are said
to have been made in the fall of 1805 by the
commissioners of the United States; also the
names, number of lodges, number of persons
in each, and the number of Indians present at
the making of said treaties:
Lodges.
Brutes  150
Two Kettles  150
Minnoeonjues  100
Sans Arcs    250
Uncpapas  450
Blackfeet  180
Ogalalns  350
Upper Yanktonais  450
Lower Yanktonais  250
Platte Brutes  400
Persons.
Present.
50
150
20
11
0
3
15
26
3,030
18.4S0
297
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have to say, in all
candor, and I speak understanding^, that a
very great deal of the difficulty which the Gov-
ernment and its citizens have had with the
northwestern Indians during the last thirty
years has been caused by just such fraudulent
treaties as these now under discussion, and for
tho fulfillment of which you will soon bo called
upon to appropriate these largo sums of money.
To think of concluding a valid treaty with a
tribe of savages numbering twenty-one hun-
dred with only three of its members present to
participatcin the negotiation is supremely ridic-
ulous. To attempt to palm olf such a transac-
tion upon the Government is a fraud of the
grossest character. No body of white men
would abide by such a transaction, nor will
the Indians of those tribes. Is it reasonable
to suppose that the Uncpapas, numbering, as
thny do, twenty-seven hundred souls, nearly
all of whom were at the time of tho treaty hos-
tile, and who are still hostile to our Govern-
ment, and who are sow engaged in murdering
and robbing our people, will pay the least at-
tention to the pretended stipulations made with
fourteen irresponsible members of their tribe,
all of whom were either too lazy to hunt or too
cowardly to pursue the war path? Why, sir, I
am astonished at the whole transaction.' The
consummate stupidity which planned these
negotiations is only surpassed by the repre-
hensible meanness in which their details have
been carried out, and tho total lack of practi-
cal results which have followed. Such treaties
as these never have and never will restore
peaceful relations with our Indian tribes, they
will only be instrumental in swelling our na-
tional debt and lining the pockets of the fa-
vored gentlemen who are selected to disburse
the munificent appropriations of a too con-
fiding Congress. The whole affair is perfectly
absurd, and no man of sense who is at all fa-
miliar with the Sioux Indians of the upper Mis-
souri would for a moment entertain the idea
that peace could result from such sham nego-
tiations.
"Art. 8. Any amendment or mortification of this
treaty by the Senate of tho United States ahull be
considered final and bmdmg upon the said bund,
represented in eounc-il, - a p.n t of this (rca! v, in the
same manner as if it had been .--abscqiK-ntly presented
and agreed to by the chiefs and head-men of said
baud."
That is to say, that this treaty with tho Unc-
papas, in the making of which bat fourteen
persons out of twenty-seven hundred partici-
pated, shall undergo ■' amendments or modifi-
cations " at the pleasure of tho Senate; thus
denying the whole of said tribe any participa-
tion whatever in a solemn treaty by the terms
of which our Government declares that they
shall be irrevocably hound.
These treaties, which have been concluded
and ratified by the Senate and proclaimed by
the President, are not worth tho paper they
disgrace. They will neither tranquillize the
Indians nor bring peace and safety to our
frontiers.
Indulge me while I read tho following extracts
from the Sioux City Register of JIareh 10,18GB:
"A private letter from Crow Creek brings intelli-
gence of an -mportant nature. A large party of
Brules and Tetons eame to the fort from the upper
country, and while camped in the vicinity of the
agency they formed a plan to eapturc the fort, kill
all the whites and San toes, and steal the stores; but
the plot became known to some of the Santees, who
immediately made it known to Captain Sewell, the
post commander. lie immediately took proper meas-
ures to guard against a surprise, and then quietly
awaited their coming.
"But they did not eome, they found their plot had
been discovered; so thoy struck theirtepesandstarted
for the upper country, and at last accounts had not
been heard from. We understand that the trouble is
occasioned by Captain Sewell's refusal to give them
an unlimited supply ot subsistence stores, and tho
Indians were indignant at his refusal.
"This is the result of the recent peace commission,
and li'oni present indications we may expcct similar
demonstrations at other points as soonastheweather
gets warm enough to enable our 'red brothers' to
travel conveniently."
"Recent advices from Fort Sully state that the
Indians are becoming quite troublesome, stealing
everything they can lay their hands on, besides driv-
ing off cattle at every opportunity; and if things
continue that way much longer tho garrison will bo
brought down to salt-junk."
In addition to this, these treaties do not claim
to have acquired for the Government a, single
acre of land, not one mountain, not a valley,
not a plain. The right of way, ever a matter
of the greatest importance to the people of the
Northwest, through tho country occupied by
the Indians with whom these farcical treaties
profess to have been made has not been ob-
tained, notwithstanding a section to that effect
adorns a page of these rare diplomatic produc-
tions. Now, let us take another look at these
solemn treaties;
"Art. 4. Tho said band, represented in council, shall
withdraw from the routes overland already estab-
lished or hereafter to bo established through their
country; and in consideration thereof, and of their
non-interference with the persons and property of
citizens ot' the United States traveling thereon, the
Government of tho United States agree to pay to the
said band tho shut of ^lft,009anDually for twenty years,
in such articles as the Secretary of the Interior may
direct: Provided, That said band, so represented in
council, shall faithfully conform to the requirements
of this treaty."
Now, sir, what are the facts in relation to
this matter? Simply these: notwithstanding
these treaties declare that the Indians "shall
withdraw from the routes overland already
established or hereafter to be established/'
this provision was never assented to by the In-
dians, nor anything of the kind. So far from
having granted the right of way through their
country to the Government, several, if not all,
of the parties present as the pretended repre-
sentatives of their respective tribes positively
refused to grant it, and stated that their tribes
would not consent to any such arrangement. I
have been told so by parties present at the mak-
ing of these treaties, and 1 have heard the same
thing from other reliable sources. Why, sir,
the Secretary of the Interior has suspended the
work on one of the wagon roads, passing through
the country occupied by these same Indians,long
since these treaties were signed and sealed and
received in this city. The work on the Chey-
enne road, for the construction of which you
made an appropriation at the last Congress,
has been suspended by the order of this otlii'er.
When asked for the cause of this stispoiiMun
his reply was that the commissioners must go
iij) and make arrangements with the Indians
before the work on the road could go oil.
Now, sir, what does this all mean? Why
is it, if these are valid treaties, made in good
faith, if thoy are what they profess to be, that
one of our wagon roads, the right, of way for
which these treaties declare has been acquired
has been stopped in the process of its con-
struction? Certainly it is not for want of funds,
for it was more than one half completed last
year, with an abundance of money on hand to
finish the work this year. Do not the same
objections apply to the Niobrara road ? Does
it not pass through the country occupied by
Indians who were parties to these same trea-
ties? Certainly it does, and yet the provisions
