1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1MI
definite terms, then these may be discarded
and the reason for the exclusion still remain
as before.
Now, the negro is not now, never was, ex-
cluded, either on account of his race or colcjr;
surely not on account of his race, for the largo
majority of the people everywhere believe that
heis of our race, descended from our Adam, and
entitled to be made alive in Christ the same as
other men are. Nor is it on account of his
color, for if all to be hereafter born were Albi-
nos, as many are., it would make no difference,
so far as the real reason is concerned. What
is really the true reason for his exclusion? It
is not that he is not a man, or that he is a col-
ored man, but that he is an inferior man—an
inferior article of man. Now, if a State denied
suffrage to negroes on account of general ig-
norance, vice, or what not, this amendment
would not punish the exclusion; it cannot be
construed beyond its terms.
Another objection is the uncertainty of the
clause. Is it meant that all of the colored race
in a State shall vote, men, women, and chil-
dren ? I suppose not; but if not, where is the
abridgment or denial to begin which begets the
forfeiture? Suppose it is eontined, as in Mas-
sachusetts or in New York, that would not lie a
denial; would it be an unconstitutional abridg-
ment? And how long would it take Congress
to decide it on an apportionment bill? Crom-
well's democratic House worked three weeks
on the meaning of the word "incumbrances;''
this is a much more knotty puzzle.
Again, would the denial of the right to
blacks forfeit the right to representations for
the yellow, and if not how are the several
shades of color to be distinguished? AVill all
the classes have to be kept separate or not?
These and a hundred other difficulties might
be stated, and no deliberative assembly could
solve them, whatever a court might do under
the maxim that construction must make the
clause avail, and not destroy it. But could it
be avoided ? What would prevent a State from
extending the franchise before the apportion-
ment to all, and after it was made withdraw-
ing it? Congress could not reapportion for
ten years, and the same process would serve
again to defeat this provision at the end of that
time.
i know, sir, that it will be said that these
objections are fine-spun, frivolous, &c., but to
all who have listened to the debates which
arise here upon the true import of phrases the
meaning of which has been settled for hun-
dreds of years, they will not appear so. Who
could have foreseen that the phrase "to coin
money'' could have been construed to give the
right to issue United States notes, that is, to
" coin money out of lamp-black and rags," of
leather, cloth, or anything you choose with or
without reference to intrinsic value? Who
could have foreseen an elaborate argument to
prove the fugitive slave clause in the Constitu-
tion did not warrant the rendition of slaves,
but only absconding white apprentices? No,
sir, the rale is to cavil on the ninth part of a
hair, and those who are ambitious of fame as
Constitution-makers should look to it.
But, sir, I now come to a different class of
objections, which in my judgment are suffi-
cient to make all prudent men hesitate in the
face of a proposition of this kind, made at the
time, in the manner, and with the interest this
is made. First, the proposition in itself is rev-
olutionary, striking directly at the freedom of
the several States, and if accomplished will
overturn the Government down to its very
foundations. Revolutionary, because it seeks
to influence the free distiibution of political
power in the States by saying to them, '1 If you
do not bestow a portion of it upon a particular
class of your people we will deprive you of
yours to the same extent you deprive them."
Now, if there is anyone thing more than an-
other vital to the existence of a free State, which,
indeed, is of its very essence, it is that the peo-
ple of such St ate shall say of themselves, 'without
external dictation, who shall and who shall not
be the. depositaries of their political power; in
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 12.
other words, who shall do their voting, who
shall cast their ballots; and any attempt on the
part of any power outside the State to compel
them in any way to do in that behalf what they
arc unwilling to do is just so much sheer tyr-
anny, and sets such outside power over that
inside, making it the master. What right would
New York have to coropal New Jersey to admit
a certain class of her people to this privilege?
Or Pennsylvania to compel Maryland? Would
not these weaker States feel that such an at-
tempt would be fatal to their independence?
They would say at once that this right of theirs
was vital, and to yield it would be to yield their
freedom itself. Then, if New York or Pennsyl-
vania have no supervisory rights of this kind,
in what way could they acquire them by joining
with them the rest of the States or any number
of them? The clause is revolutionary and de-
structive, just as much so as to attempt to com-
pel the people of a State to elect such officers
as might be pointed out to her by the United
States for that purpose, because everybody
knows that the elector in the States is just as
much the creature of the people, just as much
elected and chosen by tliem to vote as the offi-
cers are elected to hold offices. What would
be thought of a proposition to amend the Con-
stitution to compel the States each to send one
negro member to Congress? And yet this
amendment amounts to just the same thing in
a roundabout way. It really says to certain
States, if you do not elect a few negroes, you
shall not elect any; we will diminish the num-
ber to which you are now entitled in the same
ratio.
Mr. President, whenever the Constitution is
amended in this part of it, then there is no Uni-
ted States; there will be no States ; all will be
consolidated into one great central despotism,
in which the States will play the part of prov-
inces, and all the safeguard we now have in the
freedom of this people will be gone forever.
I know many will say this amendment is fair
because it will not allow representation for a
class of people who have no voice in public
affairs. But this, sir, is founded in misappre-
hension. Our system is not one of class rep-
resentation in any ease, but the representation
of communities, and when the community is
represented all classes in it are represented,
although the great majoiity have not, and many
cannot have a representation of theii own. The
Irish and G ermans of Pennsylvania never think
of claiming for themselves a class representa-
tion, neither do the various trades and occu-
pations, but all are looked upon as constituting
a unit for the purposes of State government, a
unit for counties, cities, towns, &c., and there
can be nothing unfair ill the fact that any class
is excluded; it only shows that its power in the
community is subordinate to one superior.
Others say that by the abolition of slavery
two fifths is added to the basis of the late slave
representation, which, being the result of an
accident not contemplated at the time, ought
not to be allowed to remain for the advantage
of the slave States. To this I answer, that
from all we can learn, the number of these ne-
groes in 1870 will more than likely be two
fifths less than it was in I860, owing to the in-
creased mortality resulting from the war, from
the change in their mode of life, and the with-
drawal of the master's care over them. But
whether or not, the freedom of the Stales is
worth more a thousand times, especially to the
smaller ones, than all the increase of power
they would gain by this amendment.
I am opposed to it, however, on other grounds.
It is proposed to be carried by a minority party,
for it will be recollected that there was nearly
a million of a popular majority against Mr. Lin-
coln in 1800, when all the States voted. _ They
are all now back again, and I am inclined to
think, unless we change our conduct toward
them, there will not be a large number of them
disposed to vote with the Republicans in the
future. You will be in a minority again, and
the majority will manifest itself by a return to
power and place. Do you suppose they will
not be disposed to do a little tinkering at the
Constitution, too ? These patches of ytfuris look
very unseemly to them, and they "may take a, no-
tion toiipthefn off and put on'sortis oftheirbwfo
not quite to please you. Indeed, l ean conc'eivfe
how they might affect you or sopie of you'eVeh
on this _ very tender point of representation.
They might take it into their heads to make the
Senate national instead of Federal; and-seeing
you can do so much, being a minority, what do
you think they cannot do, being ■  majority?"
Besides, you arte only able to do this to them
by shuttiu'g them out of these Halls; they may be
strong enough to do it to you even while allow-
ing you to be present to witness the operation.
Now, sir, I would much rather let all this alone
than run the risk of having the same bitter
chalice come back to our own lips in the future.
It must also be evident to any sagacious man
that an amendment to the Constitution whfch
can only operate upon a particular section of
the country, and which is proposed by Congress
at a time when that section has no representa-
tion there, would not be worth a straw. Com-
munities do not submit to such things so tamely,
and sooner or later they manage to come out
victorious over all such attempts to take advan-
tage of their weakness. God himself may aid
them. Who knows?
Besides this, sir, it would not be hard to show
that none of these projects for amending the
Constitution come from the people, or are de-
manded by the people with that earnest and
decisive significance which ought always to pre-
cede organic changes such as this purports to
be. How many people have petitioned for this
change? Certainly I should think fifteen or
twenty thousand would cover the whole of them.
How small a part of the thirty millions to be
affected; and what a narrow foundation, upon
which to base a change of a Constitution.
But that is not the worst of it. We do know
that a very large majority of the Republican
party are opposed to any change. They have
made great sacrifices te enforce the Constitu-
tion. They look upon it as the ark of our
Union covenant, and they will permit no med-
dlesome Uzzah to lay officious hands upon it
upon pretense that it requires his aid to steady
it along.
Then it is equally clear that the other half
of the people of the North, the Democratic
party, is also opposed to this and all similar
measures. In fact, upon negro suffrage they
are a unit in opposition.
But the worst opposition, and the one most
to be respected, is in the States where it alone
would be felt; and on the whole I think it may
be safely said that but a very small part of the
whole people can be said to favor it.
I now come to the resolution of the commit-
tee which proposes to stop agitation and quiet
the country by declaring that, eleven States
shall not have representation in Congress or
either branch of the same until Congress shall
have declared such State entitled to such rep-
resentation.
Now, let us for one instant contemplate this
most extraordinary proposition. Is it not a
virtual setting aside or suspension of the Con-
stitution itself until Congress shall be moved
to declare it restored ?
That instrument declares that—
"Representatives" * * *■ * "shall
be apportioned &raoii£ the several States win on may
be included within this Union according to their
rcspoctive numbers.'1 Arc.
And by an act of Congress of March 4; 1862,
a certain number of Representatives, nity-six,
were apportioned to the eleven States in ques-
tion, fixing by law their constitutional right 111
this behalf.
The resolution before us sets all that at
naught, and declares that these States shall
have no representation at all till Congress shall
so decide. The Constitution further declares
that—
"The Senate of the United States shall be com-
posed of two Senators from cn.ch
And this resolution declares that eleven States
shall have no Senators at all till Congress shall
so decide.
Now, it is well to know whether Congress
