1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2V)97
than you have now? I can very well conceive
how a man will be elected who is considered a
loyal man to-day, from a district in Alabama,
who can take the oath and take his seat here
and vote and act with the Union men, and that
at the next election they may send back an-"
other man from the same district of different
politics. But how are you going to avoid that ?
What statute will enableyoutoavoidit? There
is none.
There is but one process by which it can be
remedied, by some constitutional enactment,
such as was offered by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Baker] the other day. If when this
Congress assembled it had passed two amend-
ments to the Constitution and stopped there, I
believe the country would have been quiet and
restored to a degree of peace to-day that it
will not reach for years to come. Those two
amendments should have been: 1. Repudia-
tion of the rebel debt and no taxation hereafter
for the payment of any portion of it. 2. That
no man who had gone voluntarily into the rebel
army or given aid and comfort to the rebellion
should hereafter hold an office within the gift
of the Federal Government. If Congress had
passed those two amendments to the Constitu-
tion by this time the country would have been
restored to peace and quietness, and no Repre-
sentative from the rebel States would have taken
his seat here who was not loyal to the Govern-
ment. Then those who had not used their
etforts to overthrow and destroy the Govern-
ment would have been represented hero, as they
are entitled according to your Constitution, and
you could have collected you taxes with the
same ease that you do it now in the North.
Now, I wantthis country to bo in the hands
of Union men. I want men to control it who
are fitted to maintain it in the future. I want
the people who have sustained it during its dark
.days to pilot it in the years to come. But 1
assert from my place to-day, with all serious-
ness, and with as much earnestness and hon-
esty, as in my judgment can bo possessed by
any man, that this Congress is doing a wrong
which will result in injury to this great Govern-
ment by denying the great constitutional prin-
ciples upon which the Government of this coun-
try is founded, in refusing to a people, however
rebellious they may have been, who have been
whipped and completely subjugated until they
laid down their arms and agreed to be obedient
to the Constitution and laws of the country, a
representation in the councils of the nation
where they should bo heard.
Gentlemen say we must punish somebody.
Very well, I agree to that. The distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwei.l]
otfered a resolution some days ago directing
an inquiry to be made as to why some of these
men have not been punished, and calling for
the punishment of Jeff. Davis and others of
the loaders of this rebellion. Now that very
indirection seems to be casting blame upon
the President because these men have not
been punished.
What is the fact? The inquiry was made
of the Chief Justice of the United States as to
why he did not hold a court for the trial of
those charged with treason. His reason was
that martial law existed in Virginia and the
other rebel States, and it was injudicious to
hold a court in a State where martial law was
prevailing. And yet a court has been held
under that same Chief Justice in the District
of Columbia, where martial law exists, and
has acted upon questions in which all the States
lately in rebellion were interested.
The Secretary of War was called upon and
he expressed the same sentiments. The Pres-
ident has reserved from pardon five hundred
leading men in the rebellion, as is well known
to Congress and to the country. Now, why do
you not pass a joint resolution calling for the
trial and execution of these traitors? Because
you want to dodge it; and why ? Because you
know the President of the United States has
no power in himself to do it; Congress alone
has the right to make such laws as will provide
forthe trial, condemnation, and punishment of
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 132.
these people. Why do you not introduce your
law for that?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wonld ask the gentle-
man why he does not introduce a bill to that
clfect.
Mr. SMITH. I will, if some of you do not
do it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Why has not the gentle-
man done it before? He has been hero five
months.
Mr. SMITH. I have been waiting for it to
be done by some of the gentlemen who have
shown so much blood-thirstiness in regard to
the rebels.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman is the only
one now talking with any blood-thirstiness, and
he calls upon us to say why wo have not done
something to punish these men.
Mr. SMITH. Because the organs of the
radical portion of Congress, and of those who
are opposed to the policy and conduct of the
Administration, are denouncing him day after
day because he docs not do something. And
yet members sit in their scats here or walk
about the city or go through the country con-
demning the President for what should be justly
charged to the Congress of the United States,
and which cannot be shouldered 011 him.
Mr. ELDlilDGE. 1 would ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] if he desires
to be understood as claiming that Congress has
the power to pass laws now under which these
men shall be tried, condemned, and punished;
and must that not be done under the laws that
existed at the time the crimes were committed?
Mr. SMITH. As a matter of course they
must be punished under the laws that existed
at the time their crimes were committed. But
Congress can by law provide the means by
which they can be brought to justice.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Must they not be tried
in the district prescribed by the laws which
existed at the time the crimes were committed?
Mr. SMITH. I will agree to that. But the
districts are as numerous as the men them-
selves. We can have them tried in Virginia
and all the southern States because the courts
are now reestablished there.
Mr. BROOMALL. J would ask the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] what addi-
tional legislation he considers necessary and
what power has Congress to pass laws for the
punishment of crimes committed heretofore.
Mr. SMITH. I have said all the time that
the President of the United States had nothing
to do with it; and I was undertaking to defend
the President against the charge that he does
not punish anybody, when he had no right to
punish anybody. If the right existed in any
place at all to lay down a plan by which these
people were to be brought to trial it was in
Congress and nowhere else. They failed to do
it. I know Congress cannot pass ex post facto
laws. 1 know that.
Mr. BROOMALL. What law can Congress
pass ?
Mr. SMITH. I understand how men would
avoid if they could, bringing the people they
charge as having been guilty of the highest
crimes known to the laws of the country to
justice because it will affect to some extent the
policy pursued by Mr. Lincoln and Piesident
Johnson.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman what power Congress has in the mat-
ter. And where does it get it ?
Mr. SMITH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania—I do not want him
to answer, as I will answer for him—what
power has the President in the matter ?
Mr. BROOMALL. To enforce the laws as
they exist.
Mr. SCOFIELD. To execute the laws.
Mr. SMITH. If the position assumed by
these gentlemen be true, that Congress has no
power by any process of legislation over these
rebels who have thus acted, what power have
they to legislate in reference to the rebels in
the States under the parole of the Administra-
tion ? What right have they to keep them out?
I They want to punish the whole of them in a
body. They want to punish a State, a corpo-
ration, for what a few men have done. They
refuse, by any declarative action of theirs, so
as to put themselves right upon the record.
I know what it means. It does not need a
man of great experience to understand it. It
is because President Johnson has followed the
policy of President Lincoln. lie carried out
that policy, and States have been organized in
the rebel States, republican in form, and which
cannot be overturned or destroyed, which this
Congress dare not destroy. I leave it to time
to prove the truth of what I say. It is because
they feel the force and effect, of that policy
upon the people. The great mass of the peo-
ple will soon rise to maintain it, whether they
have belonged to one party or the other here-
tofore.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Tho
President of the United States did, on the 2d
of October, !«(>.">, address a letter to Chief Jus-
tice Chase 011 this subject, and tho Chief Jus-
tice, on the 12th of October following, replied,
declining to hold a court as suggested by the
President, and proposed a military tribunal for
the trial ofthpsc people.
Mr. SMITH. That is true. I understood
the President t,o say so myself.
Mr. SI I EL LA liAUGUR. I want to make
a suggestion in reference to what has been said
of Chief Justice Chase. 1 do not know these
statements are exactly parliamentary, but as
one has been made, I desire to say this • within ■ -
a few days the Attorney General of tho United
States made a statement to myself and others,
not confidential or private, which it may bo
well enough to be known by the nation. Ho,
the law otliccr of the Go\eminent, stated that
the position taken by Chief Justice Chase under
the circumstances was proper, as the condi-
tion of the country was not such as to make a
judicial trial much less than a mockery. Chief
Justice Chase was therefore right, in the opin-
ion of the Attorney General, in declining for
the time to hold court 011 account of the dis-
turbed condition of the State whcie the trial
was to be held.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say only
this: if t lie opinion of the Chief Justice was cor-
rect, and that a civil trial would have been nothing
less than a mockery, that in all the mass of civil-
ians a jury could not be found that would con-
vict them of treason, would it not be a farce
and mockery for a commission to bo called?
I (,ay that the position assumed by Congress
and Chief Justice Chase, and other leading
men in the country, to throw the whole onus
of complaint and blame upon the President of
the United States is wrong, unfair, and unjust.
It is as certain to recoil upon them as the sun
will rise and shine from day to day until the
world shall end.
Now, I know that attacks were made upon
tho President of the United States long before
this Congress met. I know that the very day
this Congress was organized an attack was
made upon him by which it was attempted to
take out of his hands everything that had been
done or that he could do, and to reverse every
principle which had been adopted for six or
eight months, and to place tho whole matter
in the hands of a committee, whose proceed-
ings are so secret that no member of tho House,
even, is permitted to know what they are doing.
I happened to vote for the appointment of
that committee, and I am sorry for it. They
say that full confession is good for the soul,
and I am always ready to confess when 1 do
wrong. I did vote wrong then, because I had
but just entered the House, and I believed that
the Union party, with what I had heretofore
acted, was still composed of Union men who
did not adhere to the infamous doctrine, which
I had fought for four years, that a State is out
of the Union, and not entitled to representa-
tion. I went with them, therefore ; but the
moment I found out that their policy was to
maintain that the States were out of the Union,
and should be treated as Territories, that mo-
ment I abandoned them. It was not the great
Union party, true to the Government and Uis
