3058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
Mr. BURLEIGH. He was another.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. And Rev. Mr.
Reerl was another; Mr. Guernsey, of Wisconsin,
another, and Mr. Taylor, the Indian agent of
Nebraska, was another. I would ask the gen-
tleman if all of these men are not men of the
highest respectability, men who have occupied
high and prominent positions?
Mr. BURLEIGH. I am not going to raise
any question in regard to the respectability of
the gentlemen who wont there to negotiate
those treaties. It is not for me to call their
character in question here. But I will say, for
the information of the gentleman and the
House, that when I came down through that
Territory last fall, one of the members of the
commission told me that at least seven of those
treaties were not sufficiently signed to justify
their ratification. I so stated to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs; I so stated to the
Secretary of the Interior. I told them precisely
the condition of things, as I understood it; but
for some reason the treaties were sent to the
Senate, and I suppose they are now to be
regarded as valid treaties.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I will ask the
gentleman whether that matter was not fully
investigated by the Senate Committee on In-
dian Affairs; whether that committee did not
hear an argument from the gentleman him-
self—a written argument—upon this subject;
and whether the whole case was not canvassed
by that committee and by the Senate before
those treaties were confirmed.
Mr. BURLEIGH. In reply to tlxe gentle-
man, I will say that 1 do not know anything
about that. I did send to the Senate commit-
tee a written communication setting forth the
facts, and showing that the greater portion of
those treaties had not been, as I thought, suffi-
ciently signed to justify their ratification. The
Senate, I presume, thought otherwise. What
information that body had to act upon is more
than F know.
But, sir, I resume: this method of providing
for our Indian population and relieving the
people of our frontiers has been recommended
by persons who have had much experience
with these people as the surest and most eco-
nomical method of relieving the country from
further difficulty with them. Most certainly
some plan should be adopted and carried into
effect which looks to the accomplishment of
such a result.
Mr. Speaker, I am not ambitious of origi-
nating the plan, but J do want these Indian
troubles settled. I want this book of wrongs,
of outrage and blood, closed, never to be
opened again. I know that this plan will be
objected to upon the ground that it will cost
too much, but that is not a tenable objection,
viewed in the glaring light of the millions upon
millions squandered in the Indian service, and
the sufferings which it will alleviate. If this
thing is (lone at once, so far from being ex-
pensive, it Will bo abold stroke of economy, that
will wipe out the prodigal extravagance of the
Indian department. It will not cost as much
to treat with the Sioux Indians of Dakota, Mon-
tana, and the adjoining Territories, remove
them into the above described country, and
keep them as long as an Indian exists, embalm
and monument them when dead, as it does to
support the military establishment in guarding
our borders in times of trouble and garrisoning
our western posts for twelve months. The bare
interest of that amount will treat with them,
remove and subsist them upon their reserva-
tions without using one dollar of the principal.
J will take the contract to do all this for what
it has cost the Government to support its mili-
tary operations there during the last year. In
addition to this we get possession of all the
mineral lands of the Northw'estand prevent the
hundreds of murders and the wholesale mas-
sacres which these Indians commit every year
upon our unprotected citizens and settlements. ,
Why is it that more than one third of our na-
tional domain is to-day held by less than two
hundred and fifty thousand savages?—that por-
tion of our fair land, the latent wealth of which
is more important to the great interests of this
country and the liberty-loving home-seekers
from the monarchical and despotic Old World
than perhaps any other. I cannot reiterate
this fact too often.
If there is one financial duty which should
impresj itself upon Congress at this time more
forcibly than any other it is to make such a dis-
position of our Indian population as will pro-
mote the rapid settlement of our Territories.
In no way can this be done so economically, so
effectually, as in removing the Indians and the
terrors of Indian wars from that country. Our
citizens can then protect themselves as citizens
do in the old States, by the civil arm of the
Government. Emigrants will then flock to the
remotest regions of the West and develop its
vast resources, bring to light the hidden treas-
ures of its mountains and valleys, and perma-
nently establish throughout that entire section
the free institutions of which we Americans so
proudly boast, and to the enjoyment of which
we have invited the oppressed of the civilized
world.
Will some gentleman tell me what necessity
there is for sending abroad for the large quan-
tities of blankets, cloths, &c.t for the use of
our Indian tribes which are annually imported
from England and paid for in gold? Are not
American-manufactured blankets and cloths
good enough for Indian use ? We have to-day,
in our own Government storehouses, going to
waste, tens of thousands of blankets and hun-
dreds of thousands of yards of cloth, all of
which are manufactured in our own country for
the use of our soldiers and sailors. Would it
not be economy, sir, to use these articles now
on baud rather than to importthem from abroad
and drain the gold out of the country to pay
for them? Aie not American-made blankets
and cloths good enough for American Indians
to wear? Is not the clothing manufactured for
our own brave soldiers good enough for sav-
ages? Whore is the wisdom or economy of
sending abroad for foreign fabrics to clothe a
set of Indian chiefs, while the officers of our
Army are supplied from American looms? Is
there a broader margin in dealing with whole-
sale importing merchants than with American
manufacturers? If there is not. why have the
boasted reformers who now have charge of our
Indian affairs allowed this system to continue,
a system which is so prejudicial to the interests
of the country? Why, sir, the "Bay State"
blankets, which are manufactured in Massa-
chusetts, are far superior to any English Mack-
inack blankets that were ever brought across
the ocean, and much cheaper. I have recently
seen a sample of blankets manufactured in
California which are superior to those imported
for Indian use, at a cost of more than thirty
per cent, "less in paper than the English blan-
kets cost in gold.
The same is true of all the cloths imported
for Indian use. One yard of blue cloth, which
is manufactured here for the use of our Army
and Navy at a cost of less than one half what
the English sewed-list cloth costs, is worth
for actual use more than two yards of the im-
ported article.
Mr. KELLEY. With'the permission of the
gentleman, I wish to ask him if he knows
whether the department is now purchasing for-
eign or American blankets for the Indians.
Mr. BURLEIGH. If my information is
correct, and I think it is, our Government has
never supplied the Indians with any American
blankets, unless when there was a short stock
of foreign blankets in the market. I believe
that it is the invariable custom of the Indian
department to import from England the blan-
kets for_the use of the Indians.
Mr. KELLEY. Does the gentleman know
whether the blankets supplied to the Indians
this year are of American or English make ?
Mr. BURLEIGH. I was told by a whole-
sale merchant in New York that he had the
contract to furnish these blankets, and that he
imported them from Europe. I was also told
by another wholesale merchant that when he -
was in Europe he saw the manufactory where
they were made. I have no other knowledge
on the subject.
Mr. KELLEY. Well, I beg leave to say
that when proposals for furnishing these blan-
kets were advertised for, Mr. John Dobson, of
Philadelphia, whose blankets enjoy a just pre-
eminence in our markets, put in a bid or bids;
that the contract was given to another; that
Mr. Dobson exhibited to me copies of his bids
and official statements of the bids on which the
awards had been made, and demonstrated to
me, as well as 1 could get at the result of the
figures, that his had been the cheaper, and added
that, as his object was to secure the Indian
market for American manufacturers by pro-
ducing a better than the foreign article, his
blankets would all have been up to the stand-
ard. I know, too, the fact that Mr. Dobson
makes blankets which were driving the "best
foreign blankets from our market by their supe-
rior excellence when our heavy war taxes gave
English manufacturers advantages over him at
his very doors.
What I assert is that he, with such motives
to furnish standard blankets, did not get the
contract, and that the middle-man who did
get it applied to him to make the goods. I
know further that at the time he made that
exhibit to me the party to whom the contract
had been awarded was treating with him to
make the blankets; and he said to me, "Of
course I will have to make them at a little
lower rates than I would have done had I got
the contract direct, for he must have a profit,
and the Indians will get the blankets by so
much inferior to those I offered to make for
the GoKernment." The blankets being deliv-
ered now, if that contract was concluded, and
I believe it was, are made in my district by Mr.
John Dobson at the falls of Schuylkill, and
made inferior to what he would have delivered
to the Government, because he is not bound
to a Government standard and gets an inferior
price from the contractor who got the contract
over him. I put in one qualification to these
assertions, which is, provided that contract
was executed, for I have made no inquiry on
the subject since then.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I will say, in reply to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that some
months ago I received a letter from a whole-
sale merchant in New York, who said he saw
the blankets being manufactured in England
for our fndians.
Mr. KELLEY. In what part of Europe are
the falls of Schuylkill in the twenty-first ward
of Philadelphia and fourth district of Pennsyl-
vania? [Laughter.]
Mr. BURLEIGH. I cannot say anything
about that; it is not worth while.
I will say further, it was stated in that letter
that a sample of those blankets had been sent
to this country, and there was complaint that
a large proportion of cotton entered into their
manufacture. I am under the impression that
the contractors have had these Indian blankets
manufactured and imported from England. I
think if the gentleman from Pennsylvania will
introduce a resolution of inquiry into this House
he will obtain that information from the Indian
Bureau. I do not wish to do injustice to any
one, but I still entertain the opinion expressed
in the first place.
Mr. KELLEY. I will not say a resolution
of inquiry will result in proving that some In-
dian blankets are made abroad, but 1 will say
that such an inquiry will establish the facts
T have asserted, that the contract was given for
an inferior article at equal or higher rates to a
man who went to a rejected bidder, John Dob-
son, of Philadelphia, and proposed to contract
with him to manufacture the blankets of an
inferior character and at an inferior rate so the
contractor might make a profit out of his con-
tract with the Government. Mr. Dobson's
blanket factories are at the falls of the Schuyl-
kill, twenty-first ward of Philadelphia. I do
not think that is in Europe.
