74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
nized State possess the requisite qualifications
of age, residence, and citizenship ; and whether
the election and returns are according to law.
The "Houses, separately, can judge of nothing
else. It seems amazing that any man of legal
education could give it any larger meaning.
It is obvious from all this that the first duty
of Congress is to pass a law declaring the con-
dition of these outside or defunct States, and
providing proper civil governments for them.
Since the conquest they have been governed
by martial law. Military rule is necessarily
despotic, and ought not to exist longer than is
absolutely necessary. As there are no symp-
toms that the people of these provinces will be
prepared to participate in- constitutional gov-
ernment for some years, I know of no arrange-
ment so propor for them as territorial govern-
ments. There they can learn the principles of
freedom and eat the" fruit of fonl rebellion.
Under such governments, while electing mem-
bers to the Territorial Legislatures, they will
necessarily mingle with those to whom Congress
shall extend the right of suffrage. In Terri-
tories Congress fixes the qualifications of elect-
ors ; and I know of no better place nor better
occasion for the conquered rebels and the con-
queror to practice justice to all men, and accus-
tom themselves to make and to obey equal laws.
As these fallen rebels cannot at their option
reenter the heaven which they have disturbed,
the garden of Eden which they have deserted,
and flaming swords are set at the gates to secure
their exclusion, it becomes important to the
welfare of the nation to inquire when the doors
shall be reopened for their admission.
According to my judgment tliey ought never
to be recognized as capable of acting in the
Union, or of being counted as valid States, until
the Constitution shall have been so amended as
to make it what its framers intended ; and so as
to secure perpetual ascendency to the party of
the Union; and so as to render our republican
Government firm and stable forever. The tirst
of those amendments is to change the basis of
representation among the States from Federal
numbers to actual voters. Now all the col-
ored freemen in the slave States, and three
fifths of the slaves, are represented, though none
of them have votes. The States have nineteen
representatives of colored slaves. If the slaves
are now free then they can add, for the other
two fifths, thirteen more, making the slave rep-
resentation thirty-two. I suppose the free
blacks in those States will give at least five
more, making the representation of non-voting
people of color about thirty-seven. The whole
number of representatives now from the slave
States is seventy. Add the other two fifths
and it will be eighty-three.
If the amendment prevails, and those States
withhold the right of suffrage from persons of
color, it will deduct about thirty-seven, leaving
them hut forty-six. With the basis unchanged,
the eighty-three southern members, with the
Demoerals !hat will in the best times be elected
from the Xorth, will always give them a major-
ity in Congres-i and in the Electoral College.
Tliey will at the very first, election take poses-
si on of rhe White House and the halls of Con-
gress. 1 need not depict the ruin that would
follow. Assumption of the rebel debt or re-
pudiation of the Federal debt would be sure to
follow. The oppression of the freedmen ; the
^amendment of their State constitutions, and
the roestabiishment of slavery would be the
inevitable result. That they would scorn and
disregard their present constitutions, forced
upon them in the midst of martial law, would
be both natural and just. No one who has any
regard for freedom of elections can look upon
those governments, forced upon them in du-
re.^, with any favor. If they should grant the
rijdit of suffrage to persons of color, I think
there vmtld always be Union white men enough
in the South, aided by the blacks, to divide the
representation, and thus continue the Repub-
lican ascendency. If they should refuse to thus
filter their election laws it would reduce the
representatives of the late 4ave States to about
forty-live and render them powerless for evil.
Tt is plain that this amendment must be con-
summated before the defunct Slates are admit-
ted to be capable of State action, or it never
can be.
The proposed amendment to allow Congress
to lay a duty on exports is precisely in the same
situation. Its importance cannot well be over-
stated. It is very obvious that for many years
the South will not pay much under our internal
revenue laws. The only article on which we
can raise any considerable amount is cotton.
It will be grown largely at once. With ten
cents a pound export duty it would be furnished
cheaper to foreign market's than they could
obtain it from any other part of the world. The
late war has shown that. Two million bales
exported, at five hundred pounds to the bale,
would yield $100,000,000. This seemsto be the
chief revenu e we shall ever derive from the South.
Besides, it would be a protection to that amount
to our domestic manufactures. Other proposed
amendments—to make all laws uniform; to
prohibit the assumption of the rebel debt—are
of vital importance, and the only thing that
can prevent the combined forces of copper-
heads and secessionists from legislating against
the interests of the Unionwhenever they may
obtain an accidental majority.
But this>is not all that we ought to do before
these invetel-ate rebels are invited to participate
in our legislation. We have turned, or are about
to turn, loose four million slaves without a hut
to shelter them or a cent in their pockets. The
infernal laws of slavery have prevented them
from acquiring an education, understanding
the commonest laws of contract, or of man-
aging the ordinary business of life. This Con-
gress is bound to provide for them until they
can take care of themselves. If we do not fur-
nish them with homesteads, and hedge them
around with protective laws; if we leave them
to the legislation of their late masters, we had
better have left them in bondage. Their con-
dition would be worse than that of our prison-
ers at Andersonville. If we fail in this great
duty now, when we have the power, we shall
deserve and receive the execration of history
and of all future ages.
Two things are of vital importance.
1. So to establish a principle that none of the
rebel States shall be counted in any of the
amendments of the Constitution until they are
duly admitted into the family of States by the
law-making power of their conqueror. For
more than six months the amendment of the
Constitution abolishing slavery has been rati-
fied by the Legislatures of three fourths of the
States lliat acted 011 its passage by Congress,
and which had Legislatures, or which were
States capable of acting, or required to act, on
the question.
I take 110 account of the aggregation of white-
washed rebels, who without any legal authority
have assembled in the capitals oftholate rebel
States and simulated legislative bodies. Nor
do I regard with any respect the cunning by
play into which they deluded the Secretary of
State by frequent telegraphic announcements
that '■ South Carolina had adopted the amend-
ment:' ''' Alabama has adopted the amendment,
being the twenty-seventh State," &c. This
was intended to delude the people, and accus-
tom Congress to hear repeated the names of
these extinct States as if they were alive ; when,
in truth, they have now no more existence than
the revolted cities of Latium, two thirds of whose
people were colonized and their property con-
fiscated, and their right of citizenship withdrawn
by conquering and avenging Home.
2. It is equally important- to the stability of
this Republic that it should now be solemnly de-
cided what power can revive, recreate, and rein-
state these provinces into the family of States,
and invest them with the rights of American
citizens. It is time that Congress should a«sci t
its sovereignty,and assume something of the dig-
nity of a Roman senate. It is fortunate that the
{ President invites Congress to take this manly
i attitude. After stating with great frankness in
; his able message his theory, which, however, is
! found to be impracticable, and which 1 believe
very few now consider tenable, he refers the
whole matter to the judgment of Congress. If .
Congress bhould fail firmly and wisely to dis-
charge that high duty it is not the fault of the
President.
This Congress owes it to its own character
to set the seal of reprobation upon a doctrine
which is becoming too fashionable, and unless
rebuked willie the recognized principle of our
Government. Governor Perry and other pro-
visional governors and orators proclaim that
"this is the white man's Government." The
whole copperhead party, pandering to the low-
est prejudices of the ignorant, repeat the cuckoo
ery, "This is the white man's Government."
Demagogues of all parties, even some high in
authority, gravely shout, "This is the white
man's Government.'' What is implied by this ?
That one race of men are to have the exclusive
right forever to rule this nation, and to exer-
cise all acts of sovereignty, while all other races
and nations and colors are to be their subjects,
and have no voice in making the laws and
choosing the rulers by whom they are to be gov-
erned. Wherein does this differ from slavery
except in degree ? Does not this contradict all
the distinctive principles of the Declaration of
Independence ? When the great and good men
promulgated that instrument, and pledged their
lives and sacred honors to defendit, itwas sup-
posed to form an epoch in civil government.
Before that time it was held that the right to
rule was vested in families, dynasties, or races,
not because of superior intelligence or virtue,
but because of a divine right to enjoy exclusive
privileges.
Our fathers repudiated the whole doctrine
of the legal superiority of families or races, and
proclaimed the equality of men before the law.
Upon that tliey created a revolution and built
the Republic. They were prevented by slavery
from perfecting the superstructure whose foun-
dation they had thus broadly laid. For the
sake of the Union they consented to wait, but
never relinquished the idea of its final comple-
tion. The time to which they looked forward
with anxiety has come". It is our duty to com-
plete their work. If this Republic is not now
made to stand on their great principles, it has
no honest foundation, and the Father of all
men will still shake it to its center. If we have
not yet been sufficiently scourged for our na-
tional sin to teach us to do justice to all God's
creatures, without distinction of race or color,
we must expect the still more heavy vengeance
of an offended Father, still increasing his in-
flictions as lie increased the se\erity of the
plagues of Egypt until the tyrant consented to
do justice. And when that tyrant repented
of his reluctant consent, and attempted to re-
enslave the people, as our southern tyrants
are attempting to do now, he filled the Red sea
with broken chariots and drowned horses, and
strewed the shores with dead carcasses.
Mr. Chairman, I trust the Republican party
will not be alarmed at what I am saying. I do
not profess to speak their sentiments, nor must
they be. held responsible for them. I speak
for myself, and take the responsibility, and will
settle with my intelligent constituents.
This is not a "white man's Government,'' in
the exclusive sense in which it is used. To
say so is political blasphemy, for it violates the
fundamental principle* of our gospel of liberty.
This is man's Government: the Government
of all men alike; not that all men will have
equal power and sway within it. Accidental
circumstances, natural and acquired endowment
and ability, will vary their fortunes. But equal
rights to all the privileges of the Government
is innate in every immortal being, 110 matter
what the shape or color of the tabernacle which
: it inhabits.
J If equal privileges were granted to all, I
. should not expect any but white men to be elect-
; ed to office for long ages to come. Theprcju-
j dice engendered by slavery would not hoon per-
; mit merit to be preferred to color. But it would
; still be beneficial to the weaker races. In a
j country where politic;!! divisions will always
! exist, their power, joined with just white men,
