1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3059
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I merely
desire to know whether it is a crime in an
officer of the Government to purchase foreign
manufactured goods?
Mr. KELLEY. I do not say it is a crime
to purchase foreign goods. I heard the gen-
tleman from Dakota state that the blankets for
the Indians were made in Europe. I thought
it a pity that announcement should go to the
country without qualification. I will ask my
friend whether he does not think it is a crime,
though it may not be a statutory one—a crime
against morals; a crime against the Indians; a
crime against the Government—to give a con-
tract to a political favorite at higher rates than
another offered, and then to accept under that
contract an inferior article made at an inferior
price by one of the rejected bidders ?
Mr. ALLISON. I will answer the inquiry
of the gentleman when he answers mine. I
desire to know whether or not he insists a
Government officer shall purchase articles of
American manufacture exclusively.
Mr. lvBLLEY. I have not made such an
intimation. That question was not in point.
I was only correcting the gentleman's state-
ment in reference to these blankets being
made abroad.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand we walked
daily upon a carpet purchased abroad by one
of our officers.
Mr. KELLEY. That is true, and if we do
not soon diminish our internal taxes and revise
our tariff bill we will soon be walking in noth-
ing but foreign-made clothes, under foreign um-
brellas, and in foreign-made shoes.
Mr. ALLISON. I will say that if a public
officer gives a political favorite a contract at
a higher rate than that of another bidder he
does commit a crime, and ought to be punished.
I do not understand the gentleman to say these
blankets were taken at a higher rate than was
bid by his friend.
Mr. KELLEY. I have not made the posi-
tive assertion that the blankets for this year
were made by Mr. Dobson. What T say is
that Mr. Dobson laid before me his bids and
the report of lettings presented to him from
the Indian Office, and that his calculations
and mine showed that his bid was lower than
that upon which the contract had been awarded.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I would ask the gentle-
man if he knows that these blankets were man-
ufactured in'Philadelphia.
Mr. KELLEY. I repeat again, the last
time I was in Mr. Dobson's establishment he
was about concluding a contract, and he said,
" Of course I do not contract with the Govern-
ment, and cannot make blankets of the quality
I was ready to furnish to the Government. I
was anxious to prove that I could excel in
Mackinaw blankets, as I do in others, and
would have done it, but I am about contract-
ing with an individual for blankets of an infe-
rior character at a less price, and the con-
tractor with the Government will pocket the
difference. The Government will not know
me in the transaction, or even know that I
make the blankets/'
Mr. BURLEIGH. But still, sir, this system
goes on, and will go onuntil there is arevolution
in this whole concern. Untold millions have
been expended under our present miserably
managed Indian system, and all without any
important change in the condition of the Indian
or benefit to the Government, but on the con-
trary, wrong, violence, and bloodshed have been
the legitimate fruits of such a policy. Not one
new idea has been developed nor a single prac-
tical result accomplished. "How to do it, and
how not to do it," seems to be the standing
order of the Indian institution.
The country which I have described as a suit-
able and permanent location for the Indians is
sufficiently largo to support all the tribes north
of the Arkansas and east of the Rocky mount-
ains. It is well adapted to the wants of a large
Indian population with an abundance of land
suited to cultivation, and it is the great game
region of the United States.
The removal and final settlement of our
northwestern Indians in this proposed reser-
vation would enable us to open the entire body
of mineral lands east of the Rocky mountains,
relieve our overland emigration from Indian
dangers and annoyances, and place the red
men where they could live and die unmolested
by the enterprise of the white man, and under
the protecting arm of the Government. But
I am satisfied that no such grand results will
be realized so long as Congress contents itself
with reading the reports of interested Secre-
taries and Commissioners—officers who would
starve upon their salaries living as they do,
but who thrive immeasurably upon the more
questionable perquisites of their offices.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask
the gentleman to explain what he means by
speaking of interested Secretaries and other
officers.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Well, sir, I do not desire
to take the time now to discuss this matter, but
I have information in my possession which, if
the gentleman desires it, I will lav before Con-
gress, so that he can weigh and examine it
himself.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is simply for the
purpose of understanding the matter. I sup-
pose that the gentleman intended to convey
the idea that the Secretary and the head of the
departments having control of Indian affairs
were interested in the contract.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Perhaps not in this con-
tract particularly: but it is generally understood
that there are certain perquisites attached to
the office of Secretary as well as that of Com-
missioner.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not intend to
defend any wrongful act committed by any
member of this Government; but what I desire
is, when the gentleman is dealing in charges
of this kind, that lie shall make them plain and
specific. That is what I insist upon.
Mr. BURLEIGH. If I can get a resolution
adopted by the House I will endeavor to grat-
ify the gentleman's curiosity before the close
of the session.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is not curiosity;
I merely ask the gentleman to so deal with this
question when he connects these insinuations
with public officers, as to allow us to under-
stand just what he means to say.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I mean just what I say.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Well, he has not
said very much; it is mere intimation, more
by the way of innuendo than anything else, and
I would like to have the gentleman make a
charge specific.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I would rather not be
interrupted.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say that in all
the intercourse I had with the party to whom
I have referred about blankets there was noth-
ing that led me to suppose for one moment that
the Secretary of the Interior had any cogni-
zance of the transactions that wore going on.
The allegations were made against the officer
of the Indian Bureau, who had the duty of
contracting for Army blankets. And if, from
any remarks I have made, the inference is
drawn that I know any reason why I should
sympathize with the reflections upon the Sec-
retary of the Interior just indulged in by the
gentleman from Dakota, 1 beg leave to dispel
it. There was nothing that came to.my knowl-
edge that in any way reflected upon him.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
gentleman have additional time enough to finish
his speech.
No objection being made, the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Why, sir, how can the
country expect pure waters to flow from a cor-
rupt fountain? How can you expect an honest
administration of your public affairs by an offi-
cer of the Government who will come upon the
floor of this House and sacrifice every principle
of truth and honor for the purpose of carrying
a measure which, under other circumstances,,
would be considered a fraud and a cheat upon
the Government?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I want to know
distinctly whether the gentleman charges upon
the Secretary of the Interior fraud and corrup-
tion in this matter.
Mr. BURLEIGH. If the gentleman will
make- a note of such things as he desires to
inquire about, and put his questions after I
get through, I will answer them.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. The gentleman
seems to fee an adept in dealing in innuendoes
that you cannot put your finger upon, that you
cannot touch. I want 'some distinct assertion
from him if he has any to make.
Mr. BURLEIGH. Well, I will tell the gen-
tleman, at the commencement of this session
there was an appropriation of $500,000 asked
for the support of certain Indian tribes. I had
been told by a gentleman here that the moneys
had already been expended, and that it was
really a deficicncy they were asking for, and I
so told the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Stbvens.] In
the course of a day or two 1 was called upon in
this very Hall by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs. He came in here and took a seat by
me, and spoke of the necessity of having that
appropriation to sustain those Indians. I told
him what I had been told by parties who
claimed to know, that a large amount of the
money had already been expended. He told
me that not a dollar of it had been expended ;
that ho had no authority to expend any money
before it was appropriated. And he asked me
to use my influence ; of course I had not much
influence, butwhat little I had, I used, to get the
appropriation through. I again saw the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr.
Stevens,] and told him that I thought thero
must be sonic misapprehension in regard to the
matter. I went to work and did what I could,
and the appropriation was passed. I subse-
quently learned that this money had been ex-
pended before it was appropriated. I stated
to the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs
what I knew when the nomination of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs was pending before
them. And he denied it in a most flat-footed
manner, and said that he had never asked me
to take any part in the matter, and said that it
was simply absurd.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. One other ques-
tion. Arc these the facts upon which the gen-
tleman bases his charge of fraud and corrup-
tion against the Secretary of the Interior?
Mr. BURLEIGH. I am not speaking of
the Secretary of the Interior. If the gentle-
man had paid attention to my remarks for the
last few sentences, ho would have discovered
that.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Perhaps he did
not refer to the Secretary of the Interior in the
last sentences, for he was then replying to my
question.
Mr. BURLEIGH. It is high time, sir, if
statesmen legislate for this Government, and
not for favored individuals, that they look to
this matter, and do not allow important meas-
ures to pass Congress until satisfied of their
necessity and justice.
It will be but a few days before you are
called upon to appropriate another large
sum, (I learn near one million dollars) for the
payment of supplies professed to have been
used in support of southwestern Indians, un-
der what are called starvation contracts, al-
though I believe thelaw strictly forbids expend-
ing money in advance of its appropriation.
It would be well for the country if Congress
would appoint a committee to investigate the
transactions of the Indian Office for the last
nine months—a committee which is not to be
frightened at the cart loads of documents
usually arrayed as a bulwark of defense by that
office whenever an investigation into its affairs
is sought} but who will boldly, honestly, and
justly unriddle the sphinx. Such an GSdipus
is certainly needed, and I hope that such a
Committee will be appointed, unless the present
