1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4019
come from the War Office. The latter consti-
tute only a part, and a minor part, of the
voluminous evidence in the case. *
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, that is not
strictly true. The testimony taken before the
committee was more or less connected with the
documentary evidence which was received by
the committee from the "War Department. This
gentleman, understanding perfectly well—bet-
ter, indeed, than anybody else—the nature, the
value, and the relations of the evidence in the
War Department, was engaged in examining
these papers, in connection with the testimony
which had been taken before the committee,
for the purpose of aiding me in solving difficul-
ties, that I might present a clear report. At
the time the gentleman from New Jersey came
in I had given directions to this gentleman to
allow no person to examine or take possession
of these papers. In this, I think, I did no more
than I ought to have done. Still, under the
circumstances, I gave to the gentleman from
New Jersey a written order—if you choose so
to call it—to the gentleman who had charge of
these papers, saying that the gentleman from
New Jersey might examine the papers in the
room of the Judiciary Committee, but that he
was not to take any of them away.
Very soon after that the clerk of the Judi-
ciary Committee came to me at my seat and
informed me that the gentleman from New
Jersey had with him a phonographic reporter,
a person who was unknown to the clerk of the
committee, but who, so far as he could judge,
was engaged in taking in phonographic char-
acters copies of some of the papers relating to
the case under consideration. I went imme-
diately to the committee-room, and found there
a man whom I did not know, who said that he
had no connection whatever with this House ;
yet he was engaged then in copying or taking
extracts from the papers connected with this
case. I at once interposed. I told him, I told
the gentleman from New Jersey, that while the
papers where in my charge nothing of the kind
should be done ; and I took up the papers, I
dare say with some feeling, but not with any
animosity toward the gentleman from New
Jersey. I thought that the interests of the Gov-
ernment were unnecessarily and improperly
exposed: and I took possession of the papers,
placing them in a trunk where they had been
kept and closing the trunk. I have since made
some inquiries concerning the person who was
yesterday in the employment of the gentleman
from New Jersey, and 1 ask the gentleman from
New Jersey whether that person is not an Italian
or a Frenchman named Cazauran.
Mr. ROGERS. His name is Cazauran, and
he is a stenographer. That is all I know.
Mr. BOUT WELL. I ask whether it is not
known to the gentleman from New J ersey that
Cazauran was for a long time in the rebel ser-
vice ; that he edited a rebel newspaper at Mem-
phis, Tennessee 
Mr. ROGERS. This is the first time I ever
heard of it.
Mr. BO UTWELL. Tha-t he was sent out of
Tennessee by the United States authorities 
Mr. ROGERS. Not to my knowledge.
Mr. BOUTWELL. _ That he was afterward
found within the United States lines at Nor-
folk, Virginia; that he was taken by the mili-
tary authorities of this Government and sen-
tenced to sumething like sixty days at Jiard
labor in tli^t vicinity.
Mr. ROGERS. I never heard any such thing
before. I hever heard a word against him.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I do not knowanything
of the man. If my information should prove
to be false, I would willingly retract, in the
presence of this House and the country, all
that I have said in reference to the phono-
graphic reporter whom I found yesterday in the
room of the Judiciary Committee ; but such is
the information which on inquiry I have re-
ceived from sources in which I place confi-
dence.
Mr. ROGERS, i will state to the gentle-
man my acquaintance with the reporter I em-
ployed. I do not know whether he is a Dem-
ocrat, a Republican, a Know-Nothing, or any-
thing else. The first I knew of him he was
connected with the Boston Post. I will add
that I proposed to have him swear to an oath
of secrecy.
Several Members. Swear a rebel I
Mr. ROGERS. Oh, I guess he was no
rebel; I guess that is not so.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I make this statement
from information I have received, and from no
knowledge of my own. If it turns out to be
erroneous I shall feel it to be my duty, as well
as my pleasure, to retract it before the House.
I only introduce it as a fact. *
Mr. ROGERS. I have only one question
to propose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule on
the question, as time is very precious at this
late period of the session. He thinks he has
now a correct conception of the matter. Com-
mittees, in order to facilitate their business,
often appoint sub-committees to examine into
bills or other subject-matters which may be
referred to them, and to make report to the
committee in full session before they report to
the House. When they do, the papers perti-
nent to the subject are put in the hands of the
sub-committee, and no member has a right to
demand to see those papers until the sub-com-
mittee reports to tl\e committee. When the
sub-committee reports to the committee the
gentleman, in common with the other mem-
bers, has a right to demand to see the papers
for examination.
Mr. ROGERS. I have a motion to make.
I ask the House to grant me a stenographer,
to be paid by myself or by the House, so that
I may be enabled to make a minority report if
necessary. 1 think it is only just to me that it
should be done.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he move, in addition, that a stenog-
rapher be allowed to each member to help
him prepare his speeches. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROGERS. 1 am willing to pay for the
stenographer.
Mr. IIUBBARD, of Connecticut. I object.
james c. cook.
Mr. MYERS. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill reported
on Friday last from the Committee on Patents,
(H. R. No. 7G0,) for the relief of James C.
Cook, upon which the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Hubbabd] has the floor.
PRIVILEGED QUESTION AGAIN.
Mr. ROGERS. I wish to say that I was one
of the sub-committee of three appointed to
collect this evidence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made his
decision, and, if the gentleman wants to, he
can take au appeal.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to state to
the House that the gentleman from New Jer-
sey is not a member of the sub-committee to
which these papers have been referred.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a point of order. Do
I understand the Speaker to rule that a mem-
ber of the committee, before they do impor-
tant business, has no right to examine the pa-
pers connected therewith ?
Tke SPEAKER. The Chair repeats ex-
actly what he has stated. Where a commit-
tee appoint a sub-committee to investigate a
certain matter the papers referred to the sub-
committee are within their power, and no mem-
ber of the committee has the right, as a matter
of right, to take them from the sub-committee
for examination.
Mr. ROGERS. I do not want to take them
—I only want to see them.
Mr. FINCK. I do not think the decision
goes far enough.
The SPEAKER. The point has been de-
cided, but the gentleman can take an appeal.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a point of order. The
Speaker has not decided the precise point pre-
sented.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided
the precise point presented.
Mr. FIN CK. I think not.
Mr. ROGERS. I have a right to ask for
the papers.
The SPEAKER. The House has passed
away from the case.
Mr. FINCK. I advise my friend to resign
from the committee if he can have no rights
there.
Mr. ROGERS. I only want the country to
know how the matter stands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has allowed the
gentleman to present his case at great length.
Mr. ROGERS. I do not find fault with the
Speaker.
james c. cook again.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. If the
House will give me their attention for about
five minutes by my watch, which is a fast one,
[laughter,] I think I can satisfy them of the
justice of the present claim.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will first read
the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
That James 0. Cook have leave to make applica-
tion to the Commissioner of Patonts for an extension
of his letters-patent, which were issued for the term
of fourteen years, from the 27 th day of July, 1852, for
an improvement in machines for forming button
backs and connecting the eyes thereto, in the same
manner as if he had filed his petition for an exten-
sion at least ninety days prior to the expiration of
said patent, and that the Commissioner of Patents bo
authorized to consider and determine said applica-
tion in the same manner as if ithadbecnfiled ninoty
days before the expiration of the patent.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I can
yield now to neither of my friends, for I desire,
in the first place, to finish the report which I
had commenced when this report was up some
two weeks ago. I do not design to lake up
much time. The petitioner has really had
under his patent the benefit of about three
years.
Mr. STEVENS. When docs his patent
expire?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. This year.
He lost a good deal in consequence of the diffi-
culty of introducing this patent, and also from
an error in the original specification. It is a
patent for button backs and connecting them
with the eyes. I know nothing myself abost
the manufacture of buttons, but I know this:
that when this patent was issued the law was
that the patentee might apply for an extension
to the Commissioner at any time before the
expiration of his patent. The patentee sup-
posed, therefore, that it was safe for him at
any time within fifty days of the expiration of
his patent, to apply for a renewal of his priv-
ilege. He did apply to the Commissioner of
Patents some eighty-three days before the
expiration of his patent, and then he learned,
for the first time, that the law had been
changed, and that, by the act of 1851, ninety
days were iequired.
I want to say, Mr. Speaker, that under the
law of 1848, under which this patent was is-
sued, the patentee had a right to apply to the
Commissioner for an extension of his patent
at any time not less than sixty days before the
expiration of his patent. In the year 1861 the
law was changed, making it necessary for him
to apply ninety days before the expiration of his
patent. lie did not know of that; he is a labor-
ing man living out in the country; he knew the
lawof 1848, under which heobtainedhis patent;
he did not know that that law had ever been
changed; and in consequence of that want of
knowledge he applied to the Commissioner for
an extension of his patent at a time outside of
that prescribed by law. It was by mere acci-
dent and mistake that he*failed to apply in
time; he supposed that he had a right to ap-
ply for it at a later date than he had under the
law, and now he calls upon the great American
Congress to exercise its remedial power in per-
mitting him to make application to the Com-
missioner of Patents to permit him to make
this extension. [Cries of "All right—we'll
pass it."] Then, sir, I demand the previous
question.
