4020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Juir2ii
The-previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third .time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, demanded
the previous question on the passage of the
bill. . . ,
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
House proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Iowa that he allow us to have an
evening session.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman will
not object, for if wo are to adjourn at the time
which has been fixed on by the House, it is in-
dispensably necessary that we have evening
sessions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the resolution of the House providing for even-
ing sessions makes no provision for evening
sessions on Saturday. It would require, there-
fore, unanimous consent.
Mr. FINCK. I object.
The motion of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, was
then agreed to.
GOVERNMENT EXPENDITURES.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury in reply to a resolu-
tion of the House oftiio Oth instant, transmit-
ting a statement of receipts and expenditures
from July I, 1805, to March 1, 18G6, and an
estimated statement from March 1, 1866, to
June 30, 1SGG; which was laid upon the table
and ordered to be printed.
BE1DGIXO 01? THE MISSISSIPPI.
The House then proceeded in execution of its
order to the consideration of the business upon
the Speaker's table, the first business being bill
of the Senate No. 236, to authorize the construc-
tion of certain bridges, and to establish them
as post roads, returned from the Senate with
amendments to the amendments of the House.
Mr. ALLEY. I believe there is no objec-
tion to the_amendments proposed by the Sen-
ate. I believe both the friends and opponents
of this measure concur in them. I therefore
move the previous question on the amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments of the Senate to
the amendments of the House were agreed to.
Mr. MOULTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
to the amendments of the House were agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRANSPORTATION. OF DISCHARGED SOLDIERS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the unanimous eon-
sent of the House to introduce and put upon
its passage a bill which I am sure no gentle-
man here will object to. It is a bill to author-
ize the Secretary of War to furnish transporta-
tion to discharged soldiers to whom artificial
limbs are furnished by the Government. Let
me state that the Secretary has no power un-
der the law as it now exists to furnish this
transportation to discharged soldiers. The bill
I offer embraces not more than five or six
lines, giving him this power. It certainly will
occupy no time, and I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for its consideration now.
No objection being made, the bill was re-
ceived and read a first and second time. It
authorizes and directs the Secretary of War to
furnish to discharged soldiers of the United
States, disabled in the service, transportation
to and from their homes and the places where
they are*required to go to obtain the artificial
limbs provided for them under the authority
of law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third, time and passed.
Hi. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and,also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTURED REBEL FLAGS.
Mr. KETC1JAM. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a joint resolution in
relation to certain flags captured during the
late war. I make this request at the request of
the Secretary of War.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be read for information, after which it will be
considered if there is no objection.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the Secretary of War to transfer from the War
Department to the Executives of the several
States, for safe-keeping, the rebel flags cap-
tured during the late war, sending to each State
such flags as were captured by the volunteer
regiments from those States.
No objection was made.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. HOTCHKISS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. ELEANOR C. RANSOM.
The House then resumed the execution of the
order to proceed to business on the Speaker's
table; the next business being Senate amend-
ment to the bill of the House No. 709, for the
relief of Mrs. Eleanor C. Ransom. The amend-
ment of the Senate was to decrease the sum
appropriated from ยง500 to $400, as a compen-
sation for care and attendance upon sick and
wounded soldiers while on a vessel of the Uni-
ted States.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
RAILROAD COMPANY, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
were the amendments of the Senate to House
bill No. 230, to extend the charter of the Alex-
andria and Washington railroad, passed March
3,1808.
The amendments of the Senate were read, as
follows:
Strike out all of section one, after the word "'au-
thorized" in lino six, and also all of section two
down to and including the word "authorized" hi
lino two, in the following words:
To extend said railroad from the track as now laid,
or as the same may hereafter bo laid, through Mary-
land avenuo at the intersection of Sixth street west,
through and along said Sixth street west in a north-
erly direction to a point at or near its intersection
with Pennsylvania avenue which may be suitable
for the location and construction of a depot for the
rcceipt and discharge of passengers and freight.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That said railroad
company be, and the same is hereby, authorized.
So that tho first section will read:
lie It enacted c&c., That the Washington, Alexan-
dria, and Georgetown Railroad Company, a corpora-
tion lawfully succeoding to the charter, rights, and
privileges of the Alexandria and Washington Rail-
road Company, be, and the same is hereby author-
ized to extend said railroad from the track, as the
same is now or may hereafter be laid, through Mary-
land avenuS at its intersection with Virginiaavenue,
through and along said Virginia avenue in an east-
erly direction to its intersection with D street south;
thence along D street and across the Washington
canal, to ISTew Jersey avenuo; thence by a curve to
the left, of not less than one thonsandfeet. radius, to
a point in square number seven hundred and thirty-
two; thence by an underground excavation or tun-
nel, passing under squares number seven hundred
and thirty-two, seven hundred and sixty-two, seven
hundred and sixty-one, seven hundred and sixty,
seven hundred and eighty-seven, seven hundred and
eighty-six, eight hundred andsixteen, eight hundred
and fifteen, eight hundred and thirty-nine, eight
hundred and thirty-eight, eight hundred and sixty-
six, eight hundred and sixty-five, eight hundred and
sixty-four, and the (litteren l streets and avenues in-
tervening, to a point in square number eight hun-
dred and ninety three; thonoo, by a curve of not less
than one thousand feet radius, into Eighth street
east; thence by the most direct and eligible route to
an intersection with the Washington branch of the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
In section [three] two, lines six and seven, strike
out the words " Sixth street, and also at its intersec-
tion with," so that the section will road:
SeC.3. Andbeit further,enacted, That the provisions
of sections three and four of the act to which this is
an amendment shall be applicable to tho extension
of said road or tracks as hereby authorized, and that
it shall be lawful for said company to construct a draw
or other bridge across the Washington canal at its
intersection with D street south, of such plans and
dimensions as, may be approved by the corporation
ofWashington, andsoasnotto interfere with thenavi-
gation of said canal. -And also to use steam power in
the transportation of passengers and freight over said:
railroad and branches, subject, however, to such re-
strictions and regulations as may be imposed by the
ctJrporate authorities of the city of Washington in
rcspect to such portion thereof as may be located in
said city.
Insert as section three, the following:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the consent
of Congress bo. and'thesamo is hereby, granted for
a period of eighteen months from tho passage of this
act to tho Alexandria, Washington, and Georgetown
Railroad Company, to use steam power in drawing
tho cars of said company on the structure across the
Potomac river erected by said company under the
provisions of the act entitled "An act to extend the
charter of the Alexandria and Washington Railroad
Company, and for other purposes," approved March
3,1863, and along the railway now laid by said com-
pany, or which may be hereafter laid, under the pro-
visions of the said act, along Maryland avenue and
First street west, in the city of Washington, to the
present depot of the Washington branch of the Bal-
timore and Ohio railroad, subject always, and in all
particulars, to such restrictions and regulations con-
cerning the use of such steam power as the corpora-
tion of the city of Washington may, by its ordinances,
at anytime impose on the railroad company: Pio-
vided, That, the said company shall not propel their
engines at agreatcr rate of speed than five miles per
hour within the corporate limits of Washington city.
Strike out the fourth and fifth sections of the bill,
as follows:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said rail-
road company shall be required to pay any and all
damages that may result to private property from tho
extension of said road, and the tunneling under tho
several lots and squares of ground as heietofore pro-
vided. and that in the event the owner or owners of
such property and the said company cannot agree aa
to the amount of such damages, or the value of any
private property so appropriated for the purposes of
such extension of said road, such proceedings shall
thereupon be bad for the appropriation and assess-
ment of the damages thereof as are authorized and
required under the laws now in force in the District
of Columbia regulating appropriations and assess-
mentof damages for opening roads, streets, and alleys
in said District. That upon the payment to the owner
or owners of the amount of suck award of damages,
or the lawful tender thereof, together with the pay-
ment of all costs of such proceedings, the said ictti-
pany shall acquire the right to use and occupvi'sr the
purposes of said railroad all such lands so appropri-
ated, in such a m.iiner as may be necessary for the
proper working and running of said road.
SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That if, at any
time, any other railroad company shall or may de-
sire to use and occupy the said tunnel so authorized
by this act, either on the same track or another one
along-side thereof, any such company shall have the
rightto do so upon such fair and reasonable terms as
may be agreed upon by said parties to such joint oc-
cupancy. In ease parties cannot agree on terms, tho
supreme court of the District of Columbia shall fix
the terms.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move the amendments
of the Senate be concurred in ; and upon that
motion I call the previous question.
The previous questipn was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments of the Senate were
concurred in.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in ; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOUSE OP CORRECTION.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
were Senate amendments to House bill No.
379, to establish in the District of Columbia a
Reform School for boys.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
In section one, lines four, five, and six, strike out
the words an institution for the instruction, im-
nrovernent, and reformation of juvenile offenders to
be called the Reform School for boys," and in lieu
thereof insert the words " a fit and convenient house
of correction, suitably and efficiently ventilated, with
convenient yards, workshops, and other suitable ac-
commodations adjoining or appurtenant thereto, for
the safe-keeping, correction, governing, and employ-
ing of offenders legally committed thereto by author-
ity of the courts aud Magistrates of the District of
Columbiast> that tho section will read:
