THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Decenibcr 19,
Naval Asylum for the relief of totally disabled'
officers and men of the volunteer forces of the
United States, praying for a modification of the
act" of incorporation, and particularly the repeal
of the sixth section, which provides that "no
site for said asylum, or plan of buildings, shall
be adopted or agreed upon until after $500,000
shall have been first subscribed or donated, and
paid into the treasury of the corporation;''
■which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of soldiers
of the late war, praying for an equalization of
the bounties of those who first responded to
their country's call with those who enlisted near
the close of the war; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the memorial of Joseph
C. G.Kennedy, Superintendent of the seventh
and eighth Censuses, remonstrating against the
erasure of his name and the suppression of the
printed preface prepared by him for the volume
on Manufactures of the eighth census, and the
insertion of "certain inappropriate preliminary
views" by James M. Edmunds, Commissioner
of the General Land Office ; which was referred
to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. RIDDLE presented the memorial of
Reynolds Driver, first assistant engineer Uni-
ted States Navy, in behalf of himself and other
surviving officers of the United States iron-clad
Patapseo, praying for indemnity for losses sus-
tained by them in the sinking of that vessel in
Charleston roads, South Carolina, on the 15th
of January, 18(55; which was referred to the
. Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial
of Robert B. Riell, lieutenant in the United
States Navy, praying that he may bo promoted
to the rank and place of commander in the
Navy; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a petition
of citizens of Maine, praying that soldiers who
received pensions in consequence of injuries
received in the war of 1812, may be allowed
back pay from the date of their discharge to
the date of their pension certificate, submitted
an adverse report thereon, and asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
subject; which was agreed to.
XAVAL PJCXS10XS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 2-1) to amend section live of an act enti-
tled "An act supplementary to an act entitled
'An act to grant pensions,' approved July 4,
1804," report it back without amendment and
recommend its passage. I ask for its present
consideration ; it is simply to supply a defect in
the pension law passed at the last session.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committoe of the Whole. It pro-
poses to amend section five of (lie act entitled
"An act supplementary to an act entitled 'An
act to grant pensions/ approved July 4,18(31,"
by adding after the word " military""the words
"or naval," so that the section shall, as
amended, read, "that all persons now by law
entitled to a less pension than hereafter speci-
fied, who shall have lost both feet in the mili-
tary or naval service of the United States, and
in the line of duty, shall be entiiled to a pen-
sion of twenty dollars per month: and those
who, under the same conditions, have lost both
hands, or both eyes, shall be entitled to a pen-
sion of twenty-five dollars a month.''
The bill was reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading; and
it was read the third time, and passed.
COMMAXDIiUS JIEYXOLTJS A XL) AYOOLSi'Y.
Mr. GRIMBS. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, if) whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (S. ii\ No. -Jl for the restoration of Com-
manders "William Reynolds and Melancton IS.
Wooisey, of the United States Navy, to the
active list from the icseued list, rrport it back
and recommend its passage. I ask that it be
considered now.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the President to nom-
inate, and by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate to appoint,, Commanders William
Reynolds and Melancton B. Wooisey to the
active list of the Navy.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. In order that the Senate
may know exactly the reasons why this prop-
osition has been made, 1 submit, and ask to
have read, a letter from the Secretary of the
Navy on the subject.
The Secretary read the following communi-
cation :
Navy Department, "December 8,18G5.
Sik I have the honor to submit herewith the form
of a joint resolution for the restoration of Command-
ers William Bcynolds and Melancton IS. Wooisey,
United States Navy, to the active list, prepared in
conformity to precedent.
These officers, under the act "to promote the effi-
ciency of the Kavy," dated 28th February, 1855, weie
l>laeed on the l-eseryedlist solely for physical disability.
.Since that period thccause has been removed, as at-
tested by several medical surveys held in thoir cases,
and both of them have performed promptly and effi-
ciently their duties at sea during the late rebellion,
as the reports of their commanding officers amply
show.
'the cases of these officers are exceptional ones, and
there are no other claims to restoration from that list
resting on similar or just grounds.
Very respectfully,
GIDEON WELLES,
rr Secretary of tlx Aavu.
Hon. .Tames w. Grimes,
Chairman JS'enjrd Cvnnaittee, United States Sc.iate.
The joint resolution was passed.
NAVY REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
three thousand copies of the Navy Register, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-,
ment, and to ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution, as follows:
llnohrd, That three thousand copies of the Navy
Register of the United States for the year 18(55 bo
printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. I deshe to be informed by
the chairman of the Committee on Printing as
to^the necessity of printing three thousand copies
of the Navy Register for the use of the Senate.
Up to within the last three years there never
was any Naval Register printed for the use of
the Senate. I think I was here three years be-
fore any was ordered to bo printed. We always
received one copy from the Department, and I
apprehend that thnt was about as large a num-
ber of copies as Senators had any use for. and
about as many as they will have any use for in
the future. 1 confess that I have no use for the
number that are allotted to nte. I have two or
three years' stock on hand now, I think.
Air. CLARK. Move to strike out three thou-
sand and insert one thousand.
Mr. GRIMES. I will say, furthermore, that
it is a rule of the Navy Department to send one
copy of the Naval Register to every naval offi-
cer. During this year it is possible that the
copies may not have reached each naval officer,
but there arc enough printed by the Department
to supply all the copies that are needed for the
use oi the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, and for each naval officer, and leave some
surplus, without any action of the Senate. I
move to amend the resolution by striking out
three thousand and inserting five hundred.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am quite indifferent
whether the Senate amend the resolution as
proposed by the Sonaiorfrom fowa. orwhoilier
any extra numbers at all are printed This doc-
ument has been printed over since the com-
mencement of the war, and this is the last that
will be if sued containing the name.-, of the offi-
cers who have served in the war.
Mr. (ilUA KK. ! h.-\'u\nl tletdsferthntwill be
printed now will contain the names of the oiii-
cei> in r*ervice on the 1st day of Jaimarv next,
but will not contain the names of the volunteer j
office? s and tren who ha\c been in the wai, a '
large proportion of whom have gone out of the
service.
Mr. ANTHONY. This will be the last rec-
ord of the personnel of the Navy during the
war. The Naval Register has been printed
everj' year during the war. The Senate have
always printed it, and the same reason why it
was printed before (which I think was a good
one) prevails now. The Department prints
enough of the document to supply copies to the
regular officers of the Navy, hut does not print
enough to supply the volunteer officers of the
Navy with copies. They all like to have this
Register. It is an honorable thing for a man
who has served in the N avy to preserve and
hand down to his children. The expense of
printing it, the type being already set, will be
very moderate. 1 think the cost of printing the
Naval Register will be but five or six hundred
dollars. Thesearethereasonswhiehinducedthe
committee to recommend the printing of it, the
same as it has always been recommended, and
as the Senate has always agreed to before. I
am in favor of a larger number than five hun-
dred certainly. If the Senator from Iowa pro-
poses fifteen hundred 1 shall make no objection
to that.
Mr. CLARK. Say one thousand.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will say whatever the
Senate choose.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing to modify my
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. To what?
Mr. GRIMES. To one thousand.
Mr. ANTHONY. Sayfifteenhundred. Mr.
President, the Senator from Iowa proposes
fifteen hundred, and 1 agree to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Iowa as
modifying his amendment? The motion is to
amend the i evolution by striking out "three
thousand and inserting " five hundred.''
Mr. ANTHONY. Fifteen hundred was the
amendment. The Senator from Iowa modi-
fied his amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
asked the Senator from Iowa whether he so
modified his amendment, but did not get any
response, and supposed, therefore, that it was
not modified. Does the Chair understand the
Senator from Iowa as modifying his amend-
ment ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I spoke to the Senator
from Iowa, and he agreed to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the number pro-
posed by the Committee on Printing?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Three
thousand.
Mr. JOHNSON. And it is now proposed
to make it fifteen hundred?
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion to amend is to strike out '' throe thousand''
and insert "five hundred."
Mr. ANTHONY. Fifteen hundred.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not so understand the motion.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 agree to it.
The PRESIDENT pro temp>ore. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Iowa to so
modify his motion ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir ; at the suggestion
of the Senator from Rhode Island.
The PRESIDENT pro lentpore. Then the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Iowa to amend the resolution by striking out
" three thousand " and inserting "fifteenhun-
dred."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
PAPERS WITIIDPvAWX.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers of
rviina J3arel.iy be taken from the fitcs of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of i\rr. JOHNSON, it was
Onh r'd, That the petition and other papers of
Ilenr> li'o do La lleirdrie be taken from the file? of
tiiCsSeuate and reterred to the Committee on Claim-*.
lULI.fi IXTllODL'CKD.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
conscnt obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
