1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3061
moval of these Indians without an order from,
llie President.
Mr. BURLEIGH. In a matter of this kind,
I presume, sir, that the President answers the
purpose of one of those metallic franking
stamps used by members of Congress, [laugh-
ter;] that whenever a document is taken to
him by a Cabinet officer, or by the Commis-
sioner, connected with his particular Depart-
ment, the officer tells him that he has investi-
gated the matter, and the President writes
upon it "A. Johnson," taking it for granted
that the matter is all honest and right.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Does the gen-
tleman mean to insinuate that the President is
simply a machine in the hands of the heads
of the Departments?
Mr. BURLEIGH. Nothing of the kind, sir;
but I suppose that when the President is sat-
isfied," by the representations of his Cabinet
officers, that a paper presented to him is right,
especially if it is a long and voluminous doc-
ument, he affixes his name, relying on their
good faith and assurances.
Mr. IIUBBAIID, of Iowa. Why, then, does
not the gentleman level the thunderbolts of his
wrath against the President, and not against
the head of the Interior Department?
Mr. BURLEIGH. For the very reason that
the President has a confidential clerk, in the
person of the Secretary of the Interior, to whom
he has intrusted these matters, and who, he
has every reason to believe, from the position
he occupies, will discharge the duties of his
position faithfully and honestly. But I take it
for granted he will not labor under that misap
prehension much longer.
But, sir, I go on with the line of remark in
which J was interrupted.
Now, sir, if this statement, is true, T ask you
why it is that these people were driven en masse
from that State by its indignant and outraged
citizens. Why were they forced to abandon
their homes, their comfortable dwellings, and
rich lands there if this assertion be correct?
This statement of the Secretary of the Interior
cannot be true, but is intended to deceive and
mislead the people into whose midst he has
been instrumental in forcing these savages.
Here is an extract from his report to the Pres-
ident of December 4, 1865:
"It is difficult to maintain peaceful relations with
the Indians in Minnesota. The terrible massacre of
the white inhabitants in the year lSt>2 is fresh in the
memory of the country. The intense exasperation
which followed led in that State to a policy, which
has also prevailed to some extent in several of our
organized Territories, inducing a personal predatory
waifarc between the frontier citizens, emigrants, and
minors, and isolated bands of Indians belonging, in
many instances, to tribes at peace with the Govern-
ment. This awakens a spirit of retaliation, inciting
atrocious acts of violence, which, oft repeated, result
in irreparable disasters to both races."
The Secretary states in his communication
to mo which [ have just read, "and it is known
that for the last four years those Indians who
had previously manifested hostility have con-
ducted themselves in the most quiet and friendly
manner." What does the Secretary mean by
this assertion, if it bo not to deceive and mis-
lead the public mind? If he knows anything
at all of the history of these Indians, he knows
that it has not been four years since the mas-
sacre in Minnesota occurred. This being the
case, what credit can attach to his official state-
ment? He cannot be unmindful of the fact
that it was in August, 1862, that these same
Indians, whom he has turned over as a Christ-
ian legacy to our people, commenced and com-
pleted the most gigantic cold-blooded work of
death and desolation that ever befell an Amer-
ican State—less than four years ago, during
which period he says these savages, " who
had previously manifested hostility have con-
ducted themselves in the most friendly man-
ner." Why does not this gentleman, holding
the responsible position which he does in the
Government, state facts as they are known to
exist, and say to the country that these identi-
cal savages, -'who have been so peaceable for
the last four years," have been confined in
prison under a strong military guard—the sen-
tence of death having been passed upon them
for their complicity in that terrible work of
blood? He knows that during the fall of 18G2
and the winter following, as well as in spring,
summer, and fall of 18G3, scarcely a week
passed that the exposed settlers of our frontiers
were not murdered and robbed by the members
of the bands who were driven from Minnesota.
And our citizens are still exposed to and suf-
fering from the depredations of these same
Indians.
Why does not the Secretary or the Commis-
sioner state for the information of the country
that these are the same Indians who commit-
ted the cold-blooded murder of forty-seven
innocent, unprotected citizens at Spirit Lake,
in northwestern Iowa, in the year 1857; and
that in the spring of 1855 these humble, re-
pentant, harmless Sioux murderers, who, in
the language of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, in a late report to the President,
"have atoned for their crimes as no people
have ever made atonement before," returned
to Minnesota, and almost within sight of Man-
kato, murdered in cold blood a whole family,
consisting of seven members?
Instead of concealing the truth in relation
to these important matters, why do not these
public officers openly declare it, and not try
to lull our people into a state of fatal apathy
until they are again aroused by the recurrence
of those terrible scenes of carnage through
which they have been compelled to pass dur-
ing the last nine years?
If any gentleman thinks that I have over-
drawn the horrors of the scenes of suffering
which E have described which have befallen
the inhabitants of our frontiers, 1 will call
upon the loyal and patriotic Senators and
Representatives from Minnesota to correct
me. Let them speak; let the people of their
State speak also. #
Now, sir, 1 ask what all this means? Will
any rational person pretend to say that there
is not a diiect conflict in the meaning and in
the language of these two communications?
Had the Secretary forgotten the contents of his
report to the President when he addressed me
the foregoing communication, or did he sup-
pose that I was ignorant of the former when
he sent me the latter? When before in the his-
tory of this Government lias a Cabinet officer
assumed the responsibility of manufacturing and
perverting history to suit his own necessities?
Is not the fact of "the terrible massacre in Min-
nesota in the summer of 1802 as patent to all
as is that of the great rebellion through which
the nation has just passed? Can the special
pleading of any officer of the Government for
special purposes" blind the ej'es and benumb the
sensibilities of either Congress or the nation to
that terrible reality which watered the soil of
half a State with tears and dyed its green fields
with the blood of its citizens?
But 1 assert that there is no authority of law
for this last removal and location of these In-
dians. The act of March 3, 1803, which gives
the only authority for their removal, had al-
ready been exhausted. If it were still in force,
thelocation of these Indians at the mouth of the
Niobrara, would not come within its provisions.
The act provides that the selection of a reser-
vation for their abode shall be upon "unoc-
cupied land;" that it shall consist of "good
agricultural land." Let me read the language
of the act:
"That the President is authorized, and hereby
directed, to fi'sisrn to and set apart for the Sisseton,
Walipaton, Medawakanton, and Wahpakoota bands
of Sioux Indians, a tract of unoccupied land outside
of the limits of any State, sufficient in extent to
enable him to assign to each member of said bands
(who are willing to adopt the pursuit of agriculture)
eighty acres of good agricultural lands, the same to
be well adapted to agricultural purposes."
The tract which has been selected at Nio-
brara is not of this character. All, or nearly
all of the land upon the four townships which
have been withdrawn from market for these
Indians, that is suited to agriculture, has been
sold by the Government, and is now held by
private individuals, except the town site of
Niobrara, which is owned by a company. All
"of the desirable bottom lands, those suited
to cultivation, are owned and many of them
occupied by the citizens of the country. They
can only be possessed by the Government by
purchase, and there is no authority given for
acquiring a title to them by purchase. I have
traveled over these lands and know what I
say to be strictly true ; and I assert that the
Government land upon which these Indians
are now being located is not so well adapted
to agriculture as the lands at Crow Creek, the
place whence they have just been removed.
As the removal and location of these Indi-
ans has been accomplished without authority
of law, and since their condition will in no way
bo improved, while their location close by our
white settlements will retard the settlement
of that country, depreciate the value of both
private and public property, and endanger the
lives of our citizens, 1 must appeal to Con-
gress for the removal of these savages to some
other district of country, where the citizens of
Dakota and northwestern Nebraska will be
relieved from the evils of which tliey now so
justly complain.
Again, I ask, if these Indians are peaceable
and harmless, as is assorted, why not return
them to their native State andlocatcthemnearer
their former homes, upon the fertile soil of
Minnesota? An act of Congress authorizing
the same is all that is required. Why force
them so far from the homes of their childhood,
from the graves of their fathers, into that in-
hospitable country where their sufferings cause
so many heart-yearnings to this Christian phi-
lanthropist? Perhaps a more agreeable resi-
dence is desired for those self-sacrificing her-
alds of the cross who have such a fancy for
savage associations.
There is no principle of law, I suppose, more
firmly or ineoutrovertibly settled, than that a
power of this sort once exercised under the
law conferring it, is exhausted and gone for-
ever—beyond all power of revocation. And
this is as well the award of common reason as
oft.be common law. Any other doctrine would
involve the absurdity of converting a mere
power of selection into a roving commission
without limits and without end. If the first
act of choice is not conclusive, a second would
be no more so. and the title of the beneficiary
would be at all times subject to the caprice
of the donor, and would be in effect no title at
all. Once vested by the selection, if divestible
at all, it can be divested only through the power
of the legislative act. But no man in his senses
could well suppose that it was the intention of
that pow.er to lodge with anybody the privilege
®f shifting its grants ad libitum, and that, too,
after large expenditures incurred iu carrying
them into effect.
If these Indians are not guilty of the terrible
crimes of which they stand charged; if tlicy are
peaceable and friendly, safe members of so-
ciety, where was the justice and humanity ill
depriving them of their former homes and
property in Minnesota, as was done by a sol-
emn act of Congress ? Let me read from th(5
act of February 16, 1863:
"Whereas the United States heretofore became
hound by treaty stipulations t" the >Sifseton, Wah.-
paton, Medawakanton, and Wahpakoota banns ot
the Dakota or Sioux Indians to pay l.i>'?c aiui.? of
money and annuities, tho greater t>or>iur, ->. wntch
remains unpaid accordingto thot°ri-it ui said treaty
stipulations; and whereas during the post year tho
aforesaid bands of Indians made an iir^'r^voked,
aggressive, and most savage war upen inned
States, and massacred a large number ot men, women,
and children within the State of Sxinuc.ota, and
destroyed and damaged a large amount of property,
and thereby have forfeited all jnst. claim to the said
moneys and annuities to the United States; and
whereas it is just and equitable that the persons
wIiopg property h«ts been destroyed ov clamaced by
the said Indians, or destroyed or damaged by the
troops of the United States m said war, should bo
indemnified in whole or in part ont of the_ indebted-
ness and annuities so forieited as aforesaid: lliere-
it enacted 0>/ the Senate and House of Ro-prrtcnt-
utivc9 of ' the United Slate* of America at Conqras
assembled* That all treaties heretofore made and en-
tered into by the Sisseton, Wahpcton, Medawakan-
ton, and Wahpakoota bands of Sioux and Dakota
Indians, or any of them, with the United States, are
hereby declared to be abrogated and annulled, so ivv
as said treaties or any of them purport to impose any
future obligation on the United States, and aU lanub
