1866.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE
lamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fcssenden, Foot,
Foster. Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howe, John-
son of Tennessee, King, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, Latham. Morrill. Nesmith. Pomeroy, Rice,
Sautsbury, Sherman, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, U'acie, Wilkinson, Wilmot, and Wilson."
And now gentlemen pretend to say that act
was intended to cut us off from political asso-
ciation with the State of Tennessee, and to
deprive Tennessee of her representative in this
body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who said that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is the effect of the
argument.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing of that sort
has been said by any one that T know of.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Gentlemen rely on this
act and on the declaration that the State of
Tennessee was in insurrection as a reason why,
until some new act of Congress is passed,
Tennessee cannot send Senators to this body
and Representatives to the other House. My
friend suggests that this is a man of straw. 1
do not think myself that it amounts to much.
Does my friend from Maine admit that there is
no law on the statute-book which cuts off Ten-
nessee from political representation in Con-
gress?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not aware of any.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator says he is
not aware of any. I take his admission. Then
how does the law stand? In 1795 a law was
passed which admitted her into the Union,
declaring that she was entitled to one Repre-
sentative, and every ten years from that time
down to 3 862 a new law has been passed de-
claring how many Representatives Tennessee
was entitled to in the House of Representa-
tives ; and therefore, upon the law as it stands,
by the law of the United States, Tennessee is
this day legally entitled to that number of Rep-
resentatives. The simple question is, whether
the several districts are in a condition to elect
those Representatives? The House of Repre-
sentatives is to judge of that fact. One dis-
trict may have been overrun by a pestilence,
so that they could not hold an election ; it may
have been invaded by a foreign enemy so that
the people could not hold an election; it may
have been broken up in civil war or insurrec-
tion. and in such a condition that the people
could not elect: but the House of Represent-
atives are to judge of those questions as to
each district for itself. How is it in relation
to electing a Legislature ? The Senate is to judge
of that. Senators say that the Senate can
only judge of the elections, qualifications, and
returns of its members.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood several
gentlemen to say that that was all the Senate
could judge of. There have been a great many
things said that I do not remember, but I am
quite sure I have heard that more than once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Nothing of that sort has
been said on this side of the Chamber.
Mr. HOWE. If my colleague is in doubt as
to who said it, I do notundertake to say whether
it has been said; but I am willing to say it now,
and stand responsible for it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that my
colleague says that, substantially, and I under-
stand that the Senator from Illinois, not now
in liis seat, [Mr. Ttiumbcli,,] has said again and
again, and other Senators have said, that all the
Senate can do isto judge of the elections, quali-
fications, and returns of members of this bod}-.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator if he
is not under a mistake about that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not say that the
Senator has said that, but that other Senators
have said so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What gentlemen on
this side have said has been this: that so far
as those questions were concerned, they were
exclusively in the hands of the Senate; but t
am not aware that anybody on this side has
held that there was nothing else the Senate
could judge of except those.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that they
claim that we as a Senate cannot judge beyond
that, and therefore they say that you must have
a law of the two Houses. I understand that
to be precisely the point in. the ease. It was
because the Senate were powerless to go beyond
what arc denominated the elections, returns,
and qualifications of the member that, the Sen-
ator from I llinois argued, as I understood him,
that it was necessary to have the joint action of
both Houses by a joint resolution or an act of
Congress. Now, suppose we were confined just
to those words of the Constitution of the United
States, what do they mean? We are to judge of
the " elections" of Senators. Who elect Sena-
tors? Legislatures. Cananvbodyelseeleetthem
but Legislatures? No. Therefore we are em-
powered by the Constitution to judge whether
there are any Legislatures. Judging of the elec-
tion of Senators of necessity involves the ques-
tion whether there is a Legislature to electthem.
If there is no Legislature to elec^t the Senator,
no election of a Senator can take place. The
Senate is made the judge whether there is an
election or not, and therefore the Senate is to
judge whether there is a Legislature for that
purpose or not. It puts the whole question of
judgment into our hands. Cannot wo judge
whether there was a pestilence prevailing in a
State so that the people could not get together
and elect a Legislature? Cannot we judge
whether a foreign invasion ever overrun a State,
capturing the people and holding them in such
a way that it was utterly impossible for that
people to elect a Legislature? Cannot we judge
whether a civil war is pending in a State by
which the people are rendered powerless to
elect a Legislature? All these things come
under the question of judging of the elections
of members of this body, and the existence of
Legislaiures is involved in the question. There
seems to have been a persistent determination
almost on the part of some not to understand
the point which I have made from the begin-
ning.
Mr. President, when gentlemen suppose that
on our part there is any disposition to letdown
the dignity or the power of this body, or the
control of t.lus body over its membership, they
make a very great mistake. I insist now, a<3
my friend from Maine knows I ha*e insisted
all the time everywhere, publicly and in pri-
vate consultation with our fiiends, that the Sen-
ate is by the Constitution made an independ-
ent department of the Government, so far as
this question is concerned ; and I repudiate the
idea that we must ask the permission of the
House, or the permission of the President, or
the permission of the Supreme Court when we
pass upon the question whether a man shall
enter this Chamber as a member or not. I do
not understand Mr. Lincoln in the proclama-
tion which he issued to take any other ground.
In the very proclamation in which Mr. Lincoln
first announced this reconstruction policy, a
reconstruction policy which he announced upon
consultation with, and by the advice of, every
member of his Cabinet, including Chief justice
Chase, he slated distinctly t'.at it in no way in-
terfered with the power of 'Congress, each House
for itself, to judge of the elections, qualifica-
tions. and returns of its members. Nor lias
the existing President of the United States in
any way questioned thatpower. He concedes
it over and over again in every message and in
every spcech that he has made, each House to
judge for itself, independent of the other.
Mr. HOWE. I wish my colleague would
enlighten mc upon one point. Suppose the
same Legislature elects two Senators, each of
whom has the age, citizenship, and residence
prescribed by the Constitution; do I under-
stand him to say that we can reject one of them
and accept the other?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say that this body has
absolute power over its membership^ and from
its decisions there is no appeal. II they de-
cide right or if they decide wrong, 3*011 are
without remedy, there is no appeal. If two
gentlemen were to come here from Upper Can-
ada and claim that they had a right to seats in
this body, if we admitted them the House
could not help themselves, nor the President
either, nor the Supreme Court. We are just
that independent of all of them, ■ It is a thing*
for us to decide. Hare we no. confidence in,
ourselves, no confidence in our own judgment?
Cannot we take care of our own membership?
Must we ask the consent of the House ? .
Mr. FESSENDEN, Can we admit three
Senators from a State ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why not, if" we can
admit two members from Canada?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not say that we
could rightfully do that; it would be revolu-
tionary to do it; but .if we did it? what could
the House do about it? What I said was,that
if we did it, neither the House nor the- Presi-
dent could do anything about it.
Mr. JOHNSON. IftheSenatorwillpcrcmtme
to interrupt him, perhaps he has gone further
than he intends. The authority to judge of the
qualifications, elections, and returns of a mem-
ber applies to those who may be elected by the
States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand that. Take
the case of Colorado. The question is whether
Colorado is in or out of the Union. Some say
that she is not. Perhaps somebody might get
up an argument that she is. Suppose that we
should admitthe two gentlemen now here from
Colorado, and place their names upon our roll
and tell the Clerk to call them, what could the
House do about it? What could the President
do about it ? I say it is a question which we
control, and a question upon which our opin-
ions and decisions are absolute, and from which
there is no appeal. Therefore I reject the
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky that
the President can judge and put members into
this body just as I reject this proposition that
we have no right to admit Senators from Ten-
nessee until the Ilonse shall choose to do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not the prop-
osition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is the substance
of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; it is not the
substance of it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand it in effect
to declarc that.
Mr. DxlV IS. I am not satisfied that the hon-
orable Senator should misunderstand me. I
have made no such statement as he intimates.
I have not said, nor intimated, that the Presi-
dent, has any right whatever over the member-
ship of the Senate or the House of Represent-
atives. I do not believe any such thing. What
I said was simply this: that if the two Houses
were to divide themselves into four bodies and
were to get to contending which was the true
House and which was the true Senate, the
President would have the right to ascertain
which was the true House and which was the
true Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If such a thing should
happen, which God in His mercy I hope will
always prevent, that the Senate should be di-
vided, aud one portion should go into one room
and another into another, each claiming to be
the Senate, I suppose the House of Represent-
atives could direct its Clerk to go to one body
and not go to the other, and I do not know but
the President of the United States would have
the power, in case of such a division, to send
his Private Secretary with messages to one body
and not send them to the other. Perhaps that
might occur, but it is one of those cases that
are not to be supposed or to be tolerated.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is revolutionary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is revolutionary, and
it is not to be supposed for one rnoment that
any such thing could occur in this body. (
Mr. GRIMES. Revolutionary on whose side?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On the side of the Sen-
ate to divide in that way.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the Senator
from Kentucky to take the position that if the
twenty-two Senators from the excluded rebel
States shall come here and unite with six or
eight or ten gentlemen on the other side, and
constitute a majority, then it would be proper
for the President of "the United States to recog-
nize them as the legitimate Senate of the Uni-
