1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4021
That there shall be established in the District of
Columbia, oil the traetof land known as tho Govern-
ment farm, a fit and convenient house of correction,
suitably and efficiently ventilated, with convenient
yards, workshops, and other suitable accommoda-
tions adjoining or appurtenant thereto, for the safe-
keeping, correction, governing, and employing ol
offenders legally committed thereto by. authority ot
the courts and magistrates of tne District of Colum-
bia: Provided, That the building already erected on
that land for the purpose of establishing a similar
institution, togetherwith all theother property there
collected for the same purpose, shall be transferred
to tho trustees appointed according to the provisions
of this act, at a cost not exceeding $1,500.
In section four strike out the word. to," in lines
three,six, and eight respectively, and in lieu thereof
insert "they may;" so that tho section will road:
That it shall be tho duty of tho said board of trustees
to take charge of the general interests of the institu-
tion ; they may appoint a superintendent, aisteward,
a teacher, or teachers, and such other officers as may
be found necessary, and may be approved by the Sec-
retory of the Interior; they may fix the salaries of
said officers, subject to the approval of the Secretary
of tho Interior; they may prepare such by-laws as
may be necessary to regulate and direct tho manage-
ment of the institution, which, however, shall not be
valid until approved by the Secretary of the Interior;
and exercise a vigilant supervision over the institu-
tion, its officers, and its inmates.
Strike out "Reform School" wherever these words
occur in tho bill, and insert "House of Correction."
In section eight, lines six and seven, strike out
"a term of time not less than one year and not to
exceed the period of his minority," and insert ' his
sentence;" so as to read:
That when any boy under the age of fourteen years
is found guiity in a court in the Dif-lricl of Columbia
of aDy crime punishable byimprisonmentothortlian
imprisonment for life, he shal! be committed to the
said Ilouse of Correction, and there held in custody
of the superintendent for the term of his sentence, &c.
Strike out. tho following proviso at the close of the
eiffhth section of tho bill:
Prodded, however. That nothing, in this act shall
be so construed as to prevent the discharge from the
Bciorm School, by tho trustee, of any boy, as re-
formed, whenever in their judgment he ought to be
so dischaiged. ,
Strike out the ninth section of the bill, in these
words: 1
Sue. 9. And be it further enacted, That any boy
under the a^o of fifteen years, residing in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, who maybe broughtbyhisparents
or guardian before the judge of the orphan's court,
or either of the judges of tho supreme court of the
District of Columbia, and there shown to be habitu-
ally disorderly, and defiant of the control of his
parents or guardians, or for any sufficient reasons
greatly in need of a stronger and more wholesome
restraint and discipline, shall by said judge be com-
mitted to the Reform School, there to remain for
such a term of time as the trustees may deem best,
not to exceed tho period of his minority.
Strike out the fourteenth section, in these words:
Sue. 14. And be it further enacted, That every boy
committed to the Reform School shali bo there re-
tained, governed, instructed, and employed, under
the direction of tho trustees, until tho expiration of
the term for which lie was committed to the.school,
unless sooner dischnrged by the trustees ns reformed;
and the discharge of a boy as reformed, or on his
arriving at the age of twenty-one years, shall bo. a
complete release from all penalties and disabilities
created by tho sentence.
In section sixteen, lines twenty-three to twenty-
eight, strike out the words, "the Secretary of the
Interior shall secure an assessment of taxes in such
delinquent city or county sufficient to cover tho
amount required and the expenses of collecting the
same, and appoint a collector, who shall collect the
taxes assessed in such manner as shall be prescribed
by tho Secretary of the Interior," and in lieu thereof
insert the words, " tho party so making default shall
be liable to summary proceedings before tho supreme
court of tho District of Columbia, ot the instance of
the United States attorney for said District, to enforce
the same, with interest thereon after tho date of do-
fault:" so as to make the section read:
That for the purpose of securing a transfer of the
building and othor property to the trustees, prepar-
ing tho premises and building for occupancy, and for
the payment of oth.er necessary expenses, there is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $12,000,
to bo paid only on the order of the Secretary of the
Interior: Provided, That $6,000 of said appropria-
tion is hereby declared to bo the sum that shall be
assessed and paid by the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, and the county of Washington; and. it
shall bo tho duty of the proper authorities of the oily
of Washington to raise, by tax orotherwise, and pay
into the Treasury of tho United States, at or before
tho time when the premises shall be ready for occu-
pancy by the House of Correction, the sum of $1,500;
and it shall be the duty of tho proper authorities of
the city of .Georgetown to raise and pay in like man-
ner the sum of Sl.OOO; and it shall be the duty of the
proper authorities of the county of Washington to
raise and pay in iiko manner the sum of S500; and
in case of default of such payment into the Treasury
of the United States by either of said cities or by the
said county of Washington, the party so making de-
fault shall be liable to summary proceedings before
the supreme court of the District, of Columbia, at the
instance of tho United States attorney for said Dis-
trict, to enforce the same, with interest thereon after
the dale of default.
Amend the titlo of tho bill by striking out the
words "Reform School" and inserting the words
" House of CorreetioA."
Mr. ING-KRSOLL. I move the amendments
of tho Senate be concurred in ; and upon that
motion I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RELIGIOUS GIFTS AND DEVISES.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to House bill
No. 504, to annul the thirty-fourth section of
the declaration of rights of the State of Mary-
land so far as it applies to the District of Co-
lumbia.
The amendment of the Senate was to add to
the bill the following:
Provided, That in the caso of gifts the same shall be
made at least one calendar month before the death
of the donor or testator.
The amendment was concurred in.
DITCHES AND CANALS IN PACIFIC STATES.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to House bill
No. 365, granting the right of way to ditch and
canal owners over the public lands in the States
of California, Oregon, and Nevada.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Mr. Speaker,
this bill as originally introduced, had relation
to mining ditches in the mining districts of the
States of California, Oregon, and Nevada.
The amendment of tho Senate proposes to
extend the provisions of the bill to some other
matters relating to mining. The bill, as
amended by the Senate, is substantially Senate
bill No. 257, which has already been passed
by that body and is now pending before the
Committee on Public Lands of this Hawse. A
bill precisely similar in form was introduced in
this House by the gentleman fiom California,
[Mr. Hicby,] and having been referred'^o the
Committee on Mines and Mining has \})een
unanimously agreed toby that committee. ^Ehe
Committee on Territories of this House have
the same question before them, and concur in
the propriety of such a measure.
The bill as now before the House has rela-
tion simply to the manner in which the men
now working mineral lands in our section of
country shall secure their titles thereto. It is
a measure which receives the approval of all
the Representatives of the States interested.
It is a measure of the utmost importance to
the people on the Pacific coast. We have been
without a regular system of law there for sev-
enteen or eighteen years. There has grown up
a sort of common law, which has been recog-
nized by our courts. It has answered our pur-
poses. Under it our country has grown up,
producing for the nation sixty or seventy mil-
lion dollars annually. We now simply ask
that the rights which have grown up under that
system shall be secured to us.
Sir, as this question cannot be very fully
discussed at this late stage of the session, I
ask tho gentlemen to have some confidence in
the united delegation from the Pacific coast.
We have no interest as against the United
States. On the contrary, our interest is all
with the United States. As to the peculiar
mode of disposing of the public lands to min-
ers in our section of the country, the members
from that region are better entitled to speak
than men who have never dug the soil, as have
most of the Representatives from the Pacific
coast. I trust that the amendment of the Sen-
ate will be concurred in, and I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Yes, sir.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to ask whether by
this bill the sovereignty of the United States,
in regulation of the production of the gold of
its mines, is taken away as completely as its
sovereignty over other lands which are sold is
taken away?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. It is not taken
away. The bill simply legalizes the rights of
the men who occupy that land, subject to the
ultimate disposition of the United States.
Mr. KASSON. Then, if I understand the
gentleman, we can, notwithstanding the passage
of this bill, at any time regulate the use that
shall be made of the mineral; that is to say, we
can oblige the miners to develop the mineral
at so much per year for so many years.
Mr. JULIAN. No, sir; there is nothing of
the kind in the bill.
Mr. KASSON. I wisk to know whether the
fee is transferred.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. In answer to
the gentleman from Iowa, I ask for the read-
ing of the last section of the bill as amended.
The SPEAKER. The whole amendment
must be read, unless the reading be waived by-
unanimous consent.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to move the refer-
ence of the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands, which now has the subject before it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ne-
vada is entitled to the floor, and gives way for
the reading of the amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following: ,
That the mineral lands of the public domain, both
surveyed and unsurvoyed, are hereby declared to bo
free and open to exploration and occupation by all
citizens of the United States, and those who have
dcclaied their intention to become citizens, subject
to such regulations as may be prescribed by law, and
subject also to the local custom or rules of miners in
the several mining districts, so far as the same may
not be in conflict with the laws of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatwheneverany
person or association of persons claim a vein or lode
of quartz, or other rock in place, bearing gold, silver,
cinnabar, or copper, having previously occupied and
improved the same according to the local custom or
rules ot miners in the district where the same is situ-
ated, and having expended in actual labor and im-
pi ovements thereon an amount of not less than $1,000,
and in regard to whose possession there is no contro-
versy or opposing claim, it shall and may be lawful
for said claimant or association of claimants to file
in the local land office a diagram of the same, so ex-
tended laterally or otherwise as to conform to tho
local laws, customs, or rules of miners, and to enter
such tract and receive a patent therefor, granting
such mine, togetherwith the right to folio w such vein
or lode with its dips, angles, and variations, to any
depth, although it may enter the Iand# adjoining,
which land adjoining shall be sold subject to this
condition. . . ,,
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That upon the
filing of the diagram as provided in the second sec-
tion of this act, and posting tho same in a conspicu-
ous place on the claim, together with a> notice of
intention to apply for a patent, the register of the
land office shall publish a notice of the same m a
newspaper published nearest to the location ot said
claim, and shall also post such notice in his office for
the period of ninety days; and after the expiration
of said period, if no adverse claim shall have been
filed, it shall be the duty of the surveyor general,
upon application of the party, to survey the prem-
ises and make a plat thereof, indorsed with his ap-
proval, designating the number and description of
the location, the value of the labor and improve-
ments, and the character of the vein exposed; and
upon the payment to the proper officer 01 five dollars
per acre, together with the cost of such survey, plat,
and notice, and giving satisfactory evidence that said
diagram and notice have been posted on the claim
during said period of ninety days, the register of the
land office shall transmit to the General Land Onice
said plat, survey, and description; and a patent shall
issue for the same thereupon. But said plat, survey,
or description shall in no case coyer more than one
vein or lode, and no patent shall issue for more than
one vein or lode, which shall be expressed m the
patent issued. , , , ,
Sku. 4. And be it further enacted, That when such
location and entry of a. mine shall be upon unsur-
voyed lands, it shall and may be lawful, alter the ex-
tension thereto of the public surveys, to adjust tne
surveys to the limits of the premises according to too
location and possession and plat aforesaid, and the
surveyor general may, in extending the surveys,
vary the same from a rectangular form to suit tne
circumstances of the country and the local rules,
laws.,and customs of miners: Provided, rhatno loca-
tion hereafter made shall exceed two
in length along the vein for each
additional claim for discovery to the discoverer oi thG
lode, with the right to follow such vein tojmy depth,
with all its dips, variations, and together with
a reasonable quantity of surface for conyeriierit
working of the same as fixed by local rules.. Ana
provided further. That no person may)mako more
than one location on the same lode, and not more
than three thousand feet shall betaken m any ono
claim by any association of persons. r ,,
Sec. 5. And be it further cnaetcd, That as a further
