THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Mr. FESSENBKN". I hope that will not be
agreed to. I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered 5 and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 28: as follows:
YEAS—Mcssrs. Buckalew, Cragin, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Po-
land, Ramsey, Kiddle, Stockton, Van Winkle, and
"Willey—13.
NAxS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Conness, Cowan,
CreswclL Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessendcn, Toot,
Foster, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe. Lane of
Indiana, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Pomeroy, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, "Wade, Wil-
liams, and Wilson-—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Grimes, Nes-
mith, Norton, Sumner, Wright, and Yates—8.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Anthony was agreed
to 5 and the resolution, as amended, was con-
curred in, as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That when the
two Houses of Congress adjourn on the 21st instant,
they adjourn to meet on the 3d of January next.
JOINT COMMITTEE O'S RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the members
on the part of the Senate of the joint commit-
tee to consider the condition of the States lately
an rebellion be appointed by the President pro
tempore.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
* Mr. ANTHONY. I now offer the following
resolution, and I ask for its present considera-
tion :
llesolved, That until otherwise ordered, all papers
presented to the Senate relating to the condition and
title to representation of the so-calicd confederate
States, shall be referred to the joint committee upon
that subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the pres-
ent consideration of the resolution objected to ?
Mr. COWAN. It is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie
over under the rules.
CONDITION OF SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. COWAN. I understand that the reply
of the President of the United States to a reso-
lution of this body passed on the 12th instant,
is now on the table. I ask that it be read.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Chair
lays before the Senate the message referred to;
and it will be read.
The Secretary read the message, as follows;
To the Senate-of the United States :
In reply to the resolution adopted by the Sen-
ate on the 12th instant, I have the honor to
state that the rebellion waged by a portion
of the people against the properly-constituted
authorities of the Government of the Uniied
States has been suppressed 5 that the United
States are in possession of every State inwhigh
the insurrection existed ; and that, as far as
could be done, the courts of the United States
have been restored, post offices reestablished,
and steps taken to put into effective operation
the revenue laws of the country.
As the result of the measures instituted by
the Executive, with the view of inducing a
resumption of the functions of the States com-
prehended in the inquiry of the Senate, the
pcopleinNorthCarolina. South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas,
and Tennessee, have reorganized their respect-
ive State governments, and "'are yielding obe-
dience to the laws and Government of the Uni-
ted States'; with more willingness and greater
promptitude than under the circumstances could
reasonably have been anticipated. The pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution, prodd-
ing for ^ the abolition of slavery forever within
the limits of the country, has been ratified by
eaeh_one of those States, with the exception' of
Mississippi, from which no official information
has yet been received; and in nearly all of
theni measures have been adopted or are now
pending, to confer upon freedmen rights and
privileges which are essential to their comfort,
protection- and security. In Florida and Texas
the people are making commendable progress j
in restoring their State governments *and no {
doubt is entertained that they will at an early |
period be in a condition to resume all of their
practical relations to the Federal Government.
In "that portion of the Union lately in re-
bellion '' the aspect of affairs is more promis-
ing than, in view of all the circumstances, could
well have been expected. The people through-
out the entire South evince a laudable desire to
renew their allegiance to the Government, and
to repair the devastations of war by a prompt
and cheerful return to peaceful pursuits. An
abiding faith is entertained that their actions
will conform to their professions, and that, in
acknowledging the supremacy of the Constitu-
tion and the laws of the United States, their
loyalty will be unreservedly given to the Gov-
ernment, whose leniency they cannot fail to
appreciate, and whose fostering care will soon
restore them to a condition of prosperity.
It is true that in some of the«States the de-
moralizing effects of war are to be seen in
occasional disorders; but these are local in
character, not frequent in occurrence, and are
rapidly disappearing as the authority of civil law
is extended and sustained. Perplexing ques-
tions were naturally to be expected from the
great and sudden change in the.relations be-
tween the two races j but systems are gradually
developing themselves under which the frecd-
man will receive the protection to which he is
justly entitled, and by means of his labor make
himself a useful and independent member of
the community in which he has his home.
From all the information in my possession; and
from that which I have recently derived from
the most reliable authority, I am induced to
cheribh the belief that sectional animosity is
surely and rapidly merging itself into a spirit
of nationality, and that representation, con-
nected with a properly-adjusted system of tax-
ation, will result in a harmonious restoration
of the relations of the States to the national
Union.
The report of Carl Schurz is herewith trans-
mitted, as requested by the Senate. No reports
from Hon. John Covode have been received by
the_President. The attention of the Senate is
invited to the accompanying report of Lieu-
tenant General Grant, who recently made a
tour of inspection through several of the States
whose inhabitants participated in the rebellion.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., December 18, 1805.
Mr. COWAN. I ask that the report of Gen-
eral Grant be read.
The PUESFDENT pro tempore. If there bo
no objection that report will bo road.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Headquarters Armies of the United States,
Yy^ashixgtox, D. C., Vcccmbcr 18, 1&55.
Sir: In reply to your note of ilie 10th instant, re-
mitting a report from me giving such information as
I may be possessed of, coining within the scope of the
inquiries made by the Senate of the United States in
their revolution of the 12th mutant, I have the honor
to submit the following:
With 3 our approval, and also that of the honorable
Secretary of War, I left Washington city on the 27th
of la^t mouth for the purpose of makin? a tour of in-
spection throut-h some of the southern States, or States
lately in rebellion, and to see what changes v/eie ne-
cessary to be made in the disposition of the military
forocs of the country; how thc^c forces could he re-
duced and expenses curtailed, &c., anil to learn, as
far as possible, the feelings and intentions of the cit-
izens of those Si ales toward the Gen ei al (lovernment.
The State of Virginia being so accessible to Wash-
ington city, and information from this quarter there-
fore beinc^ readily obtained, 1 hastened through the
State without conversing or meeting with any of its
citizen*. In llaleigh, 2sorth Carolina, 1 spent one
day; in Charleston.South Carolina,twodaj>; Savan-
nah and August:!, (Jeorftia, each one dav. Both in
traveling and while stopping, 3 saw much and con-
versed IrooJy with the eitizensof those states, well
as with officers of the Army who have been stationed
.among them. Ike following arc the conclusions
come to by mc:
I am satisfied that the mass of thinking men of tb e
South accept the present situation nf aflairs in r-ood
faith. The questions which have heretofore divided
the sentiments of the people of the two section*—
slavery and States rights, or the risht of a State to
secede from the Union—they retard as having been
settled forever by the highest tribunal, arm*, that
man can resort to. I was pleased to learn from the
leading men whom I met, that they not only ac-
cepted the decision arrived at as final, but that now,
when the smoke of battle has cleared away and time
has been given for reflection, this decision has been
a fortunate ono for the wholo country, they receiving
like benefits from it with those who opposed thorn in
the field and 111 council.
Four years of war, during which law was executed
only at the point ot the bayonet throughout the
States in rebellion, have loft the people possiblyin a
condition not to yield that ready obedience to civil
authority the American people have generally been
in the habit of yielding. This would render the pres-
ence of small garrisons throughout those Stateaneces-
sary until such time as labor returns to its proper
channels, and civil authority is fully established, I
did not meet anyone, either those holding places
under the Government or citizens of the southern
States, who think it practicable to withdraw the mil-
itary from the South at present. The white and the
black mutually require the protection of the General
Government.
There is such* universal acquiescence in the au-
thority of the General Government throughout the
portions of country visited by me. that the mere pres-
ence of a militaiy force, without, regard to numbers,
is sufficient to maintain order. The good of the coun-
try and economy require that the force kept in the
interior where there are many freedmen (elsewhere
in the southern States than at forts upon the sca-
coast £0 force isnecessaryjshould all be white troops.
The reasons for this &ro«obv ious without mentioning
many of them. The presence of black troop?, lately
slave?, demoralizes labor both by their advice ami by
furnishing in their camps a resort for the freedmen
for long distances around. "White troops geneially
excite 110 opposition, and therefore a small number
of them can maintain order in a given district. Col-
ored troops must be kept in bodies sulhcient to defend
themselves. It is not the thinking men who would
use violence toward any class of troops sent among
them by the General Government, but the ignorant
in some cases might, and the late slave seems to be
imbued with the idea that the property of his late
mastersh.onldbyrightbelongtohnn.or at least should
have 110 protection from the colored soldier. There
is danger of collisions being brought 011 by such causes.
My observations lead me to the conclusion that the
citizens of the southern States are anxious to icturn
to self-government within the Union as soon as pos-
sible; that while reconstituting they want and re-
ciuire protection from the Government; that they arc
in earnest in wishing to do what they think is requn ed
by the Government, not humiliating to them as cit-
izens, and that if such a eourt-o was pointed out they
would jmrsuo it in good faith. It is to beregictted
that thoie cannot be a greater commingling at this
tune between the citizens of the two sections, and
particularly of those intrusted with the law-making
power.
1 did not give the operations of the Freedmen'? Bu-
reau that attention 1 would have done if more tune
had been at my disposal. Conversations on the sub-
ject, however, with officers connected with the bu-
reau lead me to think that in some of the States its
affairs have not been conducted with <?ood judgment
or economy, and that the belief, widely spread anions
the freedmen of the southern States, that the lan.Is of
their former owners will, at least in part, be di\ ided
among them, has conic from the agents of thisbureuu,
This behet is seriously interfering with the willmg-
. ness of the freedmen to nuiku contralto fox Ihetunnng
year. In some form the Freedmen's Bureau is an
absolute necessity until civil law is established and
enforced, securing to the Ireedmen their rights and
full protection. Atpiescut, however, it is independ-
ent of the military establishment of the country, and
seems to be operated by the different u?ents_of the
bureau according to their individual notions. Every-
where Central liowaichthe able head of the bureau,
made friends by the just and fair instructions and
advice he gave; but the complaint m South Carolina
was that when he left, things went oil as before.
?d any, perhaps the majority, of the agents of the
Freedmen's Bureau advise the freedmen thatbj their
own industry they must cxpect to live. To tins end
they endeavor to secure employment for them, and
1o sec that both contracting paiticscomply with their
engagements. In some instances. I am sorry to
the treediuan's mind docs not seem to be disabused
oi the idea that a irecdman has the rb?ht to live with-
out care or provision for the future. The (.fleet of the
belief in division of lands is idleness and iwuniula-
! tion in camp>, towns, and cities. In such cases I chink
| it will be found that vice and disease will tend to the
1 extermination, or great reduction of the coloied lace,
j It cannot be expected that the opinions held by men
at the South for years can be^ changed in a day, and
j therefore the freedmen require for a few yean not
| only laws to protect them, but the fostering care of
, those who will give them good counsel and in whom
they can rely.
The I'reedmcn's Lureau, being separated from the
military establishment ot the c oiuitry, requires all the
expense of a separate oigaimation. One docs not
necessarily know what the other is doing, or what or-
deis they are acting mider. It r-eeins to me tbi&couid
be collected b> regarding e\ ejy olhcer on dut;> with
troops 111 the southern States as agents ot the brecd-
_ nnm's Bureau, and then have all orbji- hom the head
j of the bureau sent through departmoutcominanuers.
| Tbi* would ereatt. a rcr^JuiiMbihty that ould secure
; uniformity of action throughout all the South: would
: insiue the orders and instructions from the lm^d of
! the bun au being carried out, and v. ould relieve from
; duty and pay a large number of employe'- of the Gov-
: eminent.
I hat e the honor to be, very respectfully, your obe-
diuul servant, Li. S. Gil AST?,
Z/ieuttnant O'cnttal.
His Excellency A. Jonxsox,
President of the United States.
Jlr. WADE. I desire to offer a resolution.
Air. SUMNER. Before ilie proposition of
the Senator is put, I have a question to make.
