3062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
and rights of occupancy within the State of Minne-
sota, and all annuities and claims heretofore ac-
corded to said Indians, or any of them, to he forfeited
to the United States."
How shall the Government answer to those
of our citizens who mourn the loss of relations,
and who have themselves, in many instances,
been mangled and maimed by these savages, who
have been turned loose upon them by its act ?
Will you vote for an appropriation to indemnify
them for losses thus sustained? Will you see
that a law is passed to pay them for their prop-
erty which has been stolen and destroyed by
these Indians? Arenotthe people of our Ter-
ritories entitled to protection as citizens of our
common country ? Have they not the same
claim upon you which they had as citizens of
their respective States before leaving those
States? if they are, why not extend it to them,
and not allow an executive officer of the Gov-
ernment to collect from the remote frontiers
and from the prisons of the States several thou-
sand heartless, blood-thirsty savages, and pre-
cipitate them into the very heart of our settle-
ments, without a word of warning or effort to
protect us.
If, then, there is no legal authority for this
act of the Secretary, it is due to our citizens
that the Government extend to them immedi-
ate relief.
Now, sir, with the record of the past before
our eyes, embellished with all the horrors of
the terrible massacre in Minnesota, unparal-
leled as it was in savage ferocity, staring us in
our faces, with the bleaching bones of our own
murdered citizens unburicd, scattered broad-
east over our ''elfosen land,'' and while our
friends are yet clothed with the emblems of
mourning for their butchered relatives who
have fallen before the fatal blow of the relent-
less savage, making a gory foreground to the
appalling picture, can you'wonder that T ap-
peal to Congress, in the name of the citizens
of Dakota, in the name of humanity, to close
this infernal book of crime by some earnest,
effective legislation, and save our people from
the dangers which now surround them, and
avert the storm-cloud of death and devastation
which lutngs over our defenseless Territory?
I ask you, sir, if \yo were not invited to
Dakota by the Federal Government? Were
we not promised the protection of its strong
arm? IIave we not established our homes,
built our dwellings, located our families there,
and become law-abiding citizens of that Terri-
tory? Wc have done all these things. Our
people have gone there from every free State
of this Union from Maine to Oregon ; they haft
selected Dakota as their permanent dwelling
place and are there toiling with a will in the
soil of its rich prairies to lay the foundations
broad and deep of a future State, which they
hope will, at no distant day, lend a mighty
strength in the perpetuation of the eternal
principles of liberty and justice.
Will you ( ive us that protection which the
magnitude of onr undertaking demands ? Then
tor bread do not give us a stone; for a lish do
not give us a serpent. For our security do not
send us the savage, whose hands are wreaking
with the blood of our citizens, and whose hunt-
ing shirt is decorated with the scalp-locks of our
murdered wives and daughters.
It is not a pleasure forme to question the
motives or censure the conduct of any public
officer of this Government, and I assure you
that I should not do so on this occasion if there
was any other method by which I could possi-
bly procure relief from the personal and polit-
ical wrongs which arc now being inflicted upon
the people of Dakota, and the adjoining Terri-
tory. by the officers who have control of our
Indian affairs. Had the Secretary of the Inte-
rior notified the citizens of Dakota and north-
western Nebraska or their representatives in
advance ot his action, that the Government
intended locating these hostile Indians in their
very midst, b}r an actofarbitrary,depotic power,
which action. I am sorry to say, was by him
veiled in secresy, they would at least have had
an opportunity to remonstrate against this
heartless transaction. As it as, our citizens
have but the alternative either to submit to
this great wrong, which will endanger life, de-
preciate property,' and rob them of that hap-
piness which security alone affords, abandon
the country, or pursue the manly course which
the gallant sons of Minnesota adopted, and
with the approbation of the Government, too,
and drive this band of blaek-hearted murder-
ers out of the country.
The citizens of Dakota are loyal and love
the free institutions of our common country.
They have yielded a willing obedience to its
laws; they are from every free State of the
Union ; they are your kinsmen as well as mine.
Many of them fought to sustain the flag of their
fathers upon the hardest-contested battle-fields
of the late war. They recognize the supremacy
of the Federal Constitution and laws over all
other human laws; but when you say to them
that, you have a right to make and execute a law
or an arbitrary order which deprives them of
the fruits of their labor without compensation,
and which endangers the safety and happiness
of their families, by setting down in their midst
several hundred savages who dance and sing
around the dangling scalps of their own wives
and children, who are as near and dear to them
as the ties of nature can bind them, and who
exultingly boast of the robbery, rapine, and
murder which they have committed upon their
kindred, you will bo met with that scorn and
contempt which such heartless cruelty and neg-
lect so justly merits, by that high-toned spirit
of manly resistance which true patriotism has
never failed to make in defense of home and
kindred, of liberty and justice, and which the
Almighty Author of our being has established
as the true and unmistakable standard of un-
adulterated manhood.
Mr, CLAItKli. of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. IIUBBAUD, of Iowa. With the con-
sent of the gentleman from Ohio, I desire to
say that 1 may not have fully understood the
purport of the various statements which have
been made by the gentleman from Dakota
[Mr. Burleigh J in the speech which he has
just, concluded. If, on examining that speech,
1 shall find it to contain anything which in my
judgment may call for a reply, I shall on some
future occasion reply to it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Clamce] to yield to me
for a short time.
Sir. CLARKE, of Ohio. I will yield to the
gentleman for ten minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
am not very well informed as to the manner
in which the Indian affairs of this Government
have been conducted, but I have been long of
the opinion that the Indians have been qnite
as much " sinned against as sinning." lam
very glad the gentleman from Dakota [Mr.
IlnuxiGn] has taken this occasion to bring to
the attention of the House what he regards as
abuses in the management of the Indian affairs
of the Government.
I have no disposition to defend any one
against any charges which may be well founded.
It is not my purpose to-day to enter upon the
defense of any person whatever. I desire to
give the House a little moi'e information on
the subject, of our Indian affairs ; not, sir, that
I am personally cognizant of the facts, but I
have a statement of an Indian chief which I
desire to have put in the possession of this
House. It is not otten that the red man has an
opportunity to speak for himself. On this
occasion lie can have that opportunity.
I hold in my hand a speech made by a Yank-
ton chief whose name in English is " the Man
that was Struck by the Ree.'' He describes the
conduct of Indian agents toward the Indians:
"Pa-la-ne-apo-pe, or the Man that was Struck by
tuu Rec, spoke as follows:
, ''My friend,you sent a letter to our agency request-
ing our (chief s) presence hero. My friend, I have a
good leg; it is sound; there are no sores upon it, and
.1 want to go to Washington to see my Great Father,
ihoicnson I want to see my Great Father is, I desire
to make my report to him in person, but the agents
ho will not pay any attention to me; that
he is full of bummers with the whites. My belly is full
ofwhatl wantto say to him. My friend, you aresent-
by my grandfather. I think you will do just as all
the rest—make money. I should think my grand-
father would want to see me to make my report in
person.
"I cannot say much. The Great Spirit knows that
I speak the truth ; knows what I say."
That is the way he began 5 after awhile he
spoke as follows:
"I would have to tell my grandfather that I made
a treaty with him, and I would have to ask him how
many goods he is going to give me; and I would tell
him that I want him to give me the invoices of my
goods, that I may know what I am entitled to. I do
not want corn thrown to me the same as to hogs. If
I could get my invoices I should always know what
belongs to me. Every time our goods come I have
asked the agent for the invoices, but they nevershow
mo the invoices; they can write what they please,
and they go and show it to my grandfather, and he
thinks it all ri^ht. I think, my friend, my grand-
father tells me lies. My friend, what, T give a man I
don't try to take back. I think, my friend, there is a
great pile of money belonging to us which we never
yet have received.
"I think the Great Spirit hears what I say. When
they bring the goods to the agency, my goods are all
mixed up with the agent's goods; I can't tell my
goods from the trader's goods. I think if,you go to
all the nations, you will not find any who' has. been
used as 1 have been. My grandfather told me I
should havo a warohouse separato from the agents;
ho told me I should take one hundred and sixty acres
of land for my own use, and that I should have plenty
of land to raise hay for the block. All the hay on my
bottom land is cut by the white man to sell. I asked
for hay, but I can get none—white man cut it; I can't
tell who gets the money for the hay, but I think Ked-
ficld got some money for hay; my ponies can have no
hny. I think, my friend, if you go up to my agency
you will have a bad feeling; you will feel bad for me
to suo the situation X ain in, and to see my buildings,
after what my grandfather told me.
"The iirst agent was Redfield, and when he came
there he borrowed blankets from me to sleep upon,
and agreed to return them, but never did, though I
asked for them. Goods have been stored up stairs in
the warehouse, and have all disappeared; perhaps
the rats eat them; I do not know what bccame of
them. If they bring any goods for the Indians to cat
and put them in the warehouse the agents live out of
them, and tho mess-house, where travelers stop, has
been supplied from the Indians' goods, and pay has
been taken by the agents, and they have put tho
money in their pockets and taken it away with them.
I have seen them take the goodsfrom the storehouse
of the Indians and take them to themess-house, and
I have had to pay for a meal for myself at the mess-
house, and so have others of our Indians had to pay
for meals at tho mess-house prepared from their own
goods.
4lI understand that the agents arc allowed $1,500
per year for salary. I think §1,500 is not much—
not more than enough to last a month, the waythcy
live; they bring all their families there, and friend*
also. When the agents have been there one, two,
and three yeais, their property increases—the goods
in theirhousenndthoir household furniture increase.
When Redficld left the agency, a steamboat came in
the night and took away fifteen boxes of goods, so
that the Indians would not know it; but the Indi-
ans were too sharp for him. When Redfield came up
he brought his nephew to be trader for the Indians:
and one night he took a load of Hour out of the shed
where the Indians' flour was, and carried it to his
store to sell out to the Indians. My friend, what I
say about, his taking the flour I did not see with my
own eyes, but my young men came and told me so.
Bccausol wanted the blankets that I loaned Iled-
ficld, he got mad and never answered me, and never
gave me tho blankets.
*' My friend, a great many things have been going
on, but they do them in the night, so as to blind me.
What I say I see myself. After Redfield took away
the fifteen boxes he sent back and took away more.
I think all these young chiefs have eyes, the same as
I, and that theyhavesecnthesethings. Iwentdown
to Washington twice to see my grandfather, and the
third tune I wont I came back by the Missouri.
Uhcn I went down I saw many stores full of goods;
the suttlers como to our agency andmakemoneyand
then go off. I think if wc had two stores it would be
better for us. If I had understood from what my
grandfather told me, that I was to be treated as I
have been, I would never have done as 1 have done-
I never would have signed the treaty. Mr. Redfield
said to me, 4 When I am gone you will meet with a
great many agents; but you will never meet onchke
m.c.,nril thlrnk 1 never want to see one like him.
\\ hen I mado my treaty these young men (chiefs)
were there, and my grandfather told methat the half-
breeds should have some portion of the money. When
1 was m akmg the treaty the half-breeds were al 1 about
me, my body was sweet, and my prandfat her told mo
that 1 could give the money to any I pleased. These
white men had lndian women for wives; and they
came with their accounts against the Indiansand
gave them to Redfield. They toid meif 1 would help
them get the money I should always have plenty
of money myself; they would always assist me. I
told them I did not believe what they saui; that if
I should give them the money and should come into
their house they would tell me to go out of their
house. After I gave them the money they all scat-
tered, and I pannot see them. After what I hove dono
tor them, given them the money, these white men
have gone away and left, their half-breed children
for me to support and take care of. But when the
agents come with money the white men comc from
every direction and get the money, and then go away
