2102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
designate the representative; or does ho mean
that the representative shall be tho choice of
the person represented ?
Mr. HITTER, f do mean to say that there
are a good many persons in the country who
do not vote, and yet. I bey are represented ; and
I pre nine that such will be the ease for all time
to come. I do not understand that any gentle-
man here proposes that everybody plmll vote.
Mr. KELLEY. Then I will modify my
question. Does the gentleman believe that a
majority of the free adult male inhabitants of
a State ought to have a voice in electing its
representative'?
ilr. lUTl'ER. Mr. Speaker, it seems to
roe wc are consuming time here altogether
nnnccessarilv. As I am trespassing upon the
time of the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. Siiella-
barger.] I will make this single remark, that I
do not regard this as the proper place to dis-
cuss the question in regard to the qualifications
of voters. The Constitution has. in my opin-
ion. placed the control of that question with
the States.
Mr. KELLEY. It is not often that a gen-
tleman from Kentucky declines to answer a
question or evades it.
DISFRANCHISEMENT OF REDELS.
Mr. SHELLABAKGER. Mr. Speaker, some
weeks ago I introduced a resolution, which was
adopted by this body, referring to the Judiciary
Committee of this House-the inquiry whether
it is competent, under the-American'Constitu-
tion. for Congress to declare by law the for-
feiture of citizenship where that citizenship has
been voluntarily abandoned by acts of disloy-
alty. Since that resolution was adopted the
distinguished gentleman who occupies the chair
of this IIou =e has been,. I am glad to find,
speaking, in the same direction in which that
resolution point?. Since that, again. one of the
most distinguished lawyers of the House has
introduced a M*r of resolutions bearing upon
the same subject, and expressing with more
distinctness a plan for putting in application
that power ot the Government, if it be one of
the powers of the Government.
I am most glad, therefore, to find these and
other evidences that the mind of the country
is being directed now toward this important
practical inquiry, as one. not all, of the means
that may be resorted to for the purpose of
relieving us from these questions of terrible
embarrassment by which our Government is
surrounded. To that great question, I desire
to direct the remarks which I am about to
make.
Mr. Speaker, your country, not yet twelve
moons ago, went out from the presence of dan-
gers so terrible and deadly as that their merest
statement mocks at all the resources of human
speech : and it went into a triumph and joy as
indescribable as its recent sorrow was. And
now again the people stand appalled under the
shadow of some huge calamity, and before
'1 grim-visaged war hath smoothed his wrinkled
front" men of stoutest heart start back aghast
at the damned portent of civil war which they
deem they see grim and manifest before them,
and they look into each other's faces and
inquire—-why? In ''the breach" between the
President of the United States and Congress
touching the method of restoring the States in
recent revolt to i-ontrolling power in the Union.
and in the causes for that breach, most men |
find the occasion for this alaim. I go not at !
all to-day into the consideration of these, and
allude to them now only for the purpose of •'
saying, as I do here and now, that if any faith i
can be placed in the sincerity or truth of the |
most solemn utterances of the Congress and j
of the President then they do not differ, but !
do most prcci-olv agree, upon at least one of j
the nio.-t, if nor, the most, important and 1
decisive principles and means for the restora- S
tion of these States to power which can enter
into that great work. Nay. I go further, and
solemnly aver here upon the awful responsi-
bilities of one of the legislators of this my
country that if the President and Congress
; have the constitutional right to employ this
I means to which I allude for the restoration of
: the States, and if they will in good faith unite
' to apply and put in force the principle which
both solemnly profess to hold, then the work
' of restoration of these States will be. if not
| easy at least ultimately certain, and at once
j secured.
| The principle to which I allude is, that in all
j these States the truly loyal alone shall have
i powers of government, either by the holding
| of office or by the exercise of the elective fran-
■ chise, and that "the conscious and responsible
j leaders of tho rebellion" shall be tried, con-
' victed. and executed.
i If, indeed, it be so that you may exclude from
all powers of government, in the States recently
, in rebellion, those who really desire to destroy
! the Government, and if wc may secure to the
1 loyal people alone all control of the States
: and their Federal representation, then I see no
| reason why every State so governed would not
; be welcomed to-day to the embraces of the
' parent Government with an acclaim of joy
almost like that which angels gave at Bethle-
, hem.
j The avowals by the President of the United
States of his desire for this exclusion of rebels
from all powers of government, and for their
: condign punishment, have been so frequent, so
j recent, and so explicit, that to doubt their sin-
, ceritv would be to attribute to the President
; treachery to his professions and an infidelity to
; all the instincts of honor and manhood.
: And, first, I reexhibit to Congress and totHe
; country a most explicit avowal of his prin-
i ciples upon this subject, made by the Pres-
, ident at Nashville on the lJth of June, 18G4,
i in accepting the nomination of the Union
, party for the Vice Presidency. The avowal
, is an emphatic and complete assertion of
j all the constitutional power, at least by State
: action, and also of the expediency and duty
: of exercising the power, for which I shall con-
; tend. It was upon this explicit avowal that
Mr. Johnson was elccted. in his formal let-
' ter accepting the nomination, he refers to
this speech as one "in which I indicated my
; acceptance of the distinguished honor conferred
by that body, and dc-iincd the grounds upon
which that acceptance was based, substantially
saying what I now have to say." (See John-
son's Life, by Savage, 298.) No pledge to prin-
ciple could be more solemn, therefore, than
: this one is. None could be more signally rat-
j ified by a great people than was this in Mr.
; Johnson's election. In speaking of the con-
i vention to be convened to restore the govern-
1 m;nt of Tennessee he uses the following lan-
guage. which will be found in his Life, pages
2:.)"> and 296:
"But in calling a convention to restore the State,
vtio shp'l restore .and reestablish it? Shall it be the
misery upon the State be permitted to control its
des.mies? If so, then all the precious blood of our
brave soldiers and officers so fi eelv poured out will
have been wantonly spilled. All the glorious vic-
tories won by our nobis armies will go tor naught,
and all the bat ie-fields which have been sown with
dc.idlieroesduiins tlierebellion will have been made
memorable in vain. Why all this carnage and devas-
tation? It was that treason might be put down and
tnt.cois punished, lherelore, I say, that traitors
should take a b.u k seat in tho woikof restoration.
If there be but live ni"n in Tennessee loyal to tho
Constitution, loval to Jrecdom, loyal to justice, these
line and fnthiul men snould control the work of
reorganization and reformation absomtely. [Loud
and piulonged applause.] I sav that tho traitor has
cased to be a cii'mjn, and in joining tho rebellion
has become a public enemy, lie forfeited hii right
to vote with loyal men when he renounced his cit-
izenship and sought to destroy our Government.
We say to the hnie-t and industrious foreigner who
comes from Dncr)and or Germany to dwell among us
and add to tho weal sh of the country, 'Before you can
be a citizen you must be bete five years/ If wc are
so cautions about foreigners who voluntarily re-
nounce their homes to live with us. what should we
say to the traitor who, although born and reared
among us, has raised a pairicidal hand againts the
Government which always protected him? My judg-
ment is that he should be subjected to a severe ordeal
before he is restored to citizenship. A fellow who
takes the oath merely to save his property aiul !
denies the validity ot liis oath is a perjured man and j
not 0 be trusted. Before these repenting rebels can !
be trusted let them bring forth the fruit? of rcpent-
, anee." * * * * "Treason in <! be mado
, odious, and traitors must be punished and impover-
; ished. Their great plantations must be seized and
, divided into small larma and sold to honest and
industiioxis men."
; Mr. Speaker, the argument T now enter upon is
, all aimed to show that '"the traitor ceased,.so far
| as his Government may so elect to treat him. to
i be a citizen" and "forfeited his right to vote"
' when, by persistent rebellion against his Gov-
j ernment, he "renounced his citizenship," and
I that he " should be subjected to a severe ordeal
! before he is restored to citizenship," and that
j " he should be required to bring forth the. fruits
! of repentance before he shall be trusted." And
these are the solemnly "definedgrounds upon
| which Mr. Johnson's acceptance of the nom-
ination was based." (Life, 2'J8.) These are
; not merely the excited utterances of a stump
\ speech, but were again carefully and solemnly
, repledged as principles in his letter to the prcs-
I ident of the convention that nominated him.
! L'pon them he went to the American people.
! The people by an overwhelming voice approved
j them. They cannot be now retreated from
t without both dishonor most shameless and foul
| and moral treason most deep and infamous. I
j cannot and will not believe that the President
' | means to retreat from them ; or that he pur-
ij poses to seek refuge from the scorn and indig-
1: nation of a betrayed and outraged people in the
I embraces of them whom he called the "per-
il jured fellows who take the oath merely to save
!• their property." (See Life. 204.)
He has again and again repledged himself
}! to this same thing since his election. In his
i; recent speech to the Virginia delegation headed
j; by Mr. Baldwin, (late of the rebel congress,)
I he used these words:
"If there were but five thousand loyal men in a
State, or a less number, but sufficient to take charge
II of the political machinery of the State, these five
I thousand, or the less number, are entitled to it if all
jj therestbeotherwiseinclincd. Hook upon it as being
h fundamental that tho exercise of political power
j! should be confined to loyal men, and I regard that as
, i implied in the doctrines laid down in these resolutions
jj and in tho eloquent address by which they have been
j; accompanied."
j In the recent speech of Colonel Stolies, of
i| Tennessee, made to the Legislature of that
jj State, he is represented to have made the fol-
i! lowing statement touching tho present views
; of the President upon this important question:
!; "As President Johnson "aid the other day before I
left Washington, 'It you don tdisfranchise the rebels
j, they will disfranchise you."'
| Such, then, are the views of the President,
i To say that they are not his views, or that they
| are put forth as mere lures to insnare a gener-
! ous and confiding people into his support—
| mere "springs to catch woodcock," which he
! deems neither constitutional nor capable of
1 being practically applied and enforced, nor fit
| to be so applied—is to attribute to him pur-
' poses and conduct which would be disgrace-
! ful to the most vulgar political harlequin, but
| which, in the ruler of a great and generous
• people who have so honored and trusted him,
| would be utterly disgusting and infamous. I
I will neither say nor believe this; and I there-
! fore shall assume that the President deems it
both practicable, constitutional, and fit to cnact
; that the traitor "forfeited his right to vote with
; loyal men when he renounced his citizenship
; and sought to destroy the Government," and
! "that he shall be subjected to a severe ordeal
; before he is restored to citizenship."
j I need not say that Congress has already
| indicated its belief in the same thing.
j It is obvious, then, that either they who hold
j the two political departments of this Govern-
i ment are most false and insincere, or else they
' agree that tho disloyal should be sternly ex-
| eluded, by "severe ordeals," from Govern-
ment until they " bring forth fruitj of repent-
ance."
I now proceed to inquire whether this which
both Congress and the President favor is per-
mitted by the Constitution.
And to guard myself, at the very threshold
of these remarks, from misapprehension, I
state, that should the Government be found to
