1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
ted States. Do I understand the Senator from
Wisconsin to concur in that view ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator has been
out of the Chamber, I conclude. He hag not
heard my speech, for I have been very distinct
and very emphatic in repudiating that doctrine
on that side, just as I repudiate the doctrine on
this side that we cannot admit a member here
until the H ;use consents.
Mr. CONNESS. No such doctrine hasbeen
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is the substance
of the doctrine. I repudiate them both. [
have simply said this, Mr. President, in order
that it may be understood that if the two Houses
should happen to disagree on the question of
whether a. given State is or is not entitled to be
admitted, I shall not regard this resolution as
binding me in tho slightest degree whatever so
as to prevent my action upon tho admission of
any member of this body, and I do not believe
that it has or ought to have any binding force
whatever upon the Senate on that subject.
Mr. WILSON obtained the floor.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my friend from
Massachusetts, as 1 have yielded my right to
tho floor, allow mo to make one remark, which
will not take a minute ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBUKY. It Is sometimes said
on the other side of the Chamber that certain
doctrines uttered upon this side are repudi-
ated. Sir, I do not know that this side of the
Chamber lias distinctly announced any opin-
ions through this debate. We have kept very
quiet. It seems a division has been gotten
up on the other side of the Chamber between
what are called the radicals and the conserva-
tives. Tho Democratic portion of this body
have sometimes been referred to as operating
with the conservatives and as against the radi-
cals. I think that any fair and impartial ob-
server of what transpires here will bear testi-
mony to the truth of what 1 now -av. We have
taken 110 sides in this quarrel. It is a division
among the gentlemen themselves. They ex-
ercised what they supposed to be and what
was, if they believed the bill to bo a constitu-
tional bill, the constitutional right of passing
what, was called tho Freedmen's Bureau bill.
The President, of the United Stales in return-
ing it with his objections exorcised a perfectly
constitutional right. Because lie did so there
was a very considerable manifestatiau of dis-
approbation of his action. When his veto
message came. in. the Democratic portion of
this Chamber voted upon that subject, pre-
cisely as they voted before. But wili my rad-
ical friends—as they seem to glory in the ap-
pellation of radicals—allow me to make one
remark? In the great, issue which they have
made upon the President, and not the Presi-
dent upon them, they are pretty much in the
situation, in my opinion, of the crazy man who
got on the railroad track in tho far West,
where they had never before seen a car. It,
being announced that the cars would run on a
certain day he wont out and placed himself
near a station, and as the train came along
threw up his hat and his arms. The engineer,
supposing that something was on tho track,
stopped the train and inquired what, was the
matter. The man replied, " 1 want yon to
know, sir, that I, after having fought the lions
of Baslian, am not going to bo scared by a
certain kind of hen-coop set up on wheels."
[Laughter. | Sir, Andrew Johnson has laid
the track, the car is in motion, and if our rad-
ical friends do not want to get run over they
had better get off the track. [Laughter. ]
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I will ask my friend
from Massachusetts to yield me the floor for a
few moments.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I do not rise in my
place nowto enter into any lengthy discussion,
for I would not trespass on the time of the
Senator from Massachusetts who has been kind
enough to afford me an opportunity of saying
a few words. I choose not to engage in a gen-
eral discussion of the questions that have boon
debated here, but to say a few words only as
to the pending question. I have not been able
yet to comprehend iu the mind of a fair-minded
and just man who speaks the truth, or who de-
sires to speak it, the possibility of his under-
taking to overcome the Constitution of the
United States by a resolution of the two
Houses. That is the proposition pending, to
overcome the plain letter of the Constitution
of the United States by a resolution of the two
Houses. There is a crime known to criminal
law as obtaining property by false pretenses ;
and it is said, I believe, in that law, that if you
pretend as to an after-lact, it is not a technical
false pretense. If the swearing is as to a past
fact, then the person charged, on the charges
being proven, may be condemned and punished.
It has struck me that it may bo a grave ques-
tion now, whether falsely swearing as to what
one has done is perjury, while falsely swearing
as to what one will do, is not. It has been the
practice of our Government ever since it was
instituted to swear all the State officers to
support tho constitution of tho State and the
Constitution of the United States, and I sup-
pose every gentleman on this floor has taken
that oath many times. Falsely swearing as to
what you will do, perhaps may not be techni-
cal perjury : but permit me to say that when
gentlemen undertake to violate the Constitu-
tion which they have sworn to support, and
dare to say that because what they propose to
do is right they dare to violate their oaths, it
is one of the technical ways of avoiding just,
conclusions, which has been condemned by all
just men, and will be condemned above.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, if Senators
on the other side of tho Chamber do not desire
to occupy the time of the Senate further, I will
do so for a few moments. If any of them de-
sires the time, I will yield the floor to him now
as 1 have during the day.
Mr. SAULKBlIiiY. I believe that under
the arrangement, the .Senator from Massachu-
setts may occupy the floor now.
[Mr. WILSON proceeded to address the
Senate. [His remarks will be published iu the
Appendix. ]
Mr. SII HUM AN. Mr. President, the honor-
able Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,]
in his remarks yesterday, made some statements
which, while 1 did not wish to controvert them
at, tho time, I felt to be unjust to a distinguished
citizen of my State, but as I had no documents
be lb re me, no papers to which I could refer, I
did not feel at, liberty to correct him while he
was speaking or after he spoke. The remarks
to which 1 allude I will read from the re-
ported speech as contained in the Globe of this
morning:
"1 find in one of tho papers of the day a resolution
offered at a mooting in tho State of Ohio sonio m-vou
years ago, in which the doetnnn atmu-l in tho wuids
of Calhoun was announced, .-aid to huvo boon re-
ported b.va committee of which one of the honorablo
Senators from Ohio, not,now in his pliieo, [Mr. WA [>K, I
was u member, and to havo been suppoited by him
in a speech, and to havo atso been supported by a
spoeoh of tho prudent Chief Justice of tlio United
btates.''
Then the Senator from Maryland proceeded
to quote a resolution adopted at a meeting at
Cleveland in 1850; and after reading it, he said:
" And that resolution, it is said, was supported not
only by my friend trom Ohio. [Mr. \V ii>e,J bat by tho
present Chief Justico of 1 ho Inr.ted Slate*; and that
was in IS,">9; literally a transcript, from some of tho
resolutions offered by John (J. Calhoun."
I knew very well at the time these words
were uttered that, the Chief Justice had never
supported and sustained the doctrine of such
a resolution; but I was not then prepared to
state, as I am now, tho part he took in the
meeting referred to. Ilo was suddenly called
to Cleveland, when Governor of the State of
Ohio, by events which at the time caused
great excitement. Certain persons had by force
and fraud combined enticed a resident of Ohio
from his ordinary avocations at Oberlin into
the country, then gagged him and bound him
and endeavored to take him away out of the
State. It was a gross and palpable outrage
which would have created excitement in any
community. The man was a colored man.
The citizens arose, without much regard to
party, and rescued him, and many of them
were arrested and bound over by the United
States district court. A meeting was called at
Cleveland to denounce the act, and there was
a large attendance, much excitement, and some
fear of an armed resistance to tho United States
authorities. The present Chief J ustice was then
Governor of the State of Ohio, and he was
invited from Columbus to Cleveland to address
this meeting. He declined to do so; but on the
morning of the day of the meeting he received
a telegram from Cleveland to the effect that
i trouble was feared, and he took the cars and
| arrived in the midst of the meeting. I regret
j that I cannot find a full report of what he said.
I have been trying to get the report of his speech,
but (here being no files of Ohio papers here,
the only report I can find is a brief one con-
tained in the New York Times of a day or two
afterward, and that I will read so that the Sen-
ator may see how unjust he was in tho statement
he has already made:
" A meeting of somo six thousand poisons was hold
at Cleveland on the 24th instant, to denouncethotu-
| gitivo slave law, in view of its enfoicemcnt against
I tho Oberlin prisoners. Xho, published call invited all
! 'foes of slavery and despotism,' and stigmatized tho
1 proceedings of the district court as a 'despotic usur-
I pation of power.' Joshua it. biddings prosirted.
I Among tho prominent peisorin piesent was uovoinor
1 ('base, who, upon invitation, addressed the concourse,
j His remarks were brief and sensible. Conctu ring with
| those who heard him in dislike of the fnejuvo slavo
! law, lie yet counseled no forcible losi.- tunec. On tho
! contrary, hisadvicewas to oppose it through the bal-
lot-box alone, by electing men to Congress and to tho
t Presidency who would repeal it. lie did not even as-
! sail its constitutionality, but left that question to tho
; proper tribunals, State and Federal."
That was tho position talon by Governor
Chase at (he time. I know that his remarks
on the occasion were received with dissent by
' the excited audience, and he was not applauded
j during (lie whole of his brief remarks. Ho
j counseled moderation and strict obedience to
j law, and took no part iu framing, advocating,
j or passing the resolutions. It is duo to tho
Chief Justice to make this statement. And tho
! honorable Senator made another remark,which,
i I think, was also very unjust, if I understand
| the meaning of it. lie said:
I " Mr. President, if tho Chief Justice of the United
States has not changed the opinion which ho enter-
tained in 1R>9, ho is not tho man to sit in judgment
upon Mr. Jefferson Davis, or anybody else standing
in the liko position. Ho might pronounce him, and
I suppose he would, to havo been guilty of treason
according to tho letter of the law; but. with this res-
olution in his hand, he would say to tho department
of the Government in which tho power of mercy is
lodged, ' For (bid's sake, as you value me and my
character, pardon, for he did only to a greater extent
what I said [ would havodone orthat lnyPtateshould
havo done if the contingency had arisen.'-"
This. I suppose, was based upon the allega-
tion that the Chief .1ustice had approved the
resolution which the Senator read. Now, sir,
you may look through all the writings and all
the. speeches of that distinguished citizen, and
you will find nothing in them that would sanc-
tion secession or nullification or any of those,
outrageous doctrines which emanated from
John C. Calhoun and Jefferson Davis. While
ho has resisted, in the sense in which we use
the word among lawyers, the execution of the
fugitive slave law; while lie has uniformly
denounced it and held it to be unconstitutional,
lie never has advised any armed resistance to
that law or advised any one to seek any redress
against its barbarous provisions except the
redress of the courts of justice and an appeal
to^ the people through the ballot-box. Cer-
tainly lie never counseled armed resistance to
the law as announced by the courts to be made
either under State or individual authority, and
is as free from such a reproach as any eitizen
of the United States.
I do not know that it is necessary for me to
say anything more. I make this correction in
justice to a distinguished citizen of my State,
and in justice to myself as his representative.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is hardly necessary for
me to say, Mr. President, to the Senate that it
was very far from my purpose to deal unjustly
with the Chief Justice of the United States, or
in what I said to deal uniitstly with the Senator
