1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Ohio has the floor, and offers a reso-
lution.
_Mr. "WADE. It is a resolution to which there
will be no objection, merely calling for informa-
tion from a Department.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that; but I
wish to make one remark in reference to the
business before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Ohio give way to the Senatorfrom
Massachusetts?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 wish to know whether the
report of Major General Carl Schurz is annexed
to the message of the President.
The PRESlDENT|;ro tempore. The Chair
understands that it is.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is so stated in the mes-
sage.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not understand that
it was so stated. If it is there, I think it had
better be read.
Several Sexators. It is very long.
Mr. SUMNER. At any rate we canbeginit.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of the report of General Carl Schurz is
called for. It will be read, if there be no ob-
jection.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to the
reading of the report; I should like to hear it;
but the reading will take a good while, and it
can all be printed in a day or two.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the reading bo begun.
Mr. JOHNSON. IsubmittotheSenatorfrom
Massachusetts that the printing of it, perhaps,
will answer every purpose, it is a very long
report, I see; at least it seems to be so. I
have, personally, not the slightest objection to
its being read.
Mr. SUMNER. It is a very important docu-
ment. The Senate will remember that when
the report was made on the condition of things
in Kansas, every word of it was read at the desk.
Now the question before the country is infinitely
more important, than that of Kansas. Vv'o have
a message from the President which is like the
whitewashing message of Franklin Pierce with
regard to the enormities in Kansas. That is its
parallel. 1 think that the Senate had better at
least listen to the opening of Major General
Schurz's report.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection, if the
Senate think Uioy have time to listen to it; but
I did not expeec to hear any assault, direct or
indirect, upon the President at this time.
Mr. SUMNER. No assault at all.
The PRESIDENT profemporc. The Senator
from Maryland is entitled to the floor unless ho
yields it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have seen nothing in the
message which would warrant a reflection that
any improper purpose had actuated the Presi-
dent in sending it here. ITe does not mean, as
I suppose, to whitewash anybody who has of-
fended. His opinions upon the state of the
country are fairly stated, clearly stated, with an
absence of all passion, and I think commend
themselvos to the attention of the Senate. But
I arose. Mr. President, for no such purpose as
that of involving ourselves in a debate in rela-
tion to the Executive. I only suggested that
perhaps it would be as well that" this report
should be printed, instead of being, read now,
as the Senate has a good deal of business before
it; but I withdraw the objection if the Senate
desire to hear it.
The Seeietary proceeded to read the intro-
ductorj paiagraphs ot General Schurz's report,
in which he stales through what portion of the
South he traveled, the points at winch he
stopped, his facilities for obtaining informa-
tion, and the order in which the results of his
observation would be detailed.
ilr. SHERMAN. I would much prefer to
read this document in print; and I move to
dispense with its further reading, and that it be
printed with the message and the other papers.
I cannot very well hear the reading while con-
versation is going on in the Chamber.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not object to that if
the Senator from Ohio thinks that it is proper
that we should, on this important occasion, dis-
pense with the reading of this paper. I think
that the Senate could not listen to anything
of more importance than this accurate, authen-
tic, most authoritative report with regard to the
actual condition of things in those States. Here
is an eminent citizen, lately a major general in
the Army of the United States, sent on a special
mission by the President to visit those States,
and to report upon their condition. He has made
his visit, not a hasty one like that of General
Grant, for instance, or of some other officers
or citizens, but a visit occupying time, extend-
ingthroughdiffercntStates, and he has recorded
the results in an elaborate document. Now, sir,
if the question were trivial, if it were a transi-
tory question, I should think the Senator from
Ohio was right; but if he persists in his motion
I shall not oppose it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt whatever
that the report of General Schurz isa very able,
elaborate, and excellent document; I have no
doubt we shall all bo advised and informed
when wo re^d it; but I would much prefer to
read that document when I can understand
what is in it, than to hear it read now amid the
confusion and hum of the Senate Chamber. I
will say also that it is unusual to read docu-
ments in this way. No document is usually
read except a message of the President of the
United States. Even the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, containing his views upon
the finances of the country, is not read in open
Senate ; and none of the elaborate reports of
the heads of Departments are read, and there-
fore to read this document is unusual. If the
practice were to prevail among us, our time
would be occupied in putting upon the Clerk the
labor of reading these documents when we do
not hear or listen to them. I hope it will be
printed so that wo may have au opportunity to
rend nnd understand it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, one re-
mark, a short time ago, fell from the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, that it seems to
me he ought, in justice to himself, to qualify
at least, if not altogether retract. Speaking of
the message just received from the President
of the United States, he said that it was like
the whitewashing message of Franklin Pierce
to cover up the transactions in Kansas, and
that the affairs in these southern States sought
to be covered up or whitewashed by the mes-
sage of the President—I so inferred from what
he said—were much worse, infinitely worse,
than the affairs in Kansas. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, I think the Senator from Massachusetts
must have let fall that expiession without due
consideration. I cannot believe that that Sen-
ator, occupying the high position he does, rep-
resenting the great State he does, wishes to be
understood as stating, here in the Senate and
to the country, that, this message just received
from the President of the United States is a
whitewashing message, seeking to cover up or
conceal transactions and a state of things infi-
nitely worse than the transactions of Kansas—
that terrible affair which was the beginning of
all our woes, a civil war in itself, and the pre-
; lude to all tiiat great war from which we have
just emerged. 1 believe, sir—certainly I think
I ought to believe—that the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts will at least modify, or
qualify, if he does not wholly retract, this strong
expression.
Sir. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have noth-
ing to modify, nothing to qualify, nothing to
retract. In former days there was one Kansas
that suffered under illegal power; there are
now eleven Ivansases suffering only as one;
therefore as eleven is more than one. so is the
enormity of the present time more than {he
enormity Jn the day of Franklin Pierce.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Massachusetts says that the enormities in
the States lately in rebellion are greater at this
time than those formerly taking place in Ram
sas. Now, sir, I beg leave to remind hint, that
thatwas not precisely the question raised, if any
question was raised by the Senator from-"Wis-
consin. There is no question here atthis'mo-
ment as to the misconduct of anybody in Kansas
or in the southern States; but a charge has beeli
directly made here by the Senator that the Pres-
ident has sent in a whitewashing report with re-
gard to these enormities, in reply to our reso-
lution of inquiry. I cannot pass thatin sileftceso
far as I am copcerned. What is a " whitewash-
ing report" or a "whitewashing message?"
What is the charge brought? A "whitewash-
ing report" is a report intended to cover uj}'and
conceal by falsehood and misstatement certain
facts. That is a "whitewashing report." Now,
sir, I wish the^charge to be distinctly under-
stood; I have no comment to make upon it; but
when such a charge as that is brought in the
Senate, I think it calls for some notice, and I
take the liberty, with all my respect for the
Senator from Massachusetts, to deny that there
is anything in that report of a whitewashing
character. I believe it to be true in its state-
ments. Of course I cannot know the facts per-
sonally ; but I confide in the statements of the
President; and I cannot, as a friend of the Pres-
ident, allow such a charge to go unnoticed. I
claim no particular friendship for the President;
I sustain his position, not because it is the Pres-
ident's position, but because 1 believe it to be
right; and believing him to be right, I think it
my duty to enter at least a protest against a
charge of that kind.
Mr. DOOEITTLE. Mr. President, whether
the President's policy be right ornot, the charge
of the Senator from Massachusetts does not go
t.o that question at all. If the Senator from
Massachusetts differs from him, believes him to
be wrong, that is one thing: it is perfectly right
that he should do so. But he goes farther; he
charges upon the President falsehood, in sub-
stance, by saying that his message is a "white-
washing '' message; he charges him with a want
of truth, with a want, of patriotism. What else
can bo inferred ? It w-as that which pained me;
I was not pained because the honorable Senator
differed from the President; I knew he differed
from the President on this question; but I was
pained audi confess very much disappointed to
hear that Senator, as I should be to hear any
other Senator on the floor of the Senate, ques-
tion the truth, the integrity, or the patriotism
of the President, however much he might dis- .
agree with me in opinion. I had supposed that
every member of this body and of Congress had
full faith in the good intentions of the President,
in his integrity, his love of the truth; and if he
has any quality, if he has displayed during this
| struggle any cnaraetcr, it is that uncompromis-
ing love of the truth and love of the country
and love of the Union which has made him
sacrifice and endure all that lie did during the
contest in the South, and which has always char-
acterized him as a man; and it was not that
j the honorable Senator questioned the propriety
of the policy recommended by him, but because
he made use of that remark that it was a white-
washing message, seeking to cover up some in-
famy behind, that I was pained, as 1 confess I
was exceedingly; and I was none the less pained,
after having called the honorable Senator's at-
tention to it, that he should rise in the Senate and
say that he had nothing to modify, nothing to
qualifv, nothing to retract.
Sir,"I have said all, perhaps more than I ought
to have said; and I shall not go into any dis-
cussion of these matters.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am sorry
that I have given pain to honorable friends. I
certainly did not intend it. They suggest that
a question has been raised as to the policy of
the President. I have raised no such question,
and have now expressed no opinion in regard
'to it. The Senator from Wisconsin dwells on
tjjat point and reminds the Senate that the policy
of thfl President was not in question. I know
it was not in question, and therefore i expressed
no opinion upon it, for when I speak in this *
body, I fry fo' speak directly to the question in
hand. There >ya§ ..then no question directly
