1144
THIf CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
tigated. That X say now, and I believe common
sense sustains me in it, although I will not say,
as the Senator from Pennsylvania said several
times, as I understood him in the course of his
speech to-day, "I have conclusively proved''
it, because it is not for me to assume that, but
I say I have no doubt of the correctness of the
proposition.
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin at-
tacks this resolution on the ground that it is a
violation of the Constitution. I believe the
Senator from Maryland did not attempt to as-
sume that ground. Now, I call the attention
of the Senator from Wisconsin to something
that has been done heretofore. I find on out-
records a bill offered to this body, and acted
upon, which reads as follows : .
"That when tho inhabitants of any State h:ivo been
declared in a state of insurrection nK:u *t. tho United
States by procIa.mat.ion ot'the PrcM'lcnt, by force mid
virtue of thonef, entitled 'Ail act lurtherto provide
for tho collection of duties on liu pints, and lor other
purposes,' apiiroved July 1.'!, ISSil, they shall be, and
arohereby declared to be, incapable of easting any
vote for electors of President or Vico Piesident. of
tho United States, or of olcetmp Senators or ltcpre-
sentatires in Congress, until said insurrection insaid
State is suppressed or abandoned anil said inhabitants
ha,vo returned to their obedience to tho Government
Of the Uuited States, nor until such return to obedi-
ence shall bo declared by proclamation of the Pres-
ident, issued by virtue of an act. of Congress, here-
after to be passed, authorising tho same."
Now, I should like to know if the Senator can
draw a distinction, so Ihr as constitutionality and
right are concerned, between (hat proposition
and this resolution. Tliry shall not, any oi
them, l>o admitted until the President., by proc-
lamation, issued in pursuance of an act of < '011-
gres~ iiuthoii/.ing the .same, shall ha\o sell,led
that question. So says the proposition. Well,
who voted for that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What, is the dale of it.?
Mr. FESSENDliN. The dale of if is .Inly
2, 18G-L Mind you, it was not enough that, the
insurrection should be < pie lied, il was not enough
that the people should have relumed to their
allegiance, it was not enough that everything
should be pncilied ; but an actof Congress was
to be passed to authorize their return, and the
President himself was lo issue his proclama-
tion under that act. Who voted for it?
Mr. llENDKUSON. That passed tho Sen-
ate, but did not. pass the other House.
Mr. BROWN. It. passed the Senate ami went
to the House of Representatives, and a commit-
tee of conference reported back another lull.
Mr. FESSKN DION. And who voted for this?
Let mo read the lisl :
"V has -Messis. T*n>« il, I'arlile, < Viva n. Da vis. Duo-
liitlo, (jrimrj, licndci-Mm, IIemlrirk-*, .lolm-oji, L.uio
of Indian:!. .MelMuirall, Povvoll, RirhnnlMHi. Kiddie,
Sa-uUlmry, Trumbull, and Van Winkle-- 17."
Ml". COWAN. Who voled it?
Mr, FESSKNDEN. I will read the vote on
tho other Hide:
Messrs. Chandler, Clark. Conner, li U\
Hstrlnn, Lami of Kaunas, Morgan, Mori ill. Pomcroy,
itaiii'-'oy, Slun-mim, Snratfuo, Bumnor, Wa«io, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—lti."
Mr. SF1 KU M A M. Tho Senator will find that
thai whs not tho final vote. That was (ho voto
on adopting that proposition a^ n substitute for
tho reoouKlniftion bill of tho 11oum\ but after-
ward a vote was taken upon the juvw^o of that
hill as amended, and Messrs. Powell, Sauls-
htirv, and Davis, voted in the negative.
Mr. FKSSKN I)KNf. That vote was upon tho
passage ofthe bill, which was amended so as to
foe substantialh tho provision I have just read.
Sir. TKuMBUEvJj. It was precisely thy
same.
Mr. MeDOrGALL. T desire simply to say
that if my name was thus entered upon the
record, the recmd is somewhat, untrue.
Mr. SA ('LSBUFIY. And so may I say.
Mr. FEcSSENDEX. Now, lei me come to
the vote on the passage of that bill after it was
amended to read exactly in the^e words. Tho
vote I before read was oil the amendment.
Now, I will read the vote on the passage of the
bill as thus amended:
^ "Teas — Messrs. Brown, Chandler. C<mnc<«, Don
little, Halo, Harlan, liarris, Henderson.
Johnson, Lano ot Indiana, Lane oi Kansas. McDou-
gall, Morgan, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riddle, Sherman,
Spro gue, Sumner, Ton Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson.
"Nays—Mc^rs. Powell, Davis, and Saulsbury."
Mr. SATJLSBU&Y. There "Saulsbury " is
right.
Mi-. FESSENDEN. Now, can mortal man
tell me the difference between that action of
the Senate, which is not stronger so far as the
question of constitutionality is concerned, and
this resolution, which is a mere legislative dec-
laration ? That was a proposed law.
Mr. DIXON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question for information merely?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. DIXON. I wish to know whether if
that proposition had become the law of the land
and was now on the statute-book it would have
any binding force or effect to prevent the Sen-
ale from admitting a member from any State?
Mr. FKSSKNDKN. 1 will let the Senator
decide that for himself. I am speaking now
about who voted and how they voted. That is
another thing entirely.
Mr. DIXON. That is as to the question of
constitutionality.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, I am not troubled
with the question of constitutionality. I am
trying to remove the doubts of the .Senator's
friend, and his trouble about constitutionality.
1 believe that my honorable friend from .Mary-
land sjiid that when this action was bad by the
Senate, the insurrection had not. been quelled,
lie voted for this proposition; but if hi! will
examine it he will find that not only was the
insurrection to be quelled and the people to Iks
in a slate of peace and quietness, but there was
to be a law passed by Congress, and the Pres-
ident was to issue liisproelamalionbased upon
that, t'utare law, before lioprescntativesand Sen-
ators could lie admitted irom these Slates.
Mr. DIXON. 1 understand the Senator to
decline to answer my question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do decline to answer
it, and yon have no right to ask me to answer
it unless I choose to do so. It has nothing to
do with what. I am talking about. A gentleman
may ask an impei linent question it'hechooses,
but I am not obliged lo answer it.
Mr. VAN' WINKLE. I should like to ex-
plain, so far as I am concerned, why 1 think 1
might with great propriety have voted lor that
proposition at that time and vote in an entirely
different, way now. 1 believedtlmt. measure was
offered in good faith and was so intended. It
is since that jlime that I have learned that negro
suffrage is lo be made the condition of the
admission of these States.
Mr. FESSENDEN'. The Senator, then, has
learned some!king that I have not, learned.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I have learned itfroni
the pending resolution in this body proposing
lo amend I lie ConMilution. 1 ha\e learned il
from another resolution proposing an amend-
ment to tho Constitution which has been under
consideration in the oilier [louse, and has there
been laid o\er until April. I have learned it
also, 1 think, from declarations made on this
tloor that, these States ought not to be admit-
ted for live years, or for a generation, until the
matter of suffrage^ was settled to suit them.
Thai deriarntion has come from gentlemen of
the majority here, gentlemen of the radical
brunch. And as I am unalterably opposed to
forcing suffrage of thai kind on the Stales I
vote against Ibis resolution.
Mr. KESSEXDli.Y. One would think I hat my
honorable friend from West Virginia was clear-
headed enough to distinguish one thing from
another, one bill from another, aud that he had
pluck enough to vote against what he did not,
like, and was not compelled to vote against,
what might be a good thing because he maybe
afraid that, somebody else is going to vote for
something be did not like. A Senator, I think,
might arrive at that high eminence.
Mr. VAN' WINKLE. The gentleman will
permit me to say a word. We have been wait-
ing here for some time to hear a report from the
committee over which he presides. That report
is delayed, and instead of our being informed
of what is the condition of these States, we have
putupon us amendment to the Constitution after
amendment, and these to me are all objection-
able. I think that this is just part and parcel
of the other movements of this committee; and
although I have clearness of head enough to
know that it is not precisely the same as a con-
stitutional amendment, yet X think I know that
it proceeds from the same source and is likely
to be enforced in the same manner, and I ha^e
no confidence, especially aftert.he votes we have
had in the other end of the Capitol, that there
is any disposition to take up even for consider-
ation tho cases of those States for an unlimited
time to come.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will show you about
that in a very few minutes; I am prepared on
that subject. The Senator from West Virginia
must satisfy himself. If he is afraid that his
innocence will be entrapped into doing some-
thing that he does not want to do, and therefore
he must be careful on all occasions for fear he
will find himself where he does not want to find
himself, it is his business, not mine. I can take
care of all my votes at any rate. All these
statements with regard to tying the hands of
the Senate are merely volunteer; they have
no foundation. It is a mere, I was about to
say, excuse for gentlemen which they never
dreamed of when they voted for the propo-
sition which I have just read, which they never
dreamed when others similar to it were voted
for; but just, now it is convenient to set up that
what they were willing to agree to as a law of
the land they cannot put in the shape of a con-
current resolution, for fear they may be over-
steppiugthe proper bounds ofthe Constitution 1
Now, lot us go a little further. The Senator
from West Virginia has said something that I
wauled somebody lo say here in direct terms;
he has imputed to the committee of fifteen a
disposition lo delay action upon this matter.
But before I come, to that let me say that when
gentlemen talk about the committee assuming
jurisdiction that did not belong lo it in report-
ing a resolution for the amendment of the
Constitution they are talking without the book.
That resolution substantially was specifically
referred to that committee by the House of
Representatives. Do not Senators know, is
there any man here who will dispute, that when
there is a joint committee, and either House
refers a subject to it, as either House may do,
it becomes its duty, certainly its right and
privilege, to report upon it? That has been the
acknowledged law of proceeding of the Senate
ever since 1 have been a member of the body
always. 1 know it for 1 have, been a member
of two joint committees: one the Joint Com-
miilee on Priming, and the other the Joint
Committee on the Library. These committees
exist,, and when either House refers a subject
to a joint committee, no matter what., if it
takes jurisdiction, (aud il has a right to take
jurisdiction by the reference.) it becomes its
duty io report in some way or other. Now, iu
regard to the resolution proposing to amend
the representation clause of the Constitution,
my colleague in the other House. Mr. Bi.aixe,
sent it directly to the committee on recon-
struct ion : and another gentleman of the House.
Mr. Coxkuxu, of New York, sent the same
measure, in other terms, varied a little, to the
committee on reconstruction Had or had we
not a right to report upon it? Were we trav-
eling out of our jurisdiction? Were we doing
what gentlemen have undertaken to say here
several times we had no right to do, taking up
something not referred to us? They should
understand the facts before they make these
assertions, and know something of what has
been done in both branches of Congress.
Now, sir, a few words as to the question
whether we have purposely delayed, whether
there has been a disposition to delay in this
matter. I have spoken of what the committee
has done. Now let us inquire about how action
has been delayed. I would like to give you a
little history. This subject was introduced into
Congress early, and the resolution authorizing
the appointment of the joint committee came to
the Senate at tbebeginning of the session. The
