8064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
corruption and fraud in the discharge of their
several duties, as well as the President of the
United States.
Now, sir, I desire that the gentleman shall
make these charges specific against these va-
rious officers, and if they have been guilty of
any act of dereliction in the discharge of their
several duties let Congress institute a proper
investigation to ascertain where the fault lies
in their administration; and I believe I can
assure the gentlemen that when the investi-
gation is made these several officers will be
able to sustain themselves before Congress so
far as the matters alluded to by him are con-
cerned.
I only rose for the purpose of vindicating
these gentlemen from the covert attack of the
gentleman from Dakota, and to ask him to
make his charges specific against these gen-
tlemen, in order that they may know what to
defend. But I will say further, that I am in-
formed—whether truthfully or not I cannot
say—-that the gentleman from Dakota has had
personal difficulty with the Secretary of the
Interior and Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
because his accounts as Indian agent have not
been passed upon by that department favorably.
I hope this fact has not in any way influenced
his action here.
Mr. BURLEIGII. With the consent of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Clarke,] I desire
to say one word in reply to the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Aixison.] Ho says lie has under-
stood that I have had personal difficulty with
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs and the
Secretary of the Interior. I will state that it
is not true that 1 have had any personal diffi-
culty with tliem in consequence of my accounts
not being settled. The charge has been thrown
out and heralded all over the country by the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and I de-
nounce it as a falsehood.
THIS KliJIHLMON, ITS CAUPKS, ITS COKE.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, all
men unite in the opinion that slavery was the
prime cause of the rebellion; but that alone,
unaided by other great errors that have long
had a lodgment in the hearts of the leading
men of the South, would not so soon have
resulted in a resort to armed force to break up
the Government. The Democratic creed of
supreme State sovereignty, which comprises
all thai is claimed in practical nullification and
secession, was the great auxiliary that slavery
called to its assistance—a sword to strike and
a shield to protect—when it resolved to make
war upon the Union.
SLAVERY C VLLKI), TIM: DUMOCBAOY ANSWERED.
When the .slaver saw his idol in danger he
called for help, and the Democracy of the
country, North and South, Hew to its relief,
and steadily as the needle to the polo so have
they stood by it, in evil as well as good report.
They gave over to the South their fealty and
their votes; they elected none to office except
such as were wholly acceptable to the South;
they uttered no sentiment, gave no vote, made
no resolves that could offend the most delicate
sensibilities of the most nervous slaveholder ;
they were the most submissive, truckling creat-
ures to the South that ever assumed the dig-
nity of a party name. Alas, for the once proud
name of Democracy! When it consented to
do the bidding of the black man's master it
surrendered up its birthright of manhood and
became itself a slave.
TJIE TRUCKLING OF DEUOCR ICY.
It broke down the Missouri peace compro-
mise at the bidding of slavery and opened
afresh the great wound that threatened the life
of the Union in 1819-20. It made war upon
freedom, and with fire and sword tried to force
slavery into Kansas, and in that guilty strug-
gle it literally murdered its great leader, Doug-
las, and drove hundreds and thousands of its
best and bravest men from its ranks forever.
It debauched Buchanan, its favorite President ,
and made him accept" the criminal embraces
of the South, filled his Cabinet with a spawn
of mercenary tools, whose highest ambition
was to serve slavery even at the expense of
their country. And when slavery declared war
upon the nation, northern Democracy stood at
its back, a little out of danger, and gave it aid
and comfort.
ALL THIS FOB POWER.
The South was united and voted solid one
way. It was a great temptation to aspiring
Democrats, who had long been neglected and
left out in the cold, to form an alliance with
this formidable power, and thus attain to rank
and position in the Government. The plan suc-
ceeded well for a season. Many a worthless
sycophant crawled up from obscurity, without
capacity or merit, to place and power, but it
was a short-lived glory. The people, the hon-
est people, soon saw through the veil of decep-
tion that hid from their view the true condition
to which they were thus humiliated, and they
left the old Democratic organization, as pru-
dent men shun an infected placc, and sought
out the Republican party as a wholesome re-
treat for healthy constitutions, where wise,
patriotic, and liberal principles could be prop-
agated free from the taint of slavery.
REPUBLICAN PARTY GROWS.
Eccruits from the old party organizations,
men of high-souled principles,bearing evidence
of a sound morality, with a Christian rever-
ence for the manhood of man, came from the
Kast and the West, from the North and the
South, from the Whigs, fsom the Democrats,
from the Abolitionists, and the Know Nothings,
and thus an aggregation of great and good
men organized a party whose mission was to
seize upon our great national edifice, which
slavery had been thirty years undermining,
and replace its crumbling columns with the
solid granite upon foundations deep as truth
and strong and solid as right and justice.
IT DID TIIE WOKK.
The South periled all upon the hazard of
a single cast of the die ; it did more, it drew
the Democracy into the toils with it; the twain
had one faith, one hope; the war opened; the
Republicans accepted the challenge; they called
upon the loyal people to rally to the national
standard and drive the vandals from the Cap-
itol ; the people came; they made war for four
long years; they endured hardships, sufferings,
privations, and death, but they conquered;
slavery shrunk back vanquished, and its craven
ally, the northern Democracy, not quite close
enough for wounds, crawled back into hiding-
places to nurse the wrath its failure engendered
in its heart, to come forth on some future occa-
sion when its chances of success may appear
more propitious. So much is history.
TIIEY It ALL Y AGAIN.
A little repose has given the rebels oppor-
tunity to consider their condition and consult
what is best for the future. Copperheads, at-
tracted by natural affinities and affections, have
joined them in their conclaves, and are aiding
them to heal up their wounds, revive their
hopes, and prepare the material for another
struggle for empire.
THE OLD PLAN ABANDONED.
On the former occasion the South, feeling
itself strong enough to accomplish its high
designs of breaking down the Government,
ventured the undertaking upon their own hook ;
they knew they had the sympathy of the Demo-
crats, but they had small faith in their pluck to
stand up in a square light against their coun-
try ; in themselves they had confidence, not
only in the will to dare, but the power to do,
and they rushed on in their madness to the
execution of their crimes.
But now, improving upon what they have
learned in the past, they are laying the warp
of a second rebellion with more circumspec-
tion ; not so self-reliant as formerly ; they are
more wary and cautious, and for that reason,
the more dangerous.
THEIR FIRST BLUNDER.
When these rebel spirits found themselves
possessed of every element of success ; when
they had the President (Buchanan) submissive
as their own slaves to their will; wlaen his Cabi-
net were most cordially with them, and pos-
sessed of capacities mental and moral that
most admirably suited the occasion ; when both
branches of Congress were ready to back them
in any measure that might become necessary
to the consummation of the overthrow of the
Government; when all the offices were occu-
pied by complying creatures of their will; when
the Supreme Court, fresh from its labor of love
and of glory, the Dred Scott decision, was ready
to take any allowable share in the great crime
against liberty, as it had just done against jus-
tice and humanity; when the great Democratic
party, not yet broken up, though giving palpa-
ble signs of disintegration, was waiting to be
wooed into complicity with treason, then it was
thatthese madcaps of the South instead of
working with the machinery of civil govern-
ment, and by a combination with the Democ-
racy that stood ready to accept the invitation,
then and there was the occasion for the triumph
of their plans of overturning the Government,
and founding in its stead the-cherished con-
federacy ; and the stars and stripes would have
soon fallen from the Capitol, and the black flag
of slavery taken its place. This was all within
the grasp of.the conspirators against the nation,
but they saw it not, or spurned the aid the
Democracy tendered them, choosing to rely
upon their own strength and valor to achieve
the glory that awaited them in the undoubted
success of the enterprise. This was their
blunder.
THEY LEARNED A LESSON.
In the misfortunes that followed the rebels in
their resort to force to overthrow the Union
they have learned a lesson, and though terri-
bly punished for their infamous boldness, they
have grown wiser; and as the seed of original
sin is still remaining in their hearts, they are
resolved to preserve it for a more favorable
occasion, when it will be germinated, and a
new and perhaps more successful growth of
treason may be attempted.
WHAT IS THAT SEED?
It is the claim of supreme State sovereignty;
the right to secede; the right to disregard the
law of Congress; the right to stay in or go out
of the Union at pleasure. These are the here-
sies that led to the late rebellion, and being
still retained by the rebels, are now being care-
fully stowed away for future use. We were
congratulating ourselves and the country that
in the overthrow of the rebellion we had cleared
the land of the accursed cause thereof, and that
henceforth, whatever other troubles might arise
to disturb the peace of our people, this one
would not be of the number. Vain delusion!
The grass is scarcely green upon the graves of
our noble martyrs, the brave men who died for
the Union, when the apostles of secession are
boldly preaching treason in our Capitol, and
preparing the disaffected for a second crusade
against their country.
REBELLION IS NO CRIME.
They unblushingly affirm, those leaders in
treason, that it was no crime to rebel! They
believed it was the right of States to secede,
and therefore they only followed the fortunes
of their States rather than adhere to the na-
tion. No crime ! Oh, no; innocent as lambs!
Take the following question, put by the com-
mittee on reconstruction to the oblivious Gen-
eral Robert E. Lee, who remembered so little
of the transactions of the past that on his oath
he could not say whether he had taken an oath
to support the confederate government or not:
" Question by Senator Howard. Suppose a jury was
impaneled in your own neighborhood, taken by lot,
would it be practicable to convict, for instance, Jef-
ferson Davis for having levied war upon the United
States, and thus having committed the crime of trea-
son?
" General Zee's Answer. I think it very probable
that they would not consider he had committed trea-
son."
Very cool, General Lee; very innocent of
all crime !
" Question by same. They do not generally suppose
that it was treason against the United States, do
they ?"
** Answer. X do not think that they sio consider it."
