THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
before the Senate on the policy of tlxe Presi-
dent. Had there been I shouldhavebeenready
to meet it. At the proper time I shall meet it
fully, plainly, unequivocally, I trust, as becomes
,a member of this body. The only question then
was on the character of the document that had
been read; and that I characterized, compend-
iously, as a whitewashing document, and then
my honorable friends rise one after the other,
and like two lexicographers proceed to give a
definition of the word "-whitewash." I do
not accept their definition. I intended no such
thing as either the Senator from Conneeticnt
or the Senator from Wisconsin attempted to
impute. I have no reflection to make on the
patriotism or the truth of the President of the
united States. Never in public or in private
have I made any such reflection, and I do not
begin now. When I spoke, I spoke of the docu-
ment that had been read at the desk. I char-
acterized it as I thought I ought to characterize
it. My memory goes back in this Chamber
further than that of many that I see about me.
I remember that other scene when a whitewash-
ing message did come into this body from Frank-
lin Pierce. We all at that time called it white-
washing, and I am not aware that any one even
on the other side undertook to play the part that
my honorable friends from Wisconsin and from
Connecticut now undertake to perform. The
message was so called because we all felt that
it was a whitewashing document; and 1 under-
took at once to-day, on listening to the docu-
ment that had been read at the desk, to char-
acterize it in the very way in which the patriotic
party of 1856 characterized- the message of
Franklin Pierce.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I am very
glad to hoar the disclaimer of the Senator trom
Massachusetts, so far as it is a disclaimer. If
ho says he meant by the word "whitewashing '
nothing disrespectful, nothing offensive, noth-
ing disagreeable, I am perfectly willing to take
his definition of the word. I understood it dif-
ferently, and I understood it, the Senator will
allow me to remind him, differently, because
he coupled it with another document, the Kan-
sas message of President Pierce, which he now
says was odious to the patriotic members of the
Senate and to the people. That, he says, was a
whitewashing document. He told us that this
was like it. He said that this was like the
Kansas whitewashing message, and was of sim-
ilar character, and afterward said he had noth-
ing to retract or modify.
If the Senator had said in reply to_ the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin that he did not intend his
remarks in an offensive tone, but considered
"whitewashing" a polite and proper word to
apply to the message of the President, I, know-
ing that his knowledge of lexicography is groat or
than mine, should have accepted his explana-
tion of his language.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I rise
merely to express the hope that this unprofit-
able debate may cease. It. is not my province^
to criticise or remark upon the expressions of
opinion which Senators may think proper to
employ, but it really does seem to me that the
controversy which has arisen here between
Senators is not calculated to promote the pub-
lic interests. At a time like this, when great
questions are before us, when we have not had
the document about which the controversy has
arisen printed, when it is not understood by us.
surely it is vervhastvto enter upon a debate of
this kind, and'l tru<t either that we may lake
the vote on the question of priming, or ad-
journ; audi make the motion that the Senate
do now adjourn. ['• Oh, no.'!]
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want a short execu-
tive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the motion
if there is any other business.
Mr. FESSENDEM. This is a mere matter
of definitions, and it ought to be referred to
some maker of dictionaries.
Mr. SUMNF.P. Let this ho print od.
The PRESIDENT pro tewporn. The ques-
tion before the Senate is on the motion of the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sitekman] to dispense
with the further reading of this report, and to
print the message of the President with the
accompanying documents.
Mr. CONNESS. Permit me to suggest that
if I understand the resolution offered by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and not j'et
read, it calls for the report also of the Super-
intendent or head of the Freedmen's Bureau,
General Howard; and if the Senate should call
for that document, I think it would be well to
let the present documents lie over, so that all
may be printed together. [ " No, no." ] Very
well.
Mr. SUMNER. I had intended to make a
call for the other.
The motion of Mr. Sherman was agreed to.
FREEDMEX S BUREAU REPORT.
Mr. WADE. I now offer my resolution :
Resolved, That the Presidcnt'of tho XJnitod States
communicate to the Senate, if not inconsistent with
tlic public service, the report of General Howard ot
his observations of the condition of tho scccded btates
and the operations oi the Preedmen's liureau therein.
The Senate proceeded, by unanimous con-
sent, to consider the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. The report of General How-
ard was made some time ago, andhas, as Ile'arn,
been in tho hands of the President, and is now
in tho hands of the Secretary of War. The
Committee on Military Affairs the other day
sent to the Secretary of War for the report, and
the answer received was that lie would send^ it
in at the earliest possible day, and that he in-
tended to make some suggestions upon General
Howard's report which would be sent in with
it. A day or two ago 1 learned that the Sec-
retary of War had left the city and gone to see
his mother in Ohio. 1 suppose he willbeback
in a few days, andthereportmay possibly come
iu by the last day of our session this week.
Mr. WADE. It seems to me that there can
be no harm whatever in calling for the report.
Ifthe Secretary of War wishes to make any com-
ments upon it, he can do so after it is printed
and in our hands. It has been hitherto with-
held, and I know it is the wish of General How-
ard, as it is my earnest desire, that tho docu-
ment shall be communicated to the Senate. I
hope it ill bo done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume every one
wishes to see the report. 1 happen to know in-
cidentally that it was the intention to t>end in the
leport, and I presume it will be here very soon:
but there can Ijo no objection to the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. There can be no harm in
making the call.
Mr. WADE. Ifthe proper authorities intend
to send it to us, this resolution will not prevent
their sending it.
Tho resolution was agreed to.
death op thomas cottwin.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to give notice that
the members of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, citizens of Ohio,'and friends of the
late Hon. Thomas Corv.hi, are invited to meet
in the reception room of the Senate Chamber
this day at three o'clock p. m.
mrs. lincoln.
The bill (II. R. No! 4) for the relief of Mrs._
Mary Lincoln, widow of the late President of
j the 'United States, was read twicc by its title,
j Mr. CLARK. I move that that bill be put
! on its passage. There will be probably no ob-
t jeciion to it, when it is read.
I Mr. LANE, ot Kansas. It requires amend-
; meat.
! Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that it be
! passed over until to-morrow, a Senator suggest-
: ing that it requires amendment. ["Agreed.''']
! joint committee ox reconstruction.
1 Mr. 00 WAN. I now withdraw the objection
[ interposed to the consideration of the motiou
offered by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania withdraws bis objection to tho resoln-
1 tion ofl'r-red bv me, and 1 hope it will now be
[I taken up and put on its passage.
The PRESIDENTpro tew,pore. The objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution being
withdrawn, it will be considered, by common
consent, as before the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What is the resolution?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered all papers
presented to the Senate relating to the condition and
title to representation of tho so-called confederate
States shall be referred to the joint committee upon
that subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to the present
consideration of that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution will lie over under
the rules.
TAX ON DOMESTIC MANUFACTURES.
Mr. SPRAGUE. • I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved bv the Senate, (tho House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That tho Committee on Manufac-
tures of the respective Houses inquire if the tax from
the internal revenue act upon the products of domes-
tic manufacture is greaterthan the duty, premium on
gold, expenses of exchange, and transportation upon
similar products imported, and if thereby the foreign
product is entered ior consumption upon more favor-
able terms than the domestic product, to report a
remedy by bill or otherwise.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island whether it would not
be better to strikeout the words "of the re-
spective Houses," and confine the inquiry to
the committee of the Senate. We cannot pass
an order affecting the other House at all.
Mr. ANTIIOii Y. It is a concurrent resolu-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not so under-
stand it..
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir, it is. I desire
that this subject shall receive the attention of
the Committee on Manufactures of the other
House. It is a matter that is not generally
understood, and this resolution is intended
merely to dircct the attention of the two com-
mittees to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The better way would
be to pass the resolution here, confined to the
Senate committee alone, and then let a similar
one be passed in the House of Representatives.
I did not observe that it was in tho form of a
concurrent resolution. Is it not in the ordinary
form ?
Mr. ANTHONY'. No ; it is concurrent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator
had better confine it to tins body, and then let
the other House pass a similar resolution for
themselves, if they wish to do so.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have no particular ob-
jection to that, but I should prefer that the
matter should be brought to the attention of
the other H ouse in the niannei that 1 propose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is iu the powei of the Senator who offers
it to modify as he pleases, the Senate having
taken no action upon it. No modification be-
ing proposed, the question is on the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business : and after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened.
freedmen's bureau report.
The PRE,SI DENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting, in compliance with
the requirement of the third section of an act
approved March;!, 18(55, a communication from
the Secretary of War with the accompanying^
report and estimates of the Commissioner of
the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Aban-
doned Lands ; which, on motion of Mr. POM-
EROY,'was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be primed.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate
adjournod.
