1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2105
case, Phil. R., 302.) I am not now to be under-
stood as saying that a Government which as-
sumes to exclude dangerous men from citizen-
ship, or from higher powers than citizenship,
as the elective franchise, deals with" them in
punishment of crime, or that^ in conceding to
such men some rights of citizens, as that of
residence, and depriving them of others, as
that of voting, the Government is either pun-
ishing or pardoning crime as such. Such acts
are no more a punishment of crime than the
exclusion of aliens from the rights of citizens
is a punishment of crime. And to admit such
dangerous men to some rights of citizenship,
as that of residing in the country, and of spar-
ing their lives, is no more an assumption of the
President's pardoning power than to permit
aliens to reside and own property in the country
is a pardon. These very same considerations
prevent such laws from being bills of attainder,
' or of pains and penalties. This I argue not,
because it is self-evident. You can no more
punish and forfeit the property of an alien
resident of the United States by the enactment
of "attainder," or "painsand penalty" stat-
utes, than you can so punish a citizen; and
yet who ever dreamed that the act of July 6,
1798, banishing such aliens in time of war,
was a bill of pains and penalties?
If it be true that our Government can with-
hold from none who are natives of our country
the powers of citizenship, and if it cannot for-
feit these powers by act of law and without
conviction, when the citizen has openly re-
nounced and trampled upon his obligations as
a citizen, then some of the results would be
the following: your Government could not
exclude from citizenship the tribes of Ameri-
can Indians, sit least not such as pay any tax.
And yet that exclusion is as old as the Govern-
ment. Neither eouid your Government exclude
from powers of government pirates, or bands
of robbers, or guerrillas, who are natives of
your country and unconvicted. And yet such
men, by the law of nations, are not only not
citizens of any country, but are the declared
enemies of the human race, whom any nation
may destroy wherever found.
Neither could you declare men who flee their
country in time of war to escape rendering to
it military service to have lost citizenship.
Such men you cannot try as criminals, or con-
vict, because your process cannot reach them,
and besides, the act of forfeiture may be one
constituting no defined crime. Then, too, may
Mason, Slidell, Breckinridge, and Wigfall, all
not only demand the rights of citizen suitors in
your courts, but, as has been said before, may
demand that all this nation's loyal blood shall
be expended in war to defend their rights and
avenge their injuries.
We have already seen that the highest inter-
national authority in the world so expressly
declares the law when he says that if a citizen
does not "observe his engagements to the Gov-
ernment, then the Government is not bound
to fulfill it, as the contract is reciprocal between
society and its members," and that it is "on
this principle also that society may expel a
member who violates its laws." (Vattel, 100.)
There is no authority nor judgment of any
court that does not take for granted and assume
as a postulate the very thing I now strive to
establish, to wit, that nations may exclude
from all national citizenship, fellowship, and
rights men whose character is wholly incom-
patible with the enjoyment of such rights.
Take in proof of this the learned opinion of
the Attorney General, Bates, already quoted,
in which he assumes that if a man's character
"is so incompatible with citizenship that the
two cannot exist together" then ho cannot be
a citizcn. Or take the definition of what a citi-
zen is. I care not whose definition you select.
You may take the oldest, as that of Aristotle,
that it is one who ''enjoys a due share in the
government of that community of which he is
a member," or you may take that of Vattel,
that they are citizens who "are members of
the civil society, bound to this society by cer-
tain duties, and subject to its authority; they
equally paiiicipate in its advantages." In
every definition it is assumed that he is not
entitled to be a citizen who does not discharge
the duties which "bind" him to society and
entitle him to be "a member of the Govern-
ment in which he shares its power."
Or take in further, proof of this the express
authority of every writer upon public law, all
of whom, like Vattel, assert, the power in the
sovereign to deprive one of citizenship who
will not perform his duties. Professor Felice
(vol. 1, p. 145) expressly asserts the power of
the sovereign to forfeit citizenship, and indeed
so does every other judicious writer on public
law,
niSTOET.
I now appeal to history. I assert that there
is not, and never was, a civilizcd nation in
which the sovereign did not both hold and
exercise the power of forfeiting and taking
away, and that by law or edict of the sov-
ereign rights of citizenship wlien its duties were
not recognized or rendered.
Accepting foreign citizenship forfeits all its
rights in France; and so does taking a foreign
office. (Wheaton, 922.) The same is true in
Prussia, (lb., 922.) One who abandons his
country forfeits citizenship in Austria. An
Englishman loses his rights as a British sub-
ject by adhering to a foreign Power. (Whea-
ton, 917 ; 2 Blackstone, 410.) The same is
the law of Bavaria, of Wurtemburg, of Russia,
and of Spain. The same law has been en-
forced again and again by Switzerland, and by
every other European State ; and that through-
out all the period of civilized history.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from Ohio
permit me to ask him a question upon the point
lie is now discussing?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I desire to inquire whether this
forfeiture of which the gentleman speaks can
ever operate until office found by a court of
competent jurisdiction?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I answer the gen-
tleman that it does take effect by act of the
sovereign in the enactment of the law or edict,
whichever may be the channel of commu-
nicating the national will upon that subject-
matter; and he will so find upon an exam-
ination of the authorities.
I have not appealed to these to show that our
Government has the arbitrary power over the
citizen which is held by the absolute Powers of
Europe, for it is not so. I appeal to these to
show that, during all time, and in every trulv
sovereign State which has the power to demand
allegiance, and to confer citizenship, and to
deline its duties, whether that State be, like
Austria and Russia, an absolute monarchy, or,
like England, a limited one, or, like Switzer-
land and Rome, republics, they could also with-
draw the same citizenship from them who per-
formed none of these duties.
The two powers of conferring and withdraw-
ing are in their nature inseparable. That
would be a preposterous state of national sov-
ereignty that can define by general law what
kind of faith, allegiance, and duties done shall
alone admit one to become a citizen and to
demand his Government's protection, and yet
that Government be utterly powerless to de-
clare by similar law that the citizenship had
ceased when all the duties of citizenship were
utterly discarded and incorrigible treason was
put in their place.
THE TOTTED STATES.
I now assert that this very power in question,
of withdrawing and withholding either some
or all of the rights of citizenship from them
who renounce their allegiance, has been exer-
cised by your Government ever since it was
in existence, and. by the States before it was a
Government. There was not a State in which
during the war of the Revolution laws were |
not passed forfeiting rights of citizenship of
them who adhered to the enemies of the coun-
try. The dates and titles of these acts will be
found in 1 American State Papers, page 198.
I cannot here refer to more than one or two,
which will give a just idea of the character and
legal effect of all.
Two years after the treaty of peace of 1783,
Georgia and South Carolina passed laws forever
disfranchising them who had made war against
the United States ; and Sir George Hammond,
the British minister, in his elaborate debate
with Mr. Jefferson as to these laws disfran-
chising and impoverishing these rebels, shows
that these laws were in force in a majority of
the States ten years after that treaty, and long
after the adoption of our present Constitution.
In 1787, Massachusetts passed a law which,
for three years, excluded from voting, holding
office, teaching school, and keeping hotel, all
citizens of Massachusetts who had the year
before engaged in the insignificant rebellion
against Massachusetts which was headed by
Daniel Shays. _ Those who had fired on or had'
wounded any citizen were forever deprived of
citizenship, as was Shays and his principal offi-
cers. Afterward some of them who had fired
upon citizens were permitted to recover thou
citizenship by proving penitence and loyalty,
and by taking an oath of allegiance.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman permit
again a single question?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Yes, sir.
Mr. IIALE. Did not every one of those
laws to which the gentleman has referred
involve the trial, conviction, and sentence of
the persons thus disfranchised before a court
of competent jurisdiction ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I answer the gen-
tleman, no, sir. Besides the gentlemen will
find that one of our naturalization laws, that
of 29th March, 1790, was repealed, in part,
because it excluded from citizenship only those
"proscribed" by the State laws, and did not
include, in terms at least, those "legally con-
victed." And the repealing act of 29th Janu-
ary, 1795, added to those proscribed the other
class of them convicted, making the clause
read: "No person heretofore prosciibed by
any State, or who has been legally convicted of
having joined the army of Great Britain," &c.
So the law of 1802, now in force, is. So that
either and both classes, the proscribed and the
convicted, are excluded from American citi-
zenship.
Mr. HALE. Then will the gentleman tell
me how, under those laws, the fact of having
been engaged in such rebellion was ever to be
ascertained ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Now, Mr. Speaker,
I will stale, in answer to that question, that a
very proper provision in a law upon this sub-
ject, in execution of the power for which I am
contending, would be to provide by law that
wherever one who, coming apparently within
the description of those proscribed, claimed to
be entitled to exercise the prohibited right he
should be permitted to establish his right by
proofs.
Now, then, I go on with my argument; and
the gentleman will see as I proceed how
unimportant arc the suggestions he makes.
The power of these States to pass these laws
forfeiting the right to vote, and these other
rights, was, I believe, never disputed in this
discussion with Mr. Jefferson by the British
Government. Many of these laws were long
after the treaty. By both the British and Amer-
ican interpretation of that treaty tliey who were
in the United States atits date, and who adhered
to our Government,,thereby became citizens of
the United States, These acts of the State
Legislatures, especially that touching Shays's
rebellion, turned them into disfranchised men
who never adhered to any foreign Government,
never were out of the United States, and who,
but for these laws, would have been citizens of
the United States. And vet some of these laws,
without any trial or conviction, forever disfran-
chised them. Some of these laws punished
particular individuals by name for specified
offenses. These were acts of attainder or of
pains and penalties, and such the United States
may not now, owing to an express constitu-
tional provision, pass. But such as pro\idtxl
generally for forfeiting citizenship where men
