1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. POLAND. It will be quite easy for
the' Senator from Kentucky1 to get the infor-
mation that he desires by offering a separate
resolution. I would rather it should not be
added to this.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no idea that the Sen-
ate would accord to me any such favor as that,
disconnected with the company of the Senator
from Vermont. I hope he will allow the ques-
tion to b6 put in the present form, and if there
is any obstruction-to the passage of the reso-
lution in consequence of my amendment, I will
withdraw it.
Mr. POLAND. Certainly if the Senator
thinks that he will be more likely to get what
he desires by having it attached as an amend-
ment to my resolution, I shall not object.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is only one objec-
tion to resolutions of this kind; I do not know
whether it applies to this or not, although 1
think it is more applicable to the amendment
than to the original resolution.
Mr. DA Via. If the Senator will allow me,
I will withdraw the amendment I have offered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know that I
wish the Senator to withdraw it, I merely wish
to make a statement. These resolutions of
inquiry sometimes cause the diversion of large
numbers of clerks from their appropriate duties
for weeks and months together. If this is a
resolution that is to take a great deal of time
and to involve the employment of a great many
clerks, I should prefer it would not pass. If
not, I have no objection to it. I suppose the
Senator from Kentucky can answer that ques-
tion himself. 1 have no desire to embarrass
the Senator or to withhold any information he
desires, but I do not wish, and I presume he
does not wish that the clerks of the Depart-
ments shall be taken from their proper occu-
putions to furnish large masses of information
that are sent here and never read, merely
putting us to the expense of printing. Per-
haps the colleague of the Senator from Ken-
tucky who has himself been Secretary of the
i'reaxnry can answer the question which I
desire to have answered.
Mr. DAVIS. I am satisfied that there is a
great deal of information of the class embraced
in the resolution offered by the Senator from
Vertnont that ought to be laid before the Sen-
ate and before the country. It seems to me
there is a very great disposition among some
members of the Senate to suppress all such
information. Now, I believe in relation to
my own State that there has been received by
the officers of the Government and their em-
ployes there large .sums of money that never
have been reported, to the Senate at least;
whether they have been reported to the Treas-
my or not 1 do not know; and I want to know
whether the money collected by the officers in
Kentucky within the scope of the resolution
offered by the Senator from Vermont has been
accounted for at the Treasury Department or
not.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator has any
reason to suppose that state of things, I with-
draw the objection, and hope the resolution
will pass with the amendment. m
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
committee on 11etbenciijient.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the President
of the Senate be authorized to appoint the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate provided for
by the coneurrcntresolution of th'e two Houses,
en retrenchment. I supposed it to be contained
in the resolution itself, but I see on looking at
die resolution that that authority is not con-
tained in it. I move that the committee on the
part of the Senate be appointed by the Chair.
Th'e motion was agreed to.
message eroji the house.
A message fiom the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Ho'jse of Representatives had passed
the following bill and joint resolution, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. It. No. 792) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to furnish transportation to dis-
charged soldiers to whom artificial limbs are
furnished by the Government; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 192) relative
to certain flags captured during the late war.
enrollibd bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution;
which were thereupon signed by the .President
pro'tempore:
A bill (S. No. 123) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line fr.om the Central Pacific railroad of Cali-
fornia to Portland in Oregon;
A bill (S. No. 28(5) to authorize the construc-
tion of certain bridges and to establish them
as post roads;
A bill (S. No. 269) to define the number
and regulate the appointment of officers in
the Navy, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 015) legalizing marriages,
and for other purposes, in the District of Co-
lumbia ;
A bill (H. R. No. 230) to amend an act to
amend the charter of the Alexandria and Wash-
ington railroad, passed March 3, 1863 j
A bill (II. 11. No. 261) makingappropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1867, and for other purposes ;
'A bill (H. It. No. 601) to grade East Cap-
itol street and establish Lincoln square;
A bill (II. R. No. 709) for the relief of Mrs.
Eleanor C. Ransom;
A bill (1L E. No. 564) to annul the thirty-
fourth section of the declaration of rights of
the State of Maryland so far as it applies to
the District of Columbia;
A bill (II. E. No. 559) to authorize the ex-
tension, construction, and use by the Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad Company of a rail-
road from between Knoxville and the Monoc-
acy Junction into and within the District of
Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 124) authorizing the con-
struction of a jail in and for the District of
Columbia ;
A bill (II. E. No. 477) further to provide for
the safety of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, to regulate the salaries of steamboat
inspectors, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 379) to establish in the
District of Columbia a House of Correction for
Boys; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 159) author-
izing the Commissioner of Public Buildings to
employ three additional watchmen in the
Smithsonian grounds.
cntfoiim bankrupt law.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to ascertain whether
it is the purpose of the Senate to proceed with
the' consideration of the bankrupt bill which
has passed the House of Representatives. I
am not specially desirous to have it taken up
for consideration at the present time, but I do
desire to ascertain whether it is the^ purpose
of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of that bill at the present session. I know that
some of the friends of the measure fear that
we have reached so late a period in the session
that it may not be possible to pass the bill.
For myself I regard it as a measure of so much
importance, that I should be willing to remain
here long enough to consider and pass the bill;
but I desirejfco ascertain now whether it is the
purpose of ti^Senate to proceed to its consid-
eration during this session, and I therefore
move to take it up, and I desire that the vote
on this motion shall be regarded as a test vote
whether the Senate intend to proceed to con-
sider it and pass it, if a majority are found to
be in favor of it, at this session. If the vote
shall be in favor of taking it up, I shall not
insist upon proceeding with its consideration
at the present time, but. shall myself move to
lay it over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator restate his motion ?
Mr. POLAND. I move to take up the MB
(H. R. No. 598) to establish a'uniform system
of- bankruptcy throughout the United States ;
and I desire that it may "be understood that the
vote upon this motion to take up is'to be a-test
vote of whether we are to proceed to consider
it at" this session. I will myself move, if it is
taken up, to lay it oyer until to-morrow, so as
not to antagonize it with any other' measure
to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise simply to give notice
that at one o'clock I shall call up the miscella-
neous appropriation bill, whatever may. be the
result of this vote.
Mr. POLAND. I desire that-this vote may
not be influenced by the order of business
merely. I wish to have the sense of the Sen-
ate on this motion, as to whether the bill shall
be considered at this session.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood my friend from
Vermont to say that if the bankrupt bill was
taken up he would ask to have its considera-
tion postponed until to-morrow, not to interfere
with the proceedings of the Senate to-day. 1
rise merely for the purpose of expressing a
wish that tile bill should be taken up. 1 think
that the condition of the country imperatively
demands that we should passa law of this kind.
Whether the particular bill upon the table
the sense of the Senate will approve can only
be ascertained after it shall be presented to
the Senate ; but I am satisfied that the people
of the country almost universally desire a law
of this description, and that it is important to
the true interests of the country that some such
measure as this should be adopted. In every
commercial country, particularly in England,
there has been a similar law, and, as I under-
stand, at the last session of Parliament a law
for the amendment of their old system was re-
ported by some of the most enlightened men
of that body, which is nearly the same with the
provisions of this bill. They have almost lit-
erally copied the bill that was before us at the
last session, and I think that that of itself, in-
dependent of our own judgment founded upon
our own knowledge of the antecedent English
system, should be considered as very persua-
sive evidence that the bill itself is one proper
to exist in a country so much commercial as
our own.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill to which the Sen-
ator from Vermont alludes, I believe, has been
matured with singular care ; it embodies every-
thing that is good or important on the subject
derived from the experience of England and
the different States of our own country. I think
that that bill with some possible amendments
ought to pass, and we ought not to adjourn
until it has passed. The Senator from Ver-
mont reminds us that we are drawing toward
the end of the session, and he does not know,
or he suggests a doubt, whether we may have
time to consider it. I would say that we ought
to find time or make time for its consideration.
At any rate we ought not to leave these seats'
until we have considered it and done our best
to put it among the laws of the land.
Mr. COWAN. I hope the bill will not b
taken up, and I hope it will not be taken u<
for consideration because it is this bill. I think;
the bill itself, so far from being a good one, is
a very bad one, and if enacted into a law it
would not exist upon our statute-book two
years before it would be repealed. It would
meet the fate of the bankrupt law of 1841, and
it would meet that fate because it contains
within itself the same inherent defect that tha*
law did. This law it is proposed shall be ad
ministered in the United States courts; and I
think that whenever that is done in this coun-
try with a bankrupt law, it will be fatal. If a
uniform system or rule could be^ adopted, so
that it might be administered in the_ State
courts the same as the laws of naturalization
are administered there, where the operation
of it could be brought home to the people at
their own doors, where they could go into
court without the great expense and trouble
necessarily attending upon the courts of the
United States, then I think the people would
