3066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
BUT WK HAVE OATHS.
Ye"s, we have a stringent oath of office for
members of Congress, but how long will it
remain V Every Democrat in Congress and out
of it is for its repeal, and even radical Union
men talk gingerly about its modification; others
deny its legality, and therefore a nullity, and that
if required to take it the veriest traitor could
do so and yet escape the pains and penalties of
perjury. Rebels all say it is no oath, not being
warranted by the Constitution; that is enough
for them ; besides, they are not very modest in
regard to taking or breaking oaths. Put not
you trust in rebel oaths ; an oath never made
an honest man, nor will it bind the conscience
of a dishonest one. A member of this House,
the reputed leader of the Democracy, said three
months ago:
" I am here to-day to say that X would vote now,
and it would give mc ns much plcnf-ure as any vote
that T have ever given, to repeal the present test
oath."
Another prominent member on the same side
of this House devoted an hour to the serious
consideration of its immediate repeal, alleging
"that its continuance is most unjust and un-
wise. :' Indeed, every utterance from that quar-
ter 011 the subject indicates an ardent desire to
dispense with the test oath, which of all tilings
seems to be (lie most insuperable barrier (o the
admission of traitors to seats upon this floor.
THE OOVEUXMKNT THREATENED.
From every quarter where traitors or their
sympathizers are found the Government is
denounced as a usurpation." Why a usurpa-
tion? Because the traitors are not permitted
to take charge of the legislation of the nation.
If this complaint should assume formidable
proportions there is nothing that could be sug-
gested by the brain of wicked avid rebellious
men more dangerous or destructive, not even
outright treason itself. It is claimed by those
evil-disposed persons that, inasmuch as eleven
States are excluded from a share in legislation
in Congress, that therefore the acts of Congress
are null and void. Now, those States aban-
doned the Union in 1801, and their delegations
in Congress vacated their seats, and they have
remained unoccupied to this hour; and it is
gravely assumed that since thev left no laws
could be constitutionally enacted. If that is
so, then we have no Government. It is non-
sense to talk of a Government that has no
capacity to make or enforce its laws; and
yet this is a point now seriously made by our
enemies, and they are organizing party foun-
dations upon the impudent and (reasonable
assumption.
Till! OltrO DEMOCRACY.
A few days since. Judge Thurman, as presi-
dent of the State Democratic convention, m
noticing the action of Congress relative to the
reconstruction of the rebel States, declared:
"And, in view of these facts, I <lo not hesitate to
say that the doings of tho present so-called Congress
of the United States(are plain usurpations of power."
* * * * "To call it a constitutional Con-
gress is a mockery of tlio Constitution."
Sir. George II. Pendleton, late Democratic
candidate for Vice President, on the same
occasion said:
"The Union is broken, not by the collision of arms,
but by tho political action of parties. Its enemies
are in high places of power; they sit in the seats of
tho Capitol; they have ttieir grasp upon its throat;
they throttle it to tho agonies of dissolution."
Mr. Vallandigham, on the same occasion,
said:
" I believe the President will not attempt any vio-
lent measures to drive those men from the Capitol,
though I think he would be justified in doing so, for
they arc not a constitutional Congress. They are but
usurpers."
Vallandigham has some experience in the
matters whereof he speaks, and his opinions
are therefore the more noticeable.
WASHINGTON" CITY DEMOCRACY.
A paper of this city, of Democratic antece-
dents, gives its note of warning:
"These men had better beware. They are not a
legal Congress, but an unconstitutional body of
usurpers. The country feels that tho one great error
or the President was in his ever recognizing them at
all m their self-imposed rump condition. They had
no claim for recognition as an official body from any
honest man or any other branch of the Government."
* * * * "A little Cromwellian pluck is
just the thing needed now; and thero are twenty-
two hundred thousand Democrats in the North who
would back that kind of pluck with a good deal of
relish i ust now."
REBEL VIEWS ON THE SAME.
" The so-called Senate of the United States, in the
absence of the twenty-two legally elected Senators of
the southern States refused admittance to their seats
by the contumacy of the radical party, is not, there-
fore. the Senate recognized and demanded by the
llbxpress terms of tho Federal Constitution, and any
acts passed by so unconstitutional a body are null
and void, and wholly inoperative."
So says the New Orleans Times, the editor
late a Soldier in the rebel army, and therefore
well qualified to judge of the question dis-
cussed. Of course his views accord with his
long conceived opinions; he fought for them,
and ho may well be considered sincere in writ-
ing for them. He harmonizes remarkably
well with his Ohio friend just quoted—not any
less so now than when we were in the midst
of the conflict in arms ; it is the same leaven
of treason ; it means destruction to the Gov-
ernment, and nothing less will appease their
wrath or glut their vengeance.
A Georgia paper says:
" Cold steel lias been invoked before by legislative
bodies, and tho saints are well enough read to re-
member hoir Piide's pikomen purged the Parlia-
ment House as they would winnow the Capitol."
A SK.N'ATOIS'S VIEWS.
A Senator from Kentucky a few weeks since
declared that the time had come when the Sen-
ators from the southern States should be rec-
ognized as the legal Senate, and the Democrats
should join thcin, and the President should
hold his official communications with them ;
he was not rebuked by a man of his party, and
he may bo understood to have uttered the pre-
vailing sentiments, perhaps tho deliberate re-
solves, of his associates in that body.
THE DRIFT OP TIIESI! SENTIMENTS.
They tend to unsettle public confidence,
to render the Government odious in the eyes
of the rebels, and Democrats especially, that
they may be fired up for lnture action and co-
operation in attempts to subvert the Govern-
ment by fraud or force. They are not satisfied
with the results of the rebellion, and they seem
resolved upon another effort to reclaim their
lost fortunes ; aud they are beginning in this
way to educate their followers up to the spirit
of their purpose. Calhoun and his school of
nulliliers did the same; they began the drill
in 1830 ; they were fully educated in the school
of secession when tlicy struck the blow. "Will
the people be overcome with a second delu-
sion, involving the life of the nation, before
the wounds inflicted by the first are healed?
Arc the people so 1'ond of war, so weary of
peace, that they will lend a willing ear to those
master spirits of mischief who seem to have
no mission on earth except for crime, no taste
but for treason, no enjoyment except in
rebellion?
NO LEGAT, CONGRESS.
No legal Congress, because the rebel States
are not represented-^such is the assertion;
then no law has been enacted of binding force
since 1801. For if their presence in Congress
is necessary now to give effect to the laws, it
was equally so during every day and hour since
the rebellion was commenced. Is all legisla-
tion void and of no binding force since 1801?
WHAT OP YOUR BONDS ?
The law authorizing loans of money, and tlie
issuing of Government bonds, that now exceed
§2,000,000,000, received by your creditors, and
those having faith in the honesty and integrity
of the people, and scattered all over the civil-
ized world; how stand these groat interests, if
this Democratic-traitor logic is to be received
as the gospel of the new party organization,
just elevating its odious features to public view,
and sounding the note of revolution in our
land ?
IT IS S1S.II REPUDIATION.
It is aiming a deadly blow at the credit of
the Government; it is a blast of repudiation,
made at a time when the public credit stands
most in need of good words; at a time when
large sums are pressing new loans upon the
market. Who, that has the good of his country
at heart, could be engaged in sucli unworthy
work—undermining the nation's good name,
when its necessities drive it into the market as
a borrower of hundreds of millions of dollars?
Will men take loans while the howl of repudi-
ation breaks forth from a whole party that
boasts of its twenty-two hundred thousand vot-
ers—some of them sounding the scandal from
their places in Congress ?
PARTY KUN MAD.
A party formed of men of noble and gener-
ous natures in all their political conflicts hold
the interest of the Government sacred. Par-
ties may flourish or fall, but the nation must
not sutler. Not so with this crime-inspiring
coalition of rebels and copperheads, that writes
treason upon its front, and makes its advent
breathing tlireatenings and vengeance, and
lapping out its forked tongue for blood.
THE MOB INVOKED.
Congress, while pursuing the even tenor of
its way, and disposing of the nation's business
with all the attention, industry, and fidelity
possible, and to the entire satisfaction of tho
people who sent them hero, yet this party of
violence invokes the mob to drive Congress
out of the Capitol by force. This is a short
cut to revolution, and its advocates boast of
high confidential and official relations with the
twenty-two hundred and fifty thousand Demo
crats of tho North. Can it be possible that the
Democratic party gives warrant for such proc-
lamations? We are not ready to believe the
masses of that party ready to embroil them-
selves in such a conflict, and bring upon them-
selves, and perhaps upon their country, unut-
terable woes. Bad men, adventurers, who
have everything to gain and nothing to lose in
such commotions, may foment them, but the
staid men of the party, however bound in
attachment to old political names and asso-
ciations, will pause and ponder well the issues
that such rashness may present before they
fall into the toils of treason these guilty leaders
are preparing for them.
WHAT IIAS CONGRESS DONE THAT OFFENDS ?
What is the charge against Congress? Has
it not provided all the means proper for carry-
ing on the Government; lessened the taxes,
where it was possible ; paid the soldier; paid
the pensions; fed the starving poor of the
South; preserved law and order; administered
justice; and given to every branch of the Gov-
ernment all it asked of power or money to
carry on the purposes of the Administration?
Who complains that Congress withholds its
support to any Department, even upon the
gentlest hint that anything in its power is
needed? And yet Congress is objected to,
and must b'c mobbed, driven out of the Capi-
tol by force, to be called out by unrepented,
unpardoned traitors and their confederate
Democrats who have assumed the protectorate
of the nation.
IT OPPOSES THE PRESIDENT ?
Is that a just cause for mobbing Congress?
It often happens that differences grow up be-
tween the two departments of Government;
and have we arrived at that point in moral
progress and the science of chil government1
that when such differences arise they are to be
settled by the arbitrament of the mob? If
mobbing is the rightful remedy in such cases,
who is to decide upon which of the contending
departments of the Government the fury of
tho mob is to be directed ? And when the mob
shall have demolished the one or the other, as
the whim of the instigators may indicate, how
is the place to be supplied? If Congress is
driven out of the Capitol who are to succeed
them? If the President is to be the nnfortu-
nate victim of mob violence who is to succeed
him? Tho power that may rightfully depose
can rightfully set up authority. The mob, then,
becomes the ruling power of the country. This
is tho logical result of the proposed remedy by
mob violence. It must certainly commend
