2106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
I
had renounced their allegiance, were not bills
of attainder, are not prohibited hy our Consti-
tution. and are a most ordinary and just exer-
cise of a sovereign power which was and is con-
ceded bvall our history to have been possessed
by every one of the colonies. 'And shall it be
endured now. that this great nation shall hold
less power over national allegiance when it is
voluntarily discarded by a traitor than these
colonies had?
Mr. HALE. I take a deep interest in the
gentleman's argument, and if he does not take
offense, I would like to ask him a question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will yield to the
gentleman with pleasure.
Mr. IIA LE. As 1 understand the drift of the
gentleman's argument now, it is that Congress
may lawfully enaet to-day forfeiture of citizen-
ship as a penalty for having been engaged
in the rebellion against the Government. I
believe I am correct in that understanding.
Then t submit whether there is not another
difficulty in the case, which is simply this:
that by another express provision of the Con-
stitution. which he has omitted to notice, lie
is again precluded, for the imposition of a new
penalty, for any crime whatsoever, committed
before the passage of the act is expressly and
directly within the definition of an ex post facto
law: and whether it is not thereby forbidden
by the Constitution of the United States, just
as effectually as bills of attainder. I do not
ropose to argue or elaborate my suggestion,
f to-day we may by legislation enact the pen-
alty of the loss of citizenship for rebellion or
disloyalty, may we not by the same operation
enact, another or different penalty before the
passage of the act?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman knows, of course, that no law is ex
post facto which is not both a criminal law and
one punishing an act in a manner in which it
•was not punishable when it was done. But he
forgets what lias so abundantly appeared already
in what I have said, that the high obligations
of citizenship are not created by criminal laws,
but arise out of that reciprocal, civil, and polit-
ical contract of the common and international
law which these denominate "allegiance,''
'■* the bond." " the ligament.'' He forgets that
the obligations of these and the penalties which
their violation brings to the violator, all existed
when these men discarded their allegiance, and
that the forfeiture, on their part, of rights then
accrued. For this Government now to accept
and by law declare that forfeiture thus already
accrued, is neither attaching new penalties to
an act nor punishing crime, as such, at all.
The obligations of citizenship are as old as the
Government: as old as any Government. They
aiise not at all out of any criminal law. Their
violation is a violation of civil and political
obligations, and works a forfeiture of the right
to demand national protection and rights, as
well where there is no law defining or punish-
ing the act, either as treason or as any other
cnmc: and also as well where the act of for-
feiture is no defined crime (such as abandoning
country to avoid defending it) as where it is
treason. When, through Mr. Webster, this
Government withheld from Thresher the rights
of an American citizen to demand the Govern-
ment's protection, and thus forfeited the high-
est rights of the citizen, the Government did
not thereby impose new or ex pout facto pun-
ishment, because that no law existed prohibit-
ing the acts (which worked the forfeiture; of
going abroad and engaging in the Lopez expe-
dition. Of course these forfeitures by act of
law ought never be resorted to except where
the abjuration of allegiance is open and notori-
ous : and then should not be extended to for-
feiture of property, but only, as in Thresher's
case, to withholding political power and pro-
tection.
Hut. sir. T go on. From the day of its birth
to this hour your Government has by acts of
Congress both asserted and exercised this iden-
tical power for which i argue. These acts bear
date respectively April 14, 1S02, and March
2l>, 1790,"and were .signed by Washington and
Jefferson. These acts all expraesly provide
that no person proscribed by any of these State
laws to which I have alluded shall ever be ad-
mitted to become citizens of the United States
without the assent of the States.
These acts of Congress are not pointed to as
eases where the acts themselves first worked
the forfeiture, for that was done by the State
laws proscribing the traitors. But I do refer
to them for the supremely important purpose
of showing that it has stood for seventy-seven
years as an unquestioned and unreversed judg-
ment of the nation, that it is right and wise
perpetually to deprive, by mere act of law, and
without trial or conviction for any offense, men
who are open and notorious rebels of all such
rights and powers of citizenship as the public
safety requires to be withheld or forfeited ; and
this, too. as against natives of this country who
have never left it.
These laws were passed by the men who made
your Constitution. They have remained upon
your statute-book, and have been enforced
throughout every day of your national exist-
ence. To-day they remain there, standing
almost alone now, of all the statutes of our
natal era, witnesses of that strange saga-
city, genius, and power which conceived and
planned and reared the awful structures of the
Republic, and which started that Republic
down through the ages upon its career of power
and grandeur. There stand these statutes 3'et,
like sentinels with swords of flame at gate of
Eden, guarding the entrance to our national
fellowship and power; «nd like monuments,
too, of the wisdom of the Government's au-
thors. These monuments of the nation's ori-
gin are now covered with the gray mosses of
near a hundred years, and three generations
of the nation's children have passed to the
dead beneath their shade. And still they stand
there to-day, their foundations resting upon the
granites, justice and law, upon which lie, in
eternal repose, the deep foundations of the
Republic itself. And all over them, from base
to summit, is written in characters as plain as
those traced "by the fingers of a man's hand
over against the candlestick upon the plaster
of the wall of the King's palace," that truth,
upon which all human government is founded,
and upon which stands the government of God,
that true allegiance and fidelity to Government
is the only foundation of Government that can
be; and that men fall from citizenship by the
same '• sin by which fell the angels."
But, Mr. Speaker, I quit this presentation
of the authorities by pointing my countrymen,
and you, fellow-members of this House, to the
last and most terrible years of your life. In
those fearful events which have been around
you, and when good men had forgotten the
partisan in the patriot, and when they were
grasping with the awful energies of despair for
the wisest and best means of national existence,
you have again and again reenacted these prin-
ciples of the Revolution ; and your acts of Con-
gress bear the now immortal signature of your
honored and lamented President. Oh, how
lamented now ! By mere acts of law you have
confiscated lands ; you have deprived of power
to hold office ; you have deprived of the power
to vote ; and have wholly forfeited every qual-
ity of citizenship. The act of March 3, 18(55,
is an exercise of the very right of forfeiture
without trial for which I argue. That act
provides that——
"All persons who have doscrtc-d the military or
naval service of tho United States"—
And who do not report for duty within a pre-
scribed time—
"shall be deemed and taken to have voluntarily
relinquished and forfeited the rights of citizenship,
and their rifrht to become citizens; and such deserters
fehall be forever incapable of holding any officcof
trust or profit npderthelTnited States orof exercising
any right of citizenship."
Unless somebody shall hereafter appear in
the world strong enough to show that to desert
our armies is a higher offense against the duties
of citizenship and a plainer relinquishment
and forfeiture of its rights than four years of
war against the nation's existence is, "then this
law will stand as a practical assertion, exer-
cise, and application of all the national powers
of self-preservation for which 1 contend.
Mr. Speaker, I here quit my groat theme,
recommending to my fellow-members and to
this great people to complete the argument
upon the elements and forces of which 1 have
scarcely entered. But, sir, even in what I have
so poorly said, tho right of this nation to enact
a law to cxclude from the high powers of the
nation them who, by treason, have become its
enemies, and not its citizens, is seen to be estab-
lished, nay, sir, irresistibly established, by the
very nature of all government; by the combined
forces of reason, justice, and public virtue ; by
the very terms, nature, and origin of citizen-
ship : by the paramount allegiance owed by the
people to the Government of the United States
as the "supreme law of the landby the pre-
cepts of the international law; by the usages
of all other civilized nations, and by the unva-
rying practices of your own.
Sir. if indeed it be so that all these are not
enough to establish as among the powers of our
great and beloved but most injured Govern-
ment, the merest right of self-defense, and if
indeed the chief architects of that ruin of States,
which lies there before you yet. almost unallevi-
ated; if the chief actors of this crime, a crime
whose infernal shades and glares are, in all the
long future, to at once darken and show all
that is bad in human history : if all these chiefs
of human infamy, with blood-drops dripping
from every finger's end, and from "'each par-
ticular hair;" if these men, unrepentant, un-
aneled, "no reckoning made," may stalk back,
not to ordinary rights of citizenship merely, but
to the higher, grander powers of electors of this
mighty nation ; nay, may come here into the
very sanctuary of the nation's life, and to lib-
erty's last retreat, and may come, too, as the
rulers of the Republic, and all this in defiance of
all power in the Government to forbid it, then,
sir, have the precepts of all reason, all law, all
morality, all history, all experience, and all
common justice been discarded in the making
of your Government; and then I turn away from
looking at my country's future in anguish, ia
despair of the Republic.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is not so. Your coun-
try and mine has the power to be, and the
Republic will live.
Mr. SCOFIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. HALE. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me for about five
minutes. I do not think I will occupy more
than that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I yield to the gentleman
on condition that I do not lose my right to the
floor.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish, Mr. Speaker,
to put myself in the position of the immortal
gentleman to whom Goldsmith alluded in his
"Retaliation." who only thought of convin-
cing while others thought of dining, but I do
beg the privilege of calling tho attention of the
gentleman who has just taken his seat, and
who has made an argument which for elabo-
rateness. learning, and fairness I have seldom
heard equaled in this House, and in which I
have been greatly interested, to one or two
points.
In regard to the proposition I made that the
legislation which he proposes partakes of the
nature of an ex post facto law, I submit it is
not an answer to say simply, that section has
nothing to do with the case. It is proposed by
him, as a penalty of treason and rebellion, that
these men shall, by legislation of Congress at
this day, be deprived of certain rights. I say
that by all legal definition it is an ex post facto
law and nothing else.
Another point: in regard to the statutes passed
by Congress since the rebellion, the act of 1864,
and others to which he has alluded, I submit
to the gentleman, and I know his own fairness
will lead him to the same conclusion, that every
one of those laws was prospective in its opera-
tion and not retrospective or retroactive. The
law of 186i, which the gentleman read, about
deserters, in which he emphasized tho word
