1866;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4027
States claiming that they were the captors of
flags, and. it will only involve us in an infinite
deal of trouble if we undertake to distribute
them.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr.PoMERO*
in the, chair.) Objection being made, it can-
notbe considered at this time. The joint reso-
lution is referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
civil appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 737) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June SO, 1867,
and for other purposes, the pending question
being on the amendment proposed by Mr. Wil-
son to the amendment of Mr. Davis to the
sccond section of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN". Before the question is
taken on the pending amendment, 1 desire to
suggest that there is an amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance not yet disposed of, and I
hope it will be acted upon before the other vote
is taken. It is an amendment, on page 21.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert after line four hundred and ninety-
four of section one—■
To enable the. Commissioner of Public Buildings
to reimburse the corporation of Washington for ex-
penses incurred in improving streets and avenues
passing through and byproperty of theGeneralGov-
ernment, #47,255 81.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word " Gov-
ernment," the words "under the third section
of the act approved May 5, 18C4, entitled 'An
act to amend an act to incorporate the inhab-
itants of the city of Washington,' passed Mav
15, 1820."
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the amendment of the Senator
from Kentucky, and the amendmentto it offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The Secretary read Mr. Davis's amendment,
which was to add to the second section of the
bill the following clause :
To pay bounties to the loyal owners of slaves mus-
tered into the military scrvicc of the United States,
according to the act of Congress approved February
24, 1864, $5,000,000.
The amendment of Mr. Wilson was to strike
out all of this amendment, and substitute for it
the following:
That so much of any moneys in tho Treasury known
as tho commutation fund a* may be necessary be, and
tho same is hereby, appropriated for the payment to
loyal persons claiming service or labor from colored
volunteers or drafted men, the amounts heretofore or
hereafter to be awarded them under the provisions
of section twenty-four of the act entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act for enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and for other purposes,'"
approved February 21,1864, for each person so claimed
to beheld toserviceor labor, who has enlisted or been
drafted into the military service of the United States;
but such payment shall in no case be made to any
person except upon satisfactory proof that the claim-
ant has firmly and faithfully maintained his or licr
adherence and allcgianee to the Government of tho
United States by defending its cause against tho gov-
ernment and forces of the so-called confederate States
of America, in all suitable and practicable ways, and
according to his or her ability and opportunity.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire of my col-
league whether in his amendment he contem-
plates the examination of these claims by com-
missioners, as I think was proposed by the ori-
ginal statute. There is no reference to commis-
sioners in his amendment.
Mr. WILSON. The payment is to be under
the provisions of the act of 1861.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to under-
stand whether in the contemplation of my col-
league that was embraced.
Mr. WILSON. I so understand ; that was
the object, to comply with the provisions of the
twenty-fourth section of the act of 1864, which
authorized the appointment of commissioners
to report upon these claims. I am clearly of
the opinion that commissioners must be ap-
pointed.
Mr. SUMNER. Then, as I understand my
colleague, this amendment of his is nothing
more than to carry out the obligation or con-
tract of the Government in that original act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This original law, the
twenty-fourth section of the act of 1864, only
provides that compensation for the loss of
the service of slaves shall" belaid out of the
moneys derived from commutations of drafted
persons for military service; so that the whole
question of the obligation of the Government
is to hold that fund in trust for the payment
of those claims; and it provides for the ap-
pointment of a commission to ascertain those
claims. My point of objection to this pres-
ent way and manner of payment is, that it
does not appear that this fund will be suf-
ficient for all the claims; and therefore it ap-
pears to me that we ought not to make pro-
vision for the payment of any of this money
out of the fund which is held in trust for all
until these commissioners shall have made
their report of all the claims which may be
made under the authority of the twenty-fourth
section of the act of 1864, so as that if the fund
turns out to be insufficient, the loyal slave-
owner of Kentucky who happens to be behind
in his application will not find that the money
has been all paid over to the loyal slave-owners
in Maryland, where the commission has been
held. I think, therefore, we are premature in
authorizing the payment of this money out of
the Treasury until it shall have been ascer-
tained, in the manner provided by law, what is
the whole extent and amount of these claims,
and wifo are the claimants. For this reason I
am opposed to the amendment and to making
any provision at this time, because the faith
of the Government in this pledge is limited by
the commutation money, the military fund de-
rived in that way. There is no other obliga-
tion of any description; and fairness requires,
as well as the law, that we should not pay one
claimant who happens to be a little more dili-
gent than another in getting before the com-
mission and having his claim approved, until
it is ascertained what is the total amount of
the claims, so that a just disposition can be
made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. On that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not see why tho yeas
and nays should be called upon this particular
amendment. The amendment is to a provision
of the same sort in the original bill, which is
more obnoxious than this particular amend-
ment. The particular amendment, if I recol-
lect aright, is the one offered by the Senator
from Massachusetts, and I suppose that those
who may be opposed to the provision in any
form would prefer that to the form, in which it
stands in the bill, or will stand if it shall not
be amended. My friend from Vermont there-
fore will accomplish his purpose better by suf-
fering this particular amendment now to be
adopted, and then making the objection, if he
continues to entertain the opinion that the ob-
jection is well founded, to the adoption of the
amendment as amended.
Mr. BROWN. I only desire to say for my-
self that I am opposed to both of the amend-
ments. I am opposed to the compensation in
toto. I do not believe it a contract under the
law as it exists, and if it were a contract, it
would be a contract against good morals. I
differ, however, with the Senator from Mary-
land in this : I think if it is desired to defeat
both of them, the better way is to defeat tho
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, because I think it very certain that there-
after we can defeat the other.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thatdoesdefeattheother.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the argument of
the Senator from Missouri to be simply an ar-
gument in favor of repudiation.
Tho question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Creswell,
Davis, Doolittlc, Guthrie, Harris, II en'deraon, How-
ard. Howe. Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, McDoitgall,
Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Ramsey, Riddle, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wil-
liams. Wilson, and Yates—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Edmunds,Poster, Grimes,
Pomeroy, and Trumbull—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Conness,
Cragm, Dixon, Fessenden, Hendricks, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Poland, Saulsbury, Stewart, and Wright—13.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is Cm the amendment as amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only doubt 1 have
about this matter is on a question of detail, on
which I should like to have a little informa-
tion. What is the amount of this commuta-
tion fund?
Mr. WILSON.'1' Nine million dollars now
in the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that sufficient?
Mr. CRESWELL. I think more than suf-
ficient.
Sir. SHERMAN. The point made by the
Senator from Vermont struck pie as being
very forcible.
Mr. WILSON. I think five or six millions
will pay all these claims.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the United States
should pay some of these claims in full and
the result should be that there would be a
deficiency, we would have to make it good on
the principle of equalizing the sum. That is
the only doubt I have about it. I have no
doubt that to the extent of the commutation
fund we ought to pay these claims. If there
is any doubt as to the sufficiency of the fund
for that purpose, I think the Senator l'rom
Massachusetts ought to be able to satisfy the
Senate on that point.
Mr. WILSON. I certainly have no objec-
tion to the Senator making an amendment if
he chooses that none of this money shall be
paid until the final report of the commissioners
is made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better do
that.
Mr. WILSON. I certainly should not object
to that; but my judgment is that five or six
million dollars will pay all that will ever be
found duo to these persons. The sum cannot
exceed $300 for each slave, and it will range
from one to three hundred dollars. The fact
that slavery was abolished about a year and a
half after we passed this act of course will have
its effect upon the commissioners in estimating
the value of the services of these persons. I
have no idea that all the commutation money
will bo taken; but I have no objection to any
Senator moving an amendment which will re-
quire the commissioners to make their final
report of all cases before any of the money is
paid out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will only take ten thou-
sand blacks to use up $1,000,000, and one hnn-
'dred thousand would use up $10,000,000, and
fifty thousand at $100 would use up $5,000,000.
According to the statement which was read the
other day from the Treasury Department, there
was only, as I understood, about seven million
dollars of a balance in the Treasury instead of
$9,000,000, as I understood the Senator from
Massachusetts to say. The final footing in that
statement, I am sure, was only $7,000,000 and
something, after deducting $2,000,000 that
have been appropriated to some other purpose
or paid out for this very purpose, which I do
not recollect.
What the law of 1804 required to be done
was, that there should be awarded to each
loyal person to whom a' colored volunteer
should owe service, a just compensation. The
Senator from Massachusetts says that that
just compensation is to be diminished below
what it would otherwise be by the fact that at
some indefinite period afterward,_ a year or
two, slavery was abolished. Now, if it related
to any other species of property as it is called,
that certainly could not be a sound proposition,
because, I take it, if a man's horse had been
taken in this way, or any other species of prop-
erty, subsequent events would not affect the
valuation, which must be rated according to
