1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
210T
'•have"—"those who have deserted or may
desert"—has that word inserted in it for the
express purpose of protecting it from the char-
acter of a retroactive law. It speaks of those
who shall not return to their allegiance by a
day fixed, making the prospective commission
of the crime of desertion as the tiling to be
punished, and not the past offense.
A single word more and I have done. I
believe I hold the crimes of rebellion and
treason in as great detestation and horror as it
is possible for a man to do. But there is one
thing that I dread in this country more than
armed rebellion, more than treason, and that
is, to see true, honest, loyal, strong men of the
nation, like the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Siiellabaugek,] in their zeal to put their con-
demnation upon the crime of treason, override,
or seek to override, the plain and palpable pro-
visions of the Constitution.
I regret that I am not prepared to go through
with the gentleman's argument and point out
where it seems to me he has departed from the
true constitutional ground. I hope to be able
to make that effort at some early day.
Mr. SCOFiELD resumed the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. WARNER, who moved that the-House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at five o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Tho following petitions, &c., wore presented under
the rulo and l-cfcrrcd to tho appropriate committees:
By Mr. DELANO: The petition of L. 0, Vernon,
M. D., and others, of Muskingum county, Ohio,
asking a revision of duties on foreign drugs and
medicines.
Also, the petition of William Wolffe, and Henry
Ilowe, and 200 others, citizens of Ohio, praying an
increased duty on foreign wools, and the protection
of the wool-frrowers of the country.
By Mr.WILLIAMS: Tho petition of wool-prowers
of Butler county, Pennsylvania, asking for increase
of duty on foreign wools.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 23, 1806.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Okay.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
executive communications.
Tho. PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting, in answer to the
resolution of the Senate of the 8th of January
last, a communication from the Secretary of
War, covering copies of the correspondence
respecting General Order No. 17, issued by the
commander of the department of California,
and also tho Attorney General's opinion as to
the question whether the order involves abreach
of neutrality toward Mexico; which was or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNElC. I offer the petition of Mary
Johnson, of Norfolk, in Virginia, in which she
sets forth sundry losses growing out of the
rebellion, and asks that Congress will take her
case into consideration and provide some in-
demnity for her. I move the reference of the
petition to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
P. C. Treadwell, sr., who will be remembered
by many in former years as a lecturer on the
Constitution of the United States, and an emi-
nent jurist, in which he calls upon Congress to
extend the right of suffrage to every person
eligible to an elective office in the Union, and
insists that the power of Congress on that
matter is complete. I move the reference of
this petition to the joint committee on recon-
struction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition- of
the members of tho first Michigan cavalry, pray-
ing that soldiers discharged in Utah Territory,
and not furnished transportation, may be paid
their actual traveling expenses to their homes;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying for a grant of land to aid in
the construction of a railroad from Saginaw to
some point on Lake Michigan, in the direction
of Bay de Noquette, and in the Grand Traverse
region; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. MORGAN. I have received a petition
from'the Chamber of Commerce of the State
of New York, in which they express the opin-
ion that the bill (S. No. "233) now before the
Senate of the United States, being a bill in
relation to the appointment of enlisted persons
atthe Naval Academy, and for other purposes,
is, in the judgment of the chamber, calculated
to improve the character and efficiency of our
seamen. They therefore respectfully ask Con-
gress to enact that bill into a law. I ask its
reference to tho Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Columbia county, Wisconsin, praying for an
increase of the duties on wool imported into
this country ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of the common
council of the city of Green Bay, a petition of
citizens of Green Bay, and also a petition of
citizens of Appleton, in the State of Wisconsin,
praying for the improvement of tho harbor at
the mouth of Fox river, in that State; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HENDIUCKS presented a petition of
mechanics and laborers of Indianapolis, Indi-
ana, setting forth that the present tariff docs
not afford them sufficient protection, and pray-
ing that the duties on imports may be increased
so as to afford better protection to American
industry; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented the petition
of John Gordon, praying compensation for
services rendered as messenger in the Post
Office Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. WILLEY presented the memorial of
Sarah A. Monroe, widow and relict of Rev.
T. H. W. Monroe, praying for compensation
for services rendered by her husband as chap-
lain in East Washington Methodist Episcopal
church hospital; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY presented two petitions of
citizens of Blue Earth county, Minnesota, pray-
ing for an equalization of bounties to volun-
teers in the late war; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, addressed to the
chairman of tho Committee on Finance, com-
municating a statement relative to the appor-
tionment of the national currency; which was
ordered to be printed.
minting of a bill.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the hill (S. No. 207) to provide for
the equalization of the bounties to soldiers in the late
war of rebellion bo printed.
reports of committees.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. Co) to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to exchange or dispose of cer-
tain odd volumes of congressional documents,
and other odd volumes, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the petition of Joseph Nock, praying for the
payment to him of damages arising from the
annulling of his contract for supplying the Post
Office Department with mail locks and key, and
also for the use of his patent for the construc-
tion of mail locks, submitted a report accom-
panied by a joint resolution (S. R. No. 71) re-
ferring the petition and papers in the case of
Joseph Nock to the Court of Claims. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
public lands in nevada.
Mr. STEWART. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to whom was
recommitted the bill (S. No. 215) concerning
certain lands granted to' the State of Nevada,
to report it back with amendments. I ask for
the present consideration of the bill; it is a
short one, and is approved by the committee
and by the General Land Office.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands was so to amend the
first section as to make it read as follows :
That tho appropriation by tho constitution of tho
State of Nevada to educational purposes of the five
hundred thousand acres of land granted to said Stato
by the law of September 1,1811, for purposes of inter-
nal impiovcment is hereby approved and confirmed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the third line
of the second section to insert tho word
"hereby" beforo "granted;" so as to make
the section road:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That land equal
in amount to seventy-two entiro sections, for the
establishment and maintenance of a university in
said State, is hereby granted to tho State of ^Nevada.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words "anno domini" in the second line of
the third section, so as to make that section
read as follows:
Six.3. Anri be itfurihercnactcd,tX\\&t the grantmado
by law of the 2d day of July, 1862, to each State, of
land equal to thirty thousand acres for each of its
Senators and Representatives in Congress, is extended
to tlie State of Nevada; and the diversion of the pro-
ceeds of these lands in Nevada from tho teaching of
agriculture and mechanic arts to that of the theory
and practice of mining is allowed and authoiized with-
out causing a forfeiture of said grant.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fourth section of the bill, and in lieu of it to
insert the following:
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That tho President
of the United States, byandwith the advice and con-
sent of thoSenate. shall be, and heis hereby,author-
ized to appoint a surveyor general for Nevada, who
shall locate his office at such place as the Secretary
of tho Interior shall from time to time direct, whose
compensation shall be $3,000 per annum, and whose
duties, powers, obligations, responsibilities and allow-
ances tor clerk hire, office rent, fuel, and incidental
expenses shall be the same as those of tho surveyor
general of Oregon, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of tho Intorior, and sucli instructions as he may
from time to tiino deem it advisable to give him.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fifth section, and in lieu of it to insert the fol-
lowing:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in extending
tho surveys of the public lands in the State of Ne-
vada, the Secretary of the interiormay, in his discre-
tion, vary the lines of the subdivisions from a rect-
angular form, to suit the circumstances of the country;
but in all cases lands valuable for mines ofgold, silver,
quicksilver, or copper shall be reserved from salo.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing as a new section :
Sec. 6. Andbe it further enacted, That until the State
of Nevada shall have received her full quota of lands
named in the first, second, and third sections of this
act, the public lands in that State shall not be subicct
to entry, sale, or location under any law of the Uni-
ted States or any scrip or warrants issued in pursu-
ance of any such law except the homestead act of
May 20,1862, and acts amendatory thereto, but shall
be reserved exclusively for entry and sale by the said
State for tho period of two years after such survey
shall have been made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
I amended, and the amendments were concurred
: in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
passed. ,
bills introduced.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No*
280) to repeal an act entitled " An act to retro-
cede the county of Alexandria, in the District
