1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SB
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist
upon the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washbuexe] withdraw that call
for a moment?
Mr. ROGERS. I would ask the gentleman
to withdraw the call for the previous question,
to allow mo to make a few remarks.
Mr. WASHBUIiMlS, of Illinois. For what
purpose?
Mr. ROGERS. For explanation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will yield
for a few moments.
Mr. ROGERS." This question was before
the House at its last session in this same shape.
It was debuted here, ami it was a very serious
question indeed, not only in regard to the con-
stitutional power of Congress to interfere with
the legislation of the States, or the railroads of
the States, but the policy of Congress in so doing.
So much influence had that consideration that
upon a division of this House there was only
six majority given in favor of that bill. After
having hud it discussed here for a long time,
after those great questions had been argued,
when the vote came to be taken the majority
given in this House in favor of the bill was only
six, and it was passed in ample time to go to the
Senate and receive the approval of the Senate
if it met their approval. But it was postponed
from time to time in the Senate, simply upon
the ground that the Senate were opposed to
passing the bill. And it was put off in that
way, until the constitutional period of the ses-
sion of the Senate h'ad expired; and in that
manner it was defeated.
Since that bill was before the House last
winter, several persons who were not members
of the House then have become members of
this House. There are many here who do not
understand the character and nature of this bill
as it has been introduced into this House. It
is well known to members here that the main
object of this- bill is to strike at the State of
Maryland and the State of New Jersey; to de-
prive a chartered company of my State of a
great privilege granted to it by the Legislature,
by a solemn compact made years ago. The
main object of the bill is to strike at that Slate
for the, purpose of annoying this railroad, which
runs from Camden to New York by way of the
coast, and to violate a charier which was given
to them by the State of New J ersey, compelling
and binding them only to carry freight and pas-
sengers in the State.
This is a matter, it strikes me, about which
there may be a very great difference of opinion.
It is a question of grave importance. The
proposition embraced in this bill strikes at the
very foundation of the righ is of the States. No
constitutional question « hich has been or can
be raised in this House demands more con-
sideration than the question which is now pre-
sented. I hope that the majority in this House
will not press this bill at this early period of
the session without giving members a chance
to deliberate upon it, that we may, in our ac-
tion on a question of this grave character, be
satisfied that we have acted within the in-
tent and spirit of the Constitution, and accord-
ing to the best policy and interest of the coun-
try.
All I ask is that wo may have an opportunity
to debate this question, that it may be under-
stood by the members, that we may arrive at a
conclusion that will bo reasonable. I stand
here, not as the advocate of any particular rail-
road company, but as the advocate of the rights
of my own State, which has recently come into
the Union by proclaiming herself now to be
loyal, [laughter ;] and I ask that no infringe-
ments upon her constitutional rights shall be
countenanced by the Congress of the United
Stales. Theie is no reason now existing why
New .1 ersey—loyal N ew J ersey, as demonstrated
in the late election — should have her rights
trampled upon.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me one moment?
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir._
Mr. KELLEY. 1 wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether New Jersey has come into the
Union with his consent.
Mr. ROGERS. The decision of the people,
as rendered at the election, was without my
consent.
Now, sir, it does seem to me fair and proper
that this House should allow sufficient oppor-
tunity for due consideration and discussion on
this question. I have no idea that a majority
of the members of this House will force this
question upon us now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That can
be settled very quickly. I will demand the pre-
vious question; and let the House determine
whether it will pass this bill now, or whether
the Camden and Amboy and the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Companies shall continue to have
the privilege of imposing on every person pass-
ing over their roads an unjust tax of fifteen or
twenty cents or a dollar every trip.
Mr. ROGERS. Itisinorderthatwemayliave
the opportunity lo disprove just such charges as
that — charges which are untrue, although, of
coursc, the gentleman does not intend to state
anything but what ho seriously believes to bo
true—that we want to have this subject prop-
erly discussed before the House, so that the
State of Nov/ Jersey and the State of Mary-
land may be exhibited in their true attitude,
and that it may be shown that those States are
not disposed to interfere with ihe just rights of
any one or to tax anybody illegally.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
nothing in the terms of this bill in regard to
New Jersey or Maryland. It is a general en-
actment, which will apply everywhere. I think
the people of this country have suffered long
enough from the evils which the bill proposes
to remedy. I demand the previous question.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for one moment.
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose?
Mr. ROGERS. For the purpose of saying
this: that, the first bill introduced into this
House on this subject was a bill which proposed,
in direct terms, to authorize the Delaware and
Raritan and the Camden and Atlantic Railroad
Companies to carry freight and passengers be-
tween the State of Pennsylvania and the State
of New York; and because of the objection
raised here that that bill was intended to apply
to that particular purpose, that bill was aban-
doned, and the identical bill which is now in-
troduced hero was brought up to accomplish
the same obicet.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill
the gentleman refers lo, a much better bill than
the lirst, met the approval of the House, and
would have received the concurrence of the
Senate if a vole had been had. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. O'NEILL. I appeal to tho gentleman
from Illinois to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
yield further.
Mr. J. L. TT-TOMAS. Is it in order, Mr.
Speaker, to move a postponement of this sub-
ject lo a day certain?
Tho SPEAKER. It is not.
The previous question was seconded, there
being, on a division—ayes 73, noes 58-
The main question was ordered, which was
upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the bill lie laid
on the table, and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion of Mr. Jonxsox was not agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether he will not, at some
time bel'oie this bill is pa-sed, permit me to
explain to him the error under which he la-
bors  
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I submit
that the gentleman is out of order, as the main
can stion has been ordered.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in orW.
On ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time,
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 93, nayfe 61, not voting
38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, James M.
J 11 OJ.1) UUJlUj XJ vU V *T vii* XSi. tixiui'g V/JUIJl
well, Buekland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
worth, I* erry, Garfield, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby,
Holmes, Demas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard. James
R. Hubbell, Jaines Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Ju-
lian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, JKetcham, Kuykenaall,
Wimam Lawrence, Loan. Longyear, Lynch, Marstoc,
MeClur?, Mclndoe, McKee, McRuer, Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Moulton, Myers, Orth, Paine, Fatter-
son, Perham, Plants, Price, William H. Randall,Rol-
lins, Sawyer, Schcnek, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Spalding, Stevens, Taylor, Thayer, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, War-
ner, Elihu B.Washburne.Wclker, Wentworth, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baldwin, Bergen, Boyer,
Brooks. BroomalljChanler, Dawson, Defroes,I)enison,
Driggs, Eldridgc, Finck, Ulosshrcnner, Gricler, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, Chester D.- Hub-
bard, Edwin 3S". Hubbell, Johnson, Kerr, Latham,
Marshall, Marvin, McOullough, Mereur, Newell, Nib-
lack. Nicholson, O'Neill, Phelps. Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin,
Sitgreaves, Smith, Starr, Strouse, Francis Thomas,
John L.Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, "Whaley, Wil-
liams, and Woodbridge—51.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Alley, Delos R. Ashley,
Blaine, Blow, Culver, Barling, Davis, Dawes, Bon-
nelly, Farcpihar, G-oodyear, Grinnell, urUwold, Har-
ris, Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.Hub-
bard, llulburd, James M. Humphrey, Jones, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Morris,_ Noell, Pike,
Pomeroy, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rice, Slillvvoll, Taber, Burt Van Horn, Voorbe<|s,
William B. Washburn, Wind eld, and Wright—38.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WEIGHT said, when voting7 that it was
an invasion, and he would vote "no."
Mr. MARSHALL asked leave to explain Lis
vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
Mr. MARSHALL staled that he Lad had
no opportunity to consider tlie bill, and would
therefore vote in tho negative.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The bill being engrossed and read the third
time,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Sir. WRIGHT demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays. #
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordei'ed.
The bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved lo re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, submitted the following resolution;
which was road, considered, and agreed to:
Rioter,!, That the Secretory of Warbe directed to
communicate to the llouhc of Representatives the
present condition ot the harbors of the United States
•\vhci c public works have been built, or directed to bo
built, and what appropriations are required for their
' preservation or repair, and inform this liousc what
' other harbors upon the sea coast, on tho lak<> coast,
; and upon tho navigable rivow, require appropriations
i for their preservation or needful repair.
amesdmuxt of the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. 1 am instruetedjjy the
committee on the rules to report as follows:
Strike out, in line one, iulo 74, "thirty-one," and
insert "thirty-two," so thatitwill road, "thirty-two
standing eommiilees Muill be appointed at the com-
mencement of each Congress/' Ac. Insert before "a
* 1   -1 .i 4' TV! i i" AT>
Mnnri'r to ctjir.id'ii i'lI subjects relative to mines and
mining which may be referred to thein, and to report
their opinion thereon, together with such propo-
