2108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
of Columbia, to the State of Virginia,'' and
for other purposes; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WJLLIJY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a biil (S.
No. 281 ) to authorize the Chesapeake Bay and
Potomac River Tide Water Canal Company to
enter the District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
NITRO-GLYCERINE.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following res-
olution. and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the necessity of prohibiting
the importation of nitro-glyeerine, its transportation
on American vessels, or by land within the United
States, and its manufacture in the United States;
and that the committee report by bill or otherwise.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. I have received this room-
ing by the telegraph, from the Chamber of
Commerce of San Francisco, the result of a
special meeting called by that body in relation
to this subject, which I ask to have read at the
desk, ll is addressed to Congress.
The Secretary read, as follows:
"At a special meeting of San Francisco Chamber
of Commerce, the loilowmg action was taken;
" V* hereas several fatal accidents have lately taken
place from the terrible explosive properties of nitro-
glycerine. a substance whose full powers seem yet im-
per'ectly understood, even by experienced chemists,
whereby gi eat loss oflife and property have resulted:
Therefore, desiring to prevent further calamity,
" it resolved. Thai, the president of this chamber
be instructed to telegraph Congress requesting imme-
diate legislation for the protection of life and prop-
erty from dangers connected with nitro-glycerine.
" Resolved. That this chamber recommend the im-
mediate passage of a law, under a suspension of the
rules, constituting the shipment or transportation of
nitro-glycerine by any public conveyance within the
United States or by any vessel of the United States a
fe!ony."
Mr. CONNESS. I also hold in my hand a
letter from a prominent gentleman of the city
of Xew lork. a small portion only of which I
will read in this connection, showing the im-
portance of as immediate action as can be taken
on the subject, and I desire to call the atten-
tion of the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Commerce to it, that he may, at the
earliest moment of time, report upon it. This
gentleman says:
. "The fearful esplision and lossof life in San Fran-
cisco, ot which Y.'e have received but brief accounts
per telegraph, lias been preceded by one still more
dreadful at Aspmwall, of which your morning papers
will give you them; oculars, both caused by the same
powerful anddar.gerous explosive material, namely,
' blasting oil,' or '.l-tro-glycerine. These two teariul
calamities, t.illowni? each other in qe:ek succession,
have caused much alarm here, especially as it isknown
that a considerable quantity of the article is now in
our public wdiehou.-e=."'
He then alludes to former legislation regu-
lating explosives by Congress, and continues:
" I am well informed that Austria has such a law.
The inventor himself is ignorant of many of the
means wh'c'n enn^e its explosion. Aperson isnowon
his wav to Sin Francisco wi.h a package containing
some twenty-five pounds in his state-room, a quan-
tity sufficient to blow the ship to atoms. Other par-
ties are known to be traveling ■^■•h it m their carpet-
bags on our railroads. Will you move in this matter ?
It is a most impoitant one, in which the public is
deeply interested,
*' WILLIAM A. BAYLEY."
_I desire this paper to be referred to the com-
mittee,^ with extracts from papers throwing
some, light on the material of nitro-<rlveerine.
and also a pamphlet issued by the parties who
haveundertaken its circulation and introduc-
tion into use in the United States. It appears j
that there is a stock company being organized !
in New York, with a capital of $1,000,000, i
for the purpose of manufacturing in the Uni- I
ted States and introducing this terrible ex-
plosive into general use. The pamphlet also
contains an extensive dissertation on the arti-
cle. All these papers I desire to have referred,
with the resolution, to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the resolution.
'j in- iv-.nlut'on was adopted.
The PRESIDENT/wv tempore. It is moved
that the papers accompanying the resolution
be also referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. That order will be made, if there be
no objection.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the bill (S. No. 140) for the relief of Thomas
F. Wilson, late United States consul at Bahia,
Brazil.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution: which were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore :
A bill (S. No. 80) to issue American regis-
ters to the steam vessels Michigan, Despatch,
and William K. Muir, and for other purposes:
A bill (S. No. 150) for the relief of Theo-
dor G. Eiswald ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 29) for the
transferof funds appropriated for the payment
of salaries in the Post Office Department to
the general salary account of that Department.
1 MElt-STATE IXTEECOCESE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take up House
biil No. 11, to facilitate commercial, postal,
and military communication among the several
States.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Maine
who is not in his seat, [Mr. Morrill,] and has
been absent on business three or four days, is
very desirous of being heard on that bill. He
is a member of the committee before whom the
bill has been pending. I submit, therefore, to
the Senatorfrom Michigan whether he had bet-
ter not let itlie upon the table until his return.
I understand he will be here to-morrow or next
day. xV delay of a few days can make but very
little difference, I suppose, in the result of the
measure one way or the other. I know that
the Senatorfrom Maine isvery desirous of lay-
ing before the Senate-the views which he wishes
to present on the subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to go on
with the discussion of this bill; I do not know
that wo shall arrive at a vote to-day. I an;
aware that the Senator from Maine proposes to
discuss the bill: but I desire to arrive at a vote
as soon as possible. It has now been before
the Senate for three successive sessions, and
most of those who desire to speak on it have
spoken ; but I understand some, among others
the Senator from Maryland, desire to make
speeches on the bill, and I should like to pro-
gress as far as possible to-day, and I shallpress
it to a vote as early as practicable.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was unable to hear the
honorable member.
Mr. CHANDLER. I say I should like to
have the- discussion go on to-day and arrive at
a vote as soon as possible. I understand there
are several members prepared to make speeches
now, and I desire to press for a vote at the ear-
liest possible moment. It has now been before
the Senate, as I observed, for three successive
sessions, all of the last Congress and the whole
of this session, and I presume every member
is prepared to vote upon it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know—certainly
that is not my purpose now—that I shall dis-
cuss the measure at all; but I know that the
Senator from Maine is very anxious to bo
heard upon the subject before a vote is taken.
I am not aware that there is any other member
of the Senate who proposes to debate it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I then move that it be
made the special order for one o'clock on
Wednesday next, the day after to-morrow—
that it be postponed until Wednesday at one
o'clock and mad" the special order.
ThePRESIDIiXTprotfflm/wre. That motion .
is not in order, as the bill is not yet before the
Senate. |
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to take it up for I
that purpose. |
Mr. JOHNSON. I am told that the lion- i
orable Senator from Maine if not likely to be
here until Thursday.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, I will say Thurs-
day,
Mr. JOHNSON. Say Friday.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am told he will be here
on Wednesday, and therefore I will move to
make it the special order for Thursday. My
first motion is that the bill be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
bill be postponed until Thursday next atone
o'clock and made the special order for that
hour.
_Mr. CLARK. I appeal to the Senator from
Michigan to let it go over a day or two beyond
that time. I know that the Senator from Maine
expected to be back before this time, but he
has been unexpectedly delayed and inay be
delayed until Thursday or Friday.
Mr. CHANDLER. If lie is not present, I
shall consent to a further postponement.
Mr. CLARK. That will-be satisfactory.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let it be made the spe-
cial order for Thursday with that understanding.
The motion was agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that we proceed
to the consideration of the Post Office appro-
priation bill, with a view to dispose of the
pending amendment to it.
Mr. HOWE. I suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that he let that go over until one o'clock,
and let us go on with a few private bills in the
mean time.
The motion of Mr. Sherman was agreed to;
and the Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 280) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1807, and for other purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Wis-
consin appeals to me to allow this bill to go
over until one o'clock. Iam willing to con-
sent to have it laid aside informally until that
time, as I understand there is no special order
for one o'clock to-day. but I desire to have
this bill disposed of to-day.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have the bill
laid aside informally with a Mew to proceed to
the consideration of House bill No. 172.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection, as I
said before, to letting the appropriation bill
lie over informally until one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be laid aside by common consent until one
o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the Senator
from Ohio is mistaken; there is a special order
for one o'clock; the bill for the relief of con-
tractors in the Navy was the special order for
one o'clock. It was so made the other day,
and I supposed it continued as such.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
Calendar of special orders, but docs not stand
assigned as a special order for to-day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It was assigned the
other day as a special order, and was then
passed over informally.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe wo can dispose
of the Post Office bill in a short time.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senatorfrom
Indiana that the bill to which In refers was not
passed over informally, but was supciseded by
a previous spceial order, the unfinished busi-
ness of the day before, so that it has lost its
place as a special order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Chair if that
bo the effect.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It stands
in the list of special orders but will not come
up necessarily at one o'clock to-day. Having
been superseded by the unfinished business of
a former day it stands on the Calendar among
the special orders but is not to be called up at
one o'clock as a special order, not having been
assigned for I hat. hour to-day.
Mr. HOWE. I understand that there is no
objection to letting the Post Office bill be
laid aside.
