1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
March 2,
They would' also most respectfully protest against
the organisation of the militia, as proposod by the
Governor of the State, as from the ajipomtments
already made, it would be commanded entirely by
the "heroes" of Ihc rebellion, the enemies of the
loyal people and the Government. As the civil and
military power would thus be again in the hands of
tho rebels, our position would, be truly deplorable,
and exile would be our only resort.
They would also most respectfully state that thou-
sands of the people of this district are in the utmost
state of destitution. Scarcely any crop wasmado
last season on account of tho vicinity of tho lines of
hostile operations, loss of stock, and on account of
the great drought which prevailed all over tho land.
The bearor, J. J. Giors, Esq., our Union candidate
for Congress, who has suffored much for th e so ko of h is
principles, and who is well acquainted with the con-
aition of our country, can give you all further infor-
mation. He presented a petilion, signed by many of
us, to thelamented Abraham Lincoln, to which wc beg1
most, respectfully to reler.
Wo remain, most respectfully, your obedient ser-
vants, CALEB KING, and others.
The memorial was referred to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction.
CLERK Of MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. SCHENCK. from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, presented, in reply to a resolution
of the House, a report relative to the employ-
ment of a clerk by that committee.
The report, which was road, states that in the
judgment of the committee a clerk is necessary
for tho transaction of their business ; that the
time occupied by their clerk in the necessary
and logitimatebusiness of the committee cannot
be distinctly stated, varying as it, dues with the
pressure of business ; hut it is, as the committee
believe, much more than the average time de-
voted to clerical labor in any of the Executive
Departments of the Government.
As to what portion of the time of the elerk
is occupied in attending to the private business
of the members of the committee, the commit-
tee state that they deem that a matter of com-
ity between gentlemen, affecting only the per-
sonal relations of the elerk and themselves, and
which, if not in tiny way interfering with the
proper discharge of his public duties, ought not,
the committee respectfully submit, to be made
a question for legislative action, nor even a sub-
ject for impertinent inquiry.
The committee further state that, having their
attention thus directed to tho ellicient. and val-
uable services rendered by their elerk, they
avail themselves of tho occasion to oiler the
following resolution:
Ht'tuhynd, That-tho Clerk of tho House pay, out of
the contingent fund, to tho clerk of tho Committee
oil Military Affairs such aildil ioiml sum as will uiaUo
his annual compensation equalto that of the cierk
ol'tho Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of Hie resolution and its consider-
ation at the present time?
There was no objection.
Mr. SCHENCIC. Mr. Speaker, [ wish sim-
ply to state that tho present compensation of
the clerk of the Committee on Military Affairs
is six dollars per diem, which, allowing an aver-
age of seven months for the long session and
three months for the short, session, gives him
$1,800 for the two years, or $!IOO per annum.
This clerk is, as staled in the report, constantly
engaged, and, as we believe, does moie labor,
regarding the time employed, than the clerks
in the Executive Departments; yet lie receives
a smaller compensation than the lowest class
of those clerks.
It is true that this clerk has at his command
the vacation between tlus sessions; but being
called away during a great part of the year from
any pursuit or business in which he may be en-
gaged at home, his time is, virtually, all given
to the public service.
I call the previous question upon the resolu-
tion.
Mr. VASHBUR-NE, of Illinois. I trust that
the gentleman will withdraw that call for a
moment. I desire to inquire of him, what is
the present compensation of this clerk?
Mr. SCHENCK. As I have already stated,
it is six dollars per day during the session of
Congress, amounting to about eighteen hundred
dollars for two years.
Mr. YrASHB'URNE, of Illinois. I was not- j
aware that there had been any distinction as to I
pay between the clerk of the Committee on
Military Affairs and other committee clerks.
The other clerks receive but four dollars per
diem. I think that compensation rather small,
and I should be willing, perhaps, to vote for in-
creasing the pay by giving an additional dollar
per day. But I certainly cannot consent to
make the clerkship of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs a permanent office at the rate of
$1,800 per year.
Mr. SCHENCK. This resolution will not
create a permanent office. It merely proposes
that the clerk of the Committee on Military
Affairs shall bo placed 011 an equal footing, as
to compensation, with the clerk of the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That will
make a permanent clerkship, and I hope my
friend will not insist 011 it.
Mr. SCHENCK. It does not do that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to put in a proviso.
I have read the report, which is a good one,
and 1 shall adopt it as the report of the Com-
mittee 011 Commerce, and wish it to be so taken.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will have
to take care of his own committee and his own
clerk.
Mr. CONK LING. How many clerks are
there in the House whose pay is only equal to
that of the clerk of the Committee on Military
Affairs ?
Mr. SCIIENClv. That is more than I can
answer.
Mr. CONKL1NG. So 1 thought.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have come to the conclusion the
pay of the clerk might, justly be increased from
$!)U0, knowing what his services arc and that
they are deserving of such increase.
Mr. CONK LING. I wish to say for one, I
shall vote against- this proposition, seeing, as I
do clearly, it is the entering wedge by which
the pay ol every elerk is to bo lifted up. If
this clerk bo made permanent the result will
be to make every other clerk permanent.
Mr. SPALDlh'G. 1 believe 1 was opposed
to the passage of the original resolution which
called for the report, of my colleague over the
wav. But, sir, 011 listening to what has been
read, il seems to 1110 some passages are hardly
respectful to this House, and I would not like
to have the chairmen of other committees to
adopt- il. as a standard work. If 1 am right in
that- construction, I do not, think tho House
should be charged with impertinence for the
passage of a resolution of inquiry in respect to
the intimacy between the committees and their
respective clerks in their labors. 1 wish my
friend would modify his resolution so far as
respects that, and say perhaps it, was not com-
petent for the nio\er of the resolution to say
the ehiiiriuen of committees had not the right
to employ a part of the time of their clerks.
For, so far as the House is concerned, it, was
not impertinent to inquire into the value of the
labor of these clerks and how it was employed.
Mr. HALE. I suggest, the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Rules, with instruc-
tions to inquire and report in reference to the
adjustment and equalization of the pay of the
clerks of the different committees.
llr. SCHENCK. I only heard my colleague
indistinctly. So fur as the resolution is con-
cerned. 1 will make a motion which will relieve
him and the House in regard to any question
of propriety in passing or acting on it now.
But so far as the report is concerned, I will
say nothing was further from the intention of
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs than to charge the House with imper-
tinence. The committee report the general
proposition that they deem investigation into
the personal relation between the elerk and
members of the committee not a proper sub-
ject for legislative action, or even for pertinent
inquiry, leaving it for those who put the cap
011 to wear it. If any person makes a perti-
nent inquiry, of course he falls within the opin-
ion of the committee : not otherwise.
I will now withdraw my demand for the pre-
vious question, and move the resolution and
report be laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed ; which will accommodate the object
we have in view.
The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF THIS CONSTITUTION.
Mr. BAKER. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following:
Joint resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
Resolved bv the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the fol-
lowing artit le be proposed to tho Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to tho Constitution
of the United States, namely:
No person who luis voluntarily participated in the
civil, military, or naval servico of the late so-called
confederate States of America, or who has volunta-
rily adhered to the said so-callcil confederate States
of America by givins them aid and comfort, .shall
ever be eligible to the office of President or Vice
President of the United States, or to the office of
Senator or ltepresentativo in tho Congress of the
United States, or to the oftieo of judge, elerk, or
reporter of any court of the United States, or t.o the
olliee of attorney, marshal, or deputy marshal of any
judicial district of the United States, or to the olfioo
of Attorney General of the United States, or to tho
office ol'Secretary or head of bureau of any Executive
Department of the United States, or to the office of
embassador or other public minister or consul of tho
United States, or to any military or naval office, in
the regit I/11- Army or in the Navy of the United States;
and the Congre^ shall have power to make all laws,
and eaeh flouse thereof all rules, which may be 110-
cessary and proper to carry this article into effect.
Mr. CIIANLER. 1 object.
MVHRMORU's IMPROVED CIIT:TE.
Mr. GRIDER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
AVWiv-f/, That the Committee on Commerce be re-
spectfully requested to take into consideration tho
trial and adoption of Livermorc's improved chute to
improve Ihe navigation of livers, and, if expedient,
to give some means to tc.-it it.
CHRISTINA KL1JKU.
Mr. DARLING. I ask to report from the
Committee 011 Invalid Pensions a bill for the
relief of Christina Elder. Tho old lady to
whom the pension was due died before receiv-
ing the certificate, and the bill only proposes
to transfer the arrears to the daughter, who
supported her.
There was 110 objection, and the bill was read
a first and second time.
Mr. TAYLOR- I would suggest to my col-
league that the Committee on Invalid Pensions
have a bill ready to report that will cover the
case lie presents. There is 110 real necessity
for action on this particular case.
Mr. DAR LING. This is a case of extreme
hardship. The party was entitled to a pension
four years ago. This old lady has been living
in a state of destitution and suffering, awaiting
the action of the Government, and the daugh-
ter in her filial affection has been supporting
her mother. And now the daughter comes and
asks Congress to give her this money which
she has been advancing out of lier private
means. The Commissioner of Pensions has
refused to pay the money because the certifi-
cate was not issued until twentv-five days after
the death of the lady. I knew the son who died
in the service of the country. He was lieuten-
ant colonel of the tenth regiment of New York
volunteers. Ho enlisted in my district, and
proved a meritorious officer. He went to the
war leaving his mother to be supported by the
proceeds of his own wages. I hope the House
will pass the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. I do not object to f-he bill,
but, I do not see that the gentleman is going to
facilitate the matter a particle. A bill on the
subject is ready to be reported.
Mr. DARLING. Let us pass this.
The Clerk read the bill. It provides for the
payment of the perlsion, due to Jessie Elder,
mother of Colonel Alexander B. Elder, of the
tenth New York volunteers, to Christina Elder,
under the provisions of the act of July 14,
1862.
Mr. BENJAMIN. How does this bill come
in?
The SPEAKER. It is reported from the
