1866;:
THE ^ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
land, Pomeroy, Sherman,-Sprague, Sumner, Xrum-
bull, Wilson, and Yato?—•IS.'
•NAYS—Messrs. Backalew, Chandler, Creswell,
Davis, Gkithrie, Hendricks,' Johnson, Norton, Nye,
llamgoy, ,Iliddle, Van Winkle, and Wiliey—13.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Conneps, Cragin,
Dixon, Boolittie, Pessenden, Harris, Henderson,
Howard,: Kirkwood, McDongall, Nesmith, Sauls-
bury, Stewaft, Wade, Williams, and Wright—17.
jSo the-amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer an amendment, to
come in as a new section at the end of the bill:
And be it further enacted, That there be paid to the
several clerks of the Department of State twenty per
cent, of the compensation now allowed to uacu, lo
commence from the 30th of June, 1865, and to con-
tinue until repealed by Congress; and a sum suffi-
cient for this purpose is hereby appropriated out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Iii support of this amendment I send to the
Chair a petition from the clerks of the State
Department, which I should like to have read.
The Secretary read as follows:
2b the Senate and House of Representatives:
The petition of the undersigned, clerks in the De-
partment of State, humbly represent that their sala-
ries, which wercfixed when gold was current and the
prices of the necessaries of life were comparatively
low, are now entirely inadequate to their support
with the inost rigid economy. Indeed, some of them,
who have been more fortunate than others in the
enjoyment of small incomes from private sources,
have from time to time been obliged to sacrifice the
principal from which those incomes were derived, to
provido themselves and their families with shelter
and the plainest clothing and food. Many of them
might earn more by obtaining employment elsewhere,
but some of these have been so Ion? in office that, in
all humility, they deem it their duty to remain until
it shall be otherwise decreed, at almost any sacrifice,
believing that the knowledge and experience which
they have gained is not their property, but a vahia-'
ble one to the public, in whose service those qualifi-
cations have been acquired.
At the last session of Congress an appropriation
was made for additional compensation to clerks in
the Treasury Department. "Your petitioners have no
doubt of the wisdom of that measure, but regret that
they may not have been deomed worthy of a similar
boon.
Supposing, however, that the apparent partiality
referrredto may have been occasioned by an over-
sight, your petitioners appeal to your sense of justice
to place them on a similar footing with the clerks in
thai Department, in respect to compensation.
And your petitioners, as in duty hound, will so
ever pray. w IIUNTER,
GEORGE E. BAKER,
JOHN A. JONES,
R. S. CHEW,
WILLIAM IIOGAN,
R. rS. CHILTON,
JOSEPH SMITH,
II. D. J. PRATT,
THOMAS C. COX,
H. It. BE LA REINTREE,
JOHN P. POLK,
EER1). JEFFERSON,
GEORGE BARTLE,
II. N. GILBERT,
ROBERT A.WILSON,
S. S. BENEDICT,
A. TUNS L'ALL WELCH,
M.S. SCUERMERIIORN,
GEORGE L. BERDAN,
H. B. HASWELL,
W. MARTIN JONES,
THEODORE W. DJMON,
E. HAYWOOD,
GEORCIS G. GA1TRER,
JOHN KRANSE.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the same propo-
sition that was moved by the Senator from
Massachusetts to the consular and diplomatic
bill, debated at some length, and resulted
finally in the raising of the pay of Mr. Hunler.
1 trust that this precedent will not be set 011
this bill. If this appropriation now asked for
the clerks of the State Department is made, of
course, we shall have to extend it to all the
oilier Departments. We passed a bill in rela-
tion to the Interior Department, but that bill
and a bill for the Treasury Department have
been laid on the table in the other House. I
think, therefore, this is a bootless controversy.
Thu proposition, 1 think, will require about a
day to discuss it. I hope it will not be insisted
on. The whole subject of the reorganization
of the clerical force of the various Departments
and the pay of the civil officers of the Govern-
ment has at this session been referred to a
joint select committee with a view to reexam-
ine and readjust the whole civil service of the
Government, and I hope it will be left there.
That committee is required to sit during the
recess, and probably will be able to report at
the next session a fair and liberal compensa-
tion to all civil officers of the Government.
, Mr. SUMNER. It will be difficult to add
anything to the argument in the petition which
has been read; and the Senator from Ohio will
pardon me if I say that I think his objection
does not meet the case. He calls this a boot-
less controversy. I do not so regard it, and if
the Senator remembered what passed on the
former occasion I think he would not have
used that language. When I then made the
same motion which I now, make, according to
my recollection, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance objected rather to the amend-
ment of that bill, the consular and diplomatic
bill, than to the proposition itself; he said,
'' Make it on one of the other appropriation
bills that are to follow." I was not in my seat,
being absent from here, when the legislative
appropriation bill was under consideration or
I should have moved it then. I am now in my
seat when the miscellaneous appropriation bill
is under consideration, and as the amendment
is perfectly in order and perfectly germane 1
now move it.
I have said that it would be difficult to add
anything to the argument in the petition, and
I may be permitted to remind the Senate, in
addition to that argument, that these gentle-
men have now only the same pay that they had
before the war ; there has been no change with
regard to any one of them, while wo ail know
that everything else has risen in price. All
that they are obliged to pay for their support
is more than it was before, and yet they have
only the small means that they had before.
There is another consideration in connection
with this class of public servants of which, per-
haps, the Senator is not aware. In the organi-
zation of the State Department there are no
heads of bureaus, as, for instance, in the or-
ganization of the Treasury and of the Interior
Department. There are no other persons than
a chief clerk, and then clerks under him. I
understand that Mr. Webster, while he was
Secretary of State, had it in contemplation to
organize the State Department on the model
of the Treasury Department, so that there
should be a number of bureaus with a bureau
head, receiving a pay proportionate to the pay
received by the heads of bureaus in the Treas-
ury Department. That has never been done;
so that you will perceive that all the servants
of the Government in the State Department
are on the simple pay of clerks, and nothing
else. And yet, sir, during this time, while
their compensation has been diminishing in
value their services have been increasing in
extent. 1 have here a very curious memoran-
dum, which is not uninteresting, illustrative
of the increase of business in that Department.
For instance, the number of dispatches to our
legation at London, in 1851, was twenty-nine;
in 1852, thirty-eight; and in 1853, sixty-five.
Now, come to the years of the war and down
to the present time, and see the difference.
In 1801 the dispatches to our legation at Lon-
don was two hundred and twenty; in ] 862,
three hundred and seventeen ;■ in 1863, three
hundred and eighty ; in 1861, four hundred and
sixty-three ; and in 1865, four hundred and
forty-nine, in contrast with twenty-nine dis-
patches, which was all that were sent in 1851.
My colleague asks me if it would not have
been wiser to have sent fewer. That question
is not involved in this discussion. I adduce
the facts simply to illustrate the increase of
business on the part of these employes. This
shows how much more they have had lo do,
and yet they receive only the compensation
they had before.
Here is another curious illustration. The
correspondence of the Department of State
with the British legation in Washington, has
latterly been as follows: in 1861 there were two
hundred and forty-eight letters addressed by
the Department to the British legation; in
1862, five hundred and twenty-nine; in 1863,
twelve hundred and eighty-eight; and in 1864,
twenty-six hundred and seventy-six; making, as
the Senate will see, a.very large number of let-
ters every day addressed to the British legation.
I mention these facts in order to bring.home
to your attention, the increase of business', in
that Department, the burden, of which hag mt-i
cessarily fallen upon these' public servants.
YouhavebeenTaising salaries elsewhere. Tie
other IJouse has set the example-by adding-, I
think, twenty-five percent, to-.the pay of its'owto
servants. You have various similar proposi-*
tions before you. I understand that the State
of New York has added twenty-five per cent,,
to the compensation of its public servants. The
State of Massachusetts has added "twenty .per
cent, recently to the compensation of its: pub-
lic servants. Now, I ask that you should add
twenty per cent, to the compensation of the
clerks in the State Department, whose labor
has increased probably beyond that of any
other public servants of the Government. I
ask this, sir, as an act of justice to them. I
do not see how you can refuse it; indeed, I
think the argument is unanswerable. I do not
think the Senate ought to postpone it, accord-
ing to the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio,
to await the report of any committee that shall
undertake to remodel the civil service of the
Government. Letus do thisactof justice now,'
and that committee may proceed with its work;
and I, for one, shall be ready to adopt the re-
sult. I do not wish to see the act of justice
which I now propose postponed for the report,
of any committee.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one statement
made by the Senator from Massachusetts that
I wish to correct. Up to this time, all efforts
made by special departments of the Govern-
ment to increase their pay have failed in one
or the other House. The bill relating to the
Treasury Department has failed undoubtedly
for this session. I said the bill was laid on
the table. Instead of that, I understand that
it was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and that is worse
yet. The bill regarding the Interior Depart-
ment has also been laid by, and will not pass ;
so that no bill has yet passed changing the sal-
aries of the civil officers of the Government.
But on the other hand, the House of Rep-
resentatives, I think, originated a measure for
the appointment of a special committee to sit
during the recess to make the pay of the civil
officers of the Government uniform, and to
regulate it. I submit to the Senate whether
we ought to legislate in view of the interests of
any one Department of the Government, and
that the least important of all. The most un-
important Department in this Government is
the State Department. I think it could be
abolished with less injury to the Government
than any other, because our relations with for-
eign nations arg generally of little account.
Indeed, I think if we dispensed with most of
our ministers abroad, we should be better off.
We do not care much what foreign Govern-
ments say of us, or think of us, or write of us ;
and I have no doubt that nine tenths of the
dispatches to which my friend has referred had
better have remained unwritten. We should
have got on just as well without them. No
foreign nation helped us when we were in
trouble; and now that we are out of trouble
we do not want the help of any foreign nation.
It seems to me that to commence with the
State Department and increase the compensa-
tion of clerks in that Department before we
are prepared to act upon the general subject is
simply wrong, and I hope the Senate will vote
down this proposition, and thus relieve us
from the whole controversy about increasing
the compensation of civil officers during this
session. Let that matter go to the committee
who have charge of it, and let them report at
flip npvt,
Mr.'SUMNER. The Senator, it seems to
me, goes too far when he says that_this case
stands alone. He has already submitted that
there has been an increase in the Treasury
Department.
