1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2109
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If no objec-
tion be made that bill will be laid aside inform-
ally.
ceorge r. frank.
Mr. HOWE. That being done, I move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 472.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
E. No. 472) for the relief of George E. Frank,
late captain in the thirty-third regiment Wis-
consin volunteer infantry, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Paymaster General of the United States,
Army to settle and pay out of any money appro-
priated, or hereafter to be appropriated for the
payment of the Army, the account of George
E. Frank, late a captain in the thirty-third
regiment of Wisconsin volunteer infantry, for
his services, and all allowances as captain in
that regiment, in the service of the United
States, from the date of his last payment to the
time of the final muster out and payment of the
regiment, the same as though he had not been
mustered out as captain for the purpose of
being mustered in as major or otherwise.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
navy pay del'aktment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
197, to provide for the better organization of
the pay department of the Navy.
Mr. SHERMAN. That will take considera-
ble time, I fear. I therefore hope the regular
order will be proceeded with.
Mr. GitlMES. If it does take time, let it
come up again to-morrow in the morning hour.
We can go on with it until one o'clock now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill, which provides that hereafter
the active list of the pay corps of the Navy
shall consist of eighty paymasters, forty passed
assistant paymasters, and thirty assistant pay-
masters. Paymasters are to be regularly pro-
moted and commissioned from passed assistant
paymasters, and passed assistant paymasters
from assistant paymasters, subject to such ex-
aminations as are required by law, and such
as may be established by the Secretary of the
Navy. Passed assistant paymasters are to give
bonds f'orthe faithful performanceoftheirduties
in the sum of §15,000, and their annual pay is
to be, at sea, 81,000; on other duty, $1,400;
on leave or waiting orders, $1,200.
The Committee on Naval Affairs proposed
to amend the bill by inserting after the words
"assistant paymasters," in line eight of section
one, the following words:
And all passed assistant paymasters authorized by
this act to be appointed who havo not heretofore been
appointed and commissioned as assistant paymasteis,
ana nil assistant paymasters hereby authorized to be
appointed, shall be soleeted fiom those who have
served as acting assistant paymasters for the term of
two years, and who were eligible to appointment in
that grade when they were appointed acting assistant
paymasters as aforesaid.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words ''two years"
and inserting " one year."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In order to make it more
specific I propose, at the end of the amend-
ment, to strike out "that" before "grade,"
and insert "the;" and after "grade" to insert
"of assistant paymasters;" so that the clause
will read:
AH assistant paymasters hereby authorized to be
appointed shall be selected from those who have
seived as acting assistant paymasters for the term of
one year, and who were eligible to appointment in
the grade of assi^nnt paymasters when they were
appointed acting assistant paymasters as aforesaid.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill, I believe, changes
the pay of all the officers of the Navy. I have
not had time to look into it.
Mr. GRIMES. Not at all. It regulates the
pay department, and merely creates a few more
paymasters and makes a new grade of acting
assistant paymasters.
Mr. SHERMAN. This, then, is not a bill
to change the pay?
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I have nothing to
say about it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
« william pxeiice.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 231.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 231) for the relief of William Pierce was
read a second time, and considei'cd as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to issue to William Pierce du-
plicates of the following-described bonds of the
United States of America, Treasury Depart-
ment, for the Oregon war debt, issued by the
U nited States under an act of Congress approved
March 2, 1801, payable at any time after the
1st of July, 1881, at the Treasury of the United
States, with interest at the rate of six per cent,
per annum, namely: No. 07!), No. 082, No. (581,
and No. 270, with coupons attached; the first
three bonds being for the sum of $100 each,
and the last named being for $50, each of them
being signed L. E. Chittenden, Register of the
Treasury, and each of the coupons attached
being signed by G. Luff: but before the issue
of the new duplicate bonds William Pierce is
to execute and deposit with the Secretary of
the Treasury of the United Slates, to the full
acceptance and satisfaction o!' the Treasurer,
such bond of indemnity as is usually required
by the regulations of the Treasury Department
for the issue of duplicate certificates of inscribed
stock.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report in this
ease ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes sir. The bonds were
lost by the burning of the steamer Golden
Gate. The proof of the loss is as complete as
it can be, and the petitioner is to give the bond
of indemnity that is usually required by the
regulations of the Treasury Department for
the issue of duplicate certificates of inscribed
stock.
Mr. HOWARD. What was the amount of
the bonds lost?
Mr. ANTHONY. Three hundred and fifty
dollars.
Mr. CLARK. The case is well proved.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is this like the case we
acted upon the other day ?
Mr. ANTHONY. We have passed a num-
ber of cases on the same specifications.
Mr. CLARK. The bonds are fully identi-
fied and the loss well proved.
Mr. ANTHONY. The report is very short,
if Senators desire to have it read, but I think
it is unnecessary to read it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
mrs. jerusha witter.
' Mr. K1RKWOOD. I ask the Senate to take
up for consideration Senate bill No. 270.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 276) for the relief of Mrs. Jerusha Witter,
was read a second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It diiects the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place the name of Mrs.
Jerusha Witter, widow of Dr. Amos Witter,
late surgeon of the seventh regiment Iowa in-
fantry volunteers, on the pension-roll, at the
rate of twenty-five dollars per month, to com-
mence from the date of her application for a
pension, and to continue during her widow-
hood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call for the regular
order.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 280) making appropriations for
the service ofthe Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30tli of June, 1807,
and for other purposes, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Hundeusost
to add the following as an additional section:
Sr:c. —. And be it further enacted. That in all cases
in which persons have been appointed, eitherduring
the recess or during the session of the Senate, as
assistant postmasters or other civil officers under the
Government, whoso appointments require tlio con-
sent of the Senate, and whose appointments, having
been submitted to the Senate, have been rejected or
not consented to before tile adjournment thereof, no
money shall be drawn from the Treasury, or used
from any fund or appropriation made or creatcd by
law, to pay toe salaries of such pel sons under such
appointments, or under any previous appointment
to the same office, for services rendered after said
adjournment. And if any such person shall, after
such adjournment, bo appointed to the same office,
no money shall be drawn or used as aforesaid to pay
his salary until his appointment shall have been con-
sented to by the Senate at its succccding session.
Mr. JOHNSON. When the amendment now
before the Senate was offered, 1 suggested to
the Senate and to the mover of the amendment
that it was perhaps doubtful whether we had
the power to pass a law of that kind. The
Government have acted under the. belief,
founded upon the advice that they have received
from the law officer of the Government, on sev-
eral occasions, that a commission issued by the
President during a recess of the Senate, when
ho has clearly the authority to appoint, con-
tinues to the end of the next succeeding session
of Congress or of the Senate, whether or not
the nomination of the particular officer has in
the mean time been by the Senate rejected, they
being of opinion—and I certainly am not pre-
pared to say that they are wrong—that the
power conferred upon the President is a power
which Congress cannot directly take away.
However it might be if the provision was a
prospective one, yet if the true meaning of
those commissions is, that they continue until
the end of the succceding session, the party
who may be in office under the commission is
entitled to bo paid; and the fact, therefore, of
the adoption of this amendment, if that is the
condition of the officer, if he has the right to
his salary which the appointment gives him,
will be, virtually, to repudiate an obligation
which the Government has contracted. From
the reading of the amendment at the desk, I
suppose it goes to that extent. I submit,
therefore, to the honorable member from Mis-
souri whether ho had not better modify it, if
it is to pass at all, so as to clear it of all con-
stitutional difficulty, and above all to clear it
from a result which would seem to me to bo
apparent, that the Senate are sanctioning a
repudiation of obligations properly contracted
by the Government through the President.
The honorable member suggests to me that
I have not properly apprehended the extent of
his amendment. What 1 havo said was said
on what I supposed it to be as it was read from
the desk. I have the amendment now in my
hand, and I will read it for the purpose of ascer-
taining whether I have properly apprehended
it. It is:
Seo. —. And hr it further enacted, That in all eases
in which pers-on> have been appomted, either during
the recess or duiinjrthe session of the Senate, as as-
sistant postmafturs or other civil officers under the
| Government, whoso appointments require the con-
sent of the Senate, and whose appointments, having
! boon submitted to the Senate, have been rejected or
! not consented to before the adjournment thereof, no
! money shall be drawn from the Treasui y, or used froit-
,i any fund or npproprintionmadeorereated by ifiw.to
i, pay the salaries of such persona under such appoint-
;j ments, or under any previous appointment to tue
! same ofiiee, for services rendered after said adjourn-
ment. And if any such person shall, after sucbaa-
!■ journment, he appointed to the same office, no money
j shall be drawn or used as aforesaid to paty ins salary
; until his appointment shall^have been consented to
j, by the Senate at its succeeding session.
lj The latter part of the amendment was not
j, in the section as originally proposed. I think
