1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8069
alluring promises of "My Policy" had given
the hope of returning power to the leaders of
the rebellion. The eloquent gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Williams] says:
" Eleven of the columnar supports of our political
cdiiice are now lying around us, like the giant col-
umns of Taximor and Palmyra, with shaft and Cap-
itol and architrave alike shattered by the mighty
convulsion that has laid them all in rums. \Y here is
the hand that is to lift these columns to their place?
Where, indeed, is the power that shall reunite
these dissevered fragments ? One, as by author-
ity, says: _
*' J J24,1865.
The government of the State will be provisional
only until the civil authorities shall be restored, with
the approval of Congress. Meanwhile military au-
thority cannot be ^ ^
To "W. L.Sharkey.
And again: October, 1865. *
It must, however, bo distinctly understood that the
restoration to which your proclamation refers will be
subject to the decision .fC.^ „ gEWARD.
His Excellency William Marvin*, Provisional Gov-
ernor of the State of Florida, Tallahassee.
Secretary Seward in these official dispatches
answers the que-y by informing Governors
Sharkey and Marvin that the power and the
right to restore are with Congress. This is a
logical and just answer ; for in our Government
sovereignty is in the people alone. Its exer-
cise is intrusted to agents. If the functions of
these rebel States were " suspended" the sov-
ereign power alone can grant relief. But to
which of the agents must they apply ? Cer-
• tainly not to the judicial, for that only interprets;
nor to the Executive, for he only executes the
law ; but to Congress, which has full power to
extend the necessary relief. The Supreme
Court has settled this point clearly:
"Tor, ;is the United State; gum-antics to each a
republican government., Congress must necessarily
decide what government is established m a State
before it can dotcmnino whether it is republican or
not.''—7 Howard, 42.
Having, as I trust, Mr. Speaker, clearly,
fully, and comprehensively demonstrated that
Congress not only has the right, but that it is
its bounden duty, to legislate upon and deter-
mine this question, I will proceed briefly to
analyze its action.
The joint committee of the two Houses of
Congress in the legitimate exercise of their
powers, after patient investigation and delib-
eration, have presented a scries of measures,
in the form of a constitutional amendment,
which I earnestly commend to the acceptance
of this House. These measures are the result
of the deliberations of the soldiers and states-
men who saved the Republic from the rebel-
lion. They secure the rights of the rescued
freedmen and prepare a sure way for their ulti-
mate equality before the law. They annihilate
forever the distinctions erected by a corrupt
aristocracy; they sanctify the public obliga-
tions and repudiate all claims in the name of
therebellion. Divine-like, they hold out to the
most offending the prospect of final forgiveness,
in return for future fidelity and loyalty. What
hero who fought for his country, or what citizen
who honors such a hero, or what philanthropist
will refuse to take his stand under the flag
which floats over a platform so broad, so cath-
olic, and so comprehensive?
Mr. Speaker, shall I point you to a statement
of these propositions?
1. Giving constitutional sanction and protec-
tion to the substantial guarantees of the civil
rights bill, which passed both branches of Con-
gress over the President's veto, and has been
assailed because it was supposed to be infring-
ing the provisions of that instrument as it stands.
'I. Confining the basis of representation among
the several States to the whole number of per-
sons in each State that enjoy the elective fran-
chise, thus cutting up by the roots and forever
destroying a system under which the southern
aristocracy has represented other human beings,
their equals before God and man, who were
deprived of civil and political rights.
3. That all classes who have previously, as
members of Congress, and other officers of the
United States, or members of any State Legis-
lature, or executive or judicial officers of any
State, sworn to support the Constitution of the
United States, and shall have engaged in in-
surrection or rebellion against the same, shall
hereafter bo deprived of all right to hold the
position of Senator or Representative in Con-
gress, elector of President or Vice President, or
any office, civil or military, under the Govern-
ment of the United States, or any of the States.
This will reach all the chiefs of thq rebellion,
civil and military, extending to the officers of
the rebel army and navy, members of Congress
and State Legislatures, and the State and local
judiciary; and is the substitute for the third
section opposed by the radicals because it did
not go far enough on the one hand, and by the
conservatives because it went too far on the
other. This provision is to stand until two
thirds of the Congress of the United States
shall consent to its abrogation.
4. The recognition of the war debt for the
suppression of the insurrection and for the
payment of bounties or pensions to our sol-
diers as an inviolate and inviolable obliga-
tion upon ourselves and posterity.
5, (which is the original fourth section.)
The solemn declaration that neither the Uni-
ted States nor any State shall assume or pay
any debt or obligation in aid of insurrection or
rebellion, or any claim for compensation or
emancipation of slaves.
0. That Congress shall have power to enforce
by appropriate legislation the provisions of this
article.
Personally, my preference would have been
that this Congress had gone a step further and
declared for equality of suffrage. I believe if
the battle had boon fought bravely on that issue
it would have won ; and once won, all agitation
on the subject of races would have ceased for-
ever. Men speedily and always acquiesce in
the inevitable. We must come to that in the
end, and soon. A nation must act on its
declared principles. That all men arc created
"equal" in rights is no glittering generality.
It is God's truth I
A majority of my colleagues think differently
on this subject, and I yield my personal pref-
erences. And I deem it no treason to princi-
ple to advance toward a great truth and a
great reform one step at a time. Time alone
effaces deep prejudices, and nature effects all
things gradually. I am content, then, under
the circumstances, to see "civil rights" as-
serted here, with the other beneficent, meas-
ures proposed, and await patiently the action
of time and the "sober second thought" of
the people on the question of suffrage.
But, sir, let us examine this subject still fur-
ther and see what light experience and ex-
periment have thrown upon it. As the prin-
ciples of our Government require that the
people at largo should be the depositaries of
civil power, it is essential, therelore, that the
whole people be trained as rapidly as possible
to the exercise of this power.
It is hence desirable that the elective fran-
chise should be made as broad as will consist
with safety and order. The principle is plain
enough; respecting its application there is a
great variety of opinion. Some contend that
in the reconstruction of these States the bal-
lot and the right of holding office should be
confined to whites who have always been loyal.
Adopt this rule and how many voters and office-
holders could be found in South Carolina?
Could a score? Could many more be found
in any one of the cotton States? Some would
add to these the amnestied rebels. Experience,
that teaches the dearest of all schools, has
shown us that this places the civil power and
governmental machinery in the hands of those
" Who, having sworn against their will,
Are of the same opinion still."'
And not only of the same opinion, but of
the same traitorous purpose, to be put in exe-
cution as first as prudence and a wise caution
will allow. The oaths are taken, to a wide
extent, with a mental reservation amounting'
to perjury. This perjury is even justified and
recommended by many influential papers at the*
South. "We have a right,'' say they, '' to vote
and hold our property. Any obstacle, there-
fore, thrown in the way by an oppressive Gov-
ernment at Washington, whose rightful author-
ity we do not recognize, is in its own nature
null and void."
The determination of the intelligent, influen-
tial classes at the South is manifestly to keep
just as much as possible of slavery, aristocracy,
State sovereignly, and disloyalty; to make our
victory as barren of results as they can ; and,
defeated by arms, still to conquer by political
action and party intrigue. Will we allow this
wicked triumph by yielding to the clamor against
color? "By their fruits shall ye know them,"
is the teaching of eternal truth. In the light
of this divine enunciation, how much longer
shall we follow that false philosophy, which
leads only to bewilder? What political fruits
have we reaped from these southern fields by
giving the ballot exclusively to tjie pardoned
and amnestied whites and denying it to the
loyal blacks? Lot the results of tlieir elections
answer.
Beginning with North Carolina, the first
State reorganized under the proclamation of
the President, and then taking the other States
in the order of their reconstruction, we find that
she vindicates the sincerity of her loyal profes-
sions by electing J onathan Worth, a rebel, Gov-
ernor, over Holden, professedly loyal. William
A. Graham and .John Pool, Senators, neither
of whom can take the required oath, and Messrs.
Slubbs, Clark, Puller, Turner, Brown, Walkup,
and Jones, an unbroken delegation of disloyal
men, to the Ilouse of Representatives. (Elec-
tion held fiist Thursday in November, 1865;
provisional governor appointed May *29,1865.)
Reorganized Mississippi elects Benjamin G.
Humphreys, a general in the rebel army, Gov-
ernor, and J. L. Alcorn and W. L. Sharkey
Senators. Alcorn was also a general in the _
rebel service, and cannot take the necessary
oath. Sharkey might perhaps do so. Elect-
ing also Messrs. Reynolds, Pierson, Harrison,
West, and Peyton to Congress. Reynolds was
a colonel and served faithfully in the field dur-
ing the war, and Pierson, Harrison, and West
are so compromised by the rebellion that they
cannot take the oath of office. Mr. Peyton, I
understand, has been a consistent Union man
throughout. (Provisional governor appointed
June 13, 5 805; election held second Monday
in October, 1865.)
Georgia, reconstructed, but not clothed in her
right mind, elects Charles J. Jenkins Governor,
and sends the rebel vice president, Alexander
H. Stephens, and that unrepentant rebel, ITer-
sehel V. Johnson, to the Senate, and Cohen,
Cook, Buchanan, Cabaniss, Matthews, Christy,
and Wofford, an entire delegation of traitors,
to represent the State and its people in the Con-
gress of the Unitod States. (Provisional gov-
ernor appointed June 17, 1865; election held
October 4, 1865.)
Reconstructed Alabama, but unrepentant,
elected Robert M. Patton, an active and bitter
secessionist, Governor, and made Lewis E.
Parsons and George S. Houston Senators, and
Langdon, Freeman, Battle, Taylor, Pojdc, and
Foster Representatives in Congress. iNot one
of these can take the prescribed oath of office.
Langdon is a most bitter rebel: Freeman a
colonel, and served through the war; Battle
was a brigadier general in the rebel army ; and
Foster was a member of the rebel congress.
(Provisional governor appointed June 21,1865;
election held first Monday iu November, 1865.)
Rebels unrepentant and unrepenting reor-
ganized Florida by electing a disloyal man ior
Governor, for one Senator, and for Repre-
sentative in Congress. And as a matter oi
prudent policy Governor Marvin, a truly loyal
man, was sent to the Senate to fill the term
which expires March next. Judge Marvin, I
apprehend, does not stand the ghost of a chance
for reelection, unless in the meantime the leop-
ard should change his spots, and the Ethio-
pian his skin. (Provisional governor appointed
July 13.1865; election held October 10, i860.)
