1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendment to the Constitution may deprive the
other fourth of the States of every sovereign
power which was reserved to the States at the
time they entered into and made the American
Union. If, I say, Congress and three fourths
of the States, by an amendment to the Constitu-
tion, have a right to deprive the States of a
power which they have in their inherent right,
which they claimed and owned before they en-
tered into the Federal Union, and can control
their domestic concerns in that manner, then
anamendmentto the Constitution might deprive
a State of a Governor, and a court, and every
single domestic institution and policy which
existed in the State.
Now, I have not yet learned to believe, from
the wisdom which I have seen exercised by
those who have gone before me, and from read-
ing the Constitution of the United Stales, that
the men who made and framed the Constitu-
tion ever intended that an amendment should
be made to it so as to deprive any portion of
the States of any rights which those States' did
not give up to the Federal Government, which
they did not hand over to the Federal Govern-
ment, which they did not give the Federal
Government the power and authority to act
upon. In other words, the right to hold a court,
the right to elect a Governor, the right to elect
and hold a Legislature, all rights which were
reserved to the States, are rights which were
never delegated to the Federal Government,
over which the Federal Government, neither
by an amendment of the Constitution, nor in
any other manner, has any right, of interference.
If those rights cannot lie interfered with, if
a State has a right to hold its own courts, elect
its own Legislature and its own Governor, if it
hasarightto control its own domestic resources,
then by an amendment of the Constitution of
the United States can the right which the peo-
ple of a State in some future time may see fit
to exercise, to pay a debt which they may con-
sider themselves under a moral obligation to
pay, be interfered with in this manner?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Does (lie gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] hold that the
framers of the Constitution intended to give a
State the right to tax its people, the loyal people
of the State, if Ihete are any, to pay a debt in-
curred in a rebellion against the Constitution
and Government of the United States?
Mr. ROGERS. That is not the point. They
gave tfie people the right through their Legis-
latures to tax themselves to pay any debt they
may see fit to pay, and whether that debt was
contracted in a righteous or an unrighteous,
ajust or an unjust cause, makes no difference
in regard to the right of the State. The great
question is, did the States, when they entered
into the American Union, give up the right to
control, by their own Legislatures, what debts
shall be paid by them?
Mr._ STEVEN'S. Will the gentleman state
what is the use of the power of amending the
Constitution unless that gives the power to
change the condition of the States as well as
the laws of the nation?
Mr. ROGERS. The use of it is this: the
framers of the Constitution gave to Congress
and three fourths of the States the right to
amend the Constitution in everything that comes
within the spirit of the Constitution, in every-
thing that lay at its foundation. They have
no right to change the whole Government by
an amendment of the Constitution. You have
no right to make of this Government a mon-
archy, to change the attitude of the President.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether it is one of the reserved rights of
a State to break up the Government?
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir: I do not contend for
any such thing. But it was a right of a State
to pay its own debts in its own way, in its own
manner, and at its own time, and three fourths
of the States have no right, by an amendment
of the Constitution, to say that the other fourth
of the States shall not pay any debt they may
see fit to pav. I am not here arguing in favor
of paying the rebel debt, or in favor of the re-
bellion, for I denounce it; but 1 am here to
stand up for the rights of civil liberty, the rights
of the States not to be invaded by a majority
of this House, taking away from them reserved
rights which they had fought for and wrested
from the tyranny and despotism of King George,
and which they supposed they had firmly im-
planted in themselves, and had never given
away or turned over to the authority and con-
trol of the Federal Government.
Can the Constitution of the United States be
'amended in every respect and in everyway?
Unless it can be, unless there is supreme, un-
limited, controlling power in two thirds of both
Houses of Congress, and three fourths of the
States, to take away all the rights of the indi-
vidual States, then there is no power, under
the spirit and reason of the organic law, to take
away from a State any right which that State
reserved at the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution — which it never intended to place
under the control of the Federal Government,
but of which it expected to retain the exclusive
control within its own domain, and under its
own sovereign authority, without any right of
interference on the part of any other State or
of the General G overnment.
I know that the Constitution of the United
States provides that two thirds of both Houses
of Congress may propose amendments which
shall be valid when ratified by the Legislatures
of three fourths of the several States, or by con-
ventions in three fourths thereof; and the only
express limitations of this power are that no
amendment made prior to 1808 shall affect the
provision with reference to the importation of
slaves, and that no State, without its consent,
shall be deprived of its equal voice in the Sen-
ate. It has been argued that, as these are the
only exceptions or limitations specified, there
resides with two thirds of both Houses of Con-
gress and three fourths of the States an unlim-
ited power to amend the Constitution in every
other particular.
Mr. SHEl^LABARGER. If the gentleman
will allow me to interrupt him for one moment,
i desire to inquire whether, in liopinion, it is [
competent so to amend the Constitution of the
United States as to prohibit a State from rebel-
ling ; and if it is, then why is it not competent to
provide by amendment that a State may not
pay the expenses of carrying on a rebellion?
Mr. ROGERS. It would be competent to
amend the Constitution of the United States so
as to provide that a State shall be forbidden to
rebel. By the Constitution, as it now stands,
the States are forbidden to rebel. Although
it is not written in the Constitution in express
words that no State may rebel, that no State
may secede, that no State may withdraw from
the Union, yet the spirit of the Constitution, the
foundation stone which lies at the base of our
whole structure of government, denies the right
of any State to withdraw from the compact into
which it entered when it, with the other States,
formed the American Union.
But that is not the question now before the
House. A rebellion has taken place, a •war
has been carried on, a debt has been created,
money lias been loaned by individuals; and my
proposition is simply, to leave to the States
concerned the right to say hereafter whether
they will pay that debt or not. It is not the
business of New Jersey, of Pennsylvania, of
Ohio, or of any other State, to say whether
Virginia, through the action of her Legislature
Or her people, shall pay her own debt, which,
though contracted in an unholy cause, may be
deemed in after years, according to the judg-
ment of her people or their descendants, neces-
sary to be paid.
I do not wish to be understood as standing
here to argue in favor of paying that debt. I
am simply contending that there must be some
limit to the power to amend the Constitution of
the United States. We have now before the
Committee on the Judiciary almost number-
less propositions to amend the Constitution;
and I want to know whether it is in the power of
two thirds of both Houses of Congress, with the
concurrence of three fourths of the States, to
amend that instrument in every particular, and .
thus rob the individual States of the most sa-
cred rights which they have inherited—rights
which they intended should continue as a part
of their sovereign power, and which, wisely,
and in accordance with the genius of the insti-
tutions of this country, they have always been,
allowed to exercise ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
have already yielded to the gentleman from
New Jersey more of the time accorded to me'
by the rules of the House than I intend to oc-
cupy myself; and'I must therefore decline to
yield to him further.
Mr. ROGERS. I shall conclude in a moment.
I simply desire to submit one other proposition
with reference to this power to amend the Con-
stitution—a proposition which, I think, affords
an effective answer to an argument which was
presented at the last session, which I was then
unable to answer, and which, I believe, wasnot
satisfactorily answered by any one. It was ar-
gued at the last session by the honorable chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr. AVii-son,
of Iowa,] and by others, that, as the Constitu-
tion specifies in express terms but two limita-
tions on the power of amendment, the exceptions
prove the rule, and there is therefore an unlim-
ited jiowcr of amendment in all other respects,
whether the amendments proposed infringe the
reserved rights of the States or not.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think I now
understand the gentleman's proposition, and I
therefore decline to yield to him further. Other
gentlemen have appealed to me, and the hour
before the expiration of which I desire to call
the previous question is running rapidly away.
Mr. ROGERS. I would say to the gentle-
man from Iowa that on questions amending the
Constitution of the United States the majority
of this House ought not to compel the minority
to act upon them under the call for the previous
question. We ought not to be compelled to
pass on questions of this great magnitude with-
out having an opportunity to consider and debate
them. I appeal to the magnanimity of the gen-
tleman from Iowa, as one who would respect the
rights of the minority of this House on these
constitutional questions, that we shall have the
right to be heard.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I am
disposed, I think, to protect the. rights of the
minority as much as any man in this House,
and I think that I am disposed to protect mi-
norities further than the gentleman from New
Jersey. I am in favor of protecting that mi-
nority which he now represents in the State of
New Jersey.
Mr. ROGERS. Idonotrepresentaminority;
I represent a majority.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If any portion of
the people of New Jersey desire to remove into
the limits of any one of the States that were in
rebellion, I desire that that portion of the people
thus removing shall not be liable to the pay-
ment of part of the debt incurred for the pur-
pose of the destruction of this Government.
I am in favor of protecting the minority in
another respect, and that is to protect them
against the corrupting influences of the immense
amount of money involved in the aggregation
of the rebel debt—that contracted by the so-
called confederate Stat es in their general ca-
pacity, and that contracted by the several States
as part and parcel of the so-called confederate
government.
We had a full discussion of the doctrine of
the right of amendment of the Constitution of
the United Slates during the last Congress: and
I do not believe at that time there was much
difference of opinion on the subjcct, nor do I
believe there is now. I believe that the gen-
tlemen of the House concur with the jjjmtle-
man from New Jersey in the opinion that when
the framers of the Constitution made it they
mad& it so that no State should have the right
to secede from the Union. The Government
of the United States, in the struggle which has
just closed, has reaffirmed by force of arms,
sealed with the blood of loyal men, the decree
of our forefathers. WTe propose to so affirm
the Constitution bv this amendment that not
