4030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; I said distinctly
that that bill failed in the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; but it has had
the sanction of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The answer to our action
was a resolution for the investigation of the
whole matter. In regard to the increase by
the House of the pay of their own officers, that
only applies, I find on inquiry, to a few, and
even that allowance will not be paid by the
accounting officer of the Treasury Department
unless it is sanctioned by the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. The very bill which the
Senator is now engineering through the Senate
in its sixth section proposes au increase of tlie
compensation of the Metropolitan police force
of the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is to be paid by the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, and is
made on the recommendation of the District
authorities here who pay it themselves. It is
not paid out of the Treasury.
Mr. ANTHONY. They only pay a part of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A small part.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, it is an increase;
and why is it made ? It is because the exist-
ing compensation is not enough. Look at the
hill before us. On page 28, the committee
which the Senator from Ohio represents brings
forward a proposition for adding to the sal-
ary of an assistant cashier in a certain place
fifty dollars ; from $1,000 it is made $1,050;
the salary of teller from $1,300 is made
$1,400; the salary of book-keeper, instead of
$1,500 is made $1,800 ; they add $300 there.
The salary of two clerks, which originally was
$'2,500, is made $2,COO. Now, I propose, just
in conformity with the report of the committee
which the Senator represents, an increase in
the compensation of the clerks of the State
Department. I do not ask so large an increase
as that Senator or the committee which he rep-
resents asks tis to give to certain other clerks.
But the Senator replies that the State Depart-
ment is the least important Department of the
Government. That raises an immense polit-
ical question which I do not think it would be
very advantageous for us to discuss in this
warm weather. It would be a very good dis-
cussion, perhaps, for students at college; for
boys at school; it would be a very good theme,
which Department of this Government is upon
the whole the most important; is the State
Department, or is it not, the most insignificant
Department of the Government V I admit that
would be a very good theme for college youths
to discuss, on which, perhaps, something might
be said on both sides. I doubt whether it can
be discussed very profitably in this Chamber.
I know the extravagant theories on certain
sides that we had better dispense with onr whole
diplomatic service. I do not go into that, be-
cause when a person has made up his mind to
dispense with all that service, 1 can imagine
that it would be very easy for him to say he
would not pay the clerks here at home that
copy the dispatches. Buc, sir, in making this
motion I proeeed on the ground that the State
Department is an existing Department of this
Government. I will not dwell on its merits or
its importance, whether it is performing its
functions in the Government, employing these
clerks. All I insist is, that employed as they
are and rendering faithful service to the Gov-
ernment, they shall have a compensation which
shall be to a certain extent commensurate with
the labor that they give. Sir, the " laborer is
worthy of his hire," and I know not why he is
not worthy of his hire when he serves in the
Department of State as well as if he served in
one of those banks which seem to have found the
patronage of the Senator from Ohio. I insist,
therefore, that the Senator from Ohio shall go
back to his own bill-—-
Mr. SHERMAN. They are not banks; they
are United States depositories; the cashiers
of those depositories get less than your clerks
who are suffering so much.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator lias under-
taken to lead in an increase of salaries. Now.
I simply follow his lead. He knows very well
how happy I am, and proud, always to follow
his distinguished lead. I follow it now, and I
simply ask that he should do by these servants
of the Government in the State Department
what he has done for other servants of the
Government elsewhere.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 14; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Doolittle, Harris,
Hendricks, J ohnson, Morgan, N esmith, Ny o, Poland,
Pomeroy, Riddle, Sumner, Trumbull, Van W inkle,
and Willey—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Chandler, CI ark,
Guthrie, Howard, Lane, Morrill, Norton, Ramsey,
Sherman, Sprague, "Williams, and Wilson—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Conness, Cowan, Cragin, Cres-
weli, Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes,
Henderson, Howe, Kirkwood, McDougall, Sauls-
bury, Stewart, Wade, Wright, and Yates—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer another amendment
to come in at the end of the bill, as a separate
section, in regard to which I am sure there will
be no question, as it proposes to reduce rather
than add to the expenses of the Government.
It is an amendment which I am directed to
offer by the Committee on Foreign Relations :
And be it further enacted, That so much of the act
aproved March 3,1863, entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment, for the year ending June 30,1864, and for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and forother par-
poses," as appropriates 83,750 for a minister resident
in Greece, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer one more
amendment, to eome in on page 6, after line
three hundred and seventy-four of section one:
For unusual extra services rendered under the
amnesty pioelamation of 29th May, 1865, by George
Battle, clerk of pardons iu the Department of State,
£1,000.
The Senate are not perhaps aware that they
have already made a similar appropriation at
the suggestion of the Attorney General for
services rendered in his Department. His letter
is as follows:
Attorney General's Omen,
Washixgton, April 13,1866.
Sir: The President's proclamation of amnesty of
May 20,1865, impQsed labor on the clerks of this De-
partment unusual in responsibility and severity.
For many months the official hours of work were
more than doubled, and neither Sabbath nor holiday
were known by them.
It is in my opinion simply a matter of justice to
make some recompense for services so exceptional.
For this purpose I submit the following as an ad-
ditional clause to the appropriation bill:
For unusual and extra services performed by the
clerkst of this office between June 1,1865, and May
1,1866, $3,000, to be apportioned as may be deemed
just by the Attorney General.
I am not satisfied with this manner of accomplish-
ing the object 1 desire, but it is the best lean find to
recommend.
I am, sir, very respectfully yours,
JAMES SPEED,
Attorney General,
Hon, Thapdeus Stevens, Chairman of Committee on
Appropriations, House of RevreseiUatives. '
In pursuance of this recommendation it is
already proposed to give to the principal clerk
of pardons in the Attorney General's Office the
sum of $1,000 and to his two assistants $500
each. Now, the motion which I make is sim-
ply to do by the pardon clerk in the State De-
partment, who has had in his department pre-
cisely the same services to perform which have
been performed by the pardon clerk in the
Attorney General's Department, what we have
done in that case. His services, I am told,
have been very great, day and night at work
in order to carry out these purposes under the
amnesty proclamation. I hope there will be
no objection to it. Certainly there cannot be
unless you are disposed to set aside what has
already been done, I believe, in regard to the
clerks in the Attorney General's Department.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I believe that a similar
proposition, or the same proposition, was sub-
mitted to the Committee on Finance and con-
sidered, and it was the conclusion of the com-
mittee that this appropriation ought not to be
made for the reason that this should notbe an
exceptional ease. It had been made to appear
to that committee that duringthe war there were
very many clerks and persons engaged in the
different Departments of the Government who
were employed during nights and on Sundays,
and at times wken the law did not require them
to work; and it did not appear to the commit-
tee that there was any reason why this particu-
lar individual shoald be designated and his pay-
increased when it was not advisable, and per-
haps not practicable, to increase the pay of all
other clerks and employes in the different De-
partments who had expended the same amount
of labor; and if this particular individual is to
be paid, then whenever any application is made
by any clerk or any person engaged in any De-
partment for labor performed at unusual hours
on account of a particular press of business,
of course Congress will be bound to pay for
the extra labor. It will be seen that there
would be no end to these appropriations. I
believe there was some proposition made in
reference to the Attorney General's Office, and
I am not certain as to whether the application
was sanctioned or not; but if it was, it was
upon some peculiar ground that did not apply
generally to the employes in the other De-
partments.
I simply state to the Senate what the Com-
mittee on Finance determined on the subject.
If it is thought advisable to pay in this par-
ticular ease, then I cau see no reason why wo
ought not to pay all the clerks and employes
in the Navy Department, in the War Depar-
ment., in the Treasury Department, who have
performed an unusual amount of labor during
the late war—pay them for all their extra ser-
vices.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Oregon
has touched the key-note in his argument. He
says, do not do this unless the case is excep-
tional. I understood that to be his argument
—unless it was exceptional. Now, sir, I cateh
that argument from the Senator and repeat it.
I present this case as exceptional. It is not a
precedent that the Senator need dread unless
he can show a case hereafter equally excep-
tional in character. The Attorney General
recommended the payment of extra compen-
sation to the clerks in his Department that had
got up a large amount of pardons under the
amnesty proclamation. Is not that excep-
tional in our history? I trust we shall never
have any such thing repeated, never another
amnesty proclamation or another crop of par-
dons under it that shall enlist these exceptional
services of the clerks in two different Depart-
ments. I present it to you, sir, as exceptional,
just as the Senator from Oregon insists that
such a case should be in order to justify the
intervention of the Senate. It is exceptional.
The case of the clerks of the Attorney Gen
eral was treated as exceptional, and I present
the case of this gentleman of the State Depart-
ment as exceptional also. He worked night and"
day to get up these pardons, to do the me
ehauical part of these pardons under the
amnesty proclamation. I hope no Senator will
raise the question of the value of these par-
dons. I certainly should not wish to argue it.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to ask the
Senatof a question. I ask whether the twenty
per cent, just voted here applies to this clerk.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it should, and for
this reason: the Senate understands that this
is compensation for extra services performed
by this gentleman; the twenty per cent, is an
addition to the compensation of all of them
for their every day services.
Mr. MORRILL. That includes this man?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, it includes him.
Mr. MORRILL. He gets twenty per cent,
on this ? '
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there can be no
doubt about it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was willing to vote
for the Senator's other amendment, because I
thought it stood on something like a principle,
that is, that the compensation taken generally
in view of the expense of living here is not suf-
ficient, and I would vote for it; but to under-
take to estimate how much work a particular
clerk does and pay him something more for
that is an impossibility. I recollect to have
