1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2-,
MARIA L, SADNDERS AND SAMUEL 11 CORMICK.
Mr. THORNTON, from the Committee of
Claims, asked leave to withdraw from the files
the memorials and papers of Mrs. Maria L.
Saunders and Samuel McCormick, copies of
tile same being left on file.
Leave was granted accordingly.
JOHN R. PRENTICE.
Mr. THORNTON, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report upon the petition
of John R. Prentice; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
CALVERT GAITIIER.
Mr. THORNTON, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Calvert Gaither; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
CAPTAIN O. If. BONEBREAK.
Mr. THORNTON, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Captain G. II. Bonebreak; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to bo printed.
B. !•'. GAITIIER.
Mr. THORNTON, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report upon the petition
of B, P. Graither; which was laid on the table,
aud ordered to be printed.
THOMAS WELLS.
Mr. THORNTON, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Thomas Wells; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to he printed.
"JK.YRY I'. M VYKlt.
Mr. THORNTON, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse report upon the petition
of Henry F. Mayer; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to bo printed.
HENDERSON ADAMS.
Mr. THORNTON, from the same commit-
tee, made an adverse! report upon the petition of
Henderson Adams; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Ht'BClHO FOR CHOLERA.
_ Mr. THORNTON. In the case of the peti-
tion of Dr. M. T. Garwood, offering for $l!,000
from each State to furnish an infallible cure
for the cholera, the Committee of Claims have
instructed me to report buck the petition, and
to state that the committee having had the same
under consideration have come to no conclu-
sion thereon, and to ask that the same may be
read for the action of the House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
7'o the honordM? Meitiherti nf C,tvgmnn:
Gknti.emen': Sirs, t hope you lire nil kood Union
moo, truo to the Constitution and law.- of the United
Slates. Also,] hope a number of you has passed the
liviiijj arch and beeomo Arch-Masons, like myself, the
best institution that ever were adopted anient? man-
kind to hold a Government together, and to put clown
rebellion and till the lendersntso; for they have been
a curse to the Government, in some measure. But
they bml to knoek under. Soalltransgressorsshould
bo punished for their evil doings.
X tell you, I am isti old doctor—been long in prac-
tice. Ill the year.-, ISSlJand 1S3;} the cholem made its
ilppoaranee in tin' Unit eil States-. It made great havoe
, amonw the cities and towns—umontf the people—-the
citizens. I accidentally made a compound medicine
that eured every ease that took of it. So in ISlSund
1819, at Portsmouth, in Ohio, I used the same medi-
cine, and it cured evciy easo that, took ot it. Yet, if
the Concrc^mcn of each State of (he Union would
make ap the sum of Sli.ttOO tor each Steteof the tin ion
they can have a true recipe of the same to eure the
cholera. ft will cure the cholera morbus and cramp
cholic as well, i presume the eholera will make its
appearance the coming sunnnei. and will sweep off
thousands in the cities and towns.
I am willing to fciYcanotherrecipe to cure the dys-
entery in the worst form, and the diabetes, and to
strengthen the back, kidneys, and other organs. You
can have the two recipes bv sendins; Government
bonds or checks to the State Bank of Columbus, Ohio,
and its branches. It you think proper to embrace
the opportunity of the two recipes by complying with
the sum X demand of each State, by so doinii it will
save millions of lives that would fall victims to these
fatal complaints.
Look over all my mistakes, as it was wrote by can-
dle light.
Yours, with respect, Dr. M. T. GARWOOD.
So please write to me soon after you think proper.
[The reading of the petition was frequently
interrupted by laughter.]
Mr. THORNTON. I move that the peti-
tion be referred to a select committee of one,
to consist of my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Wentworth.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order. I submit the question whether this
petition does not, by virtue of the resolution of
this House, go to the joint committee of fifteen
on the subject of reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. BANKS. I object to any action upon
this subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Thornton] has made a motion to
refer the petition to a select committee of one
member. He had the right to make that mo-
tion.
ilr. BANKS. I believe the paper was read
only by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. It was reported from the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. BALDWIN. I move that the petition
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
claims i'or damages, etc.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported adversely upon petitions
and bills for relief and compensation of the
following-named persons:
Daniel II. Bingham, of Alabama: D. L. Bur-
chett, of Kentucky; Mrs. Eliza Bell, id' Ken-
tucky; Frank Bon, of Kentucky; .Maiens L.
Broadwell, of Kentucky; John Bruce, of Ken-
tucky; Charles Carpenter, of Kentucky ; Lot
Chamberlain, pnymasler of volunteers, of New
York, for loss of public money; ILirmou I>e-
gan, of Arkansas ; C F. I telling, of Kentucky ;
James K. Dickey, of Kentucky ; J. S. Friz/ell,
of Kentucky; Abelard Guihrie, of N'obrnskn,
for mileage and per diem; F. T. Garrard ; and
others, of Kentucky; F. M. Gray, of Kentucky;
,1. I'l. Horseman, of Virginia; Aldridge James,
of Virginia; Henry Johnson, of Kentucky;
Alexander Lindsey, of Kentucky; George Mack
and twenty-four olhets. of Kansas, for loss of
bounty as Army officers; Mrs. Melinda Mur-
phy, of Kentucky; John S. Magee, of Ken-
tucky; \\ illiam M. Nourse.of Kentucky; Henry
C. Noble, of Ketilucky; Frederick RobiUer,
of Kentucky; Harvey Spauhlirig, of Kansas,
for loss of sutler's supplies; Mrs. Mary Scott,
of Kentucky; Mrs. Susan Tomlinson, of Ken-
tucky ; C. (1. Tachan, of Kentucky; John W.
Taylor, of Pennsylvania; Joseph F. Ware, of
Kentucky ; Caleb Walton,of Kentucky; Charles
A. Webster, of Kentucky, and Isaac N. Webb.
The several petitions and bills were laid on
(lie table, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
llOIIN'TV TO SOLDIERS OV 1801.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back House bill No. 11(5,
granling bounty aud additional bounty to the
soldiers, seame'n, and marines of the war of
1801, or their heirs, and moved that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
C1A1MS AGAINST Tim UNITED STATES.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill lo provide for the payment of cer-
tain claims against the United States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
JAMES 1SAWDIN.
Mr. DRIGGS reported back Senate hill No.
142, for the relief of James Bawdm, and asked
that it be put on its passage.
The bill provides that, on payment to the United
States of $1 2-"> per acre therefor, the Commis-
sioner of the General I.anel Office shall cause a
patent to be issued to James Bawdin for that
tract of land lying and being at Eagle Harbor, on
Lake Superior, situate upon the north part of
section number six, in township number fifty-
eight north, of range number thirty west., in the
Sault Ste. Marie land district, State of Michigan,
containing about six and fifty-four hundredths
acres of land, and being all that part of the
lands known as the light-house reservation at
Eagle Harbor, which lies east of the dotted line
marked '' S. 80° 45' E. 12.7G chains,'' as shown
on the plat of "Bawdin's survey" of said res-
ervation in the office of said Commissioner of
the General Land Office, except so much of
said lands as may be required for the use of a
road four rods wide, from the light-house across
said six and fifty-four hundredths acres to the
waters of said harbor, as the same is now laid
out and used for that purpose; provided that
this act shall only be construed to be a relin-
quishment of the title of the United States, and
shall not interfere with the rights of third
pei sons.
Mr. DRIGGS. Mr. Speaker, the facts in
this case are briefly these ; in the year 1812 the
Government of the United States made certain
leases of hind in the Lake Superior region to
encourage mining before surveys had been
made. Among others, was one to the New
York and Boston Mining Company to enter
certain lands in the vicinity mentioned in the
bill; and that company gave a lease, and were
to give a title, when it secured title, to James
Bawdiu.to half an acre of land, upon which he
erected warehouses, stores, &c. In the mean
time the Government set apart a light-house
reservation, including this half acre. There
are no minerals upon the land. It is only
valuable because of the improvements of Baw-
din. The Light-House Board have stated itis not
needed for light-house purposes, and the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office is in favor
of giving a title to Bawdin to this land. It has
been passed by the Senate, and unanimously
agreed to by the Committee on Public Lands
of this House.
-Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does it
appear from the papers that the Light-House
Board do not need this land for light-house
purposes?
Air. DlilGOS. 1 have not.the papers before
mo. I'hey were before the committee of the
Senate. It is only half an acre of land, and only
valuable because of these improvements.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
gentleman add a proviso, provided the land is
not needed for light-house purposes.
ilr. DRIGGS. I assure the gentleman that
that, is the facl.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Itisproper
it should be in the bill.
Mr. DRIGGS. It will carry it back to the
Senate. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
WITHDRAWAL OF J'APEKS.
Mr. DELANO moved that leave be granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House
of the papers in the cases of R. W. Dourman
and Mary Scott on condition that copies be
left.
The motion was agreed to.
OPERATION OF STATU LAWS ON LICENSES.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend section seventy-eight of
an act to provide internal revenue for the sup-
port of the Government, to pay the interest of
the public debt, and for other purposes, ap-
proved June 30, 18lil; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
QCtlOTJNU TITLE TO LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. McRUER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back Senate bill No. 93, to
quiet Uie title to certain lands within the cor-
porate limits of the city of San Francisco.
The hill provides that all the right and title
of the United States to the land situated within
the corporate limits of the city of San Fran-
cisco, in the State of California, confirmed to
the city of Sari Francisco by the decree of the
circuit court of the United States for the north-
ern district of California, entered on the 18th
day of May, 1865, be relinquished and granted
