1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3071
He also presented resolutions of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the State of New York, in
favor of the passage of the bill to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Mrs.
Drusey A. Layman, widow of the late Eugenius
E. Layman, who was a private in company C,
seventeenth regiment West Virginia volunteers,
praying to be granted a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SPRAGUE presented a petition of
trustees of the Presbyterian church at Lewins-
ville, Virginia, praying to be reimbursed for
damages to their church during the late war ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of
manufacturers of India-rubber springs used oil
railroad cars, praying that the internal revenue
tax of six per cent, upon the manufacture of
those articles may be removed; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON presented three memorials
of citizens of the town and county of Alexan-
dria, Virginia, remonstrating against the repeal
of the acts of Congress under which the town
and county of Alexandria were by the Gov-
ernment of the United States "ceded and
forever relinquished to the State of Virginia,
in full and absolute-right and jurisdiction, as
well of soil as of persons residing or to reside
thereon;" which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
KEl'OltTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (II. R. No. (i]3) to continue in
force and to amend an act to establish a Bu-
reau for the Relief of Freedmcn and Refugees,
and for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H. It. No. 149)
declaratory of the law of bounty, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. it. No. 80)
to provide for the publication of the official
history of the rebellion, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a memorial of the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts, praying to be reimbursed for moneys
expended for the common defense, submitted
a report, accompanied by a joint resolution
(S. R. No, 1UG) to reimburse the State of
Massachusetts for money expended in the pur-
chase of guns and ammunition, for procuring
plans for coast defense and harbor obshuction,
and for the erection of works of coast defense.
The joint resolution was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 317) to amend an act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Paeilie
ocean, and to secure to the Government the
use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes, approved July 1. 180:2,' approved
July 2, 1864," reported it with amendments.
SAFE-KEEPING OF PUBLIC MONEY.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. G21) to regulate and secure
the safe-keeping of public money intrusted to
disbursing officers of the United States, to re-
port it back and recommend its passage. The
bill is very short and plain; the committee
have proposed no amendment to it, and I
should like to have it taken up and disposed
of at once by the consent of the Senate.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to make it the duty of every dis-
bursing officer of the United States having any
public money intrusted to him for disburse-
ment to deposit the same with the Treasurer
or sonic one of the Assistant Treasurers of the
United States, and to draw for the same only
as it maybe required for payments to be made
by him in pursuance of law; and to provide
that all transfers fiom the Treasury of the
United States to a disbursing officer shall be
by draft or warrant on the Treasury or an Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States; but in
places where there is no Treasurer or Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may, when he deems it
essential to the public interest, specially author-
ize in writing the deposit of such public money
in any other public depository, or, in writing,
authorize the same to be kept in any other
manner, and under such rules and regulations
as he may deem most safe and effectual to
facilitate the payments to public creditors.
If any disbursing officer of the U nited States
shall deposit any public money intrusted to lnm
in any place or in any manner, except as au-
thorized by law, or shall convert to his own use
in any way whatever, or shall loan, with or
without interest, or shall for any purpose not
prescribed by law withdraw from the Treasurer
or any Assistant Treasurer, or any authorized
depository, or shall for any purpose not pre-
scribed by law transfer or apply any portion of
the public money intrusted to him, every such
act shall be deemed and adjudged an embezzle-
ment of the money so deposited, converted,
used, loaned, withdrawn, transferred, or ap-
plied, and every such act is declared to be a
felony, and upon conviction is to be punished
by imprisonment for a term not less than one
year nor more than ten years, or by fine not
more than the amount embezzled nor less than
$1,000, or by both such fine and imprisonment,
at the discretion of the court.
If any banker, broker, or any person not an
authorized depositary of public money, shall
knowingly receive from any disbursing- officer,
or collector of internal revenue, or other agent
of (he United States, any public money on de-
posit or by way of loan or accommodation,
with or without interest, or otherwise than in
payment of a debt against the United States;
or shall use, transfer, convert, appropriate, or
apply any portion of the public money for any
purpose not prescribed by law; or shall coun-
sel, aid, or abet any disbursing officer or col-
lector of internal revenue or other agent of the
United States in so doing, every such act shall
be deemed and adjudged an embezzlement of
the money so deposited, loaned, transferred,
used, converted, appropriated, or applied; and
any president, cashier, teller, director, or other
officer of any bank or banking association who
shall violate any of the provisions of this act
shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of embez-
zlement of public money, and punished as before
provided.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to call the
attention of the Senator who reported the bill
1^) what seems to me to be a very unusual spe-
cies of crime provided for in it, that is, that if
any person counsels, aids, or abets an officer
illegally to deposit public money in an unau-
thorized depositary—that is the purport of it—
he shall bo guilty of an offense. According to
my recollection, it is a new thing to provide for
an accessary to an offense of this kind. 'Take
the crime of larceny, for instance. Larceny
is the felonious stealing, taking, and carrying
away of the goods of another; but we have no
such thing as advising or counseling a person
to feloniously steal, take, and carry away the
goods of another. I do not know that any man
can be guilty in such a way. If he has any-
thing to do with the crime he is guilty of theft;
but here there seems to be a provision for a
sort of accessary to a crime, which is a minor
offense. It is a very singular provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It might be difficult to
convict, practically. That is the only trouble.
If a person knows that a public officer is about
to misappropriate public money, or embezzle
it, and counsels and aids him in doing so, the
bill makes it an offense. The difficulty will
be, perhaps, to convict him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me as rather
a novel offense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill is drawn on
the state of facts developed in the last striking
case here. There were half a dozen concerned
in it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There may be accessaries
in treason and murder. A person aiding and
abetting the enemy is guilty of treason ; but we
do not speak of persons aiding and abetting
other offenses. In robbery all are principals.
Mr. WADE. Charge them as principals.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is what I think
ought to bo done. 1 am not going to object to
the bill, but I call the attention of the Senator
from Maine to this provision as a singular one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I saw and the com-
mittee saw that it was very stringent, but we
came to the conclusion that we could not make
it too much so. We did not submit any amend-
ment to the bill; and if Senators wish to look
at it further f shall not detain the Senate now
with it, but will consent to let it go by for the
moment, and I shall call it up again when they
have looked further into it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator make that motion ?
Mr._ FESSENDEN. Let the bill be laid
aside informally.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, that course will be pursued.
Mr. FESSENDEN subsequently asked that
the consideration of the bill be resumed; and
it was again taken up.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and
read the third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall be obliged to
the Senator from Maine if he will jusL state
what the bill amounts to; I have not heard it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a bill which came
from the other House, directing public officers
to deposit the public money which comes into
their possession either in the Treasury or tho
sub-Treasury, at the place where they may be,
and nowhere else, unless in places specially as-
signed by the Secretary of the 'Treasury, where
there is 110 Treasury or sub-Treasury, and mak-
ing it a penal offense to deposit it in other in-
stitutions, and also punishing all aiding and
abetting in tho offense.
Mr. 1IENDRICNS. Where there are no
officers of the Treasury, may tho national
banks bo used?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Secretary of tho
Treasury is to have power" in such cases to
direct where the public money shall be depos-
ited.
Tho bill was passed.
LEAVES OF ABSENCE.
Mr. LA NE, of 1 ndiana. I have a telegraphic
dispatch from Senator Lane of Kansas, which
shows that it is absolutely necessary for him to
leave for Kansas immediately on important,
urgent business. I am therefore requested to
ask for him leave of absence for ten days.
'flie PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
thiit the Senator from Kansas have leave of
absence from the Senate for ten days.
The motion ivas agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. My colleague [Mr. Sumner]
has been called home by a dispatch on account,
of the dangerous sickness of Iris mother. He
wishes to obtain leave of absence for two weeks
from to-day, and I make the motion that that
leave be granted.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish to give notice
to the Senate that to-morrow at one o'clock 1
shail ask them to px-oceod to the considera-
tion of the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill.
REPORT OF RECONSTRUCTION COMMITTEE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that five thou-
sand additional copies of the report of the
