1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
discuss this question, and I hope they will be
allowed that opportunity.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am opposed to
postponing this subject longer than till to-
morrow.
Mr. ROGERS. Will we be allowed an op-
portunity to-morrow to debate it?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If there shall be a
general disposition on to-morrow to bring this
question to a vote, I shall ask the House to
vote on it. If there should be a general dispo-
sition, as there seems to be to-day, for a further
delay, I shall not ask a vote to-morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not the purpose of
any gentleman on this side of the House, so far
as I can learn, to discuss this proposition at any
great length. Their object is simply to criticise
the language of the proposed amendment, to
sec the bearing the words have on each other,
for we are still in the dark upon that subject.
The amendment upon which the House is now
called upon to act has not yet been printed.
The only objection I have to the consideration
of this subject to-morrow is the question whether
it can be printed and distributed by that time.
We get the Globe about one o'clock, and that
is the time we are to be called upon to vote on
this question.
Mr. AVfLSON, of Iowa. I propose to give
the gentleman twenty-four hours to get light
on this subject, by my proposition to postpone
it until to-morrow.
Mr. INGERSOLL. And that it be printed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have already an-
nounced that the resolution has been printed,
and the gentleman can get it by sending to the
document-room.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Has it been printed as
a report from the committee?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It is not printed as
a report from the committee, but it was printed
as it was reported from the committee: that is,
the proposed article of the Constitution.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wanted to know whether
the gentleman from the Judiciary Committee
was attempting-to pass this joint resolution
without first having it printed and submitted to
the House for examination, or whether this was
the proposition as introduced and printed at the
time it was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope, when the
gentleman reads the copy he has in his hand,
he will see that it is printed. Inasmuch as 1
propose now to postpone this subject until to-
morrow, 1 must ask a vote on that question. I
ask that it be made the special order after the
morning hour.
Mr. WRIGHT. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I must decline to
yield further.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a question of order.
Can the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilsox]
yield any further, the hour to which he was
entitled having expired?
The SPEAKER. The hour has not yet
expired.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I call the previous
question on the motion to make this joint reso-
lution a special order for to-morrow after the
morning hour.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the Chair whether it is in order to move
to make this a special order for some day later
than the one indicated by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
The SPEAKER. A special order can bo
made only by unanimous consent on this day,
it not being suspension day.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then I
propose to object to its being made a special
order for to-morrow. If, however, the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. "Wilson] will name a
later day he will meet with fair discussion and
with but Utile opposition to his proposition.
For one I am not inclined to arrest or present
this amendment, in so far as it shall relieve the
southern people who have been in rebellion
from this species of taxation which may lead
to a payment of the rebel debt. On the con-
trary, JL desire that all their energies and pow-
ers of industry may go to the payment ot the
national debt.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will withdraw the
motion to postpone this joint resolution until
to-morrow, and I do it for this reason : inas-
much as the gentleman objects to its being
made the special order for to-morrow I ask that
a vote may be taken on it to-day. I do so be-
cause some Legislatures are now in session, and
some of them will probably adjourn before the
Senate can act on this subject,' unless it is sent
there at once. If it. needs amendment, it can
be amended there. I therefore call the pre-
vious question on the passage of the joint res-
olution.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] permit me
to make a suggestion?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I must decline. I
insist upon my demand for the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the joint resolution.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 89, noes 50.
So the previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered, which was upon the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. THAYER. T call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. As the Constitution re-
quires a two-thirds vote to pass a constitutional
amendment, there is a manifest propriety in
taking the vote by yeas and nays, and the Chair
will order the vote to be taken in that way in
order to ascertain if two thirds vote in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. ROGERS. Can the question be divided
now ?
The SPEAKER. Not upon the question of
the passage of the resolution.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 1-50, nays 11, not voting
21; as follows:
Boutivell, Jloyer, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall,
Buckland, Dundy, Chanter, Header W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke^ Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Culloni, Darling,
Dawes, DelVees, Delano, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly,
Drig-Rs, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Farquliar, i'Vrry. Finck, Garfield, Grinncll,
fTiiswokl,.iTaic, AbnorC. Harding, Hart, llayes, If'i,-
ilerson, Higby, Hill, Ilogan, Holmes. Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Do-
mas Hubbard, John H. Hubbard. James It. ilubbell,
Hulbui'd, InsreiMill, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian, Kas-
son, ICelley, Kelso, Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykcndall, liaf-
lin, Lai ham, George V. Lawieuce, William Lawrence,
Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marshall, Marston, Marvin,
McClurg, McKee, MtRiicr, Mercur, Miller, Morrill,
Moulton, Myers, Newell, Niblaek, Nooll, O'Neill,
Orth, Paine, Patterson, lvrh:un, Phelps, Pike. Plants,
Price, Radford, Samuel J.Randall, William H. Ran-
dall, Itavmond, Alexander H. Riee, John H. Rice,
Rollins 11Rousseau, Sa^y'T, Schonck, Scofield,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Spalding,
Starr, Stevens, Stillwcll, Strouse, Tabcr, Taylor,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Born, Voorliees, Ward, Warner, Elihu
li. Washburno, William B. Washburn, Welkor, Wcnt-
worth, Whaley, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson. Windom, and Wrirht—InO.
NAYS—Messrs. .Brooks, Denison, Eltlridgc, Grider,
Aaron Harding, McCailough. Nicholson, Ritter, Rog-
er:-. Shaiiklin, and Trimble—11.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Aneona, Delos R. Ashley,
Bergen, 131a me, Culver, Davjs, Dawson, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Hariis, Edwin N. Ilubbeil, James Hum-
phrey, James M. Humphrey, Jones 1 ><■ lllonrl, Me-
Indoe, Moorhe.ul, Morris, Pomcroy, Wmlield, and
Woodbridgc—21.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
resolution was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ANCONA said : I desire to be excused
from voting, on the ground that 1 do not under-
stand the question.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to make such
a request. Under the rule, applications to be
excused from voting must be made before the
call of the yeas and nays is commenced.
Mr. JOHNSON'. I vote "ay but I "go it
blind." The bill is not printed; as stated by
the.gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. 150YKR. I did not vote when my name
was first called, because I thought there was
not sufficient time given for deliberation on so
grave a subject. But believing, (though Iain
not sure,) that I now understand the scope of.
the bill, I vote "ay."
The result was announced as above stated.
^ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
abolition of slavery.
^r* SHELLABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, offered the following resolution; which-
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Unsolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to inquire and report to this House, as soon
as practicable, by bill or otherwise, what legislation
is necessary to enable the courts of the "United States
to enforce the freedom of tho wives and children of
soldiers of the United States under the joint resolu-
tion of Congress of March 3,1865, and also to enforce
the liberty of all persons under the operation of the
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery.
Mr. SHELLABARGER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which tho resolution was
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.-
suffrage in district oe columbia.
Mr. ROGERS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented, from a minority of the Committee on
the Judiciary, a report against the passage of
the bill extending tho right of suffrage in the
District of Columbia; which was laid on the
fable.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of tho Union on the President's message.
adjournment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] to yield to me
that I may make a motion to adjourn, the rea-
son for which I will explain. The members of
the Ohio delegation have been invited to attend,
at three o'clock this afternoon, a meeting called
for the purpose of making arrangements for the
funeral ceremonies of the late Hon. Thomas
Corwin; as the Ohio delegation embraces nine-
teen members, we can hardly leave with propri-
ety while the House is in session, and it is now
after three o'clock.
Mr. STEVENS. I cheerfully yield to the
gentleman for the purpose indicated.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten minutes past three o'clock p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 20, 1865.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary
of the Treasury, in response to a resolution of
the Senate inquiring whether any officers of the
Government were receiving pay and perform-
ing the duties of their respective offices without
taking the oaths prescribed by law; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
compensation pub senator collamer.
Mr. FOOT. I rise to move a reconsideration
of a vote adopting a resolution offe red by my-
self directing the Secretary of the Senate to
pay to the widow of the late Senator CoUamer
the compensation due him at the time of his
death. I desire to offer a slight amendment to
the resolution, and it becomes necessary, there-
fore, to move to reconsider the vote adopting
the resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOO T. I mo\e to reconsider the vote
ordering the resulntion to be engrossed for a
third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
