1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2111
of the executive—that this may be used so as
practically to do away with what was the gen-
eral practice of the Constitution; butthefrainers
of the Constitution, in words, authorized the
President to appoint and to commission parties
who were to hold their offices to the very last
moment of the session. The object of that was
to insure the offices being filled. It seemed,
no doubt, it went upon the hypothesis that the
President would nominate during the session
of the Senate, and in all probability if his nom-
ination of the particular officer was rejected,
that he would nominate somebody else, but
that until he nominated somebody else, and
that other party was confirmed by the Senate,
his first appointment remained; or otherwise
the office would go unfilled.
I admit with the honorable member from
Illinois that I think the President would war
as against the spirit of the Constitution, or,
rather, would be guilty of an abuse of power,
if he designedly kept in office a man whom the
Senate had thought proper to reject for reasons
which he had no ground to believe would after-
ward cease to influence the Senate ; but it very
often happens, or may happen to the Senate—
it has happened—that they reject to-day, and
find that they have made a mistake, and are
willing to confirm to-morrow. The President,
therefoce, may have reason to believe that
an appointee of his, rejected by the Senate,
would still, if renominated, not be objectiona-
ble to the body ; but whether so or not, whether
it be au abuse of power or not, is not the ques-
tion which this amendment suggests. The ques-
tion is, has he the power? And if ho has the
power, and he has cxevcised the power by
appointing a particular man to office, that man
is entitled to his pay under the Constitution.
We have 110 right to interfere with the power
of the President indirectly. We cannot say
that he shall not appoint. If that would be
nugatory, it is equally improper, I submit to
the Senate, to attempt to accomplish the same
object indirectly, by providing that although he
appoints the appointee shall not be paid. If
the Constitution gives to the appointee a right
to hold his commission, then the honor of the
United States is involved ; he ought to be paid;
and yet this amendment says that he shall not
be paid.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am generally indisposed
to legislate on general topics on an appropria-
tion bill; but this amendment of the Senator
from Missouri contains two proi^ositions which,
I think, are f imply declaratory of the existing
law ; and, to avoid all doubt, they may as well
be inserted here. The firsit proposition declares
that if a person who has been appointed dur-
ing the recess of the Senate, or during the ses-
sion of the Senate, shall continue to hold his
office afterthe adjournmentof the Senate, when
he has been rejected by the Senate, he shall
not draw any pay therefor. That is a propo-
sition so plain that I think there can be no con-
troversy about it. If a person is appointed dur-
ing the recess of the Sena ,e his office certainly
terminates at the adjournment of the Senate.
Is there any doubt about that?
Mr. JOHNSON. No.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then should he receive
any pay for services rendered after the adjourn-
ment of the Senate? That is the question. I
say he should not; and the first proposition
contained in this amendment simply provides
that if he continues to discharge the duties of
the office after the adjournment of the Senate
he shall not be paid for that work and labor
done by him. Thaf is a very clear proposition,
that after his office terminates he should not
discharge the duties of the office, and especi-
ally should not draw a salary from the Treasury.
The second proposition is almost as clear, in
my mind, that where the Senate has rejected a
particular appointment and the President un-
dertakes to appoint that same person again to
the same office, in the face of the rejection by
the Senate, that person shall not draw his pay,
from any appropriation from,the Treasury,
until the nomination has been again submitted
to the Senate, and has been approved and rati-
fied by it. It seems to me that that is the plain
spirit of the Constitution. The Presidentought
not to appoint a person who has been once
rejected by the Senate, unless for clear and
manifest reasons, and if those reasons are so
clear and manifest they should be submitted to
the Senate and the Senate would no doubt over-
rule its previous rejection of the nominee, and
the incumbent ought to hold his office subject
to that power of the Senate to reject the nomi-
nation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Suppose he is rejected
on the last day of the session?
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well, then, if he
is reappointed his salary ought to be sus-
pended until the Senate have an opportunity
to reconsider its rejection. The rejection of
the Senate ought at least to have sufficient
effect to prevent that person from holding
office or drawing pay for such services in that
office. That seems to me to be very plain.
If, as the Senator from Missouri seems to
think, there is danger that the President will,
against the rejection of the Senate, appoint
the same man to that office, I say that person
ought not to receive money from the Treasury
until the reappointment is submitted to the
Senate and approved by it. With that view,
I think, the amendment is carefully worded
and wjll accomplish the purpose.
Mr. HENDERSON. I thank the Senator
from Ohio for liis defense of this proposition,
which I think is perfectly clear, and I have
but little to add to what he has said. The
proposition seems to 1110 to be perfectly plain.
I examined all these opinions of the Attor-
neys Geneial, and I found, in addition to the
opinion referred to by the Senator from Mary-
land, quite an able opinion given by Mr.
Taney, when he was Attorney General, upon
tlie same subject, and sustaining in its posi-
tion the views taken by Mr. Wirt. It is an
opinion gi\reu in 1832 upon the appointment
of a land officer in Mississippi, where the
opinion is again given by that Department of
the Government, that where the President
appoints, the appointment holds until the last
day of the session ; and if the session of the
Senate shall be adjourned without acting upon
the nomination there is a vacancy again. It
is contrary to my views of the subject, and
yet I find that these opinions have been inva-
riably given as stated by the Senator from
Maryland. He is correct in stating that such
has been the opinion, I believe, of every Attor-
ney General who has been callcd upon for an
opinion on the subject; but I differ with the
Senator from Maryland in the opinion that lie
has expressed, that this amendment conflicts
with that view of the subject. 1 do not think
it has anything to do with it. I have so drawn
the amendment as not to run counter to any
opinion given by any Attorney General on the
subject.
My idea in presenting the amendmentis, that
if the President shall nominate an officer to the
Senate, and the Senate shall act upon it and
specifically reject the appointment, and the
President insists upon that party holding the
office after the adjournment of the Senate, lie
shall have no salary. I differ with the Senator
from Maryland in supposing that if Congress
shall not vote to the executive department
money, the executive department can continue
its operations. I apprehend that Congress, by
refusing to grant appropriations in the midst of
a most important war, can stop the wheels of
Government in that behalf. We can abso-
lutely refuse t o grant the means to carry on a
war, and it will necessarily cease, provided we
should do so. Now, the President makes an
appointment. We have to advise and consent
to that appointment, or else it is no appoint-
ment after the adjournment of the Senate. I
grant that the appointment made lasts until
the last day of the session ; but the Attorneys
General say that the President himself, by
making another appointment and submitting it
to the Senate, destroys the force of the first
appointment. I have, therefore, drawn this
amendment in reference to that point also. If
the President fails to send as another appoint-
ment, and after we have rejected his appoint-
ment leaves the appointee to hold the office, I
say he can legally hold it no longer than the
last day of the session, and when that day
arrives it is clearly within the power of Con-
gressto say that that man, by virtue of that
appointment, or by virtue of any succeeding
appointment, shall receive no pay.
The Senator from Maryland, perhaps, ia sus-
tained by the opinions of the Attorneys Gen-
eral upon one point, and that is, that a vacancy
exists at the adjournment of Congress. Mr.
Taney says, otherwise the Government would
cease; and, contrary to the expressed opinion
of the Senator from Illinois, it has been held,
notwithstanding the intervening session of the
Senate, that after an appointment has been
made, and the Senate has failed tc act upon it,
at the close of that session there is a vacancy
again, and the President may appoint. There
is no such constitutional provision. This is
merely the construction given by the respective
Attorneys General; that is, that a vacancy again
occurs, and the Senator from Maryland says
that, accordingto the opinions heretofore given,
if a vacancy exists immediately after the ad-
journment of the Senate, the President can
appoint whom he pleases. Very good; I will
not take issue with the Senator on that subject}
the President may appoint whom he pleases ; I
only ask the Senate to say that if he does ap-
point the same individual, that individual shall
not be paid ; that we will appropriate 110 money
whatever, and give him fair notice of that fact,
for the payment of his salary. That seems to
me to be but just.
The Senator says the President may appoint
whom he pleases, and if we undertake to inter-
fere with that right, we are trespassing on the
constitutional right of the executive depart-
ment. That is the position. Suppose that
war exists, and Congress refuses to grant
appropriations to carry it on; suppose we
declare that a certain individual is not a cit-
izen of the United States by an act of Con-
gress, and the President appoints such an
individual, are we bound to pay him? It is
very true that the President mayappoint; but
suppose that the President appoints to a civil
office in my State a man who has been con-
victed of treason, if you please. Under the
act which we passed in 18G2, he is disqualified
from holding office. Let me ask the Senator
from Maryland, if the President appoints such
an individual, are we bound to appropriate
money to pay him ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No. He has no right to
appoint him.
Mr. HENDERSON. Why has lie no right
to appoint him? Simply by virtue of theoper-
ations of an act of Congress. Then cannot
we legitimately pass an act of Congress with-
out a conviction of the individual, declaring
that if such and such a person shall be renom-
inated he shall not be paid ? 1 cannot think
for a moment that such a power is not lodged
in Congress. I cannot realize the fact .for a
moment that a valid objection can be presented
to the amendment. I have given careful
attention to all the opinions that have been
delivered on this subject, and I do not think
that the amendment conflicts in any degree
whatever with these opinions.
I desire, while I am up, to amend the amend-
ment in the second line' by inserting after the
word " been," the words " or shall be," so as
to make it apply to the future as well as the
past. It was a more oversight of mine that
those words were omitted.
Mr. JOHNSON. How will it read then?
Mr. HENDERSON. In this way:
That in all cases in which persons have been or
shall be appointed during the rccess or session of tao
Senate, &c.
It will make it apply in its provisions to the
future as well as to the past. I desire also to add
several words in the twelfth line of the amend-
ment, so as to obviate an objection that may
be presented. 1 believe no such objection has
been presented, but I can see very well that if
