3072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
committee on reconstruction be printed for the
use of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mo-
tion will go to the Committee 011 Printing under
the rules.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S.'R. No. 107) iu relation to the pur-
chase of certain lands at Point Lookout, Mary-
land, for a military and naval hospital; which
was referred to the Committee on' Military
Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
- He also presented documents in support of
the joint resolution ; which wore referred to
the same committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 302) to change the times for holding the
courts of the United States for the eastern
district of Texas; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CRESWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 303) declaratory of theact approved March
3, 1863, being an act to amend an act to
establish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States, approved Febru-
ary 2J, 1805; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee 011 the .1 udiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 3G4) to authorize the establishment
of a repertory in Germany, to illustrate the
physical, political, and social condition, the
natural products, and the resources of the sev-
eral States of the Union; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave io introduce a bill (S.
No. 305) amendatory of the act of .1 uly-t, 1864,
entitled "An act to restrict the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims,'' &c. ; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As this subject has
been before the Committee 011 the Judiciary,
I move the reference of this bill to that com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE RESOLUTION RUFliRRUD.
The concurrent resolution from the House of
Representatives, iu relation to the expediency
of purchasing from the owners thereof the
equestrian portrait of (he late Lieutenant Gen-
eral Winfield Scott, which now adorns the
walls of the Capitol, was referred to the Joint
Committee on the Library.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTION LAW.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to take up for con-
sideration the bill (II. il. No. 477) reported
from the Committee on Commerce, further to
provide for the safety of the lives of passengers
on board of vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam, to regulate the salaries of steam-
boat inspectors, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that the Clerk-
may omit reading until the beginning of the
tenth section, as a bill has alieady passed on
this subject, and undoubtedly there will be 110
objection to the sections he is now reading. I
ask that, by unanimous consent, the reading of
that part of the bill bo dispensed with, and thus
save some little time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The read-
ing of those sections will be dispensed with
unless some Senator desires that all the bill be
read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill from
the tenth section. The tenth section provides
that barges carrying passengers while in tow
of a steamer shall be subject to the provisions
of the acts for the preservation of the lives of
passengers, so far as relates to fire-buckets,
axes, and life-preservers. For a violation of
this section the penalty is to be $100.
By the eleventh section steamers used as
freight boats are to be subject to the same
inspection and requirements as provided for
ferry, tug, and canal-boats, by an act relating to
steamboats, approved the 8th day of June, 1864,
and to the provisions of this act.
The twelfth section provides that if any per-
son connected, as a member or otherwise, with
any association of steamboat pilots, engineers,
masters, or owners, shall accept or attempt to
exercise the functions of the office of steamboat
inspector, it shall be a misdemeanor, for which
he shall forfeit his office, and shall be further
subject to a penalty of $500.
By the thirteenth section all vessels navigat-
ing the bays, inlets, rivers, harbors, and other
waters of the United States are made subject
to the navigation laws of the United States ;
and all vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam, and so navigating, are also to be
subject to all rules and regulations consistent
therewith, established for the government of
steam vessels in passing, as provided in the
twenty-ninth section of an act relating to steam
vessels, approved the 30th August, 1852. And
every sea-going steam vessel now subject or
hereby made subject to the navigation laws of
the United States, and to these rules and reg-
ulations, when under way, except upon the
high seas, is to be under the control and direc-
tion of pilots licensed by the inspectors of
steam vessels; vessels of other countries and
public vessels of the United States only ex-
cepted.
The fourteenth section provides that all sea-
going steamers carrying passengers, and those
navigating the chain of northwestern lakes,
shall have the life-boats required by law, pro-
vided with suitable boat-disengaging apparatus,
so arranged as io be operative by one person,
by which they may be disengaged at pleasure
from the tackles by which they are lowered
into the water.
By the fifteenth section it is provided that
the provision for a foremast-head light for
steamships, in an act entitled "An act fixing
certain rules and regulations for preventing
collisions on the water," approved the 29th
day of April, 1801, shall not be construed to
apply to other than ocean-going steamers and
steamers carrying sail. River steamers navi-
gating waters flowing into the Gulf of Mexico
are to carry the following lights, namely, one
red light on the outboard side of the port
smoke-pipe, and one green light on the out-
board side of the starboard smoke-pipe ; these
lights to show both forwaid and aft, and also
abeam 011 their respective sides. All coasting
steamers and those navigating bays, lakes, or
other inland waters, other than ferry-boats,
and those above provided for, are to carry the
red and green lights, as prescribed for ocean-
going steamers; and, in addition thereto, a
ccntral range of two white lights; the after
light being carried at an elevation of at least
fifteen feet above the light at the head of the
vessel; the head light to be so construct ed as
to show a good light through twenty points of
the compass, namely, from right ahead to two
points abaft the beam 011 either side of the
vessel; and the after light to show all around
the horizon.
'The sixteenth section provides that the annual
compensation paid to steamboat inspectors shall
be hereafter as follows: to each local inspector
for the districts of New York, New Orleans, and
San Francisco, $2.000; for the districts of Phil-
adelphia, St. Louis, Cincinnati, and Pittsburg,
$1,800; for the districts of Baltimore, Louis-
ville, Buffalo, Detroit, and the assistant inspect-
ors at New York, $1,500 ; for the districts of
Boston, Chicago, Galena, Mobile, and Port-
land, in Oregon, $1,200; for the districts of New
London, .Memphis, Wheeling, and Cleveland,
$1,000 ; for the districts of Portland, in Maine,
Norfolk, Charleston, Savannah, Galveston,
Nashville, Oswego, and Burlington, $000; to
the supervising inspector of the Pacific coast,
$2,500; to other supervising inspectors, $2,000
each.
The seventeenth section provides for the
appointment, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, of one clerk each in the
local offices at New York and New Orleans,
and one clerk for the board of supervising in-
spectors, to be under the direction of the sec-
retary of the board; and the annual compensa-
tion allowed to these clerks is to be $1,000
each. And one additional inspector of boilers
is to be appointed for the district of New York,
who is to be allowed a compensation of $1,500
per annum.
The eighteenth section repeal's all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act.
The Committee on Commerce reported the bill
with several amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section one, line five, after the word
" commerce," to insert the words "wrongfully
or unreasonably;" and in lino seven after the
word "license" to strike out the words "for
any reason that shall be deemed insufficient, or
found to be untrue in fact, by any supervising
inspector or board of local inspectors to whom
complaints shall be made;" so tliat the section
will read:
That if any engineer or pilot, licensed in pursuance
of law by any inspector or board of inspectors shall,
to the hindcranee of commcrce, wrongfully or un-
reasonably refuse to serve as such on any steam ves-
sel, as authorized by the terms of his license, or shall
fail to deliver to the applicant for such services, at
the time of such refusal, if the same shallbe demanded,
a statement in writing, signed by such engineer or
pilot, of the reasons therefor, or if any pilot shall
refuse to admit into the pilot-house with him any
person or persons whom the captain or owners of any
steamboat may desire to place there for the purpose
of acquiring the knowledge of piloting, his license
shall be immediately revoked.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out at
the end of the first section the words "his
liccnse shall be immediately revoked" and
to insert the following words:
He shall forfeit and pay to the party aggrieved
thereby the sum of $300 to be recovered in an action
of debt founded on this statute. And thereupon on
such iccovery, as well as on such refusal to give such
statement in writing, or to admit such persons into
the pilot-house as aforesaid, his license shall be
immediately revoked, upon the same proceedings as
arc provided bylaw in othei cases of the levocation
of such licenses.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lino eleven, to strike out the word "fifty"
before the word "pounds," and to insert the
word "twenty;" and also to strike out at the
end of the section the following words, "and
the temperature of the water used in applying
the hydrostatic test shall in no case exceed
one hundred degrees Fahrenheit;" so that the
section will read:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, Thatwhen boilers
are so arranged on a steamer that there is employed
a water connecting-pipe through which water may
pass from ono boiler to another, there shall a.lso be
provided a similar steam connection, having an area
of opening into each boilerof at least onesquareinch
for every two square feet of effective heating surfaco
contained in any one of the boilers so connected,
half the flue and all other surfaces being computed
as effective. And no boilershall hereafter be allowed,
under the rulo now established by law, a greater
working pressure than one hundred and twenty
pounds to the square inch.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was'in section three,
line nine, to strike out the words " instead of
and in line ten to strike out the words "high-
pressure boilers, there shall be employed plugs
or rivets of pure tin, inserted in such places
and in such manner as shall be prescribed by
the board of supervising inspectors," and to
insert "boilers shall be fusible, as now required
by law, and at a temperature not exceeding four
hundred and forty-five degrees of the Fahren-
heit thermometer;" so that the section will
read:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That one or more
additional safety-valves, of such dimensions and
arrangement as shall be prescribed by the board of
supervising inspectors, shall be placed on the boilers
of every steamer, and shall be loaded to a pressure not
exceeding five pounds above the working steam press-
ure allowed, and shall be secured by the inspector
againstthe interference of all persons engaged m the
