1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The sole purpose of the bill is to seeure.to
that class ofpersons the fundamental rights of
citizenship: those rights which constitute the
essence of freedom, and which are common to
the citizens of all civilized States; those rights
which secure life, liberty, and property, and
winch make all men equal before the law, as
they are equal in the scales of eternal justice
and in the eyes of God.
To accomplish this great purpose, the bill
declares, in the first place, that all persons
born in the United States, and not subject to
any foreign Power, are citizens of the United
States. Now, I do not regard that as the enun-
ciation of any new principle. Itis, in my judg-
ment, but declaratory of the existing law. Ac-
cording to my apprehension, every man born
in the United States, and not owing allegiance
to a foreign Power, is a citizen of the United
States, it is a rule of universal law, adopted
and maintained among all nations, that they^
who are born upon the soil are the citizens of
the State. They owe allegiance to the State,
and are entitled to the protection of the State.
Such is the law, whether you put it, into this
bill or not. So far as this declaration of the
bill is concerned, it is but reiterating an exist-
ing and acknowledged principle of law.
Well, conceding that this general proposition
is true, either by the force of existing law, or
by the declaration which it is proposed to put
into this bill, it is then asked, by what power,
by what authority, do you propose to guaranty
and protect the rights of the citizens of this
Government? If the proposition which 1 have
assumed as true be correct, that, these people
are citizens of the United States, does it not
seem at the first blush to be a very singular
proposition to say that the United States under
its Constitution have no right to guaranty to its
own citizens, by positive law; those great fun-
damental right's of citizenship which are enu-
merated in this bill? Does it not strike the
mind of every man with wonder that the Cram-
ers of the Constitution of the United States
who made this great and wonderful fabric of
human Government, and who evinced so much
skill and foresight in making it, should have
framed a Government which is incapable of
protecting its citizens in these fundamental
rights of citizenship? Would it not be ;ui ex-
traordinary circumstance if the trainers of the
Constitution had made a Constitution which
was powerless to protect the citizens of the
United States in their fundamental civil rights,
their rights of life, liberty, and property ? And
yet to that position are those gentlemen driven
who deny the existence of any power which
authorizes Congress to puss this bill.
If I am asked from whence the power is de-
rived to pass this bill, 1 reply that, 1 derive it,
in the first place, from the second section of
the late amendment to the Constitution. I say,
further, that so far as regards the power to
declare the freedmen citizens is concerned, it,
may be clearly derived (if it be not inherent in
the very frame of every Government,) from that
clause of the Constitution which gives the ex-
press power to Con,giess to pass laws for natu-
ralization. And I might say, also, that iu my
judgment sufficient power is found, by impli-
cation at least, iu that clause of the Constitu-
tion which guaranties to all the citizens of the
United States their right to life, liberty, and
property.
There are sources of power enough from
which this power can be deduced. In my judg-
ment no man can find any difficulty in seek-
ing contitutional grounds upon which to place
his justification for supporting this bill. The
object of the late amendment to the Constitu-
tion was to abolish slavery. It was the pur-
pose of that amendment to relieve those who
were slaves from all the oppressive incidents of
slavery. It would have been idle on the part
of the people of the United States to say that
they would abolish slavery, and at the same
time to say that they would permit any section
of the country to impose upon that class of
persons who were liberated by that great act
of justice all the concomitants, all the disabil-
ities, and all the tyrannical restrictions which
grow out of and were a part of their condition
of slavery.
Sir, that cannot be said. The amendment
to the Constitution gave liberty to all; and in
giving liberty itgavcidso a complete exemption
from the tyrannical acts, the tyrannical restric-
tions, and the tyrannical laws which belong to
the condition of slavery, and which it is the
object of this bill forever to remove.
The bill under consideration is intended only
to carry into practical effect the amendment of
the Constitution. Its objcct is to declare not only
that slavery shall be abolished upon the pages of
your Constitution, but, that, it shall be abolished
in fact and in deed ; not only that, that feature
of slavery shall be abolished which permitted
the purchase and sale of men, of women and
of little children as slaves, but that all feat-
ures of slavery which are oppressive in their
character, which extinguish the rights of free
citizens, and which unlawfully control their
liberty, shall be abolished and destroyed for-
ever.
To put any other construction upon this great
amendment, of the Constitution is to deprive it
of its vital force, of its effective value. It is to
cheat the world by sounding phrases; and while
you pretend to give liberty to those who were
in bondage, to leave them in reality in a con-
dition of modified slavery, subject to the old
injustice and the old tyranny which character-
ized their former unhappy condition.
Sir, what kind of freedom is that which is
given by the amendment of the Constitution,
if it, is confined simply to the exemption of the
freedmen from sale and barter? I)o you give
freedom to a man when you allow him to lie
deprived of those creat natural rights to which
every man is entitled by nature? I ask the
Democratic members of this House, wliat.kind
of freedom is that by which the man placed in
a state of freedom is subject to the tyranny of
laws which deprive him of rights which the
humblest citizen in every State in Christendom
enjoys? What, kind of freedom is that under
which a man may be deprived of the right of
going at his own volition from one place to
another; may be deprived of the ability to make
a contract; may be deprived of the ability 1o
sell or convey real or personal estate; may be
deprived of the liboit.y to engage in the ordi-
nary pursuits of civilized life; may be de-
prived of the right to be a party or a witness
m a court of justice, or maybe subjected to
pains and penalties which arc not inflicted
upon oilier citizens''
No, sir, it is in vain that any such restrictive
interpretation is souirliL to be placed upon this
great, charier of freedom, which has recently
been given by the people of the United States
to lliis class of its people. It is contradictory
of the whole scope and object of t It is great
grant, and you cannot, maintain it without can-
celing and rendering nugatory the grant itself.
1 say, therefore, that by virtue of the second
section of the amendment of the Constitution
Congress lias express power to pass laws which
will guaranty and insure these great rights and
immunities of citizenship to those who, by the
act of emancipation and the amendment of the
Constitution, were made freemen, and who in
becoming freemen became citizens.
Now, if any doubt exists in the mind of any
man in regard to the position that this class of
persons having become free have by law become
also citizens, in the strict and legal meaning
of that word, then I say that bj' that provision
of the Constitution which gives to Congress an
express power to naturalize, Congress has am-
( pie authority to confer the rights of citizenship
| upon this class of persons. Therefore those
who do not assent to the correctness of what I
have expressed as my own opinion in regard
to the legal status of these people, independent
of the declaration contained in the first section
of the bill, ought, it seems to me, in their search
for power to pass the bill, to have their doubts
removed by the consideration that the bill it-
self in conferring citizenship upon the freedmen
confers it in pursuance of and by virtue of an
express power delegated by the Constitution to
Congress.
The Constitution, as we all know, has given
to Congress this express power to naturalize.
It is capable of being established by numerous
precedents that that does not mean that the Gov-
ernment of the United States, acting through
Congress, can confer the right of citizenship
upon foreigners only. The word ': naturalize''
conveys no such exclusive idea. It simply
means to give to a man, or any class of men,
the same rights of citizenship which belong to a
natural-born citizen of the country. It does
not mean that we can only do that in the case
of foreigners; it means that we can do it in
respect to any one, or in respect to any class,
the only restriction being the uniformity of the
law which may bo adopted on that subject.
There are, as the House well knows, numer-
ous precedents for the exercise of such power
by Congress. We are all familiar with that
provision of the naturalization law which nat-
uralizes the minor children of foreigners who
have been naturalized. We all know that there
have been instances in the history of this Gov-
ernment in which the right of citizenship has
been given under this clause of the Constitu-
tion to whole tribes'of Indians existing among
us, and who have been gradually reclaimed by
time and civilization from their barbarous con-
dition. All these precedents are against any
argument which can bo made to restrict the
power of naturalization to the case of foreigners.
If that be admitted, or if nothing of counter-
vailing force can be urged against it, then why
have we not the power undcrthis express clause
of tin- Constitution to confer the rights of citi-
'/enship upon this class of persons? T do not
know what answer can be given to that ques-
tion. I do not know, sir, how that position
can be denied.
Air. ROGERS Why, sir, it is well settled
that the laws in regard to naturalization have
no reference except to foreigners, and are not
intended to ineludepersons who were born here.
Mr. TIIAYER. That is a declaration which
I deny; and I have taken up some little lime
in indicating the grounds upon which I deny it.
The gentleman says it, is well settled. 1 ask
him to tell me where and when it was so de-
cided.
Mr. ROGERS. It was so decided in one of
the cases 1 have referred to.
Mr. TIIAYER. The gentleman says it was
so decided in one of the cases lie, lias referred
to. 1 cannot test the accuracy of such a citation
as (hat. 1 am not aware that any such decision
has been made ; and 1 challenge the gentleman
now to produce such a decision. It is in the
face of the numerous precedents established by
the legislation of this country, and alwajs rec-
ognized by the Government. Let us see the
decision to which the gentleman refers.
Mr. ROGERS. Does the gentleman pretend
that the clause in the Constitution authorizing
Congress to make uniform rules of naturaliza-
tion was intended to naturalize persons who
were born in this country? Does ho not know
the object was to naturalize persons who came
from abroad? lias not that been the uniform
application given to it? lias not that been the
construction given to it from the foundation of
the Government down to the present time? The
Constitution contemplated foreigucis, and not
citizens or inhabitants of the United States.
Mr. THAYER. The position of the gentle-
man is wholly untenable. It has not to my
knowledge been so decided, and there is noth-
ing in the language of the Constitution which
gives the slightest color to it. We may natu-
ralize any class ofpersons. It is a process to
which you may not only submit foreigners, but
one born in this country, and all the precedents
bear me out in the position I assume.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have endeavored to sat-
isfy myself and have come to the same conclu-
sion as the gentleman from Pennsylvania on
the precise point he is now discussing. I ask
