88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
Mr. FOOT. I now move to amend the res;
olution bjT striking out the word ''contingent'
• and inserting: "compensation,'" so as to make
the amount payable out of the compensation
fund instead of the contingent fund of the
Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time,
and passed.
MRS. LINCOLN. *
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up
the bill in reference to Mrs. Lincoln.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection that bill will be considered as
1*>£ 'Fr>t,a Ratio+a
Mr; CRESWELL. May I inquire what the
bill is?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title of
the bill will be read for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
A bill (II. 11. No. 4) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Lincoln, widow of the late President of
the United States.
Mr. WADE. I hope the Senator from Kan-
sas will let that bill lie over until the reports
from committees are gone through with.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This bill will lead
to no discussion. I only desire to amend it by
inserting three words, so as to carry out the
intent of Congress.
Mr. WADE. If it will lead to no discussion
I shall not interpose an objection.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Mrs. Mary Lincoln, widow
of Abraham Lincoln, late President of the Uni-
ted States, or, in the event of her death before
payment, to his legal representatives, the sum
of .$25,000, but any sum of money paid to his
legal personal representatives since his death
on account of his salary as President of the
United States, is to be deducted from this sum
of $25,000.
Mr. FOOT. I think an amendment becomes
necessary in order to carry out tho intent of the
bill, as suggested by the Senator from Kansas.
The bill is a literal transcript of the act making
like compensation to the widow of President
Harrison. It will be seen by the proviso that
there is to be deducted from the $25,000—1he
salary for one year, the salary intended for the
current year upon which Mr. Lincoln had
entered—such sums of money as have been paid
since his death to his administrator. A literal
interpretation of this language wbuld include
moneys that had been paid him, as in fact
moneys were paid to the administrator of Mr.
Lincoln, on his salary falling due for the months
of January and February of the preceding year.
I say, a literal interpretation of these words
would require a deduction of that money from
the $2-3,000. Such is not I he intent, manifestly,
of the bill; such is not the intention of Con-
gress; but only to deduct such moneys as may
have been paid his administrator for the current
year. I move, therefore, to insert after the
words "President of the United States," in the
proviso, tho words, "for the current year," so
that the proviso, if amended as proposed, will
read as follows:
Provider] always, That any =uim of money which
shall have been paid to tho personal representatives
of said Abraham Lincoln, since Ins rlealb, on account
of his salary us President of the United States for the
current year, shall he deducted Irom the said sum of
$25,1100.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
'J ho amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was
read the third time and passed.
A message was afterward received from the
House of Representatives announcing its con-
currence in the amendment.
MESSAGE PKO.M THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Cleik, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bill and jointresolution ; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 11) to facilitate commercial,
postal, and military communication among the
several States; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 9) to amend
the Constitution of the United States.
The message further announced that the
House of Represeutath es had disagreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the resolution of
the House proposing an adjournment of the two
Houses from the 20th of December to the 9th
of January next; asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon ;
and had appointed Mr. E. B. Wasiiburxe of
Illinois, Mr. James E. Wilson of Iowa, and
Mr. E. R. V. Wright of New Jersey, managers
at the same on its part.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE. I hold in my hand a very
able and well-drawn memorial of the society of
Friends who met lately in Baltimore, in which
they have summed up what they believe to be
the hardships and evils under which the freed-
men are laboring in divers parts of the Union,
and what they conceive to be the remedy, and
they pray that Congress may adopt such legis-
lation as will remedy those evils. I move that
the memorial be referred to the joint special
committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying that there
be granted to the soldiers and their legal repre-
sentatives of the last war one hundred and sixty
acres of unappropriated lands belonging to the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition from cit-
izens of Massachusetts, and, as I have many
similar petitions to offer, I will call the partic-
ular attention of tho Senate to its prayer.' It
sets forth very briefly several propositions:
first., that the people in the rebellious districts
having by their own acts vacated their rights
as citizens and as State organizations, and hav-
ing by act of Congress been declared alien ene-
mies, have as yet no right and arc improper
persons to be represented in Congress; that the
policy of the Executive, in assuming to restore
civil authority through military governments
without the aid and advice of Congress, is con-
trary to the spirit of our institutions ; that it is
tho right and duty of Congress, at the earliest
possible moment, to assume control over the
late rebellious districts, and to provide pro-
visional governments for the same in order
that sovereignty may be restored at an early
period, and a truly republican form of govern-
ment be guarantied to every State; that before
recognition of the late rebellious districts as
States and their admission to the national
councils, a due regard must be had for the
rights of the loyal people, and for security for
the future, which cannot be obtained by oaths ;
that while we may renounce indemnity for the
past, irreversible guarantees for the future must
be insisted upon, and should be obtained before
readmitting rebels to equal rights with loyal
persons; that the States actually cooperating
and supporting the national Government, as
represented in Congress and in Legislatures,
constitute at all times a constitutional quorum
to make laws and to amend tho Constitution,
any number of ex-States, having no consti-
tutional representatives and Legislatures, not-
withstanding; that emancipation is not com-
plete as long as the black codes exist; therefore
the petitioners pray Congress to take measures
to provide provisional civil governments for the I
late rebellious districts, and as security for the I
future, to exact irreversible guarantees, among I
which should be. first, the unity and sover-
eignty of the Republic: secondly," enfranchise-
ment and equality before the'huvs; thirdly,
security of the national debt: fourthly, the le-
jection of the rebel debt: fifthly, compulsory
education; and sixthly, national peace and
tranquillity by impartial suffrage. I offer this
petition from citizens of Massachusetts, and
move its reference to the joint committee hav-
ing the subject of the condition of the rebel
States under consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER also presented similar peti-
tions from citizens of the States of Missouri,
New York, New Jersey, Kentucky, Indiana,
Ohio, and Illinois; which were referred to the
joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. SUMNER. I also, Mr. President, offer
what is called " a petition and memorial of cit-
izens of the United States," proceeding from
an assembly in the Puritan church at New York,
and signed by the committee to whom, on the
occasion of the mooting, was delegated the duty
of preparing this petition and memorial, the
committee being George B. Cheever, Edward
Gilbert, and Parker Pillsbury. In the course
of this very elaborate document, the argument
for justice to an oppressed race is setforth under
several different heads. We have here, for in-
stance, at length the revolutionary opinions
and the articles of Government; we have here
a discussion of the question of attainder of color
or race, which, it is said, is forbidden by the
Constitution; also the question of expost J'acto
laws which are declared to be inconsistent with
the Constitution and are applicable to this ques-
tion ; also the guarantee of a republican form
of government in the Constitution, under which
the petitioners insist there should be equal rights.
The petition concludes as follows:
" Y ourmemorialists therefore pray that no State may
be admitted into the "Union with the proscription of
color in its constitution or laws; neither Colorado, nor
Tennessee, nor South Carolina, nor any other State
now applying for admission.
"Your memorialists pray that equality of all classes
before the law, including the right of suffrage, the
right of testimony, tho right to bear arias, secured and
protected for oil classes as for the whites, may he re-
quired of the States in their constitutions and laws,
before any of theia arc permitted to assume their for-
mer independent position in and under the Govern-
ment of the United States.
"That a renewal of the injustice for which the rebel-
lion was undertaken may bo rendered forever im-
possible. your memorialists pray that ail amendment
be added to tho Constitution of the United States."
I move the reference of this petition and
memorial to the joint committee of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. SUMNER. T also offer a petition from
citizens,_ colored and white, of the State of Vir-
ginia, with a large mass of accompanying pa-
pers, in which they ask Congress 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Without interrupting
my honorable friend, I understand 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts give way to the
Senator from Wisconsin?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understood that the
last memorial asked for an amendment to the
Constitution of the United Slates. I submit
to my honorable friend from Massachusetts
whether that question had not better go to the
Judiciary Committee, as it is a question of
amending the Constitution of the United Stales.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator had listened
to the memorial as I read it, he would have
found that the memorial was chiefly occupied
with topics which aro now submitted to a joint
committee.
Mi*. DOOLITTLE. But tho prayor of tlie
memorial is for an amendment of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. I begfhe Senator's pardon.
He did noUlisten to the memorial.
The memorial I now have is, 1 say. from citi-
zens of Virginia in the neighborhood of Nor-
folk, white and black, with papers accompanj"-
ing; and they ask. according to the resolutions
of a public meeting, that Congress will adopt
such legislation as will secure to the lately re-
bellious States a republican form of govern-
ment, and the consequent protection of the col-
ored citizens of Virginia in life, liberty, and
properly, and the granting to the colored citi-
zens of those States the right to testify in courts
and to equality of suffrage the same as white
citizens. 1 move that this petition and the ac-
companying papers go to the joint committee.
The motion was agreed to.
