4032
.Mil CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
July 23,
iS one. I ask for the sense of the Senate-
upon it
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tire Chair
submits to the Senate whether this amendment
can he received.
Mr. SHERMAN. It cannot be under the
rale, being, a private elaim. I ask that the
role be enforced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has ruled it to be a private elaim, but was will-
ing to submit the question for the sense of the
Senate; if desired.
.. Mr. SHERMAN. The question- should be
put, then, is this a private claim? The Senator
himself admits that it is, and that is the end
of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not regard the amendment as in order.
Mr. GRIMES. lam instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to propose the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the
first section of the bill:
For the erection of a chapel in the Naval Academy
grounds at Annapolis, Maryland, $25,OUO.
When the naval appropriation bill was under
consideration we had before us a recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy, based upon
the report of Admiral Porter, in command of
the Naval School, and of the chaplain at that
post, recommending this appropriation. Hav-
ing been at the Naval Acadcmy upon several
occasions myself, and knowing that there was
a small chapel there, I thought that a consid-
erable portion of the money proposed to be
expended might be saved by enlarging the
present chapel; and at that time, at my in-
stance, instead of appropriating the $25,000
that was asked for, the Senate appropriated
$7,000 to enlarge the old chapel. I have been
there since with the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Mokrill. ] We examined the chapel and after
conversation with the officers in charge and
from personal examination I became satisfied
that I was mistaken in proposing to enlarge
the present chapel; and in confirmation of
that opinion I desire to read one paragraph
from the report of the Board of Visitors who
have recently visited the Academy, composed
as it was of somo of the ablest gentlemen in
civil life and in the naval service, in which
they say :
" The board learned with regret that it is proposed
to try the experiment of enlarging the present chapel
of the Academy. It is, in our judgment, a mistake
to spend any considerable sum of money upon a
building which, even with the proposed enlargement,
must still be not only unsuited for its purposes in
other respects, but of inadequate size; and we there-
fore recommend the erection of a new chapel, of a
eharaeterbettersuitedtoitspurposes.andof sufficient
capacity to make it possiblo to assemble under its
roof for divine worship all the midshipmen in the
Academy and their officers of government and in-
struction."
Mr: JOHNSON. How do you get at the
$25,000?
Mr. GRIMES. That is what they recom-
mend.
Mr. MORRILL. Having been referred to by
the Senator from Iowa as having been present
with him at the Naval Academy on a certain
occasion, I can bear most decided testimony to
the unsuitableness of the structure which was
intended to be repaired. I think the money
appropriated there would have been worse than
thrown away. The only surprising thing to
me was, that the honorable Senator from Iowa,
who professes to have been there on a previous
occasion, should have consented to an appro-
priation for the repair of such a structure as
that was. and I am led to suppose that he must
have been there under circumstances which
eatild not have been favorable to a correct
examination.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to inquire of
the Senator from Iowa what is to be done with
the present appropriation for the enlargement
of the chapel.
Mr. GRIMES. It is expected that that will
lapse to the surplus fund in the Treasury.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I think it better to re-
peal it j and I move to amend the amendment
by adding to it, " and the existing appropria-
tion for the enlargement of the chapel is hereby
repealed."
Mr. GRIMES. I aceept that.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I have another amendment
from theCommittee on Naval Affairs to come
in as an additional section :
And be it farther enacted. That midshipmen and aet-
ingmidshipinen in the Navy of the United States shall
be entitled to one ration or commutation therefor.
I hold iti my hand a document that has been
published at the present session, and I suppose
is on the desks of members, a very full and very
satisfactory report of the Board of Visitors that
recently assembled at the Naval Academy for
the examination of that institution. Among
other things their attention was called to the
subsistence, quarters, and everything of that
description furnished to the young men, and I
beg leave to read to the Senate a letter written
to the board at their request by Paymaster Ab-
bott, who was stationed at the Academy, show-
ing the amount of expenses that each of the
young men at the Academy is compelled to
undergo. Ho says:
Paymaster's Office,
United States Naval Academy,
Annapolis, Maryland, May 25, 1866.
Sir: To your letter of the 23d instant, requesting
information for the Board of Visitors in regard to the
allowances, expenses, &c., of midshipmen, I respect-
fully reply as follows:
Midshipmen have no allowances in addition to
their yearly pay, which is $500, and from which fifty
dollars per annum is reserved until their graduation.
Thestatement appended will acquaint you with their
nceessary expenses for the current academic year:
Subsistence, @ $22 month, tor eight months..§ll76 00
Washing and mending, @ S3 $ month, for
eight months  24 00
Room furniture, annual  5 43
Servant,©liicents'^month.foreightmonths.. 1 00
Barber, and one bath %S week, hotor cold, ®
month  8 00
Clo'hing  198 00
lext-books, average  24 50
Stationery and drawing materials  20 00
Assessment for baud, 50 cents month, for
eight months  4 00
$490 53
There have been miscellaneous expenses, (among
which mending is included,) such as postage, dentist,
and express, but these vary so much in individual
cases that no specified amount can bo designated as
applicable to all. Table furniture is provided by the
commissary without expense to the midshipmen.
X am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
chables w. abbott;
Paymaster United States Navy.
Lieutenant Commander S. B. Luck,
Commandant Midshipmen, Naval Academy.
Admiral Porter gives the expenses per month
for the three months spent at sea:
Naval Academy,
Annapolis, Maryland, May 28,1866.
Sir : In reijly to your letter of the 28th instant, ask-
ing, m behalf of acommittee of the Board of Visitors,
to be informed as to the duration of the cruises of the
practice vessels in 1865, and the cost of subsistence
and other items paid by a midshipman during that
cruise, I have to state that the midshipmen were em-
barked on the 13th, and that the practice vessels sailed
from Newport, Rhode Island, on the 20th of June, and
arrived at this place on the 12th of September last,
making a cruise of two months and twenty-five days,
and that the cost of subsistence of each midshipman
per day was 49i cents, or per month of thirty-one
days ..   $15 42
Washing per month    3 00
Contribution per month to band  50
$18 92
This statement includes all disbursements made by
the paymasters of the several practice vessels for the
midshipmen who performed the cruise of 1865.
X am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
, , • , a A VII) D. PORTER,
Jicar Admiral and Superintendent Naval Academy.
Surgeon D. Harlan, United States Navy.
Add that amount per month for three months
to the sum expended for their support during
eight months on shore, and you have $517 69
a year, which is $17 69 more than this Govern-
ment allows them. Then out of this $500 it is
to be remembered there is reserved fifty dollars
immediately upon their entering to cover any
contingencies that may occur, such as their
being sent away and being compelled to pay the
expenses of their travel to reach their friends.
Calling the fifty dollars which is reserved in
the Treasury an expense, their expenses are
really $67 69 more than the Government pays
them. . * J
This amendment proposes to give them one
ration, which is thirty cents a day, amounting
to $109 50 a year, which will give these young
men about forty dollars a year more than their
actual expenses. It will be observed that there
is no deduction made here for pocket money or
anything of that kind. I have taken the trouble
to look into the way in which the larger item in
this account, $1/98 for clothing, is expended,
and I find that all the articles are obtained upon
the most economical method possible; a suit of
clothes is furnished complete to each of these
lads at forty-six dollars and charged against the
$500. we allow them per year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know whether
it is worth while to appeal to the Senate not to
pass this class of amendments upon this appro-
priation bill. The effect of this amendment
is to increase the pay of the naval cadets. If
we do it, the same application will be made on
behalf of the Army cadets. I do not think
this is the proper place to legislate on that
subject. The Senator from Iowa can report a
bill at any time for this purpose. If we put
this amendment on this bill we shall have the
same application from the Army. These young
gentlemen now get $500 a year toward aiding
them in their education. They get the benefit
of tuition and all various facilities and advan-
tages extended to them by the Government of
the United States. At any rate, I liope this
bill will not be loaded down with this class of
amendments. The compensation was fixed at
$500, I think about two years ago, both for
West Point and Annapolis, and I trust it will
not be altered in this appropriation bill.
Mr. GRIMES. It was fixed more than two
years ago. It was fixed four years ago, in 1862.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since the beginning of
the war.
Mr. GRIMES. In 1862, before high prices.
I do not know when the law fixing the amount
to be paid the cadets at West Point was passed.
I remember that the amount paid to naval mid-
shipmen was fixed in June, 1862, four years
ago. The Senator says that these young men
are educated at the public expense. That' is
true; but they are educated at the public ex-
pense because we think it to our advantage so
to educate them; not as a eratuity bestowed
on these young men, not fortheir benefit, but
for our benefit. Let me say that a great many
of them have passed into the Academy from
apprenticeship, who when#they first entered
the apprenticeship were mere waifs upon the
surface of society. How are they going to be
able to keep up their standing in the Academy
if it costs them $67 69 more than the Govern-
ment pays? I have not recommended any very
great increase of pay, but simply enough, at
the instance of the Superintendent of the Acad-
emy and the academic faculty, to keep them
along without any pocket money.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes eight-
een, noes not counted.
Mr. CHANDLER, I offer the following
amendment, on page 11, after line two hun-
dred and forty-three of section one:
JFor R.*P. Parrott, for building an iron light-house
at Cape Canaveral, Florida, $12,198 35.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise the point of or-
der 
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the letter of
the Secretary be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not worth while. I
raise the point of order that it is a private
claim.
_Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose the Senator
will admit that every dollar we appropriate
goes to somebody. Now, I will strike out the
name of R. P. Parrott, if that will improve the
case in the Senator's mind. It is for building
a light-house at Cape Canaveral. It so hap-
pens that R. P. Parrott's name was placed in
it; but that can be struck out.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it not for money due
to him for building a light-house?
Mr. CHANDLER. Tes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is a private claim.
