2112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
the appointment shall be made at the very last
days of the session of the Senate, and the Sen-
ate adjoorn ivithout acting upon it. as suggested
to me by the Senator from Illinois, some very
serious difficulties may arise from the fact that
notice has not been communicated to the offi-
cer. He may hold on for a month before he
really knows "that the Senate has rejected his
appointment; hence some specific term should
be stated within which the salary may continue
to be paid after the adjournment of the Sen-
ate, and beyond that time it ought not to be
paid. I will therefore modify my amendment
by inserting after the word "rendered'' in the
twelfth line, the words "after the expiration
of thirty days.'' That will give ample time for
notice to be sent to any part of the United
States that the Senate has rejected a nomina-
tion, and we shall pay him no salary from the
expiration of thirty days from the adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are those the only mod-
ifications that you propose to the amendment?
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mod-
ifications named by the Senator from Missouri
to his amendment will be made, the amend-
ment being under his own control as yet.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not propose to argue
the question again; but I submit to the hon-
orable member from Missouri, and to the mem-
ber from Ohio, the acting chairman of the Fi-
nance Committee, whether if this provision is i
to pass at all it ought not to be still further
modified. The latter part of the amendment
says that if any such person, that is, if any
person whose nomination has been rejected or
upon whose nomination the Senate have not
acted, is again appointed to the same office by
the President, he is not tobepaid. Tnatapplies
to the two cases of a nomination rejected, and
a nomination not acted on. Suppose a nomi-
nation comes in a day or two before or the very
day the Senate adjourns, or suppose the Senate
without any good reason, for want of time, fails
to act, or is unwilling to act. it would rather
the matter should go over, as has frequently
been done, is it necessary, in order to guard
against any possible mischief which could re-
sult from iea\ing the President the power to
appoint, to attempt to take from himiudirecily
the power to appoint by providing that the
appointee shall not receive his salary '.'' I he
vacancy may occur the day before, or the very
day the Senate is about to adjourn, and he
nominates: you cannot act upon it; you ad-
journ; is the o'vee to remain vacant during
the whole time that may intervene between
the time of the adjournment and the time of
the meeting of the next session?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I beg to suggest to the
Senator from Maryland another case. Sup-
pose a person in office should die on the day
the Senate adjourns, and no information is
received by the President or by Congress, and
therefore there could be no action, either by
the President or Congress, it is still a vacancy
during the session of the Senate, but the Pres-
ident cannot fill the vacancy.
Mr. HENDERSON. This amendment only
applies to the appointment of the same person
who has once been rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 am speaking now. not
of your amendment, but of the doctiine held
by the Senator from Illinois. Now. the par-
ticular inconvenience, and it seems to me. the
gross injustice, of a provision of that sort would
be avoided by striking out, if the amendment
is to be passed at all. in the seventh line the
words "or not consented to before the adjourn-
ment thereof.'' It would then read :
And whose appointments having been submitted
to the Senate have, boon reieeted, no money shall bo
drawn from the Treasury, ke.
T nnrefi with the Senator from Ohio that he
has no right, under the original appointment
of the President, to continue in office after the
adjournment, because his commission expires
with the adjournment: but the next clause of
the amendment deprives the President of the
authority to reappoint him. If the words which
I have just read be stricken out, the power to
reappoint would apply only to those whose |
nominations have not been acted upon, deny- j
ing the power to appoint those whose nomina- j
tions have been rejected. I suppose that will i
answer the purpose the honorable member has ;
in view. '
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know that I
] have any serious objection to the modification
| suggested by the Senator, provided he will
make the amendment at the end of line twelve
i instead of the seventh line. I will insert the
words " so rejected by the Senate," at the end*
• of the twelfth line, so that it will read:
| And if any such person so rejected by the Senate
' shall after sueh adjournment be appointed to the
! same office, no money shall be drawn, &e.
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatmod-
, ification will be made as suggested by the
Senator.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I feel very much indis-
posed to vote for this amendment in any shape
in which it has been put or is likely to be put.
The Constitution, which invests the nomina-
tion and the appointment in the President, has
! provided for vacancies which may occur during
| the recess.. The framers of the Constitution
i knew that this Government in all its branches
] would require officers necessarily in the diff'er-
j ent localities to carry it out, and they knew
i that vacancies would occur when Congress was
I not in session and when the advice of the Sen-
ate could not be taken, and they provided that
| those vacancies should be filled, and they
; allowed no restriction upon the President in
the selection of the individuals to do it. Now, I
think in order that the Government may be car-
ried on and the laws faithfully executed, this pro-
vision for appointments during the recess of the
Senate was a wise provision and should receive
a liberal and fair construction, so that we shall
not fail in having officers. In the best light in
which this ^proposition can be put, it is only
| restricting the President in the appointment of
: particular individuals. I can understand why
| the gentleman wants to keep a man who has
| been rejected by the Senate from receiving pay;
j but I cannot understand why he should wish to
I deny pay to the man on whose nomination the
! Senate have not had time to act, or whom they
I were not willing to take the responsibility of
: rejecting, and thus allowed it to go over. It
' is proposed to restrict the President from
| appointing him, and to declare that he shall
depend upon the v. ill of the Senate at the next
session of Congress. I am satisfied there is no
just reason for depriving any individual who
has been nominated to the Senate for an office,
and they have not acted upon the nomination,
and he has filled the office and discharged the
duty, of his pay.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sena-
tor that that has been modified so as to confine
it only to cases where the officer has been actu-
ally rejected by the Senate.
Mr, GUTHRIE. When I read the amend-
ment it was the other way.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have modified it in
that respect.
! Mr. GUTHRIE. It was liable to the objec-
| tion. and the whole proposition is distasteful
\ to me. because it strikes at individuals iustead
of striking at principles. The individuals who
' are appointed are not to be paid, though they
fill the offices and it is within the power of the
: President, and he is bound to see that these
offices are filled, so that the public service may
! be discharged by competent individuals. It is
| his duty to do so, and yet by this provision
[ you attempt to restrain him in the discharge
j of that duty by selecting certain persons and
;1 saying if they are appointed they shall not be
! paid for discharging the duty of the offices. I
| think we have no right to curtail his power in
II the premises, and I think we ought not to set
i, the example of thus encroaching upon the
II President's prerogative of appointment. It
11 looks to me as if we were beginning to make
] a little war on his appointments before they
! are made. I -do not think that is becoming the
! Senate. I shall therefore vote against the
I amendment ia all its shapes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am quite aware of
these opinions of the Attorneys General, com-
mencing back some thirty or forty years ago.
The Attorneys General are the appointees of
the President, and we know that they hold
their offices at his will, and we know that when
some persons have filled the presidential office
they have not allowed persons to hold Cabinet
offices who did not agree with them in opinion.
I do not mean to derogate from the high char-
acter of the gentlemen who have filled the
office of Attorney General in this country.
They have been very able men, distinguished
men, and they have given opinions upon the
clause of the Constitution which I have read,
but I really think those opinions will not bear
the test of examination. If you bring those
opinions to the language of the Constitution,
I think you will see that they cannot be sus-
tained. A mistake has arisen in the Senate
in supposing that the President can appoint to
office at any time. The President cannot ap-
point an officer either in the recess of the Sen-
ate or during the session of the Senate. The
Constitution of the United States has not pat
the appointing power in the President's hands,
but it has put it in the hands of the President
"by and with the advice and consent of the
Semite;" and he can no more appoint an
officer without the advice and consent of the
Senate than he can make a treaty without the
advice and consent of the .Senate. He can do
neither. The language of the Constitution is
peculiar. This is the language :
"He shall have power,by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he
shall nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States, whose appointments are not herein otherwise
provided for, and which shall bo established by law."
Then follows an exception authorizing Con-
gress by law to vest the appointment of inferior
officers either in the President alone or in the
courts of law or in the heads of Departments.
That is not material to the question we are
now discussing.
Here, then, is the appointing power given to
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate; and that is all the appoint-
ing power that is given in the Constitution of
i the United States. The men who framed this
Constitution saw that the Senate might not
always be in session; there might bo a diffi-
culty in consequence of vacancies occurring by
deatli or resignation while the Senate was not
in session, and it would be impossible to fill
that vacancy or to have the duties of the office
discharged unless a power was vested in some-
body temporarily to detail a person to per-
form those duties ; and hence they added this
clause:
"The President shall have power to fill up all
vacancies that may happen during the recess of tho
Senate by granting commissions which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
Now, what shall the President have power
to do? To ''appoint" persons? Not at all;
i but he shall have power to "fill up vacancies
! by granting commissions which shall expire at
the end of the next session." Tho vacancy
exists all the time; and if the President de-
sires to have that person to whom he has
granted a commission to fill up the vacancy
continued in the office, he nominates him to
the Senate and he is confirmed—not on this
commission that was granted ; that is not the
practice. If a postmaster in the city of Bal-
timore had died in September last, and the
President had designated A 13 to discharge
\ the duties of postmaster at Baltimore on tho
1st of Octobcr by granting him a commission
to expire at the end of the present session of
the Senate, and he thinks proper to appoint
that same person to the office of postmaster in
Baltimore, this designation that he has made
i by giving the commission is not what comes
' before us at ail; but he sends his name in to
us, and asks the Senate to advise and consent
that ho may appoint this man (whom he de-
i tailed by giving him a commission to act there
