1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2113
until tie Senate should meet) to the office,
and his commission dates from confirmation,
and this designation that he had given him a
commission to expire at the end of the session
goes for nothing; that is the end of it.
Mr. COWAN. Is he not a good postmaster
until the end of the session, even though his
name should never be sent in and somebody
else's should be sent in?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not an appointment
at all. It is a person acting in that place by vir-
tue of the power vested in the Constitution.
Mr. COWAN. The word "fill" is used
instead of "appoint."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; and there is
some meaning in that; there was a reason fox-
that ; but the Attorneys General say that the
President may fill any vacancy that exists dur-
ing the recess of the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. Not "which happens."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, that is not
the language of the Constitution, and that lan-
guage gives no effect whatever to the words
"during the recess of the Senate." If the
intention of the framers of the Constitution
had been that the President might fill any
existing vacancy during the recess of the Sen-
ate or any vacancy which existed they would
have said so, but that is not what thoy have
said. They have said that ho may fill up a
vacancy that may happen during the rcccss of
the Senate. These words "may happen dur-
ing the recess of the Senate" are used in other
portions of the Constitution. By reference to
that clause of the Constitution of the United
States which authorizes the appointment of
Senators, it will be found that the Constitution
declares that the Senate of the United States
shall be composed of two Senators from each
State, chosen by the Legislature thereof for six
years ? What else does the Constitution pro-
vide?
"And if vaoancies happen by resignation or oth-
erwise during the recess of tho Logivlature of any
State, the Executive thereof may make temporary
appointments until tho next meeting of tho Legisla-
ture."
The language isprecisety the same, "if vacan-
cies happen during the recess of tho Legisla-
ture." Has it not always been held in this
body that the vacancy must happen during the
recess of the Legislature or it did not authorize
the Governor to appoint? Has not that been
decided over and over again, that the Execu-
tive of a State cannot appoint a Senator to fill a
vacancy in this body unless tho vacancy hap-
pened during the recess? Is not the fact that
it occurs during the recess of the Legislature
necessary to authorize the Executive to ap-
point? That has been decided over and over
again, and is the settled construction of the
Constitution of the United States, admitted by
everybody. How often has it happened that
States have been partially unrepresented in
this body just from the fact of the Legisla-
ture's failing to elect. We have one such case
now from the State of New Jersey. The
Legislature was in session when a vacancy
occurred here by tho decision of tho Senate
that Mr. Stockton was not entitled to his seat;
and the Legislature has since adjourned. Does
anybody suppose that the Executive of Now
Jersey has a right to fill that vacancy? The
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] says he
does.
Mr. HOWE. You say the vacancy hap-
pened by the removal of Mr. Stockton.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes; and I say, does
attybody contend that the Executive of the
State has authority to fill that vacancy?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; I say it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is well settled the
other way; and I did not suppose that any-,
body held that doctrine. It has been decided,
I do not know how many times, but a number
of times, where the question has been brought
up in the Senate, and it has always been de-
cided that the Executive cannot appoint a Sen-
ator to fill a vacancy which existed while the
Legislature was in session.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another element
in the New Jersey case.
39tii Coxa, l&x Siasrf.—JS'o. 133.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator will allow me to
explain. The question upon which he and I
would differ, I presume, is whether tho exist-
ing vacancy was occasioned by the displace-
ment of Mr. Stockton. My own impression is
that the vacancy which exists is a vacancy
which occurred by the expiration of the term
of Mr. Ten Eyck. If that occurred during the
session of the Legislature, the Governor can-
not appoint, but if it occurred during tho
rcccss—
Mr. TRUMBULL. But tbero lias boon an
intervening session of the Legislature, if it did
occur during the recess.
Mr. HOWE. That vacancy we have decided
never has been filled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Wisconsin hold, then, that after a Legislature
has intervened the Executive can then act?
Suppose the vacancy did occur during the
recess of the Legislature; suppose a Senator
were to die and subsequent to his decease tho
Legislat ure of the State from whence lie came
meets, fails to elect a Senator, and adjourns,
docs the Senator from Wisconsin mean to say
the Executive can then appoint? The Legis-
lature of New Jersey has been together since
the expiration of the term of Mr. Ten Eyck.
But there would be another and a conclusive
answer to tho Senator's suggestion, and that
is? this: Mr. Ten Eyck left no vacancy} Mr.
Ten Eyck ended his term j and it has been
repeatedly held ihnl the Governor cannot
appoint to an original term. That is not a
vacancy happening. That is provided for by
the Constitution in the clause winch declares
that each State is entitled to two Senators
elected for the term of six years; and no Gov-
ernor has ever undertaken to appoint a Sen-
ator for six years. Somebody must first be
put into the office, must have commenced the
term, before a vacancy can happen ; so that
I think my friend from Wisconsin will find
upon investigation that in both points of view
the Executive in the case T have supposed
would have no authority to fill tho vacancy.
Now, sir, the language, as 1 said in regard
to the filling of a vacancy in the case of a
Senator, is the same in the Constitution as it
is in regard to tho filling of a vacancy in the
case of an officer of tho United Slates. They
must both happen during recess of the author-
ity which has tho right to make tho appoint-
ment ; in the one case the recess of the Legis-
lature of the State, and in the other the recess
of the Senate of the United States. If it were
not so, it would be very easyto dispense with
that provision of the Constitution which has
vested the appointing power of all officers in
the President by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, because the President could
make appointments (if you call the filling up
of a place by a commission an appointment)
the moment the Senate adjourned, and con-
tinue in that way to make them as often as the
Senate adjourned, and keep in office whomso-
ever he pleased, which would be manifestly
a perversion of the meaning of the Constitu-
tion.
This whole question was submitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary in 1863. It is no
new question, and the Senator from Kentucky,
if he will look into the subject, will find that
it is not an attack upon the Executive. This
is no new proposition in this body.
Mr. GUTHRIE. The Senator will permit
me. I did not charge it as any attack upon
the President. I charged it as an attack upon
some people who had been nominated before
this body and have been rejected or are
likely to be rejected or not acted upon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no such motive
governing me. I speak of the construction
which I believe to be the true one of the Con-
stitution of the United States, without reference
to anybody who has been befbre the Senate or
is likely to be before the Senate. 1^ the Thirty-
Seventh Congress this resolution was sub mi tted
to the Committee on the Judiciary:
" Resolved, That tho Committee oil the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire whether the practice which
to some extent prevails 111 some of tbc'Departments
of tho Government, of appointing officers to fill vacan-
cies which have not occurred during the recess of
Congress, but which existed at the preceding session
of Congress, is in accordance with the Constitution,
and if not, what remedies m.iy be applied."
My friend from Michigan. [Mr. Howaiid,]
who was at that time a member of tho commit-
tee, wrote an elaborate report, which J hold in
my hand, on this subject, in -which he reviews
the opinion of Attorney Conorul Wirt He
quotes from him the very same language tho
Senator from Maryland has quoted to-day, and
also the opinion of other Attorneys (Jeneral,
and comes to the_ conclusion, in which tin; com-
mittee was unanimous, that the vacancy must
begin to exist during the recess of the Senate
in order to authorize the President to fill it bv
giving a commission to expire at the end of
the next session of the Senate. In comment-
ing upon this opinion of Attorney •General
Wirt, the committee say in this report:
" We equally dissent from thoconstrwition implied
loy tho substituted reading, 'happened to exist,' for
the word 'happen' in the clause. To say that an
event which is to ' happen' during a given peiiod of
time may logically be sni event which does not hap-
pen during (lint period, but during smother and an
anterior period. t>ecms lo usto be apervorsion of lan-
guage. * Happen to exist,' as here employed by Mr.
Wirt, is plainly intend id a* the equivalent of 'hap-
pen to be existing,' or 'in" existence,' and is u^od
to imply (.though it does not) a continuance or pro-
longation of the event ((he vaeaney) fiom a point, of
time anterior lo tho recess Now.it is tho vacancy
that is to 'happen.' Certainly any event which has
begun and become eomploto nuust be said to havo
happened. But if a vacancy onco exiaK it has in law
happened; for it is in itsolf nn instantaneous event.
It, implies no continuance of the act tbat produces it,
but takes effect, and is complete and perfect, at an
imliviciblo point, of time, like tho beginning or gtkI
of a recess. Once in existence, it has happened, and
tho mcro continuance of the condition of things
which tho occurrence produces cannot, without, cow-
founding the most obvious distinctions, be taken or
treated as the occurrence itself, as Mr. Wirt seems to
have done. Tho words 'during their rcccss.' aro
plainly intended to qualify and limit tho term hap-
pen.' Tho vacancy is to happen during their recess.
Wow, if the vacancy the President is authorized to
Kill may (as Mr. Wirt and his successors contend) take
place indtlFcrcntly during the recess or during tho
session, is it not evident that no meaning or etfeet.
whatever us given to the words ' dining their reet s.. V
Are not tho.se words practically expunged from She
Constitution ?
"Agaiu, we see no propriety in forcing the language
from H« popular meaniuM'in order to meet and i\ilfill
ono confessedly great purpose, (the keeping theoftioo
tilted,) while there i* plainly another purpose of equal
magnitude and importanco (titling qualifications)
attached to and inseparable from thoformer. Jn such
a case tho argument inconvenicnti has no force,
because tho anticipated evils on the ono hand aro
counterpoised by those on tho other.
" But this forced and unnatural interpretation
becomes more manifest in its results. Those results -
would quickly open the way to a practical depriva-
tion of all power of the Senate over executive appoint-
ments. For if thoPresident may in the rcccss appoint
to and till an office which during asession of tho Sen-
ate was vacant, ho may omit to make any nomina-
tion at a subsequent session, and at the close of it
agam appoint him under tho ideaof filling a vacancy,
and so 011 from session to session. In the hands of
an ambitious, corrupt, or tyrannical Executive, this
use of the power would soon bring about tho very
state of things which the Constitution so carefully
guards against, by requiring, in express terms, that
the advice of the Senate shall first be taken, and its
consent obtained before an appointment shall bo
made. "We do nothesitatoto say that this great safe-
guard of tho public rights, interests, and .peace is
practically prostrated and destroyed by the insidious
and, to our minds, totalJy unfounded construction
which has been forced upon the clause.
"The committee, in considering the subject, have
not overlooked tho subsequent opinion given by Mr.
Attorney General Taney, in 1832, and that of Mr,
Legar6, in 3841. Although tho latter thinks the ques-
tion one of no difficulty, and it is. in his mind, so plain
as to 'admitof 110 doubt, whether it bo considered
as one of pure legal science or as matter of public
expediency,' he carefully avoids putting it upon the
ground taken by Mr. Wirt, that tho word happen'
may be construed to mean 'happen to exist?' which,
as was too plain, at once revolutionized not only the
letter but tho apparent intention of the clause; but,
with a far more adventurous spirit of interpretation,
puts the claim of power upon tho provision that the
President 'shall take care that the laws be faithfully
executed."'
Mr. Legar6 puts it upon that clause of the
Constitution, as if under that the President of
the United States derived any authority to
appoint men to office in a different mode
that specifically and in the very terms Pr03,lC{?
by the Constitution itself. I will not read the
whole of this report though it argues more
, clearly than I can do in any .extemporaneous
j remarks, the meaning of this clans® 01 tn©
