THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8073
management of the vessel or her machinery. And
the alloyed metals now required by law to bo placcd
in or upon the ilucs of boilers shall be fusible, as now
required by law, and at a temperature not exceeding
four hundred and forty-five degreesot the Fahrenheit
thermometer; and a good and reliable water-gauge
and a.full set of gauge-cocks shall bo provided ior
each boiler, whether connected or otherwise.
Tlie amendment "was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
five, after the word "and*' to insert the words
44every steamboat boiler hereafter built;'5 so®
that the section will read:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no steamboat
boiler hereafter built, to which the heat is applied
on the outside of the shell, shall be constructed of
plates of more than three tenths of an inch in thick-
ness, the ends or heads of the boiler only excepted.
And every steamboat boiler hereafter built, if em-
ployed on rivers flowing into tho Gulf of Mexico, or
their tributaries, shall havonotless than thrceinches
of clear space for water between and around its inter-
nal flues. And steamers hereafter built, which shall
employ four or more boilers set in a battery, shall
have the same divided in such a manner that one
half, as nearly as may be, of the number of boilers
employed will aet independently oi'thc other haif, so
far as relates to the water connection; but thestcam
from all tho boilers may bo connected a? provided
by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five,
line one, after the word "that" to strike out
the -words " baled hay or straw" and to insert
"cotton, hemp, hay, straw, or other casil}'
ignilible commodity;'' in line four, after the
word "passengers" to insert " except on ferry
boats crossing rivers, and then only on the
sterns of such boats; " and in line seven, after
the word "canvas" to insert "or other proper
material; " so that the section will read:
Sec. 5. Andbeit further enacted. That cotton, hemp,
hay, straw, or other easily ignitible commodity shall
not be carried on the decks or guards ol anystcaiuer
eanying passengers, except on feny hoat-> clossmg
rivers, and then only on the sterns of such boats,
unless the same shail be protected by a complete and
suitable covering ot canvas or oilier proper material,
to prevent ignition from sparks, under a penalty ol
$100 for each offense. Nor shall coal oil or crude
petroleum be horeatter carried on such steamers,
except on the decks oi guards theieof, or in open
holds, where a free circulation of ail is secured, and
at such distance fiom the furnaces or lircs as may
be prescribed by any supervisois, inspector, or any
,local board of inspectors.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tions six, seven, eight, and nine, in the follow-
ing words:
Sec. G. And be itfurthei cnacted, That hereafter it
shall not be lawful to transport, carry, or convey tho
substancc or article known or designated as nitro-
glycerine or glynoin oil upon or in any ship, steam-
ship, steamboat, vessel, car, wagon, or other vehicle
used or employed in transporting passengers by land
or water between a place or places m any loreign
country and a place or places within the limits of
any State, Territory, or distiict of tho United States,
or between a place in one State, Temtory,or district
of the United States and jt place in any other State,
Territory, or distiict thereof: and any person, eom-
pany, or corporation who shall knowingly \iolate
the provisions of this section shall be liable to a line
not exceeding $5,000, at the disci etion of 1 he coui t, to
be recovered by an action ol debt, one half to the use
of the iniormer.
Sec. 7. Awl be it further enaet'-d, That in ca=c the
death of any person shall be caused, directly or in-
directly, by an explosion of any quantity of .said sub-
stance or article, while the same is being placed upon
or in any such ship, steamship, steamboat, vessel,
ear, wagon, or other vehicle, to he tiansported, car-
ried, or conveyed thereon or therein, m violation of
the foregoing section, or while the same is being so
transported, carried, or conveyed, or while the si.mo
is being removed from such ship, steamship, steam-
boat. vessel, car, wagon, or other vehicle, every per-
son who knowingly placed or aided or permitted tho
placing ot the said substance upon or in such ship,
steamship, steamboat, vessel, ear, wagon, or other
vehicle, to be so transported, carried, or conveyed,
shall be deemed guilty of murder, and on conviction
thcreoi shall be punished accordingly.
Sno. 8. And be it further eaacted, That it shall not
be lawful to ship, send, or foiward any quantity of
the said substance or article, or to transport, convey,
or carry the same by a ship, boat, vessel, vehicle, or
conveyance of any description, upon land or water,
between a place in a foreign country and a place
within tho united States, or between a place in one
State, Territory, or district of tho United States and
a place in any other State, Territory, or district
thereof, unless the same shall bo securely inclosed,
deposited, or packed in a metallic vessel, separate
from all other substance*, and the outside of the
package containing the same be maiked, painted, or
labelled in a conspicuous manner with the words
"mtro-glycerine—dangerous."' And any person, com-
pany, orcoiporationwho shall knowingly violate tho
provisions of this section shall he liable to a fine not
exceeding S3,000, at the discretion of the court, to be
39ti-i Cost«. 1st Sr«. --No. lf)H.
recovered by an action of dobt, one half to the use
of the informer.
See. 9. And be. it further ewxeted, That the district
court of the United States within the district in
which any offence against this act shall be commit-
ted, or if committed in or upon any ship, boat, ves-
sel, or vehicle beyond tho territorial limits of any
district, then within the distiict from which tho same
depaitcd or that in which it shall first arrive, shall
have jurisdiction to try and punish the offender in
accordance with the provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirteen,
line throe, after the words " United States"
to insert the words "except vessels subject
to the jurisdiction of a foreign Power and en-
gaged in foreign trade and not owned in whole
or in part by a citizen of the United Stales j
so thai the section will read:
That all vessels navigating the boys, inlets, rivers,
harbois, and other waters of the United States, ex-
cept vessels subject to the .iunsdiction of a foicign
Power and engaged m foreign trade ami not owned
in whole or in part by a citucn of the Uni ted Si ates,
shall bo subject to the navigation laws ot the United
States, Are.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fourteen,
line two, to strike out the word "steamers"
and insert the word '"vessels," in line llnee
to strike out the words "the chain of" and to
insert the words "any of the northern and;"
and after the word "to," in line five, to strike
out the words " bo operative by one person,
by which they may be disengaged at pleasure
from the tackles by which they are lowered
into the water" and to insert the words "al-
low such boats to be safely launched with their
complements of passengers, while such vessels
are under speed or olherw ise, and so as to allow
such disengaging apparatus to be operated bv
one person disengaging both ends of the boat
simultaneously from the tackles by which it
may by lowered to the water;" so that the
section will read:
Sicc. 11. Awl //>■ it juriheretuu W. That all sen-going
vessels cairymg pa-.bcngeis. and those navigating
any ol the noithurn and northwestern lakes, shaii
have the life-boats required by law, provided with
suitable boat-disengaging apparatus, so a.-ran god as to
allow such boats io be sa lely uuchi d with their
complements of passr>nger< while such vessels are
under speed or otherwise, and so a.s to allow smh
disengaging apparatus to be oper ited by one ner.-on
disengaging both ends <>f the bn,>f simuitamou ly
from the tackles by which it may be lowcied to ihc:
water.
Mr. ANTIIOXY. Does that require the use
of a particular apparatus designated ?
Mr. CRESWVAAj. No, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifteen,
after the word "sail." in line seven, to strike
out the following words:
Itivcr steamers navigating waters flowing into
tho Gulf ot Mexico shall carry the following lights,
namely: One red light on the outboaid .side of the
port Mnoke pipe, and one green light fin the out-
board side of the starboard smoke pipe; these lights
to show both forward and ait, and al,-o abeam on
their respective side-*.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifteen,
line fouii-ecn. to stiike out the words "and
tliosc above provided for."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 18. And be it fvrther enoet-d, ThatsuncrvWng,
and local, and assistant inrpcutur< of fjteambo.it s shail
execute proper bonds, m such form and upon such
conditions as the Secretary of the Trcasuiy may pre-
scribe, and subject to his appm\al, conditioned for
the faithful performance of the duties of their re-
spective offices, and the payment, in the manner
provided by law, of all moneys that may be received
by them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That com-
pletes the amendments reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the bill
in the fifch line of the third section, by striking
outtheword "five" before theword "pounds,"
and inserting the word "two so that it will
read:
And shall be loaded to a pressure not exceed-
ing two pounds above the working steam-pressure
allowed.
This amendment was intended to have been
reported from the committee, but appears to
have been accidentally omitted in the printing
of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I further move to amend
the bill by striking out sections sixteen and
seventeen, and inserting the following in lieu
of tliern :
A n<( be it further enacted, That the annual compen-
sation paid to local inspectors of steamboats shall be
hereafter as follows, namely:
For the district of Portland, in Maine, $300.
For the district of Boston and Charleatown, in
Massachusetts, $1,000.
For the district of New London, in Connecticut,
For the district of New York, two at $2,000 each,
two at $l,o00 each, and one additional inspector of
boilers at Sl.oOO.
For the district of Philadelphia, in Pennsylvania,
£1,300.
For the district of Baltimore, in Maryland, 81,200.
Forthc district of Norfolk, in Virginia, $o00.
For the distiict of Charleston, in South Carolina,
For the district of Savannah, in Georgia. $400.
Foi (lie district of Mobile, in Alabama, SI ,000.
For the di-uiet of Now Orleans, 111 which New
Oi leans is the port of entry. Louisiana, $2,000.
For j he district ot Galveston, in Texas, $ 100.
For the distiict of St. Louis, in Missouri, $1,000.
(•'or the district of Nashville, in Tennessee, $-100.
Korthe district of Louisville, in Kentucky, 81,200.
Foi the district of Cincinnati, in Ohio, £<1,000.
For the disO set of Wheeling, "West Virginia, $500.
For the district of Pittsburg. Pennsylvania, $1,0-0.
For the district oi Chicago, Illinois, $800.
For the district ot Detroit, Michigan, ^1,000.
For the dh trict of Cleveland^, Ohio, $000.
For the district of lJuffalo, New York, $1,200.
Foi ihcdiMuc! ol O-uego, oi of which Oswego is
the port of entry. New York, "-IjOO.
Forthc detrict ot Yeimont, of which Burlington is
the port oi'cntiv, -.500.
For thetlFtiid ofS;ni FrencW-o, California,$1,500.
For thedi-tri'-t of Memphis Tennessee, $900.
Foi the ([rict of (lalena, Illinois,>1,000.
Foi the diMi n-t ofPoi il.iud, Oieeon, o700.
A)fl be it uh'thrr eoneird. That, there shall he pp-
pomtod, und; v the direction of the Secretary of tho
Treasury, one clerk each in the local offices at New
Yoi k and New Orleans, and tho annual compensation
allowed to these clerks shall be $7-30 each.
A nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of tho
Treasuiy may piocnrofor tho biipeivising and local
inspectors of steamboats s'ich stationery, printing',
nistuuncnts, and other things necessary for the use
of their respective otlh-es as may be required there-
for, and shall make such rules and regulations as may
be nceessaiy to seciue the proper execution of the
steamboat a<K and may from time to time cause
; pee nil e\a niinal ions to be made into the «idnuni->t ra-
tion ot the inspection laws.
Mr. WILLIAMS. T move to strike out, in
thai part of the proposed amendment which
applies to tho district of Portland, in Oregon,
*• S7i>0." and to insert the amount provided in
the original bill, ">>1,-00."
1 find that in tho proposed amendment sala-
ries of JSl .">'00 and SI.000 are paid to local in-
spectors in the Atlantic States, where, I am
satisfied, the business is not as large as it is at
Portland, in Oregon. In addition to that the
expenses ot Portland, in Oregon, are much
larger than they are in places on this side of
the continent. 1 have received communica-
tions from the local inspectors of that district
representing to me that an increase in their
sn laries is absolutely necessary, and! do not see
any reason why inspectors at Portland, Oregon,
should be reduced to $700, and the local in-
spectors upon the Mississippi river, at some
point.-, two or three thousand miles from its
mouth, should be paid $3,000, $1,200, or
^l.'r)oO, -when there is no point upon the Mis-
sissippi river where the business is lmif as largo
as it is at Portland, in Oregon. I therefore
move this amendment to the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Tho present amendment
of the committee is made up upon atcareful
examination of the amount of inspection and
other work done at each of the local offices at
the points named, so that as near as mathe-
matics can reach such a question, every in-
spector, bv the amendment reported from tbe
committee, is paid for what he does in the-
same ratio that every other inspector is paid
for what he does. The present law went into
operation in the year 18o2. and for the respect-
ive periods ending in 1855, 1800. and 1805,
tables have been constructed at the Treasury
Department showing the number of steamboats
inspected, the number of boilers inspected.
