1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSS,
him, while he is passing this point in his argu-
ment, whether he is prepared to reply to the
objection taken to his positition in the opinion
of Justice Curtis, not the opinion of the court,
but the opinion of an individual to which great
weight is to be attached, I presume, from the
authority and learning of the eminent judge who
delivered it.
Mr. THAYER. I have read the Dred Scott
case to which the gentleman from New York
has referred, but not recently ; and I should
feel much hesitation in commenting on the opin-
ion of the learned judge referred to without
having consulted it more recently. I do not
understand the gentleman to labor under the
difficulty which afflicts the gentleman from New
Jersey, for I understand the substitute offered
by the gentleman from New York to enact pre-
cisely what is in the first section of this bill:
that is, to confer the right of citizenship on this
class of persons.
Mr. RAYMOND. My opinion is that Con-
gress has the right to naturalize persons born
in this country, and as the gentleman is passing
that point I desire to be strengthened in that
view of it.
Mr. THAYER. I do not think I should do
justice either to Judge Curtis or myself if I
were to undertake to comment on the opinion
the gentleman from New York refers to with-
out having more recently made myself familiar
with the precise language he uses in his opin-
ion, and I have not the book at hand.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask whether Judge Curtis,
in the opinion referred to, did not take the same
ground in reference to uniform rules of natural-
ization I take now, that they were only in
tended to apply, by virtue of the power given
in the Constitution, to foreigners, persons not
born here—persons who come from other coun-
tries.
Mr. THAYER. If Justice Curtis took any
such view, the gentleman will have an oppor-
tunity to show it. I am not aware that he
agree? with the gentleman from New Jersey in
that or any other of the extraordinary views
—I say it with all deference—which the gen-
tleman from New Jersey submitted to the
House on yesterday. Now, sir, for myself, I
can safelv say 1 have no difficulty on that sub-
ject. 1 do not see any just ground of objec-
tion to that interpretation of the Constitution I
have insisted on, and especially I do not see any
ground of objection in view of the legislative
precedents to which 1 have referred. If, then,
the freedmen are now citizens, or if we have the
constitutional power to make them such, they
are clearly entitled to those guarantees of the
Constitution of the United States which are
intended for the protection of all citizens.
They are entitled to the benefit of that guar-
antee of the Constitution which secures to every
citizen the enjoyment of life, liberty, and prop-
erty, and no just reason exists why they should
not enjoy tht protection of that guarantee of the
Constitution.
What is the necessity which gives occasion
for that protection? Sir, in at least six of the
lately rebellious States the reconstructed Legis-
latures of those States have enacted laws which,
if permitted to be enforced, would strike a fatal
blow at the liberty of the freedmen and render
the constitutional amendment of no force or
effect whatever. It is a matter of history that
in four of these States at least the laws that
they have passed have been of such an oppress-
ive and tyrannical character that the military
commandants of those districts have felt it to bo
their duty to prevent the enforcement of those
laws. We know perfectly well that this has been
doneby the military commandersin Mississippi,
in Alabama, in South Carolina, andin Virginia.
Laws have been passed by the reconstructed
Legislatures of those States of a character so
oppressive and so cruel that the military com-
manders of the United States forces there have
been obliged to issue peremptory prohibitions
against the enforcement of those laws. 'I hat,
sir, demonstrates the necessity for enforcing
the guarantees of liberty and of American citi-
zenship conferred by the Constitution.
39xh Cons. 1st Sbss.—No. 73.
Now, sir, let me say a few words in regard to
the details of this' bill. A great clamor was
raised against this bill by the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] because of what he
called the military despotism which it created.
Surely the gentleman could not have made him-
self familiar with the provisions of this bill or
he would not have indulged in any such un-
founded and exaggerated statements in regard
to its effects.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman allow me
to put a question?
Jfr. TflAYER. A very short one.
Mr. ROGERS. Does not the bill provide for
calling out the land and naval forces to carry
it into effect?
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I am not a
little astonished at the question put by the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. Does not the gen-
tleman know that express power is given to
Congress by the eighth section of the first arti-
cle of the Constitution to provide for calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the
Union? Why, sir, the gentleman has been
living under a military despotism all" his life
and has not found it out until yesterday. Until
this bill was introduced he does not seem to
have been aware of the fact.
Mr. ROGERS. I have been aware of it
during the last four years.
Mr. THAYER. There is nothing in this bill
in this respect that is not already in the Consti-
tution of the United States. The power here
conferred is expressly given by that, instrument,
and has been excrcised upon the most Stupen-
dous scale in the suppression of the rebellion.
What is this bill? I hope gentlemen, even
on the opposite side of the House,'will not suf-
fer their minds to bo influenced by any such
vague, loose, and groundless denunciations as
these which have proceeded from the gentleman
from New Jersey. The bill, after extending these
fundamental immunities of citizenship to all
classes of people in the United States, simply
provides means for the enforcement of these
rights or immunities. How? Not by military
force, not through the instrumentality of mili-
tary commanders, not through any military
machinery whatever, but through the quiet,
dignified, firm, and constitutional forms of ju-
dicial procedure. The bill seeks to enforce
these rights in the same manner and with the
same sanctions under and by which other laws
of the United States are enforced. It imposes
duties upon the judicial tribunals of the coun-
try which require the enforcement of these
rights. It provides for the administration of
laws to protect these rights. It provides for the
execution of laws to enforce them. Is (here
anything appalling in that? Is that a military
despotism? Sir. it is a strange abuse of lan-
guage to say that si military despotism is estab-
lished by wholesome and equal laws. Yet the
gentleman declaimed by the hour in vague and
idle terms against this bill, which has not a
single offensive, oppressive, unjust, nnusual, or
tyrannical feature in it. These civil rights and
immunities which are to be secured, and which
no man can conscientiously say ought, to be
denied, are to be enforced through the ordinary
instrumentalities of courts of justice.
Where, then, is this great military power
which so alarms the indignation of the gentle-
man? All that there is of military power in
the bill is simply this: the last scction of the
bill contains a provision "'that it shall be law-
ful for the President of the United States, or
such person as he may empower for that pur-
pose, to employ such part of the land or naval
forces of the United States, or of the militia,
as shall be necessary to prevent the violation
and enforce the due execution of this act.'1
It clothes the President of the United States
with power to enforce the laws of the United
States if necessary by the military power of the
United States. It confers power upon the
President of the United States to enforce the
laws of the United States, if necessary, by the
whole military power of the Government. Who
objects to that? What good objection can be
made to the enforcement of the laws of the
United States by all the power of the United
States, whether it be military or civ<l? Why,
sir, the framers of the Constitution, as I have
already stated, put that very power into - the
Constitution it\ order that there might be no
doubt upon the subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DEFREES. I ask that by unanimotri
consent the time of the gentlemfen be extended.'
No objection was made.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the
House for its indulgence, and will not make Sin
improper use of it. The framers of the Con-
stitution put that very power into the Constitu-
tion in order to make the laws of the United
States supremo and irresistible. It is a power'
which, as all know, has heretofore been exer-
cised by the Government. What kind of a Gov-
ernment would that be which did hot possess
this power, and the execution of whose laws
might be set at defiance and baffled by any
combination of men who might choose to; set
themselves np in opposition to them? Why
have laws if Government has not physical force
and strength to enforce them ? Enforce them
if you can through the forms of judicial pro-
cedure and by the ordinary means at the com-
mand of judicial tribunals as this bill provides;
but if there are combinations against the peace-
ful enforcement of those laws, why should not
the military power of the United States, in pur-
suance of the express power given in the Con-
stitution, come to the rescue of the civil power
in order to enforce a law solemnly promulgated
by the people of the United States?
It is over this last section, which gives the
President of the United States this power to
enforce the laws of the United States when
the civil power is unable to do it, that all this
senseless clamor has been raised by the gen-
tleman from New Jersey. I see nothing, sir,
in this last section of the bill to arouse the fears
of the most vigilant guardian of republican in-
stitutions and republican liberty, nothing which
can give the least color of justice or truth
to the denunciations which have been hurled
against it.
No, si)1; all the provisions of this bill are of
a civil nature except the one to which I have
referred, which only confers the power in re-
serve upon the President to enforce the laws.
The bill is. from the beginning to the end of it,
in all other respects a civil bill, a bill for the
enforcement of civil rights by civil remedies,
by civil tribunals, by civil officers, and so far
from its being obnoxious to any charge of tyr-
anny, it is entirely free from it, and contains no
power which is not necessary to protect and
defend the great rights of American citizenship.
Mr. Speaker, allow me to say, in conclusion,
that such being the general nature of the bill,
and such being the character of its paiticular
details, there does exist, in my judgment, a
most imperative necessity which demands of
Congress the passage of this law. It is the
only protection which we can give to these un-
fortunate people whom you have ransomed by
a great price from the bondage in which they
groaned.
I approve of the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingitam,] in which he offers
to put this protection substantially into the Con-
stitution of the United States, though, accord-
ing to my best judgment, it is not necessary to
do so, and I have little hope that the proposi-
tion he submits will ever be earned into effect.
Still I will, in order to make things doubly se-
cure, vote for the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio. I will also vote for this bill. I will
vote for ever}' con titutional measure which is
necessary to discharge my honor of the obliga-
tion which rests upon it (as it rests upon the
honor of every member of this Ho use ^ in my
judsrment) to carry into practical operation and
effect the amendment abolishing slavery in the
United States, and which will secure beyond the
possibility of loss those fundamental civil rights
and immunities to which every freeman who
dwells under the flag of the United States is
entitled. I will vote for every measure which
is1 constitutional and which has for its object
