1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4033
>Ir. BUCKALEW. I move ' tins amend-
ment from the select committee on ventilation,
to come in on page 14, immediately after the
appropriation for'the Capitol extension;
For improvements in the Senate wing of the Cap-
itol proposed in the report of the joint select com-
mittee of the two Houses upon the improvement of
the Halls of Congress made at the last session, and
approved and recommended at tho present session
by the select committee of the Senate upon the ven-
tilation and sanitary condition of the Senate wing of
the Capitol, the sum of $117,685 25; and the said im-
provements shall be made and executed under the
management and direction of Charleg ®\ Anderson,*
as architect and superintendent, upon plans or speci-
fications and details to be submitted to and approved
by jDr. Thomas Antisoll; and all necessary contracts
for work and materials shall be madobythe Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings with the concurrence of
the architect and all accounts and expenditures for
said sums shall be examined and certified to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury lor payment by said Commis-
sioner. The compensation of said architect and su-
perintendent shall be at the rate heretofore paid to
the superintending architect of the Capitol exten-
sion, payable quarterly out of the foregoing appro-
priation,- commencing from and after the passage of
this act.
I suppose it would be best to have the report
of the committee on ventilation at the present
session read in connection with this amendment.
At the last session of Congress an elaborate
report was made by a joint committee of the
two Houses, recommending precisely the im-
provements now contemplated. An appropri-
ation, in accordance with their recommenda-
tion, was pat upon the miscellaneous appropri-
ation bill by the Senate last year, but without
any debate, in the expiring hours of the ses-
sion; and the committee of conference on the
part of the Senate, in meeting a like commit-
tee from the House, abandoned the proposed
appropriation, and they did it upon grounds
which were perhaps unexceptionable. That
bill was loaded down with enormous amounts
of undigested or unexamined matter, and this
section was of that character. The committee
had not leisure to examine the subject, and it
was abandoned, as I said before, along with a
number of other sections in dispute.
At the present session the select Senate com-
mittee took up the investigation and went over
the whole field of inquiry again, and we now
report to the Senate the amendment which I
have proposed. In the report at the present
session the committee have not gone over the
grounds covered by the former report, but they
have called attention to leading and important
points, which sufficiently vindicate the measure.
Without consuming the time of the Senate in a
frolongftd debate upon all the points involved,
propose, as this subject is important, and as
it will go to the House of Representatives and
be the subject of reference hereafter, to have
the brief report of the select committee at the
present session read.
The Secretary read the following report,
made by Mr. Buckalew on the 18th instant:
The sclcctcommittee on ventilation report:
That a joint select committee of the two Houses of
Congress was appointed under a joint resolution,
passed at the first session of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress, to examine into the condition of the Senate
Chamber and Hall,of the House of Representatives as
regards their lighting, heating, and ventilation, and
their acoustic properties, and the defects and disad-
vantages existing in the same. The committee con-
sisted of three mcmbeis from each House, and under
authority of the resolution of appointment made an
elaborate written report to their respective Houses
upon the subjects referred to them in February, 1865,
(See Senate committee report No. 123, Thirty-Eighth
Congress, second session.) The report was accom-
panied by sundry documents and the evidence taken
before the committee.
Tills committee, concurring in the main in therca-
soning and conclusions of that report, and having
reinvestigated the subjects covered by it, have now to
recommend the carrying into effect of the plan of
improvements contained in said report.
In making further observations upon the plan of
improvement, thecommittee will confine themselves
to the Senate wing of the Capitol, with the condition
of which, in regard to its ventilation and sanitary
condition, they are particularly concerned.
The committee are impressed with the conviction
that perfect or satisfactory ventilation of the Senate
Chamber cannot be secured so long as the present
roof is retained. The area of glass surface tor the
admission of light in the Senate roof exceeds three
thousand four hundred square feet. The remainder
of the roof is much more extensive, and is composed
of' copper of a single thickness. Below this metal
and. glass roof, and separated from it by the air
space used for lighting the Chamber, is the ceiling,
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 253.
extending o*er the whole Chamber, and composed
of glass a,nd iron. The inevitable result of these
arrangements is, that the Hall becomes inordinately
heated in summer by the direct admission of solar
rays, and by the radiation of h^at from the glass
and metal, of which the roof and ceiling are com-
posed. The temperature of the Hall is therefore
often elevated to about 90° Fahrenheit during the
sessions of the Senate; besides, at night sessions,
the temperature on the floor of the Chamber is ele-
vated as much as five or six degrees by tho lights
above the ceiling. This is the casein summer; but
in winter, on the contrary, the roof generates cold in
enormous quantity, producing irregularity and dis-
turbance, as well as expense, in the ventilation of the
Chamber. In short, the committee believe that the
roof must bo removed or changed in order to any
satisfactory ventilation of theHall, and that acbange
should also be made in tho manner of lighting the
Hall from that now established. The present roof
was not a feature of the'original plan of the-architect
by whom the wings of tho Capitol extension were
designed. 33y that plan light was to be admitted into
tho Hall by «idc windows placed in its upper eleva-
tion, which would give free ingress, whenever desired,
to the external atmosphere, and would have avoided
all the objections which exist to the present roof. By
placing side windows around the Hall, making them
double, and, when necessary, shading those exposed
to the direct rays of the sun, perfect illumination of
the Hall including tbefloorandgallerics, would have
been secured and all injurious influence of external
heat or cold excluded; and, besides, the pure exter-
nal aircould,whencverdesirable, have been admitted,
by simply openingthe windows; and then, by having a
closed roof, made double or counter-ceiledtft8.il noise
of storms would have been excluded and most of the
existing difficulties in ventilation avoided.
Two remedies have been proposed for tho defects
arising from the cxistirig arrangements: the one, to
aboli&h the present roof, substituting one of different
construction, and to place si'dc windows in the upper
part of the Hall, as originally intended; the other, to
remove the hall to the side of the Capitol wing. The
objections to the latter plan are very strong, and
may be regarded as decisive. The costwould bevery
great, many inconveniences would be encountered
in the general arrangement of the wings, and the re-
sults would not be entirely satisfactory as to the Hall
itself. "Side windows near the level of the floor would
admit some noise; the light from them would be di-
rect and offensive in certain situations; they would,
when open, produce currents of air directly upon
members, and would produce irregularities of tem-
perature in the Hall. Besides, the difficulties of
adopting a plan of regular and effective ventilation
would recur upon us in adopting this arrangement.
But rccurring to the other plan of windows in the
upper part of the Hall, in connection with the other
changes proposed by the architect, and recommended
in tho former report of the joint committee of tho
two Houses, we obtain, as the comniiu ee think, com-
plete and satisfactory result®. By abolishing theroof
we secure the Hall from its direct and enormous in-
fluence upon temperature, avoid the noise of storms,
and are enabled to obtain complete and regular con-
trol of the ventilation of the Hall. And by substitut-
ing a few lights with reflectors and ventilating chim-
neys for the present gas jets, we avoid the undue
production of heat at night sessions. The plan also
enables us to obtain pure air at all times with per-
fect facility, to hydrate it in winter in its passage to
the Hall, and to cool it in summer, and to remove it
with certainty and regularity at all times from the
Hall before it becomes contaminated by respiration.
The committee will not repeat the explanations
and reasonings of the former report, although they
are necessary to the full comprehension of the sub-
ject. They will contcntthemselves with referring to
that report as satisfactory upon all tho points and
details of the plan now left unnoticed. But two points
mentioned in the former icport may deserve some
further attention. The first is the exterior or upward
elevation of the wing; and the second, the proposed
downward movement of the air through the Hall in
the process of ventilation.
The slight elevation of the central part of the wing,
as proposed, will break the horizontal sky lino of the
building, and will conform to the orderof architect-
ure upon which the Capitol was de:'. ;ned. Theouter
lines of elevation will be behind the projections of
the porticos, colonnades, and most of the buiustrad-
ing now placed upon the exterior walls. The com-
mittee believe the effect will be pleasing to the eye,
while tho work will be conformed to the principles
of art. The attic designed will not be necessary to
the practical results desired in the ventilation of the
Senate wing, but may bo vindicated as an architect-
ural addition. It need not, however, be immediately
erected.
The downward movement of air, in ventilating
public buildings, discussed in the former rcpoit, is
powerfully recommended by recent practice in Great
Britain and France, and to some extent also in this
country. It has been completely successful as ap-
plied to the Commons Honve of Parliament, and to
other public structures in England, and it is tho ac-
cepted system in France. The recent able and ex-
haustive works of General Movin upon the ventila-
tion of tho public buildings of Paris has been, p„tthe
instance of the committee, examined by a gentleman
of high scientific character, n.nd the result is a com-
plete indorsement of the views of the architect who
planned our Capitol extension, and who now pro-
poses to apply his original principles in its improve-
ment.
The committee recommend that the plan of im-
provement be carried into execution during the com-
ing year, under the management of Charles F. An-
derson as architect and superintendent; the details
and plans of the work to bo examined and approved
throughout by Br. Thomas AntiselU and all eon tracts
to bo made under tho authority of tho Commissioner
of Public Buildings. The- work can be tully com-
pleted during the coming year, and all preliminary
arrangements can be made, plans perfected, and ma-
terials and work contracted for before or during the
next short session of Congress- '
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope the Senator will
explain to us the changes it is proposed to
make in the roof and Hall before we vote.
Mr. BTJC&ALBW. I will give some expla-
nation of this plan of improvement proposed by
the committee. The general features of the
plan are these: that the present roof shall be
abolished; we commence at the upper extrem-
ity ; and in its place a double roof or one coun-
ter-ceiled be substituted, which will exclude
all noise of storms and all influence of heat
and cold in summer and winter; the ceiling to
be elevated, and side windows to be placed in
the upjjer elevation of the Hall in its whole
circumference, enabling us at all times to com-
mand at pleasure a complete supply of pure
external air directly into our Chamber; and
by making the windows double, as they ought
to be in all buildings of magnitude, we obtain
control of the Chamber with reference to ex-
ternal heat and cold when we choose to exclude
them.
It will be observed that so far as I have gone
in my statement, the plan obtains direct com-
munication with the external atmosphere from
the Hall, and secures the air in it perfectly
from the influence of external heat and cold as
well as external noise.
The next point is a change in the lighting
of the Hall. We propose to remove the pres-
ent gas jets from above the ceiling and replace
them by eight or twelve—I forget which—lights
adjusted with ventilating chimneys p.nd with
reflectors. We can obtain from a limited num-
ber of such lights double the present amount
of lighting power in the Hall, if we eho ;se, by
the simple device of using reflectors, and by
using chimneys all the smoke and unused gas
are immediately removed and discharged into
the external atmosphere. That portion of the
plan will avoid the throwing down into the
Hall of heat at night sessions and enable us
tasit here with perfect comfort in summer,
even though we should not cool the air before
we introduce it into the Hall, which we pro-
pose to do.
So much, sir, with regard to the changes above.
Now, the general plan of improvement, as pro-
posed in the former report, but not recited in
the present one, was this: the air is obtained
at a short distance from the wings, convoyed
through an entrance passage of adequate ca-
pacity to a point in the basement, where it is
subjected to the influence of a fan j that is the
moving power, the one now used, and the one
in almost universal use in all large structures.
Near that fan is, placed the heating apparatus;
that which we have now can be used, and we
may extend it somewhat in magnitude; but
the same mode of heating can be applied. In
summer also, in this passage near the tan, we
can cool the air perfectly by a double process;
first by placing ice upon a grating which is de-
signea.in the plan; and secondly, by causing
jets and spray of water to pass through it in
its way; to the general air chamber, which is
above in the neighborhood of the u^per part
of this Hall. The air then is conveyed up-
ward from the fan through a passage to an air
chamber, where, whenever you desire, there
may be communication with the external at-
mosphere to temper it; that is, you can reduce
the temperature or increase it at pleasure. It
is then brought over the ceiling and admitted to
the Chamber by the present apertures through
which the air is excluded or carried away.
Then, sir, with regard to its removal from
the Hall, it will be removed from the Hall
through the present apertures in the floor de~
signed for its introduction. It can be taken
away from us through the present entrance
passage, and the same power which is now
u.sed to introduce it can be used to remove it
from the Hall.
Speaking, then, in general terms, we have
