3074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
the number of steamboats licensed, and the
number of pilots and engineers licensed, so as to
show the respective amounts of business done
at each of these points; and the amendment
providing for Portland, Oregon, the sum of
$700 is, according to these tables, the fair
ratio in proportion to the amount of labor that
is done there as compared with all the other
places where similar work is done, so that
while New York gets a great deal more than
Portland, Oregon, does, it is because a much
larger proportion of the time of the inspector
• is required to perform the duties.
It therefore appears to me that the scale
•which the committee have reported based upon
these considerations is as nearly accurate as it
possibly can be. The committee were not sat-
isfied with the bill as it came from the House
of .Representatives, and caused these tables
and investigations to be made with a view to
reduce the appropriation for this service to the
lowest amount possible consistent with the
thorough performance of the important work
■which these officers have to do; and upon
these considerations they have directed me to
propose the amendment which is now before
the Senate. The total increase provided for
by this amendment above the present law is
only $2,700 for the whole number of inspectors
for the whole United States, making §">,400
as the total annual increase of expense above
the original provision made in 1852; and all
that is done is to readjust, based upon the
business of the last fifteen years, the scale of
fees which is appropriate to each place.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if he knows what the present
salary of the local inspectors at Portland,
Oregon, is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The present salary of the
local inspector at Portland, Oregon, is $700,
precisely where the committee propose to leave
it. Some of the places we have not increased
at nil; others we have increased somewhat.
_ Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know how re-
liable the data may be to which the Senator
refers, but I am confident that if §700 was a
suitable compensation to the local inspectors
at Portland before this time, there ought to be
an addition to that compensation, for the busi-
ness has largely increased at that point, and I
presume increased with as much rapidity as at
any other point in the country. They are
extending steamboat.navigation from Portland
up the Columbia river, up the Snake river, and
ill) the various branches of the Columbia river.
They are constructing new steamboats, adding
very much to the steamboat navigation of that
river and of that district, and the duties im-
posed upon these local inspectors will be very
much increased, and I think there ought to be
a corresponding increase of the compensation.
A salary of $700 for a local inspector at that
point is just about no salary at all. Possibly
competent men can bo secured, but I very much
doubt whether the best men can be procured
at that salary; and if it is desirable at all to
have local inspectors of steamboats it is desir-
able to have the best and most competent men
in the country, because the object, I suppose,
in providing for those inspectors is to secure
life and property on board steamers.
I depend for my information upon represen-
tations from persons in that vicinity and upon my
personal knowledge of the amount of business
transacted at that point and in that district. I
am very sure that §700 is no adequate com-
pensation, and it is not reasonable that it
should be, because Portland and the district
of which it is the center is a community that is
rapidly growing in business. Business is rap-
idly accumulating there. Two or three years
ago, when this salary was fixed, there was one
steamboat where there are now half a dozen
engaged in business; and either the compen-
sation heretofore has been altogether too high
and unreasonable, or this compensation pro-
vided by the amendment of the committee is
not suitable to the circumstances of the coun-
try at this time. I think it is not in proportion
to the salaries paid at other points. I do not
know how the officer to which the Senator refers
obtains information as to the amount of busi-
ness in these districts, or when the reports were
made upon which he relies; but I am very sure
of one thing, that such a salary as it is now pro-
posed to give these men is no salary for any
business in that country where the expenses
are so high. The expenses of traveling are
mueli greater than they are here ; and the ex-
penses of living are much higher; and in every
respect the salary is inadequate to the services
to be performed ; and I insist upon it that the
salary ought not to remain at $700, and that my
amendment should be adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Oregon
is undoubtedly right, at least in my opinion,
when he says that the salary has been either
too high before or is too low now; but it ap-
pears to m"e that it has been too high hitherto.
In the very last year—and this will show the
Senate how much time is necessary to be em-
ployed to earn this $700—the total number of
steamboats inspected and licensed at the port
of Portland, in Oregon, was only twenty-five;
and a competent man, or two competent men,
because there are two in each district, can per-
form the work in three days, and can make their
reports and answer all the questions, and do
everything that is necessary, in three days more.
Of course $700 is a very high compensation
for a week's work; but it is true that that is
not the whole question, because you cannot
employ for that lime, having a responsibility
over the whole year, men who are tit to per-
form such work without paying them a salary
which has some relation in amount to the dig-
nity and responsibility of the office. So far as
the absolute labor goes, the time employed to
inspect these twenty-five steamers and their
boilers, &e., $700 is an excessive compen-
sation if you look at it merely in that point of
view ; but, as I said, the salary is made higher
on account of the dignity and responsibility of
the olfice. The cost to the Government at the
port of Portland for each steamer inspected is
fifty-six dollars, while the cost at Galena, where
eighty-nine are inspected, is only $15 G2, and
so on. The real truth is, and it is impossible to
disguise it or misunderstand it., that in places
like Portland, and many other places in the
country, the Government cannot afford to pay
the amount necessary to compensate a man
for all his time for a whole year, but it is ex-
pected that he will engage in other occupa-
tions. He maybe a builder of steam vessels;
ho may be a master mechanic in some other
department of industry; he may be one thing
or another, whatever he pleases, so that he
possesses the requisite knowledge and skill to
bring to bear upon the question he has in
charge whenever he is called upon. Now,
looking at it in this point of view, it appears
to me that we are paying for the present a sum
large enough. When the business increases,
let the salary be increased.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.' The ques-
tion now is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. YAN WINKLE. I should like to have
an explanation of the reason why the compen-
sation of the inspectors at Wheeling is re-
duced. While you are imposing additional
duties upon these inspectors, you are cutting
down their salaries one half. It strikes me
that that cannot be reasonable, at all events.
.The inspectors at Wheeling have charge of
sojnc two hundred and fifty or three hundred
miles of the Ohio river, along which at very
numerous points steamboats are constantly
built.and brought to Wheeling to be inspected
and licensed. Again, a good deal of the great
trade down the Ohio river settles at Wheeling
and Parkersburg, which are both railroad
termini, and all go to Wheeling for their
inspection. I should like theSenatorin charge
of the bill to explain the reasons why the salary
of the inspectors at Wheeling is cut down to
$500.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My only explanation is
that my friend from West Virginia is mistaken
in the assumption that it is cut down. The
present law gives the inspectors at Wheeling
$500, precisely where we propose to leave it.
The number of steamboats inspected at
Wheeling in 1855 was thirty-four; in 1860,
thirty-nine; and in 1865, forty-seven. "That
has been the total rate and amount of the
increase; and, considering the great number
of other inspection districts up and down the
river, at Pittsburg, Nashville, Louisville, and
all those places, we thought there was bo jus-
tification for increasing, at this time, the com-
pensation of the inspectors at Wheeling.
Mr._ VAN WINKLE.. I understand that
this bill provides for giving them a compen-
sation of $1,000, and that the amendment of
the Senate committee cuts it down to $500.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The original bill pro-
vided for giving them $1,000, and wo have left
it where the present law loaves it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I cannot say that I
know enough about the subject to make any
particular opposition, but I think there is a
discrimination made here that is not a just
one. I can only judge from my general knowl-
edge of the subject. I know that a good deal
of this business is done at Wheeling. What it
relates to, whether to hulls, or the whole in-
spection, or the inspections that must take
place from time to time afterward, I do not
know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. These tables that. I road
from contain the statement of every steamboat,
large and small, that has been inspected at that
place and reported by the inspectors. The
Senate are of course aware that by the present
law it is the duty of the steamboat inspectors
to keep a record of every official act that they
do in respect to the inspection of steamboats,
hulls, and boilers, and the licensing of pilots
and engineers. It is their business to make
quarterly returns of them, and certain fees are
assessable by law upon each steamboat owner
upon inspection, depending generally upon the
tonnage of the vessel. Those fees it is the
duty of the inspector to account for and pay
over into the Treasury. T]he scale of compen-
sation which the amendment that I have pro-
posed, for the committee, adopts, is, I repeat,
adapted precisely and mathematically to the
amount of labor done in each district and the
amount of fees received and reported to the
Treasury ; so that for the same amount, of time
employed in Wheeling, the inspector there is
paid the same compensation as is paid for the
same amount of time in New York, so as to
make it just, as to the time and labor and re-
sponsibility, all over the country. There is no
law which prohibits a steamboat inspector from
engaging in other occupations, and it is of
course expected, as the fact is, that every-
where where the salary is not large enough to
compensate for all the man's time, he engages
in other pursuits; and undoubtedly three fourths
of the steamboat inspectors of the country to-
day are engaged in honorable and profitable
occupations otherwise. For the labor which
they do for the Government they ought to be,
and are, liberally paid.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, striking out the sixteenth and seven-
teenth sections of the bill, and inserting a sub-
stitute.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole, and the Chair
will take the question on the amendments col-
lectively unless a division is asked.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to renew, in a
different form, my amendment to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Vermont.
I propose to strike out "$700" and to insert
"$1,000," in relation to Portland, Oregon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. At the
Senator's request that amendment will be ex-
cepted, and the Chair will put the question on
