1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the accomplishment of this great purpose and
the discharge of tins great obligation.
1 airrce m sentiment wirh the gentlemen upon
this iloor who have expressed their sense of
the great importance to the country at large of
the early restoration of the citizens of the
States lately in rebellion to all the privileges
which they renounced and forfeited by their re-
bellion. I would throw no unnecessary obsta-
cle, so far as I am concerned, in the path which
leads to that desirable end. But for one I will
not do that so inconsiderately or with such
haste as to place in jeopardy what has been so
dearly purchased by the people of the United
States. 1 will not do that at the expense of
-the free institutions of this country, I will not
do that in a manner which will place in (he
hands of traitors and disloyal men the control
of the Government of this couniry. 1 will not
return to ilie hands of the public enemy the
sword which is yet icd with the blood of the
soldiers and martyrs of the American Union.
'1 he gentleman from Xew York [Mr. Hay-
mo.vd | told us in his eloquent peroration upon
this subject that we should follow ihc example
of Ga^ar, who. after he bad overcome his great
rival. Pompey, forgave his enemies immedi-
ately, restored ihem to all their privileges, and
took them again to the bosom of the State. It
occurred to me, sii\ as I listened to the elo-
quent remarks of I hat gentleman, that the illus-
tration drawn from Roman history was a most
unfortunate one for the line of ai gument he had
in hand. The gentleman was right m his state-
ment of historical (acts. (\e-ar. immediately
after I he deci e bat! les in which be overcame i
his enemies, did take to his bosom those who j
had been the best friends of Pompey and the I
worst enemies of (\e~ar. The result of that ;
fatal error is well known. j
l>rutus and Cassias and many of the other i
conspirators against, the life of C:e-;ar fought I
against him at Pharsalia. The enemies of'i
Ca1'ar. Mealing into his confidence niider the j
mask of friend 'hip and ahuMicr his generous i
eieuieue\. eou-pm-d a^aln a his life. I lis par-
doned enemies, com cried suddenly into false
friends and restored to their M'ats m the Sen-
ate. stabbed him in the Capitol. Sir, 1 pray
God that the Peoublie may not be betrayed in
like manner, ana that she may not, acting un-
der the iniluence of inconsiderate counsels, be
in like manner put to death in the Capitol by
the false friend•; w ho were so recently her most
deadly enemies. Let us be just and generous,
but let 11s nWo guard with ugilanco the ureal,
trust which i: repo.-cd in our hands, and see
to it that the cau.e which ha: been triumph-
ant in batik- be not betnned ate! ruined b\
false couiiM'l- in peace. Let fhe enemies of
the Republic bo ie-4oi ed to l!!eii lost pmilegcs
as soun as it can be done with safely, but be-
ware that it be done in such a manner and un-
der such condition;- that the Republic itself
shall receive nn detriment.
\\ !:i!e en-ra'M-d in tlii . great work of restora-
tion, it concerns our honor that we forget not
those u'hoare unable to help themselves; who,
whatever may have been the misery and wretch*
edne-'s of their former condition, were on our1
side m the great struggle which has (dosed, j
and whose rights we cannot di .regard oi neglect i
without violating the most sacred obligations !
of duty and of honor. To us they look lor pro- }
toction against (he wrongs with which they are !
threatened. To us alone can they appeal in ;
tin ir helplessness for succor and defense. To ,
\\h I hey hold out i <>-day i heir supplicating hands, ;
asking for protection for themselves and their ;
posterity. W'eeannot disregai d thisappeal. and '
staudacqui'tcd before the<'ountry and tlieworld ;
of barely abandoning to a miserable fate those .
who have a rigln to demand the protection of;
your 'flag and the immunities guarantied to (
every trcenian by your Constitution. i
Mr. HILL. 1 desire to oOer an amendment ^
to the bill under consideration.
Tiie SPEAKER. An amendment is not in
order at this stage while the motion to recom-
mit L peauing.
motion to recommit by adding thereto instruc-
tions to the Committee on the Judiciary to
amend the bill by inserting after the words
"foreign Powers," in line four of section one,
the words " except those who have voluntarily
borne arms against the Government of the
United States or given aid and comfort to the
enemies thereof.1' Also, to insert at the end
of line sixteen, section four, the words ''except
the right of suffrage."
Mr. Speaker, I do not dc«ire to detain the
House by making any extended remarks iy>on
this subject. Bat at the same time kthink it
is proper that these amendments should be
made. It is certainly proper that the bill should
state what is the intention of the House in
adopting it if it shall be adopted.
The iir.-st amendment I have proposed leaves
the condition of those who have been in rebel-
lion against the Government of the United
States precisely as it now is. If they are now
full citizens, entitled to all the righrs of citi-
zenship, this amendment does not affect them
in that respect, if they are not now entitled
to the full rights of citizenship, it at least leaves
them without giwng them those rights by this
bill. 1 suppose it is not the intention of the
friends of i he bill to confer rights of citizenship
not now possessed, if any such rights might
exist, upon those who have been in rebellion.
My amendment takes no rights from them,
but leaves their rights to be determined here-
after.
The amendment upon the subject of suffrage
is, it seems to me, but a proper, fair, explicit,
declaration of what Inn been repeatedly stated
m argument, but does not appear in the bill,
il seem ; to me important, in ouler to relieve
this measure fiom any ambiguity. Jf it is not
the intention of the friends of this bill, as 1
understand it is not, to grant under the pro-
visions of this measure the right ofsulfracre to
the colored race, it eortaihly is but fair and
proper that the bill should so declare. This
amendment will relieve the bill from any am-
biguity on that point.
Mr. Khl>uinGK. Mr. Speaker, I thought
yesterday that I would discuss this measure at
some length; but 1 lind mvself this morning
very unwell: and 1 shall therefore make only
a few remarks, suggesting some objections to
the bill, and then give way to my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Tuouvmw j
t look upon the bill before us, Mr. Speaker,
as one of a series of measures arising out of a
feeling of distrust and hatred on the part of
certain individuals, not only in this House, but
throughout the country, toward tho.-,e persons
who loimerlyheld sia\ es. 1 had hoped thai
huiir befoi e ihi-i time the people of this country
would have come to the conelu.ion that the
subject olYlavery ami the quoMions connected
with ii hud already sufficiently agitated this
country. t had hoped thur now. when the war
is over, when peace has been restored, and
when in over\ S'aie of the Union the institu-
tion of slavery has been freely given up. its abo-
lition aequieseed'ln. and the Constitution of the
Cnited States amended in accordance with that
idea, this subject would cease to haunt us as it
is made to do in the \arious measures which
are constantly being hen4 introduced.
This bill is, it appears to me. one of the most
insidious and dangerous of the various meas-
ures which have been directed against the in-
terest of the people of this conntiy. It is an-
other of the measures designed to take away
the essential rights of the States. I know that
attempts to destroy the independence of the
State judiciary.
The second section of this bill provides:
That any person who under color of any law, stat-
ute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, shall subject or
cause to be subjected any inhabitant of any State or
Territoiy to the deprivation of any right secured or
protected by this act, or to different punishment,
pains, or penalties on account of Mich person having
at any time been held in a condition of slavery oriu-
voluntary servitude, except ns p. punish men tii-rcvim©
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, ot
by reason of his color or race, than is prescribed for
the punishment of white persons, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and,on conviction shall be
punished by a line not exceeding $1,000, or imprison-
ment not exceeding one year, or both, in the discie-
tion of the c-ourt.
Is it not an invasion of the right of the citizen
of a State when you thus declare that an inde-
pendent judge, who, in the cxercisc of his con-
scientious judgment and in obedience to his oath
of office, renders a decision in accordance with
the laws and constitution of his State, shall be
convicted as a criminal and subjected to pm ish-
merit by tine or imprisonment? Is it not a most
flagrant and tyrannical interference with the in-
dependenceof the judiciary when you thus seek
to iniluence a judge in his decision by holding
up before him a penalty for the violation of some
preteiulcd^right of some black inhabitant of
a State? Has the citizen no interest in the
independence of the judiciary? Is this not an
interference with the rights of the white man?
The inquiry was made by some gentleman—I
think by the gentleman from Missouri, (Mr.
Lovx]—why are these penalties made appli-
cable only to the judicial officer? It was an-
swered that the purpose was to control the
judge and prevent his executing the lav.' of the
St,Ue by his judgment wdicn it operated pecu-
liarity upon the irecdman and thereby enforce
the execution of the Federal law. There ia
no doubt it is a measure designed to accumu-
late and centralize power in the Federal Gov-
ernment.
But, sir, let me n«?k the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. [Mr. Thayer, J by what pro-
vision of the Constitution is the Federal Gov-
ernment authorized to affix a penalty to the
decision which the judge of a State court may
make in the exercise of the judicial function?
What provision of the Constitution gives you
that authority? 1 have read the Constitution
with some interest, but m vain if any such war-
rant is m it 
Mr. THAYER. As the gentleman has asked
me a question, [ will, with his permission, ask
him a question. I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin whether in his judgment the Uni-
ted States have not the right constitutionally
to enforce its own laws by pains and penalties?
If he supposes the United States have that
right, upon what ground he contends the Uni-
ted States have no right to enforce its law by
pains and penalties imposed for its violation?
Mr ELDRIDUE. Myanswertofluuisthis:
there can be no law of Congress in a case like
this, because there is no warrant in the Consti-
tution to justily the law. There is no author'
ity, no warrant in the Constitution, and hence
any act you may pass will be no law.
Mr. TlLVYEu. I understood the gentle'
man not to argue the penalty could not be
constitutionally enforced and imposed be-
cause the law itself was unconstitutional, but
to argue on the independent ground there was
no constitutional authority in Congress to im-
pose on a judge for refusing to execute the
law which it was his official duty to execute.
If the gentleman places it upon the ground the
when I speak of Slates and State rights. 1 enter il law itself was unconstitutional, that is placing
upon unpopular subjects. But, sir, whatever the argument on different ground from that
oilier gentlemen may think, I hold that the j| which I understood him to assume.
Mr. ELDRIIXrD. Does the gentleman con-
tend Congress may require a State judge to ex-
ecute laws of Congress? Can they, by force,
compel him to carry them out? Can they, by
rights of the States are the rights of the Union,
that the rights of the States and the liberty of
the States are essential to the liberty of the in-
dividual citizen. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Tiiayi:r] inquires what right of ]■ pains and penalties, make him the mere creat-
the States this bill proposes to take awav. I |: ure of the Federal Government? The ques-
repiv. it seeks to lay prostrate at the feet of the ;; tion has been decided over and over again that
Federal Government the judiciary of the States, j, tliev cannot enfo^se them through a State judge,
ft not only proposes to enter the States to reg- ii But, Mr. Speaker, this bill has other objee-
Mr. lilLL. Then I will move to amend the !I ulate their police and municipal affairs, but it il tions> Not only does it attach pains and pen-
