2114
• THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
Constitution, and comes to the conclusion that
the vacancy must begin to exist during the
recess of the Senate in order to authorize the
President to issue a commission. In reply to
the question of inconvenience which was put.
oy the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doo-
i.tttle,] the committee show that there is no
force in that, because the same inconvenience
arises* now, when the Senate is in session.
Nobody will pretend that the President can
issue a commission to fill an office while the
Senate is in session. Suppose that the post-
master in the city of Washington dies to-day,
does anybody pretend to say that the Presi-
dent can issue a commission to a man to fill
his place to-morrow?
Mr. COWAN. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand the
Senator from Pennsylvania to say that he can
do that "when we are in session?
Mr. COWAN. Yes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, sir, I undertake
to say that there is not an instance in the his-
tory of the Government where ever an attempt
was made to do it. Nobody ever pretended
that it could be done, and there is not an
instance of its having been done in the history
of the Government. I venture to say that
where a death occurs while the Senate is in
session the office cannot be filled in any way
until the President nominates to this body and
we advise and consent to the nomination. I
undertake to say it has never been done, and
no President has ever attempted to do it.
Mr. COWAN. What is to become of the
office in the mean time?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The office is vacant
nntil the President nominates, and by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate appoints,
some one to fill it. There is no pretense of
any authority in the Constitution for the Pres-
ident to appoint a man to an office while the
Senate is in session ; that is, to an office that
requires the advice and consent of the Senate;
I am not speaking of inferior officers whom the
law has authorized the President to appoint
without the advice and consent of (.lie Senate.
There is no pretense that he can do it, and
during the nine months we are in session if a
judge of a court, if a postmaster, if a receiver
&f public lands, if any officer dies or resigns
the office i- necessarily vacant until by the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate some person is
appointed to fill that place.
Mr. HENDRICKS. For my personal sat-
isfaction I v.-isb to ask the Senator if we have
got to stay here nine months this session. There
is an anxious inquiry about the time when we
are likely to adjourn. The Senator suggests
nine months, and I want to know if that is the
time we are to stay here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have sometimes
staid here nine monrhs. I wa3 speaking of
a hypothetical case: I supposed an instance of
the postmaster in Washington dying. I hope
lie is to live many years, and I hope that we
may have no occasion to confirm anybody to
fill tfie office in consequence of his death,
either during this or any subsequent session as
long as the Senator from Indiana and myself
may be here. I spoke of what would have to
be done in consequence of his decease. But
the Senator is well aware that sessions of Con-
gress do sometimes last nine months. The first
session of Congress in which I had the honor
to serve did not adjourn, I think, until Sep-
tember, and we had met in the December pre-
vious.
Mr. HENDERSON. With the Senator's
permission I will state that his whole argu-
ment. although of course it is in support of
the proposition, goes much further than I pre-
tend to go. I may concur with him in many
of the positions taken by him, but Ihavedrawn
the amendment villi a view to the opinions of
the Attorneys Geneial, taking it for granted
that til'-V w.-p- the law. I concur with him in
many of the point- made rather than with the
Attorneys General, but ho is mistaken when
he supposes that no opinion has ever been given
to the point that where the President fills a
vacancy during the recess of the Senate and
the Senate adjourns without having acted upon
it the President cannot thereafter fill it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say that.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then 1 misunderstood
the Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I said that while the
Senate was in session if a vacancy occurred it
had never been jiretended that the President
could fill by appointment that vacancy without
the advice and consent of the Senate while we
were in session.
Mr. COWAN. Even temporarily?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Even temporarily; and
I instanced a ease. Suppose to-day that the
postmaster in Washington city were to die; I
undertook to say that the President would have
no authority temporarily to appoint a successor
without the advice and consent of the Senate
while we are here, and nobody ever contended
that he would.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am not aware of any
opinion on that point, and I agree with the
Senator in regard to it as a question of law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Constitution is very
clear. The President has no authority to All-
an office that becomes vacant during the session
of the Senate. It is only when the vacancy hap-
pens during the recess that he can give a tem-
porary commission; and if you construe those
words, as the Attorneys General have done, to
mean a vacancy existing during the recess,
you cannot by possibility extend them, as I
say, by any legitimate construction, to a vacancy
which occurs while the Senate is in session;
and hence we have provided in our laws for
cases of this kind, by providing that the chief
clerk, or some designated officer, shall take
charge of the papers, and perform the duties
until an appointment is made. That is some-
times done when a vacancy happens during the
recess. I think the collector in the city of
New York died during the recess of Congress,
and by a provision of our law some person in
that office—I think without appointment, but I
am not sure as to that, point; an appointment
may have been made there—took charge of
the office for the time being. There is a case
of the same kind in the city of Chicago. Mr.
Haven, the collector of that port, died since
I Congress assembled. One of the officers under
him as cashier or chief clerk 
Mr. COWAN. Usually the surveyor of the
port.
Mi-. TRUMBULL. I think not the surveyor
of the port, but some person connected with
the office has been discharging the duties for
several weeks. That is a provision to guard
against this very difficulty, but the President
has r.ot appointed that person collector, nor
issued any commission to him.
Mr. MORGAN. He did in the case in New
York.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. King died during
the recess, and the President had authority to
appoint in that case. This, then, I think is a
perfect answer to the suggestion made by the
Senator from Wisconsin. He supposed the case
of an officer d3'ing on the last day of the ses-
sion of the Senate, and, before we had any
information of it, the Senate adjonrne'd: and
then, said he, the President, according to this
construction, could not fill that place. 1 answer
to that, if on the first Monday of December.
I when we meet here, an officer dies, the Presi-
! dent cannot fill that place without our advice
i and consent until we adjourn, and Isavheean-
j not do it then. I say the vacancy happened
j during the session of the Senate, and not during
: its recess, and lie can never fill it except by the
| advice and consent of the Senate.
! I did not mean to take up so much time in
■ arguing this proposition. I am aware that it
! goes further than the Senator from Missouri
'■ has provided, and I am for going further if it
is necessary ; I am for providing that no man
shall receive compensation in any shape or
■ form out of the money of the people for exer-
cising the duties of an office to which he has
no constitutional right.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President. I did not
intend to say aword in this discussion, and if I
had not spoken out of meeting I should not bo
called upon to do so. I did remark, intruding
it as a side remark to the Senator from Illi-
nois, that I held that if the^ vacancy which
existed in the representation from Now Jersey
was not occasioned by the displacement of Mr.
Stockton, it might be filled by the Governor
of New Jersey. I am not called upon to defend
that proposition, not having very well consid-
ered it. The Senator, however, quoted ine as
making the statement, and I will say now that
I do Hold that the vacancy which exists in the
representation of the State of New Jersey here
is a vacancy which happened, not in conse-
quence of the vote of the Senate upon the right
of Mr. Stockton, but happened by the expira-
tion of the term of service of Mr. Ten Eyck,
the last Senator chosen by the Legislature of
that State to sit in this body. How the fact is
—whether that term expired during the recess
of her Legislature, or during the term of the
sitting of the Legislature—I do not. know. I
supposed it happened during the sitting of the
Legislature, and therefore was a vacancy to
be filled by the Legislature, and not by the
appointment of the Governor; but if it hap-
pened during the recess of the Legislature, I
think it is a vacancy to be filled by the Gov-
ernor, and that his authority to fill it is not
abrogated by the fact that a session of tlio
Legislature has intervened, inasmuch as that
Legislature did not fill the vacancy. I haye
not examined the question at any length, and
therefore am not prepared to argue it.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate, and of my friend from Wis-
consin, to the case of Mr. Phelps, a Senator
from Vermont in 1853. A vacancy in the rep-
resentation from Vermont occurred by the death
of Mr. Upham. Mr. Phelps was appointed by
the Governor to fill the vacancy; and the Legis-
lature at its next session, on apolitical contest,
failed to agree upon any person to fill the unex-
pired term. Mr. Phelps again took his seat in
the Senate in the December following—Decem-
ber, 1853—and the question arose as to whether
the appointment of the Governor had expired,
or whether the Governor had further power,
and it was decided after full debate and not
upon political grounds, as the Senate was divided
irrespective of politics upon the question, by a
vote of 2(3 to 12, that Mr. Phelps was not en-
titled, underthe appointment of the Governor,
to sit. I believe that lias been followed since.
Mr. HOWE. I was not aware of any decis-
ion on the point. The opinion which I sub-
mitted to the Senator from Illinois was an off-
hand opinion. The language of the Constitu-
tion is that " if vacancies happen by resignation
or otherwise, during the recess of the Legisla-
ture of any State,'' which I understand was the
case in Vermont in the instance alluded to,
"the Executive thereof may make temporary
appointments until the next meeting of the
Legislature, which shall then fill such vacan-
cies." I suppose the decision alluded to by the
Senator from Vermont turned upon the force
of this last clause of the section ; and it may
be correct. My own opinion was that if it was a
vacancy that happened in any way during the
recess of the Legislature, is was a vacancy to
be filled by the Executive, and to be kept filled
by the Executive until the Legislature shall
have discharged the duty imposed upon it here.
If the decision of the Senate has been to the
contrary, I am rather inclined to believe that
the decision of the Senate will stand, and that
my own opinion will be overruled.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to say one word
upon the pending question which I should not
have said had [ not taken the floor to explain
myself. Touching the constitutional question
which is argued hero as if it were involved in
the pending amendment, I have to say, in the
first place, that it does not seem to me that
there is auv sucli constitutional question in-
volved; imt'if it be, then I hold that under the
first clause of this portion of the Constitution
which has been referred to, the Senate is made
by the Constitution a constituent portion of the
