90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
would willingly pay for it if it was furnished to t
them at cost, and I think it is time we should !
begin to retrench and begin to retrench here,
because if we do not, in my judgment, we shall t
be obliged to do it at a time when it may be
much more unpleasant than at present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the dearth of busi-
ness, I suppose we may discuss a question of
this sort a little as well as any other. I re-
member very well the history of all this matter.
As I have been here a good many years this
subject has become quite familiar to me. When
I came here the Senate was in the habit, when-
ever an individual member, of the body died
while a member, of publishing, in the form of
a book, the obituary addresses delivered on the
occasion. I do not know with whom the prac-
tice began, but my impression is that it began
with Mr. Clay, though it might have been be-
fore. The books were got up in handsome style
and large numbers were distributed. It began
with, the idea that it would be well to publish
in this form obituary notices of very eminent
gentlemen whose fame filled the country and
the world, but it soon got to be a practice, when-
ever a member of the body died, to get up a
book on the occasion. This came to be con-
sidered^ unnecessary, and at last it created a
discussion. I remember taking part in that
discussion myself, and very strenuously and de-
cidedly opposing such publications. The result
was that the Senate rel'used to publish such ad-
dresses in certain cases, and this refusal was
adhered to in several instances. I understand,
however, that recently such publications have
been made, and they may have passed even
within my observation, for the Senate will reflect
that a man at last gets tired of lighting these
things time af'rer time: they are regularly
brought up again and again, and at last per-
severance accomplishes the purpose, and the
publication is made.
I do not rise now for the sake of opposing or
supporting the proposed publication, because
while my general opinion lias been against them
•all,think if there ever was a case in which the
individual deserved that honors should be paid
to his memory, such as have been paid even to '
the most eminent and the most distinguished,
those honors are due to the memory of our late
colleague, .Judge Collamer. So feeling, I am
not disposed to interpose any objection of my
own anew in this individual case, while 1 retain
all my oiiginal opinions as to the practice..
A word now, sir, in regard to the remarks of
the Senator fiom Pennsjivania. [Mr. 0owa>.\]
He is comparatively a young Senator; and if
he would onlj compare our publications now
with those of eight or ten years ago, he would
be astonished to find how much we have im-
proved in that particular. It used to be the
habit to publish (judging by space) almost
acres ot large books, adorned with engravings
of all sorts and descriptions. That has been
put an end to ; the Senate has refused of late to
have anything to do with publications of that
kind. At the present time, I believe, we pub-
lish v< r;. lew book's and those only the Presi-
dent menage ami aeconipam'ing documents,
the Globe, the Agricultural Jfcpoit, the 'JVeus-
urv Report, and a few others of that description
which must be published, and which the com-
munity desire to see; and an effort lias been
made to reduce the expenses even of publish-
ing the menage and documents by printing a
comparatively small number of the entire doc-
uments, and furnishing abstrac;, instead of the
complete volumes which wete formei ly printed.
t'here haj- been a very great improvement in
tnis particular: I hope to see more ; but 1 can-
not agree with the Senator that nine tenths of
all we publish h ut'eily useless. There may bo
some ot the matter published that might be dis-
pensed with and the expense of which mi "lit be
spared ; but. as a general rule, I thi k the Sen-
ate and the House of liepresentativcs have now
got to a very reasonable state of miml'm refer-
ence to publications, and I hope it will continue.
As to tluM' publications being electioneering
documents, I hare nothing to say. I have never
so used them. 11 the Senator has derived any
benefit from using them in that way, he proba-
bly speaks from his own experience. I hope
the remark will not bo applied to me.
Mr. COWAK. Of course I cannot tell what
my honorable friend from Maine does with his
public d ocum ents. I know very well what I do
with mine. I believe I have never kept a list
of friends and retainers, a's is very common, to
whom to send documents. I send them to the
persons who write to me desiring to have them;
but I have to say with regard to a great many
documents which are published, oven Patent
Office Reports, and Reports on the Commercial
Relations of the Country, that so far as I am able
to understand the feeling of the people in regard
to them, they consider them merely waste paper.
If there has been an improvement recently in
this matter of publishing books, I have only to
say that I do not think they have improved the
books, because anciently when scientific works
and works upon explorations were published
the books wore valuable, and valuable to the
community geneially, but those that are now
lumbering every shelf almost in the country are
seldom ever opened and looked at.
I have not yet heard what is the argument in
favor of publishing this book; nor do I see any
necessity for it, because I have no doubt that
all the fine things that were said on the occa-
sion referred to have been in the newspapers
ail over the country; and what the book can
be supposed to achieve in the way of enlighten-
ing the public I am not able to see. It will cost
a certain sum of money, and the public will
have to pay it, and one out of every ten thou-
sand of them, perhaps, may get a book—no. not
one out of every ten thousand. Taxes are lev-
ied upon the people equally, and yet who gets
the books? Even the books that are necessary
to be published are not distributed among the
people equally; they are given to the favorites
of those members who have the distribution of
thorn in their hands; and I think that if there
has been reform heretofore it would be well
that there should be a good deal more, and the
country will be the better for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Since calling attention
to the resolution under consideration, I have
referred to the Senate Journal, and 1 find that
at the last session of Congiess two thousand
copies of the obituary addresses delivered on
the occiit-ion of the death of 'Thomas Ilolliday
Hicks were ordered to be printed by the Sen-
ate; and the tormer precedent in printing these
addresses having been departed from, 1 tliink
thero are none more deserving to be preserved
in pamphlet form than those delivered on the
occasion of the death op our late friend, and I
myself shall interpose no objection to the pas-
sage of the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
ADJOUllXJIENT TOn THE HOLIDAYS,
Mr. CRESrt ELL. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the coiiMdc'3'ation of tin; resolution from
the House of Representatives with tegard to the
adjournment over the holidays. 1 do so with
a view to moving that the Senate recede from
its amendments, and I propose afterward to
make a motion that the Senate adopt the ori-
ginal resolu tion ot the House ot Representatives
a.; it came from that House.
The rnofion to lake up the subject was agreed
to, and the message fiom the liouso was read:
In tiil IIoustj of Ri:prese.\-tatiyj:s,
D'-rr^hrrM), ]«H5.
liptolrcrl, That the House non-concur in the Somite'*
anienthmmts to the iihovercsolution, arid a>k a confer-
ence with the SriMte un the disagreeing votes of the
two Ifomo-' thereon. |
Ordrrtly Thar Uliiiu lb V/asiipxr-e of Eli- :
nois, J. F. "Wilson of L>wa, ;uid fi. K. V. Witianr oi" ,
Is ow J iTf 03, )>o the maiidoCid oi the confcrcnce oil the !
part of tins ILeusc. jj
Mr. C'RKSV, ELL. I move that the Senate j
recede from all its amendments to the original jj
resolution. . 11
Messrs. FESSEXDEX and CLARK called ji
for the yeas and nays on that motion, and they e
were ordered. " j'
Air. Ji E.% DRfCKS. Is if in order to move, !;
instead ol tbe motion made by lie1 Senator from
Maryland, that the Senate concur in the re- ji
quest of the House for a committee of confer-
ThePRESIDENT^ro tempore. The motion
to recede is first in order, and takes precedcnce
of the other motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resultod—yeas 19, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Cragin, Crcswell, Grimes,
Harris, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, MeDou-
gall, ft orton, Hye, Poland, Ramsey, Kiddle, Stewart,
Stockton, Sumner, Van Winkle, and Wilson—19.
KAYS —Messrs. Anthony, liuekalow. Chandler,
Clark, Conness, l)avis, Dixon, Fessendcn, Foot, Pos-
ter, Guthrie, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Lane of
Indiana, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Pomcroy.PnuIs-
bury. Sherman,-Spraguo, Trumbull, ATadc, Willey,
and Williams—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Doolittle, Wright, and
Y ates—4.
So the Senate refused to recede from its
amendments.
_ Mr. FOOT. I now move that the Senate in-
sist upon its amendments, and agree to the con-
ference asked by the House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. How shall
the committee be appointed?
Mr. FOOT. By the Chair.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent, and
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore appointed Mr.
Trumbull, Mr. Clakk, and Mr. Buckalew the
committee on the part of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBU LL, from the committee of con-
ference, subsequently submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the resolution " tliutwlien
Lie Houses of Congress adjourn on Wednesday the
20th instant, they adjourn to meet on Tuesday the
0th of January," bavin? met, alter full and tree con-
ference do recommend to their respective Houses the
following as a substitute for the resolution:
llcwlved by the Hou^eof Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That when the two Houses oi Congress
adjourn on Thursday the 211 instant, they adjourn
to meet on Friday, January 5, ISGO.
EUIIU li. WASHBUUKE,
JAMES E. WILSON,
Managers on the part etf the House.
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
DANIEL CLAltK,
C. li. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was adopted, and a message from
the House of Representatives, by Mr. MePiinrt-
so\, its Clerk, afterward announced that the
House had agreed to the report.
rRINTING OF A IjTLTJ.
On motion of Mr. CONNE5S, it was
Ord'-rcdy That the hill (iS. No. 47) to amend an act
supplementary to the act approved July 1, for
tne disposal oi coal lands and of town propcity in the
puohe domain be printed.
MESSAGE PUOM THE IIOUflE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. AIcPiieksox, ils Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (PI. R. No. 58} authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to appoint assistant assess-
ors of internal revenue; and
A bill (II. R. No. <>1) to establish certain
post roads.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the joint
resolution of the Senate (S. K. No. 0) aufhor-
izing the President to divert certain fund* here-
tofore appropriated, and cause the same to be
used for immediate subsistence, clothing, &c.7
for destitute Indians and .Indian tribes.
PROTECTION OP J'lir.EDMGX.
On motion of Mr. "WILSON, the Senate, as
in Committee of the "Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill fS. No. 0) to maintain
the freedom of the inhabitants in the States
declared in insurrection and rebellion by the
proclamation of the President of the 1st of
July, 3 802.
Mr. SHMNER. "When I think of what oc-
curred yesterday in this Chamber; when I call
to inhid the altempt to whitewash the unhappy
condition of the rebel £tat"S. and to throw (he
mantle of official oblivion o\ <-r sickening and
heart-rending outrages, where Human Rights are
