1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3075
concurring in the residue of the amendments
made in Committee of the Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Vermont striking
out the sixteenth and seventeenth sections of
the bill and inserting a substitute, and as an
amendment to that amendment the Senator
from Oregon proposes to strike out "$700"
and to insert "§1,000" as the salary of the
local inspector at Portland, Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not wish to appear
pertinacious about this_ matter; but it has oc-
curred to my mind that in preparing his amend-
ments, the Senator did not take into consider-
ation the circumstances under which the local
inspectors at Portland, in Oregon, are com-
pelled to act. At points upon the Mississippi
and Ohio rivers, at Wheeling, for instance, I
suppose the local inspector can perform his
duties at that place; but the inspector at Port-
land, in Oregon, inspects some of the steam-
boats at that city. Then there are the falls of
the Willamette, in the Willamette river, that
cannot be passed by steamboats, and steam-
boats are constructed above those falls, and it
is necessary for the local inspector to go there
and make his inspection. Then there are steam-
boats on the Columbia river below the cascades.
Those are to be inspected at Portland. Then
there is another portion of the river between
the cascades and the Dalles where other steam-
boats for the navigation of the Columbia are con-
structed, and the inspector must go there to
examine those steamboats. Then above the
Dalles, there is another part of the Columbia
river, where boats are constructed, and the
inspector living at Portland is compelled to go
above the Dalles for the purpose of inspecting
those steamboats; and so upon the Snake river
and the other branches of the Columbia river.
There are two or three portages upon the Colum-
bia river, and upon the branches of the river
there are portages, and materials are taken up
from Portland to the portions of the river above
these portages, and there the boats are con-
structed, and it is necessary for the inspectors to
go there in order to inspect those boats; so that an,
inspector at Portland, in Oregon, has very much
more labor and must necessarily incur much
more expense than an inspector living at the
city of Wheeling, on the Ohio river, who, as I
understand, is not compelled to travel any great
distance for the purpose of discharging his du-
ties. I am not,' however, particularly advised
on that subject; but I know that in Oregon the
local inspectors are compelled to travel two or
three hundred miles or more for the purpose
of performing their duties. In addition to the
. other reasons that I assigned before, I think
these are sufficient to induce the adoption of
the amendment that I have proposed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There would be some
force in what my friend from Oregon says as
to the paripatetic duties of the inspector at
Portland were it not for the fact that all the
official expenses of these inspecting gentlemen
are paid by the Governmct—office rent, print-
ing, stationery—everything of that multitudi-
nous number of matters which always get into
not only steamboat inspector's bills, but every
other public officer's bills and traveling ex-
penses, whatever they may be. They make
up their accounts and take those items out of
the fees which are paid to them by the steam-
boat owners and remit the balance, if fortu-
nately there happens to be a balance, to the
Government. Now, it may take two or three
days more time, possibly, to make this journey
than if they were all to bo inspected at one
place, but the increase is so small, and the salary
at present is so large in proportion to the whole
amount of time required, that with all respect,
.to my friend's observations I think we should
be doing injustice to the other inspectors and
to the Treasury to agree to his amendment.
The amendment to the amendment "was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have been written
to from St. Louis by some persons there in
regard to this bill. Various objections have
been'made to it, and I really have not had time
to examine the bill as I should wish to do, and
I do not desire that it shall pass without pre-
senting, at least, someobjectionstoitthathave
been urged in several letters that I have received,
because they come from men who are perfectly
conversant with matters of this character, and
understand perfectly what they talk about. I
desire a little while to examine the bill. 1 have
permitted it to come to this point, and I now
move to take up Senate bill No. 285.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator will
allow me to call up a bill which I do not think
will occupy any time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It being suggested by my
friend the Senator from Missouri that there are
points of objections which have been stated to
him, I will move that the further consideration
of the bill before the Senate be postponed until
to-morrow at one o'clock, and be made the
special order at that hour. I make this motion
because some parts of the bill, respecting the
transportation of petroleum, it is extremely
important should be passed, inasmuch as by
the present law and the regulations under the
law lately put in force, the owners of petroleum
and the steamers engaged in that trade cannot
carry it at all, and therefore it is important that
the bill should be acted upon speedily. I move,
•therefore, that it be made the special order for
to-morrow at one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Missouri withdraw his motion?
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to that course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Missouri is withdrawn,
and the question is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The chairman of the
Committee on Finance gave notice this morn-
ing that he intended to call up the legislative
appropriation bill to-morrow. However, as he
is present, I do not wish to interfere in the
matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
The motion was agreed to.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT.pro tempore laid'beforo
the Senate a communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of the
Gth instant, a copy of the report of the Board
of Visitors of the United States Naval Acad-
emy for the year 1800.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that that communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs and be printed, and that five thousand
extra copies be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The com-
munication will be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs. The motion to
print extra copies will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mississippi itivun levees.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Clark, Mr. Chandler, Mr. Cowan, Mr.
Henderson, and Mr. Johnson a select com-
mittee on the subject of extending aid for the
reconstruction of levees on the Mississippi
river, in pursuance of the order of the Senate
of Friday last.
Mr. CRESWELL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent and agreed to :
llaulvcd, Thut the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, directed to lurmsh tlie Senate a copy of a
rccont report made to the War Department by Gen-
eral Humphrevs, of the Topographical corps, oil tho
levees of the Mississippi river, and all other infor-
mation, if any, in possession of his Xlupartmenfc in
rotation to said levees1.
APPROVAL OF A BILL.
A message from the President of tho Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 8th instant, an act (S. No. 237)
granting a pension to Mrs. Martha Stevens.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills and joint resolutions, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 060) for the relief of Cap-
tain James Starkey;
A bill (II. R. No. GG1) changing the name
of Emil Cohen;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 123) for the
relief of Elizabeth Woodward and George
Chorpenning, of Pennsylvania;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) for the
relief of certain settlers on the Sioux reserva-
tion, in the State of Minnesota;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 150) to pro-
vide for payment of tho claim of Colonel Ii.
C. De Alma for military services ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 151) author-
izing the purchase of Dugan's work on Infantry
Tactics; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 152) relative
to certain guns captured in the late war.
The message further announced that tho
House of Representatives had passed, without
amendment, a joint resolution (S. R. No. 09)
making an appropriation to enable tho Presi-
dent to negotiate treaties with certain Indian
tribes.
enrolled bills siu.n'ud.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills ; which were
thereupon signed by the Prosidentpi-o tempore:
A bill (S. No. 110) to grant tho right of way
to the Humboldt Canal Company through tho
public lands of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 172) to confirm^ the title of
Josi1 Serafin Ramirez to claims in New Mexico ;
A bill (S. No. 189) to confirm the grant of
certain lands to Jos6 Dominguez, in California;
A bill (S. No. 201) for the relief of Mrs.
Anna G. Gaston;
A bill (S. No. 321) for tho relief of Maria
Syphax; and
A bill (II. R. No. 25.3) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the year ending June 30, 1807.
national telegraph company.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to t^ke up
and 1 desire to dispose of Senate bill No. 357.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 357) to aid in the construction of telegraph
lines, and secure to the Government tho use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to grant to the National Telegraph Com-
pany, a corporation organized under tho laws
of the State of New York, April 10, 1800, the
right to construct, maintain, and operate lines
of telegraph through and over any portion of
the public domain of the United States, over
and along any of the military or post roads of
the United States which have beeu or may
hereafter be declared such by act of Congress,
and over, under, or across the navigable streams
or waters of the United States; but such lines
of telegraph are to be so constructed and main-
tained as not to obstruct the navigation of such
streams and waters, or interfere with the ordi-
nary travel on such military or post roads.
The corporation is to have the right to take
and use from the public domain the necessary
stone, timber, and other materials for its posts,
piers,'stations, and other needful uses in the
construction, maintenance, and operation of
these lines of telegraph, and may preempt and
ttso such portion of the unoccupied public do-
main through which its lines of telegraph may
be located as may be necessary for its stations,
