1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
sacrificed and rebel Barbarism receives a new
letter of license, I feel that 1 ought to speak of
nothing else. I stood here years ago, in the
days of Kansas, when a small community was
surrendered to the machinations of slave-mas-
ters. I now stand here again, when, alas I an
immense region, with millions of people, has
been surrendered to the machinations of slave-
masters. Sir, it is the duty of Congress to arrest
this fatal fury. Congress must dare to be brave;
it must dare to be just. But I shall not be di-
verted from the question before the Senate,
although, in unfolding the necessity of present
legislation for the protection of the freedmen,
I shall be led necessarily and logically to speak
of the condition of the rebel States.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that, the question before the Senate
is on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Cowan] to refer this bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and by the rule of
the Senate, a motion of that sort does not open
the general merits of the question.
Mr. SUMNER. I have always understood
in this body that on a general question of refer-
ence the whole subject was open. If the ques-
tion is put as between two committees, then I •
certainly accept the decision of the Chair ; but
if the question bo one of general reference, I
submit that the whole subject is open.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary, which is a motion
concerning the order of business. That mo-
tion, as the Chair understands the rules, does
not open the general merits of the question,
but remarks upon that question should be eon-
fined to the reasons why it should or should not
be referred to the particular committee named.
ilr. TRUMBULL. 1 move that the Senator
from Massachusetts be permitted to proceed in
his own way on this subject. There is nothing
pressing upon the Senate to-day.
i 'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not interrupt the Senator except to state
what the question was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope there will bo no
objection to his proceeding.
Mr. SUMNER. I come, then, to the precise
question.
All must admit that the bill of my colleague
is excellent in purpose. It proposes nothing
less than to establish Equality beforethe Law,
at least so far as civil rights are concerned, in
the rebel States. This is done simply to carry
out and maintain the Proclamation of Eman-
cipation, by which-this Republic is solemnly
pledged to muiiitahi the emancipated slave in
his freedom. Such is our pledge : "and the
Executive (tovcinmcut of the United States,
including the military and naval authority there-
of, will recognize and maintain the freedom of
sveh persons.'' This pledge is without any lim-
itation in space or time, it is as extended and
as immortal as the Republic itself. Does any-
body call it vain words? I trust not. To that
pledge we are solemnly bound. Wherever our
iiag floats as long as time endures we must
see that it is sacredly observed.
, But the performance of that pledge cannot
be intrusted to another; least, of all, can it be
intrusted to the old slave-masters, embittered
against their slaves. It must bo performed by
the national Government. The power that gave
freedom must see that this freedom is main-
tained. This is according to reason. It is also
according to the examples of history. In the
British Vest Indies we tind this teaching. Three
of England's greatest orators and statesmen,
Burke, Canning, and Brougham, at successive
periods united in declaring, from the experience
in the British West Indies, that whatever the
slave-masters undertook to do for their slaves
was always '1 arrant trifling,'' and that, whatever
might be its plausible form, it always wanted
"the executive principle/' More recently the
Emperor of Russia, when ordering Emancipa-
tion, declared that all efforts of his predecessors
in this direction had failed because they had
been left to "the spontaneous initiative of the
proprietors." I might say much more on this
head, but this is enough. I assume that no such
blunder will be made on our part; that we shall
not leave to the old proprietors the maintenance
of that freedom to .which we are pledged, and
thus break our own promises and sacrifice a
race.
I have already alluded to Emancipation in
Russia. But this example is worthy our deepest
study, unless we purposely reject history. All
know that in 1801 the Emperor, by solemn Proc-
lamation, gave freedom to upward of twenty-
three million serfs; but it is not generally known
by what supplementary provisions this freedom
was secured.
I have in my hands an official copy of this
great act, published at St. Petersburg, by which
it is declared that the serfs, after an interval of
two years, are " entirely enfranchised." Under
this Proclamation, a new set of local magistrates
was constituted, with 1' special court'' and ''jus-
tices of the peace" in each district, to superin-
tend the working of the Proclamation and to
examine on the spot all questions arising from
Emancipation. This provision was not unlike
our Bureau of Freedmen, which is thus vindi-
cated by this example.
But the good work did not stop here. The
Emperor did not leave the freedmen without
protection, handed over to the tender mercies
of their former owners. By a careful series of
"regulations" accompanying the Proclamation-,
prepared with infinite care, and divided into
chapters and sections, the rights of the freed-
men are secured beyond question. I hold a
copy of this remarkable document in my hand.
Here it is, a model for our imitation.
These "regulations" begin with the formal
declaration that the freedmen, by the act of
Emancipation, " acquire the rights belonging to
free farmers." The language is general. It is
'' the rights of free farmers,'' not in certain
particulars, but in all particulars ; not merely
in exemption from the authority of their mas-
ters, but in complete enfranchisement. Surely
here is an example for us.
The "regulations" then proceed in formal
words to fix and assure these rights civil and
political. These rights are not left to inference
or to future discussion ; but they are positively
declared with all possible detail.
By one section the frcedman is secured in all
his rights of family and rights of contract, as
follows:
" The articles of the Civil Code on the rights and
obligations of tbe family aro extended to the freed-
men ; consequently thcyacquiretlioright,withoutthe
authorization of the proprietor, to contract marriage,
and to nuiko any arrangement whatever concerning
their family affairs; they can equally enter into all
agreements and obligations nuthoi-izod hy the laws,
as well with the State as with individuals, on the con-
ditions established for tree farmers; theyean inscribe
themselves in the guilds, and exercise their trades in
the villages; and tiiev can found anel conduct facto-
ries and establishments of commcrce."
Surely here is an example for us.
By another section the freedman is secured in
rights of property. He may acquire and alien-
ate property of all kinds, according to the gen-
eral law; and, besides, "the possession of the
homestead" on which ho haslived is guarantied
to him on certain conditions. "Surely here is
an example for us.
By another section the freedman is secured
complete J-Jquulily in Ihe courts, as follows:
" He shall have the right of action whether civilly
or criminally, to commcncc process, anel to answer
pcisonally or by attorney; to make complaint, and
to defend"his rights by all the means known to the
law, and to appear as witness and as bail conformably
to the common laic."
Mark these words. lie maj appear " as
witness and as bail." Surely here is an ex-
ample for us.
By other sections ihe freedman is secured
Equality in political rights, according to the
measure of such rights in Russia, thus :
" On the organization of the towns, he shall be en-
titled to take part in the meetings and elections for
the towns, and to vote on town affairs, and to exer-
ciso divers functions; and he shall also take part in
the assemblies for the district, and shall vote on dis-
trict affairs, and choose the chairman."
Prom all the provisions on this head, it ap-
pears that the freedman enjoys rights to choose
the local officers, and to be chosen .in turn.-
Surely here is an example for us.
By still another section the freedman is se-
cured Equality at schools and in Education;
thus:
" He may place his children in the establishments
for public education, to embrace the career of in-
struction, or the sci entitle career, or to take service
in the corps o£surveyors."
Surely here again is an example for us.
Then, again, for the general protection of tie
freedman it is provided that he "cannot lose
his rights or bo restrained in their exercise,
except after the judgment of the town accord-
ing to fixed rules;" and still further, that he
"cannot be subjected to any punishment,
otherwise than by notice of a judgment, or
according to the legal decision of the town to
which he belongs." Surely here again is an
example to us.
Thus does Russia by careful provisions, sup-
plementary to the act of Emancipation, secure
her freedmen in all their rights; first, in the
right of family and the right of contract; sec-
ondly, in the right of property, including a home-
stead; thirdly, in complete Equality in thecourts;
fourthly, in Equality in political rights ; fifthly,
in Equality at schools and in Education; and,
finally, all these safeguards are crowned by de-
claring that they cannot lose their rights or be
punished except after judgment according1 to
fixed rules; thus completely fulfilling that re-
quirement of our fathers, that "government
should be a government of laws and not of men."
I trust that this example is none the loss wor-
thy of imitation because it is that of an empire,
which is not supposed I o sympathize with liberal
ideas. Surely a republic cannot in this respoct
lag bell in el an empire. Besides, all that we hoar
shows that the experiment has been successful.
Clearly an experiment inspired so completely
by the spirit of justice cannot, fail.
'My colleague is clearly right in introducing li is
bill and pressing it to a vole. The argument
for it is irresistible. It is essential to complete
Emancipation. Without it Emancipation will
be only half done. It is our duty to see that it
is wholly done. Slavery must be abolished
not in form only, but in substance, so that there
shall be no Black Code; but all shall be Equal
before the Law.
As to the power of Congress over this ques-
tion I cannot doubt it. My colleague'assumes
the power without professing to trace it to any
particular source. It may be a military power
precisely as tlio Proclamation of Emancipation,
and here the authority is as clear and absolute
as in the District of Columbia, or it may be in
pursuance of the Constitutional Amendment,
which provides that Congress may "enforce the
amendment by appropriate legislation;" or it
may be to carry out the guarantee of a repub-
lican form of government.
There aro measures of my own. already in-
troduced by me, now on your table, looking to
the same result as the pending bill, which pro-
ceed specifically on the two latter grounds.
One of these is entitled "A bill supplying
appropriate legislation to enforce the amend-
ment of the Constitution." - Prom this bill I
read two sections:
Sec. 3. And hp it further enacted, That in further
enforcement of the provision of the Constltution pro-
hibiting slavery, and in order to remove all relics of
this wrong from the Rates where this constitutional
prohibition takes effect, it is herebydeclarcd that all
laws or customs in such States establishing any oli-
garchical privileges and any distinction of rights on
account of color or race are hereby annulleet, and
all persons in such States aro recognized as equalbe-
forcthelaw; and the penalties provided 111 the last
section are hereby made applicable to any violation
of this pjo"\i&ion, which is mad,c in pursuance of the
Constitution of the United States.
Si:c. 4. And be it further enacted, That in further
enforcement of the provision of the Constitution
aforcsaiel, the courts of the Unitcei States in the States
aforesaid shall have exclusive jurisdiction of all of-
fenses committed hy persons not of African descent
upon persons of African descent; also of all offenses
committed by persons of Afrie-an elescent; anel also
of all causes, suits, and demands to which any person
of African descent shall be a party: and it is hereby
eicclared that all such cases are to be treated as cases
arising under the Constitution of the United States.
This bill, of course, proceeds on the idea that
the amendment is now a part of the Constitution
