1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2115
appointing power. The language is, speaking
of the President, that—
" He shall nominate, and by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate sha.ll appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of the
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointments are not herein otherwise
provided for, and which shall be established by
law."
He shall nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate shall ap-
point, all these officers. I cannot have a
doubt but what the framers of this article, the
men who employed this language, meant to say
to the President not merely that he shall pre-
sent a man to the Senate for an office, but that
he shall nominate a man who shall be approved
by the Senate, and with the approval of the
Senate shall appoint the men to fill these
offices. In my judgment, the President does
not discharge the duty which this clause of the
section devolves upon him when he has simply
sent a name to the Senate. His duty is dis-
charged only when he shall have obtained the
consent of the Semite to the nominee whose
name he shall have sent in.
I know there have been industrious efforts
made for very many years during our history
to persuade the country that here was a prerog-
ative vested in the President of the United
Slates which made him really the appoint-
ing power, and which subjected every officer
in the United States to his control. Such may
be the effect of the interpretation placed upon
this clause of the Constitution by the Attorney
General from whose opinion the Senator from
Maryland has read. 1 am inclined to think
that is the effect which would follow if that
interpretation were correct. That it is not
correct seems manifest from the plainest and
most natural interpretation of the words em-
ployed. But inasmuch as a vacancy may hap-
pen when there is no Senate in being to give
its assent, there is another provision incorpo-
rated into the Constitution, and that provision,
I_think, authorizes the President to commis-
sion and thereby to fdl up a vacancy which
happens during the recess of the Senate, which
happens at a time when there is no Senate in
being to give its assent to a nomination. What
is the tenure of the commission granted by the
President under these circumstances? The
language of the Constitution is that it shall
expire at the end of the next session of the
Senate. If there had not been any usage to
the contrary, which 1 believe there has been, I
should have supposed that a commission gran led
under these circumstances did confer an office
upon the holder of the commission until the
expiration of the next session of the Senate,
and that any appointment made during the
next session of the Senate by a nomination of
the President would take effect from and after
the expiration of the session of the Senate. If
there had not been a usage to the contrary, I
should have supposed that was the true inter-
pretation of this clause, but I believe the usage
is that this commission, which is granted to an
officer in order to fill a vacancy happening
during the recess of the Senate, is vacated the
moment another individual or that same indi-
vidual is nominated to the Senate and is eon-
firmed by the Senate.
But, Mr. President, whatever may be the
true interpretation of these clauses in the Con-
stitution, whether they give to the President
the right to dispense with the authority of the
Senate altogether or not in making appoint-
ments, I take it there can be no manner of
doubt that they do not give the President un-
limited control over the finances, the resources,
the revenues of t.he country. It is, it seems to
me, optional with the Legislature how much
they will pay the public servants, those of them
whose compensation is not fixed by the Con-
stitution, and when they will pay it, and what
ones they will pay; and therefore it is that 1
said at the outset that I did not think there
was any constitutional question really involved
in the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri. I take it there is no question but
what the Legislature may constitutionally re-
fuse to pay any postmaster or any other officer.
Of course they act at their peril. If they acton
reasons which are not satisfactory to the coun-
try, they will suffer for it as they should; hut
they are the judges of the question what offi-
cers are to be paid, what offices are to exist
independently of the offices named in the Con-
stitution itself, how much each one of those
officers should receive and when they are to
receive it. It is in the exercise of this author-
ity that we are called upon to adopt this amend-
ment. It is by virtue of this authority that I
take it we can clearly adopt this amendment
without violating the Constitution. The ques-
tion will still remain whether the fact that an
officer has been nominated and has been re-
jected by the Senate, the coordinate branch of
the appointing power, is of itself a sufficient
reason for refusing to pay such ail individual.
For myself, holding that it is a sufficient rea-
son, I shall vote for the amendment. I do not
think the Legislature has a right to appropriate
a dollar of the public funds for the payment of
an officer who the Senate has said is unfit to
hold office.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know, Mr. Pres-
ident, whether I perfectly understand the pro-
visions of this amendment. I beg leave to call
the attention of the Senator from Missouri to
it. The amendment speaks of "'all cases in
which persons have been appointed during the
recess or during the session of the Senate as
assistant postmaster or other civil officer under
the Government," &c. Does he intend to say
that where there has been a regular commis-
sion issued to fill a vacancy that occurred dur-
ing the recess of the Senate no money shall be
paid in compensation for sen ices rendered
under that commission in any case?
Mr. HENDERSON. No. I mean to per-
mit the appointment to hold good until the
adjournment of the succeeding session of the
Senate; and after the last day of the succeed-
ing session of the Senate I propose that he
shall not be paid. The Senator will see, by
reading the whole clause, that I submit to the
opinions of the Attorneys General, who hold
that appointments made under such circum-
stances are good. Of course, in some cases,
the cases alluded to in the Constitution itself,
there will be no doubt; but the Attorneys Gen-
eral have carried that doctrine much further;
and I submitted to their opinions in the ab-
sence of the very able opinion that, the Senator
himself has given on the subject, for 1 really
did not have time to examine it. and was not
aware that a report had been made until the
other day; and 1 have not had time to examine
it since. I submitted to the opinions of the
Attorneys General, and only carried it to the
extent that I thought we properly could go in
accordance with those opinions. The Senate
will see that it only proposes to deny the sal-
ary after an adjournment of the Senate. I
afterward inserted "after the expiration of
thirty days;" and when the Senator from In-
diana proposed an amendment in the twelfth
line I made another modification. If the Sen-
ator from Michigan will permit me now to do
so, I ask to withdraw the words "after the
expiration of thirty days," because they are
unnecessary now, since I submitted to the
amendment suggested by the Senator from
Maryland on the same subject.
The PRESIDENT_pro tempore. The amend-
ment is in the power of the mover, and those
words will be'stricken out.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask, then, that the amend-
ment be read as it now stands.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And bcit farther enacted, That in all cases in which
persons have been or shall be appointed, either dur-
ing the recess or session of the Senate, as assist-
ant postmaster or other civil officer under the Gov-
ernment, whose appointments require the consent
of the Senate, and whose appointments having been
submitted to the Senate have been rejected or not
consented to before the adjournment thereof, no
money shall be drawn from the Treasury or used
from any fund or appropriation made or created by
law to pay the salaries of such persons under such
appointments, or under any previous appointment,
to the same office, for services rendered alter said
adjournment. And if any suek person so rejected by
tho Senate shall after such adjournment be appointed
to the same office, no money shall be drawn or used
as aforesaid to pay his salary until his appointment
shall have been consented to by the Senate at its
succeeding session,
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, there are
some things in regard to offices which I regard
as certain and_ settled, and the first is, that no
office can exist in the United States except
under a law of the United States. The second
is, that the President of the United States has
the power of nominating candidates for office
to the Senate, but that he has not the power
of appointing them to office except by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, unless
in cases of vacancy that may happen during
the recess of the Senate.
_ I am aware, and so are we all, that the prac-
tice has been very common heretofore during
the existence of the Government for the Pres-
ident of the United States to assume to fill
vacancies by way of giving commissions where
vacancies have occurred, not during the recess
of the Senate, but during the session of the
Senate; and it was on that particular point
that the Senate saw fit to instruct the Judiciary
Committee a few years ago to give their opin-
ion, and my friend from Illinois has read to the
Senate the result of their consideration on that
subject.
Now, sir, I hold that it is the plain intention
of the Constitution that where the President
has authority to grant commissions for the pur-
pose of filling a vacancy, that vacancy must
have begun to exist, not during the session of
the Senate, but after the close of the session
of the Senate and during the recess of the
Senate. I am quite aware that the Attorneys
General of the United States, and I think per-
haps without any difference of opinion among
them as to the result at which they have ar-
rived, have entertained the idea that a vacancy
occurring during the session of the Senate may
be filled by commission after the recess of the
Senate has commenced. The Committee on
the Judiciary took this question into consider-
ation, and they held, and I think very properly
held, that was a wrong and erroneous view"of
the Constitution. The Constitution declares
that—
_ "TliePresidentshall have power to fill up all vacan-
cies that may happen during thcreecss of the Senate,
by granting commissions which shall expire at the
end ot their next session."
An eminent, xlttornoy General of the United
States, Mr. Wirt, I think, took very great lib-
erties with this language when he held that the
word "happen" in its connection here maybe
so construed as to cover a case of vacancy where
the vacancy in the office had begun to exist
during the session of the Senate. That was
the construction which he put upon that lan-
guage—I think a very strained and untenable
construction. The Attorney General, Mr. Le-
gare, in 1841. was called upon to give an opinion
upon the same question, and he held, not that
the word "happen" may receive that broad
construction, not that it may be made in that
connection to imply a continuation of an event,
but that the President necessarily had this
power to fill a vacancy that had occurred dur-
ing the session of the Senate in virtue of his
power to take care that the laws are executed
—two very different sources of power. T do
not agree with either of them. I think it is
high time that the Senate of the United States
should act upon this most grave and serious
subject. I do not admit that the practical con-
struction thus given by the executive branch
of the Government, for a long time, indeed, is
the true and accurate construction to be given,
and in saying this 1 am not unaware, I trust,
of the great weight which such a long-continued
practical construction of the language of the
Constitution is entitled to. Ccrtai nly very great
inconveniences may arise, and often do arise,
from a departure from the practical construc-
tion of the law; but in such cases as this it
seems to me that the language of the Consti-
tution is too plain to be mistaken. The report
from which the Senator from Illinois read con-
tains some further observations on this question
