1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
a'I
ftlties to the judge of a State court who, in the
exercise of liis judicial functions, shall act con-
trary to i ts provisions, but it offers inducements,
if not bribes, for the execution of those pro-
visions. It confers jurisdiction upon officers
to make arrests and gives them rewards for
making them, ft fills the States with Federal
officials, watching and sneaking to get prizes
for the execution of their work.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman excuse
me? What clause refers to the duties imposed
Upon State judges?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I refer to the second
section.
Mr. ROGERS. That includes everything.
Mr. THAYER. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will say I see nothing in that section
which warrants the argument the gentleman
attempts to construct upon it. That section is
as follows:
That any person who, under color of any law, stat-
ute, ordinance, regulation, or custom, shall subject
or cause lo be subjected any inhabitant of any S,ate
or Territory to the deprivation of any rii?iit secured
or protected by this act, or to different punishment,
pains, or penalties on account ot'such person having
at any time been held in ae ondition of slavery or in-
Voluntary servitude, except as a punishment foi crime
Whereot the party shall have been duly convicted, or
by leason of his color or race than is prescribed for
the punishment of white persons, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction shall bo
punished by tine not exceeding $1,U90, or imprison-
ment not exceeding one year, or both, in the discre-
tion of the court.
Npw, sir, if the gentleman undertakes to say,
whtti the Congress of the United States pass a
law, and when the Constitution of the United
States says that law. made in pursuance of the
Constitution, shall he the supreme law of the
land, that anybody under color or authority of
any kind, can with impunity violate that su-
preme law, and the United States cannot pun-
ish for that violation, then I understand his
argument. Bo 1 understand him correctly?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 will answer the gentle-
man when he gets through.
Mr. THAYER. There is nothing in the
"bill which imposes on a judge any more than
to refrain from violation of the law.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand precisely
the position the gentleman takes, and 1 pre-
sume he understands me. None can say this
second section is not aimed directly at the State
judiciary. No one who reads the section or
who heard the argument of the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] can hesitate a moment to
admit the purpose and object of this section is
to control the judges of the State courts and
prevent them from executing the laws of the
States. If a judge were, in the ease cited by
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers, ]
to sentence a black man. who had committed
a rape upon a white woman, to death, when for
the same offense a white man would be only
sentenced to imprisonment, he would be sub-
ject to the penalties of this bill.
Now, it may be said that there is no reason
for this distinction; but I claim that there is.
And there is no man that can look upon the
crime, horrid as it is. diabolical as it is when
committed by the white man, and not say that
such a crime committed by a negro upon a
white woman deserves, in the sense and judg-
ment of the American people, a different pun-
ishment from that inflicted upon the white man.
And yet the very purpose of this section, as I
contend, is to abolish or prevent the execution
of laws making a distinction in regard to the
punishment.
But. farther, it is said the negro race is weak
and feeble; that they are mere children—
■'wards of the Government." In many in-
stances it might bo just and proper to inflict a
less punishment upon them for certain crimes
than upon men of intelligence and education,
whose motives may have been worse. It might
be better for the community to control them
by milder and gentler means. If the judge sit-
ting upon the bench of a State court shall, in
carrying out the law of the State, inflict a higher
penalty upon the white man than that which
attaches to the freedinan, not that I suppose it
is eve  contemplated to enforce that, yet it would
be equally applicable, and the penalty would
be incurred by the judge in the same manner
precisely.
But I proceed to the section I was about to
remark upon when the gentleman interrupted
me. The marshals who may be employed to
execute wan-ants and precepts under this biii,
as I have already remarked, are offered a bribe
for the execution of them. It creates mar-
shals in great numbers, and authorizes com-
missioners to appoint almost anybody for that
purpose, and it stimulates them by the offer of
a reward not given in the case of the arrest of
persons guilty of any other crime.
It goes further. It authorizes the President,
when he is apprehensive that some crime of
this sort may be committed, on mere suspicion,
mere information or statement that it is likely
to be committed, to take any judge from the
bench or any marshal from his oiiice to the
place where the crime is apprehended, for the
purpose of more efiiciently and speedily carry-
ing out the provisions of this bill.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Thayer] tells us that it is very remarkable that
it should be claimed that this bill is intended
to create and continue a sort of military des-
potism over the people where this law is to be
executed. It seems to me nothing is plainer.
Where do we find any laws heretofore passed
having no relation to the negro in which such
a provision as this tenth section is to be found ?
Generally the marshal seeks by himself to ex-
ecute his warrant, and failing, he calls out his
posse comitatus. But this bill authorizes the
use in the lirst instance of the Army and Navy
by the President for the purpose of executing
such writs.
The gentlemen who advocate this bill are
great sticklers for equality, and insist that there
shall be no distinction made on account of race
or color. Why. sir. every pro\ irion of this bill
carries Upon its face the distinction, and is cal-
culated to perpetuate it forever as long as the
act shall be in force. Where did this measure
originate but in the recognition of the differ-
ence between races and colors? Does any one
pretend that this bill is intended to protect
white men--to save them from any wrongs
which may be inflicted upon them bv the ne-
groes? Not at all. It is introduced and pressed
in the pretended interest of the black man, and
recognizes and virtually declares distinction
between race and color.
But gentlemen claim that there is warrant
and authority in the second section of the re-
cent amendment to the Constitution for this
measure. I believe that is the only authority
upon which the eloquent gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Tiiayer. J rested his claim of the
right to pass this bill.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman will recol-
lect that I also founded a portion of my argu-
ment in favor of the constitutionality of this
bill upon the guarantee which is contained in
the Constitution, of life, liberty, and property
to citizens of the United States, and 1 argued
that if this measure was necessary to enforce
that guarantee it was a power necessarily con-
tained by implication in the Constitution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then the gentleman dif-
fers in all his claims with his friend, the able
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgjiam,] who
introduced the resolution proposing the amend-
ment of the Constitution for the purpose of
meeting the constitutional objections to the
passage of this bill. He admitted, or seemed
to admit, when that resolution was under con-
sideration, that there is by the Constitution as
it now stands no warrant for the Federal Gov-
ernment to go into a State for the purpose of
protecting the citizen in his rights of life, lib-
erty, and property. I shall not undertake to
argue that question. It is enough for my pur-
pose that the majority of this House have urged
the necessity of the passage of that resolution
to amend the Constitution in order to enable
them to attain the purpose sought by this bill.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, I will not yield to
that gentleman. He refused me a similar court-
esy a short time ago.
Mr. GR1NNELL. Now, you are even*.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGR, Yes, now we are even.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania bases his
argument also upon the power given to Con-
gress by the Constitution to establish a uniform
system of naturalization. 1 was surprised that
that position should have been assumed by the
able gentleman from Pennsylvania, for 1 look
upon him as one of the ablest lawyers in this
House. What does naturalization mean? Does
it relate to persons born in this country? The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Raymond],
well suggested that doubts might arise upon
the decisions of the courts. They have held
expressly in several cases which are referred
to in the decision from which I will read in a
moment, that the right of naturalization under
the 'Constitution referred only to persons of
foreign birth, that it had no reference to per-
sons born in the United States.
Justice Curtis, in his dissenting opinion in the
Dred Scott case, a gentleman who, I believe, is
authority with the other side of the House, even
if Chief-Justice Taney is not, hold this lan-
guage :
"Amongthe powers expressly granted to Congress
is the power to establish a uniform rule of naturali-
zation. It is not doubted that this is a powerto pro-
scribe a rule fur the removal of disabiliticsconsequent
on foreign birth. To hold thatit extends further than
this would do violence to tho meaning of the term
' naturalization,' fixed in the common law and in tho
minds of tlio^o who concurred in framing and adopt-
ing tho Constitution. Itisin thisscnseconfcrrinaonan
alien and Ins issue the rights and powers ofunatire-
born citizen tnat it is employed in the Declaration of
Independence. It is in this senso it is expounded in
the Federalist, it has been understood by Congress,
by the judiciary, and by commentators on the Con-
stitution."
Several authorities are cited by Justice Cur-
tis to sustain his views,
It appears then that the only power expressly
granted to Congress to legislate concerning citi-
zenship is confined to the removal of the dis-
abilities of foreign birth. The opinion of the
majority of the court, delivered by Chief Jus-
tice 'fancy, is to the same effect. So far as I
am aware, no decision in the United States has
ever conflicted with that decision. Upon what
ground, then, can it be claimed that naturaliza-
tion can be conferred upon persons born in the
United States?
Mr. RAYMOND. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question upon that point.
Mr. ELDRiDGH. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. RAYMOND. [ would ask the gentle-
man this question: even if citizenship cannot
under the Constitution be absolutely conferred
upon native-born inhabitants, according to this
decision of the court which he cites, may not
Congress declare that all native-born inhabitants
of thecountiy arc citizens, making it a declar-
atory act instead of one conferring citizenship?
Mr. ELDUlDGE. It. is enough for me to
know that Congress has not done it, and that
by the organic law it has no power to do it.
Mr. RAYMOND. T do not see the perti-
nency of the gentleman's remark. Congress,
he says, has not done it. but is there anything
in the Constitution which prohibits or renders
it impossible for Congress to declare that all
native-born inhabitants are citizens?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. There is no authorityin
the Constitution for Congress to pass any such
law. Naturalization, of its own force, imparts
and applies only to foreign-born persons, so
that the warrant in the Constitution to estab-
lish a uniform system of naturalization applies
only to foreigners and cannot apply to those
born in this country. Hence, before you can
pass such a law, vou must have constitutional
warrant for it. I think the gentleman is an-
swered.
Mr. RAYMOND. I only wished to call tha
gentleman's attention to the point.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 claim and insist that
this authority of tho Constitution applies only
to foreigners, or to foreign-born persons; that
it does not apply to persons born'm this coun-
try : and that if it is desirable to confer th<i
