3076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
not exceeding one quarter section for each
station. The telegraphic communications be-
tween the several Departments of the Govern-
ment of the United States and ihcir oflicers
and agents,, in their transmission over the lines
of she company, are to have fffiority over all
other business, and to be sent at rates to be
annually fixed by the Postmaster General.
The rights and privileges hereby granted are
not to be transferred by the company to any
other corporation, association, or person, with-
out the consent of Congress; but the United
States may at any time after the expiration
"of five years from the passage of the act, for
postal, military, or other purposes, purchase
all the telegraph lines, property, and effects of
the company at an appraised value, to be as-
certained by five competent, disinterested per-
sons. two of whom are to be selected by the
Postmaster General of the United States, two
by the company, and one by the four so previ-
ously selected. Nothing contained in the act
is to be so construed as to prevent Congress
from granting to other telegraph companies
such powers and privileges as it confers; and
Congress may at any lime alter, amend, or
repeal the act.
Mr. MORRILL. It seems to me this is a
very important bill. *
Mr. SHERMAN. T can explain it in a
moment. I will state briefly the reasons that
led the special committee to report this bill
after a very careful and patient examination
of this subject. We all desired to expedite or
facilitate, if possible, the construction of tele-
graph lines in the United States. There were
three propositions made to the committee.
One was that the United States itself, through
the Postmaster General, should eonstruet tel-
egraph lines with a view'to compote with exist-
ing lines ; another was that we should organize
a company, chartered by an act of Congress,
and authorize that company to construct tele-
graph lines. The objection'taken by the Post-
master General to the first proposition, and in
which wc all concurred, was that the expense
would be too great for the United States now,
upon present information, to embark in the
construction of telegraph lines in the United
States; that it would be ingrafting a new feat-
ure on the postal service which we were not
prepared for. We supposed that a time might
arrive, in the not far distant future, when the
United States might be disposed to ingraft, the
telegraph system upon the postal system, but
we thought that now was not the time.
The next proposition—and such a bill was
introduced and ref'cired to the committee—
was that a corporation should be created by
Congress invested with powers to construct
telegraph lines to compete with existing tele-
graph companies. After a patient examina-
tion, we thought that at present we had better
not organize such a company, as it would be
a new feature to incorporate a company in the
District ol Columbia to exereisc pow ers beyond
the District, and we supposed it. would'give
rise to some objection from its very novelty.
I he hill that we finally agreed upon author-
izes an existing company organized in the Stat c
of New \ork, which is now constructing tel-
egraph lines in the United States and which
proposes to construct a telegraph line to Cal-
ifornia over the public domain, to construct
their^line along the military or post roads of
the United States, and over, under, or across
the navigable streams or waters of the United
Slates, and authorizes them to take a quarter
section ot land in certain cases, and to lake the
materials lor building their line on the public
domain. This provision is copied from the act
incorporating the Pacific Telegraph Company,
to which the United States now pays a bounty
of $40,000 a year. This eonfers simply the
right upon this company to cros-stlie public
domain ; and, wherever stations are necessary,
to preempt a quarter section of land, ghing
them no other privilege. The second section
authorizes the Postmaster General-—-
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to call the
benator s attention to that point in the first i
section to which he has just referred. I think
it would be better to insert "lands subject to
preemption." It would hardly do to let this
company preempt land across the "continent
which is not subject to preemption. ''Public
domain'' does not. necessarily mean "public
land subje t to preemption."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
an amendment of that kind. The purpose is
simply to give them the same privileges which
were given to the other companies.
Mr. POMEEOY. Let them take the right
to preempt land which is subject to preemption,
but not military reservations or Indian reser-
vations.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the language
copied from the old law; but the Senator may
modify it so as to obviate the difficulty he
seems to apprehend. We simply desired to
give them the right to go upon public land
which is not yet sold and there establish their
line.
The second section provides that the Post-
master General shall fix the price for trans-
milling messages sent by or to any officcr of
the Government. This wo regarded as a very
important principle to be adopted. It was pro-
posed, indeed, to extend the principle to all
messages sent over the wires; but as the ex-
isting^ companies are not restrained in this
way, it was deemed unwise to put this com-
pany under such heavy restraints, but simply
to place the messages of the United States, sent
either to or by an officer of the Government,
under the direction of the Postmaster General.
The tliiid section provides for an appre-'
bended difficulty. It was alleged that these
rights might, be transferred to the existing
companies and thus might create even a greater
monopoly; but it is to be observed that no
right is conferred by this bill that docs not
already exist in the present companies. But
to avoid any difficulty on that point, on the
motion of my friend from Now Hampshire,
[Mr. Ci.aiik, J who is not now present, the third
section was inserted providing that this com-
pany should not transfer the franchises con-
ferred by the bill without the consent of Con-
gress. _ It is also prouded that at the expira-
tion of five years Congress may, if they choose,
purchase upon equitable terms !he lines of the
company.
_ Mr. 1 ESSENDEN. Vv hat is the exact pro-
vision on 1 hat point?
-Mr. SHERMAN. It is :
Pi onuh-d, however. That the United States may, at
any tunc alter the expiration of tivc years from the
u;ile ofMhe parage of this act, tor postal, military,
or other purpose?,.purchase all the telegraph lines,
propei ty, and e fleets of Saul company at an appraised
value.
And the mode of appraisement, is pointed
out.
Mr. KESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator whether the committee considered the
question of the right of Congress to grant priv-
ileges of this kind. The Constitution gi\es lo
Congress power to establish post roads ; and
they may there (ore provide for designating
roads for postal purposes ; but can they give to
a company the right to establish posts, wires,
over land which they do not own and over
which they simply have the right themselves
to establish post roads?
Mr. SHERMAN. W e considered that mat-
ter. 1 have no doubt on that point myself,
though I do not know that 1 can say for the
committee that they came to a definite conclu-
sion in regard to it. For myself, I have no
doubt that the Government of the United
Stales have a right to erect wires, or authorize
them lo lie erected by a company, over and
through the post roads in the different Slates.
Ihe mere fact that alter transmitting our own
dispatches, in winch we get priority in all
cases, dispatches are also to be transmitted
for private individuals, would not affect that
right. ^ At any rate if is a light that, if dis-
puted in any State, or by any person, may be
made the subject of litigation, and may prop-
erly be left with the judicial tribunals.
The fourth section provides that Congress
may grant the same rights to any other com-
pany, and may alter, amend, or repeal this
act. I would at any time, on the request of
any company, be willing to extend the same
privileges to them. This will undoubtedly
enable this company and all companies that
may come in hereafter to compete with exist-
ing monopolies to have the advantage, at any
rate, of going over the public domain, and of
the facilities granted by the first section, and
it will give them whatever right Congress can
confer to go through the different States, and
especially across the navigable streams of the
United Stales. No private company can now
cross the Ohio river or other navigable streams
without the consent of Congress. That has
been settled not only by our own practice, but
by the decisions of the courts, particularly if
the crossing might possibly obstruct the navi-
gation of the river. It was deemed important,
therefore, that this right should be given to the
company in all cases to cross navigable streams
in such a way as not to injure the navigation.
I have now stated the whole bill. I only re-
gret for myself that it does not contain more
which would enable a more complete compe-
tition with existing companies. The Postmas-
ter General in a letter which is lying on the
table has furnished a vast amount of material,
statistics, &c.,. as to the cost of telegraphs and
as to the price at which messages may be con-
veyed, inclosing communications from all the
existing telegraph companies ; but as they do
not affect the provisions of this bill we have
not deemed it necessary to allude to them. I
will state further that the Postmaster General,
to whom this bill has been submitted, cordially
approves it, although he is opposed to the Uni-
ted States now embarking in a general system
of building telegraph wires.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope this bill will re-
ceive the consideration of the Senate before it
is passed. It cannot be doubted that it is a
bill very important in its provisions, and that
it has a very broad scope and meaning. In the
first place, it seems to me, before such powers
are granted, we should know something of the
corporation lo which they are to be granted.
It will be seen that this National Telegraph
Company is described as "a corporation or-
ganized under the laws of the State of New
York, April 1G, 18fi6"—only a little over a
month ago. By the general laws of that State
a certain number of persons may associate
themselves together and exercise the general
powers of a body politic and corporate. Now,
I hardly think that, the Government of the Uni-
ted States would like to grant powers so exten-
sive as these without knowing something of the
corporation, who the corporators are, what
their responsibility is, and what they purpose
to do.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have that information
here.
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly it ought to be
accessible to the Senate. This bill, I see, was
reported on the 7tli of June. We have had
very little opportunity to consider the matter ;
this is the first time it has come lo my atten-
tion at all.
Now, let us look at the scope of the bill for
a moment. In the first place, this corporation,
whicn is not the creature of this Government,
which is the creation of the State of New York,
is endowed with certain powers and privileges,
first to put up telegraphic wires in any direction,
totally extent, '■ through and over any portion
of the public domain." I take it for granted
that means outside of the States. That is a
pretty extensive sweep when you consider that
the Government at this moment is paying a
subsidy of about fifty thousand dollars a year, I
think, to one line, and Ihis company may build
another one right alongside of that.
But that is not the important part of this
measure. The important part of it is in these
words, " over and along any of the military or
post roads of the United States which have
been or may hereafter be declared such by act
of Congress." What does that mean? Any
of the roads over which we carry the mail, over
