2116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of convenience, and with the leave of the Sen-
ate I will read a few paragraphs:
"We are aware that this construction lias been,
from time to time, sanctioned by Attorneys General,
ami. as recently as 1855, by Mr. Gushing, and that
the Executive has, from time to time, practicedupon
it. We are also aware of the great weight which
such a continued practical construction is entitled to
in considering the meaning and intent of a doubtful
clause in a public act. But we have notbeen ableto
convince ourselves that such is the character of the
provision. We thinkthe language too plain to admit
of a doubt or to need interpretation; and where such
is the case, the language must not l>e wrested from its
natural sense to avoid a supposed inconvenience.
" And it i- quite apparent, from ail the arguments
of the Attorneys General, that the real foundation
of their conclusions is the as-umed inconvenience to
the public service of permitting an office to remain
vacant during the recess, where the vacancy has hap-
pened during the session and remains unfilled at its
c!o-e.
"Casos, itistrue, may occur, astheyhave occurred,
wiiei e a vacancy may subsist after the session in con-
sequence ot the refusal of the Senate to consent to,
or of its omission to act upon, a nomination; and
exactly the same inconvenience may result, as it has
on numerous occasions resulted, from the omission
ot the President to send in a nomination. It is also
an inconvenience that a vacancy should continue for
any length of time, whether occurring during the
session or the recess, and yet vacancies must, from the
very nature of the case, thus continue tor a longer
or shorter period. A similar inconvenience must
necessarily have happened if the Senate had had no
power whatever over appointments, and occurs from
necessity in the mu4 absolute Governments. It is
unavoidable. All this, however, was clearly foreseen
by the framers of the Constitution when they used
the language giving the power: and it strikes us as
far more rational to conclude that they regarded this
temporary inconvenience as outweighed by the ad-
vantage they had secured by requiring all appoint-
ments to office, except in casesof vacancy happening
in the recess, to receive the sanction of the Senate.
The plan came as near to pertection as the nature of
the case and the preservation of any effective power
oil the part of the Senate would admit."
Mr. President, I am for restraining, so far as
is possible, the action of the executive branch
of the Government to appointments to office
within the strict limits of the Constitution. I
think that during the last year or two we have
had instances enough of an assumption on the
part of the Executive to appoint to offices which
had not even been created by law, and unless
the Senate shall interpose effectually, and at a
timely moment, to interrupt this current of
events it is impossible to tell to what evils it
may not lead. I shall, with a great deal of
pleasure, vote for the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Missouri, because I think there ought
to be just exactly that restraint imposed upon
the appointing power.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, what I rise
for the purpose of saying is not to discuss the
particular amendment as now modified by the
mover of it, but with a view merely to state
the opinions which I entertain upon the ques-
tions discussed by the honorable member who
has just taken his seat, and by the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee. The honorable
chairman, at the same time saying that it
was not his purpose to weaken the authority
of the Attorneys General, stated that perhaps
their opinions were not entitled to the weight
that should be otherwise accorded to them be-
cause they held their office under the President,
and they may have fashioned then* opinions to
suit the views of the President.
Now, if the honorable member had had the
experience which at one time it was my good
or bad fortune to have had, I am sure he would
not have indulged in a remark which was cal-
culated to reflect upon the independence of
those who have heretofore filled thathigh office.
The Senate are aware, and th e country is aware,
that in former days it was filled bv the most
eminent men of the land; men as far incapable
of being influenced by any political considera-
tion, and certainly as far from being influenced
by any opinion which the President might'en-
tertain, as the honorable member from Illinois,
or anybody else, could be in any situation in
which they might be placed. They are ap-
pointed under a law passed as far back as 1789
for the very purpose of being the legal advisers
of the President and of the several heads of
Departments. They are, therefore, quasi ju-
dicial officers, and as far as I am advised, with-
out "any exception, from the time of their ap-
pointment to the present hour, there never has
been an opinion given by any incumbent of that
office uponany question which he did not believe
to be in itself sound. It is possible that party
may have unconsciously influenced his judg-
ment; but ifjtbe true thatofficers of that kind
might be influenced by party considerations, I
suppose it is equally true that Senators of the
United States may unconsciously be influenced
by like motives; that their opinions, therefore,
are to be taken with some allowance on that
account. But the opinions which have been
the subjectof eommentdo not stand alone upon
the authority of the eminent men by whom
they have been given. They have had the
sanction of Congress, the sanction of this great
body, the sanction, of course, of the Presi-
dents who held that high office during the period
that the opinions were pronounced, the sanc-
tion of Washington, of Jefferson, of Madison,
of John Quincy Adams, of Monroe—men not
eminent on account of any military service,
but eminent for their legal knowledge as well
as For their undoubted, and now, (however
it might have been attempted to throw spots
upon their reputation during the period some
of them held that high office,) now, in the
opinion of the world, spotless reputation ; and
until the learned Judiciary Committee of the
Senate upon the occasion adverted to by the
honorable Senator, the chairman of that com-
mittee. deemed it their duty to express a differ-
ent opinion, as far as I am advised the opinion
pronounced by the law officers of the Govern-
ment and acted upon by the several Presidents
never was questioned.
Now the honorable members tell us—par-
ticularly the honorable member from Michigan,
who has just closed—that the language of the
Constitution is so plain that it admits of no
doubt. The honorable member risks a good
deal of his own reputation, high as that is,
when he pronounces so authoritatively that the
question is free from all doubt, when from the
beginning of the Government up to the period
when that report was made, founded upon the
hypothesis that there was no doubt, the opin-
ion of every branch of the Government was
that the ttue interpretation of the Constitution
was directly the reverse of what he supposes
now to be its only admissible interpretation.
V, hat is the inconvenience to arise from
adopting the construction of the executive de-
partment of the Government? The honorable
member supposes, and that is his proposition,
that the vacancy, if existing in point of fact for
the first time during the actual session of the
Senate, cannot be filled by the Executive if the
Senate fails to fill it. Now this may happen;
this has happened : a man dies during the ses-
sion of the Senate; his death is not known to
the President, is not known to the Senate;
but his death creates a vacancy, and if it can-
not be filled one of two things will be the re-
sult : that the office, however important it may
be to the due administration of the Govern-
ment, is to remain vacant for the eight or nine
months that may elapse from the termination
of one session to the beginning of another,
or that the President must call the Senate
together.
L)oes the honorable member mean to assert
that in a case of that description the President
has no authority to appoint? If he will look
at these opinions he will find that in a case of
that sort it never was doubted that the Presi-
dent had the authority to appoint: andthesame
principle has been adopted in relation to that
principle of the Constitution which relates to
the filling of vacancies in this body. The lan-
guage in one respect is the same—if a vacancy
happens during the recess of the Legislature
the Governor is to appoint. The honorable
member says that the uniform construction of
that clause has been that if in point of fact he
who was Senator ceases to be a Senator by death
or by any other cause while the Legislature of
his State is in session the place cannot be filled.
What is the case of my friend, the honorable
member from Vermont, [Mr. Poi.axd?] I
looked at it with some concern when I heard of
his appointment. I knew his reputation before
April 23,
he came into the body, and I was exceedingly
solicitous that it should turn out that there was
no objection to the validity of his appoint merit.
J udge Collamer died during the session of the
Legislature of Vermont; bat the fact was not
known to the Legislature, and upon looking at
the question with all proper solicitude, for the
reason I have just stated, I found that it had
been uniformly held that the authority of the
Executive to fill a vacancy did not depend upon
the mere fact of an existing vacancy, but de-
pended upon the existence of two facts: first,
vacancy existing, and second, the knowledge
of the vacancy being possessed by the Legisla-
ture. Our friend from Vermont was received
without objection on the part of anybody. Does
any one doubt that, he is entitled to his seat by
virtue of that executive appointment? And
yet, without giving a liberal interpretation to
the word "happen," as it is found in that clause
of the Constitution, lie is not here by virtue of
a valid appointment.
But there is a difference between the lan-
guage of that clause and the language of the
clause which is immediately before the Senate.
The language of the clause before the Senate is:
"The President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during the recess of the
Senate, by granting commissions which shall expire
at the end of their next session."
The language of the corresponding clause in
relation to the filling of vacancies in this body is:
"If vacancies happen by resignation or otherwise
during the recess of the Legislature of any State, the
Executive thereof may make temporary appoint-
ments until the next meeting of the Legislature,
which shall then fill such vacancy."
The appointment in that case terminates with
the beginning of the session of the next Legisla-
ture ; the appointments in the case under con-
sideration do not terminate at the meeting of the
next session of the Senate of the United States,
bat continue until the termination of that ses-
sion. And there is a difference in another re-
spect, a practical difference. Looking to the
wholesortie administration of the Government,
the Government can go on without the Senate
being full. Whether Vermont, for example, was
represented as she is now represented, or was
not represented until a Legislature met and
should choose the same members or choose
somebody else, was a matter, so far as the act-
ual administration of the G overnment was con-
cerned, of little or no moment: but how is the
executive branch of the Government to be car-
ried on upon any such doctrine? Your Sec-
retary of tho Treasury dies, dies this morning;
yoa do not hear ofit; you adjourn before notice
of the fact reaches you ; are the finances of
the Government to remain unadministered
until we meet here next December? And so
in relation to all the other appointments. The
laws cannot be executed without your execu-
tive officers; the judgments of you* courts can-
not be enforced withoutyourmarshal; andif the
Senaterejeetan appointment made by the Pres-
ident, or decline to act upon an appointment
proposed by the President, and adjourn, are
your courts to be practically closed? Certainly
that will be the result if it be true that in such
case there is no authority in the Executive to
supply the vacancy unless the Senate shall be
called together again, and the practical result
might be that we might be called together from
month to month. The mischief arising from
that, the inconvenience resulting from that,
the expenditure consequent upon that, is infi-
nitely greater than to give the President the
power to appoint a marshal or a Secretary of
the Treasury, and to have the judgments of
the courts, in the ease of the first of these offi-
cers, executed; and so in relation to all other
departments of the Government.
But my friend from Illinois and I, and per-
haps for the same reason, have been very fond
in past times of the niceties of special plead-
ing. and lie does not seem to have gotten rid
of his love of them yet. He seems given over
to technicalities, and pushes them to an extent
in the construction of the Constitution even
further than I have heard them applied to the
construction of a plea in abatement. Now,
