1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4037
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Mil was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time and passed.
PORT OF ENTRY IN PUGET'S SOUND.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 729.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 729) to change the
port of entry in Puget's Sound. It proposes
to abolish, from and after the 1st day of Octo-
ber, 1886, the port of Port Angelos, in the dis-
trict of Puget's Sound, in Washington Terri-
tory, as a port of entry, and to establish Port
Townsend as the port of entry and delivery
for the district from and after that date.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
POltTS OJ? DELIVERY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 00!).
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (II. R. No. GOO) to constitute
Omaha and Nebraska City, in the Territory of
Nebraska, and St. Paul, in Minnesota, ports
of delivery. Jt proposes to constitute Omaha
and Nebraska City, in the Territory of Ne-
braska, and St. Paul, in the State of Minne-
sota, ports of delivery, subject to the same reg-
ulations and restrictions as other ports of
delivery in the United States; and there is to
bo appointed a surveyor of customs to reside
at each of the ports, who, in addition to his
own duties, is to perform the duties and receive
the salary and emoluments of surveyor pre-
scribed by the act of Congress, approved on the
2d of March, 1831, providing for the payment
of duties on imported goods at certain ports
therein mentioned, •entitled '!An act allowing
the duties on foreign merchandise imported
into Pittsburg, Wheeling, Cincinnati, Louis-
ville, St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez, to be
secured and paid at those places," and the
towns of Omaha and Nebraska City and St.
Paul, as ports of delivery, are annexed to and
made a part of the collection district of New
Orleans, and all the facilities and privileges
afforded by the act of Congress of the 2d of
March, 18;>[, are extended to them.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend the
bill by adding as an amendment Senate bill No.
190, in these words:
And be it further enacted, That Council Bluffs, in
the State of Iowa,shall be,andishereby, constituted
a port of delivery, and shall be subject to the same
regulations and restrictions as otherportsof delivery
in the United States; and thcreshall be appointed a
surveyor of customs to reside at said port, who shall,
in addition to his own duties, perform the duties and
receive tlie salary and emoluments of surveyor pre-
scribed by the act of Congress approved on the 2d of
March, 1831, providing for the payment of duties on
importedgoods at certaiu ports therein mentioned,
entitled "An act allowing the duties on foreign mer-
chandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling. Cincin-
nati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and Natchez,
to be scoured and paid at those placesand the said
town of Council Bluffs and the said port of delivery be,
and is hereby, annexed to and made a part of the col-
lection district of New Orleans, and all the facilities
and privileges afforded by the said act of Congress of
the 2d of March, 1831, be, and a,re hereby, extended
to the said port, of Council BlufS.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That Portland, in
the State of Oregon, shall bo, and is hereby, consti-
tuted a port of delivery, and shall be subject to the
same regulations and restrictions as other ports of
delivery in the United States, and there shall be ap-
pointed a surveyor of customs to reside at said port,
who shall, in addition to his own duties, perform the
duties and receive the salary and emolumenteofsui-
veyor prescribed by the act of Congress approved on
the 2d of March, 1831, providing for the payment of
duties on imported goods at certain ports therein
mentioned, entitled "An act allowing the duties on
foreign merchandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheel-
ing, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and
Natchez, to be secured and paid at those places;" and
the said city of Portland and the said port of delivery
be, and is hereby, annexed to and made a part of the
collection district of the State of Oregon, and all the
facilities and privileges afforded by the said act of
Congress of the 2d of March, 1831, be, and are hereby,
extended to the said port of Portland.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to suggest to my
friend, the Senator from Michigan, that a great
deal of useless repetition of language would
be avoided by so changing the amendment as
to insert the names of these new places after
the word " Minnesota," in line four of the
original bill, and again after the word "St.
Paul," in the eighteenth line; because in all
other respects the provisions are precisely the
same; and if it be in order I will move to
amend by substituting such provisions, because
otherwise every word is a useless repetition of
what is already in the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An amend-
ment to the amendment is in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend, then,
by substituting for the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Michigan the following:
to insert after the word "Minnesota," in line
four, the words "Council Bluffs, in the State
of Iowa, and Portland, in the State of Ore-
gon," and by inserting after the words "St.
Paul," in the eighteenth line, the same words;
and by inserting after the words "New Or-
leans," in line twenty, the words, "and the
said port of Portland is annexed to and made
a part of the collection district of the State of
Oregon."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to hear the
bill, as amended, read in full.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Be it enacted, dec., That Omahaand Nebraska City,
in the Territory of Nebraska, and St. Paul, in the
Stato of Minnesota, Council Bluffs, in the State of
Iowa, and Portland, in the State of Oregon, shall
be, and are hereby, constituted ports of delivery,
and shall bo subject to the same regulations and re-
strictions as other ports of delivery in tile United
States; a.nd there shall be appointed a surveyor of
customs to reside at each of said ports, who shall, in
addition to his own duties, perform the duties and
receive the salary and emoluments of surveyor pre-
scribed by the act of Congress, approved on the 2d
of March, 1831, piovidnig for the payment of duties
on imported goods at certain ports therein men-
tioned, entitled "An act allowing the duties on for-
eign merchandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheel-
ing, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and
Natchez, to bo secured and paid at those places,"
and the said towns of Omaha and Nebraska City and
St. Paul, ,and Council Bluffs, in the State of Iowa,
and the said ports of delivery be, and are hereby,
annexed to and made a part of the collection district
of New Orleans, and tho said port of Porl land is an-
nexed to and made pa.rt of the collection district
of Oregon; and all the facilities afforded by the said
a,ct of Congress of the 2d ot March, 1831, be, and are
heieby, extended to tho said ports ot Omaha, and
Nebraska City and St. Paul, Council Bluffs, and Port-
land, in the State of Oregon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. T suggest that in the
eighteenth lint: the words "the said ports of
delivery" should be stricken out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That will make better
sens©
Mr." WILLIAMS. It will then read " and
St. Paul and Council Bluffs be, and are hereby,
annexed to and made a part of the collection
district of New Orleans."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, no objection being in-
terposed.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendments be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the title
of the bill was amended so as to read, "A bill
to constitute Omahaand Nebraska City, in the
Territory of Nebraska, St. Paul, in the State
of Minnesota, Council Bluffs, in the State of
Iowa, and Portland, in the State of Oregon,
ports of delivery."
NORTH CAROLINA COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 899.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. S99) relative to col-
lection districts in North Carolina. It provides
that from and after the 1st of October, 1866,
there shall be in the State of North Carolina
four collection districts: one, to be called the
district of Albemarle, which is to include Al-
bemarle, Currituck, and Croatan sounds, and
all the waters, shores, harbors, rivers, creeks,
bays, and inlets adjacent to and following into
the sounds, together with that part of Pamlico
sound north of and including Loggerhead inlet,
and all waters and shores appertaining thereto.
And the port of entry for the district is to be
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Another, to be called the district of Pamlico,
which is to include Pamlico sound, and all the
waters, shores, harbors, rivers, creeks, bays,
and inlets adjacent to and flowing into the
sound, exclusive of the district of Albemarle,
and including the south line of Neuse river to
the northern entrance of Cove sound; and the
port of entry for the district of Pamlico is to
be at Newbern. Another, to be called the
district of Beaufort, which is to include all tho
waters, shores, harbors, creeks, bays, and inlets
south of tho district of Pamlico and north of
and including New River inlet; and the port
of entry for the district of Beaufort is to be at
Beaufort. And another, to be called the dis-
trict of Wilmington, which is to include all the
waters, shores, harbors, creeks, bays, and inlets
south of the district of Beaufort to the south-
ern boundary of the State. And the collector
of each of the districts is to reside at the port
of entry thereof. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury is authorized, should it at any time here-
after seem to him necessary, to change the port
of entry in the district of Beaufort to More-
head City.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with several amendments. The firstamend-
ment was in section one, line nine, to strike out
the word "following" and to- insert the word
"flowing."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a
mere verbal change, and will be made unless
objection is interposed.
-The next amendment was in section one,
line twelve, to strike out the words "desig-
nated by the Secretary of the Treasury," and
to insert the words '' at Plymouth.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line eighteen, to strike out the word " Cove"
and to insert the word " Core" before the word
" sound."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made as a verbal alteration, no
objection being interposed.
The next amendment was in section one,
line twenty-seven, after the word " State," to
insert "and the port of entry for said district
of Wilmington shall be at Wilmington."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was'to add at the end
of the first section the following:
And shall be appointed by the President, by and
with tho advice and consent of the Senate, and re-
ceive a salary at the rate of $1,000 per annum in addi-
tion to the fees of ofiicc: Provided, That such com-
pensation shall in no case exceed the sum of $2,500
per annum in the aggregate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker had signed the following en-
rolled bill and joint resolutions: which there-
upon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 776) in relation to the
unlawful tapping of Government water-pipes;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 83) restoring
Tennessee to her relations to the Union; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 191) relating
to the building lately occupied for a national
