1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
what does he toll us ? The power of appoint-
ment is not conferred upon the President; the
clause relied upon for the purpose of showing
that he has any power of appointment was not
intended to accomplish any such end; the
word "appointment" is not in the particular
clause ; the word 1' appointment" is to be
found in the clause which, relates to what he
may do with the advice and consent of the
Senate; and because the word "appointment"
is not in the one and is to be found in the
other, the power of appointment in the one
does not exist, although it exists in the other.
What is the power, Mr. President? If vacan-
cies exist they shall be filled by commissions
issued by the President. That is the power
conferred upon him. When the vacancy ex-
isting by the death or the resignation of the
antecedent officer is filled, does not the incum-
bent hold liis office by virtue of that commis-
sion ? Does he not hold it, therefore, by the
appointment of the Executive just as substan-
tially as if the word "appointment" was to be
found in the particular clause ? Who can
doubt that ? He who did fill it filled it by
virtue of the authority of the President to ap-
Soint, by and with the consent of the Senate.
[e who succeeds him in filling it fills it by
virtue of the appointment of the President
alone during the period for which he is au-
thorized to Till it; so that in both cases the
incumbent is in office by virtue of an appoint-
ing" power;
I therefore submit, upon either of the two
questions to which 1 have addressed myself,
first, that a long-settled interpretation by every
branch of the Government of the meaning of
this clause is not to be unsettled now by the
opinion of any committee of this body. No
one has greater confidence than I have in the
particular committee by whom the report relied
upon was drafted or in the draftsman of
that report; but I am sure he will not take it
at all in an offensive sense, nor wilji any mem-
ber o,f that committee consider me as meaning
to disparage the authority to which each one
of the committee is entitled, when T say that
perhaps it may be that Pinkney and Wirt and
Taney and Legare and Berrien and Gushing
maybe right and this committee wrong ; and
more especially when what Pinkney and Wirt
and Taney and Berrien and Legare and Cush-
ing have said upon the subject has received the
sanction of every department of the Govern-
ment until it first fell under the kind and crit-
ical censure of the members of this committee.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that if the question were now about form-
ing the Constitution, and we were to consider
where this power should be lodged, much of
the argument of the Senator from Maryland
would be very applicable; it would certainly
be entitled to very great consideration, but he
will allow me to say that he seems rather to
have addressed himself to what in his opinion
ougbt to be the Constitution than to what the
Constitution is. Now, sir, 1 prefer to call the
attention of the Senator precisely to what the
Constitution is. I therefoie, if the Senator
will pardon me, put aside his very elaborate
disquisition oh the inconvenience that may
ensue if we do not adopt his view. Even as-
suming that all that inconvenience might ensue,
with regard to which the Senator will pardon
me if I express great doubt, he will allow me
to say that that cannot be an excuse to ns for
setting aside the text of the Constitution.
There is the instrument. The Senator has
quoted the words; he will pardon me if I quote
them:
" The President shall have power to fill up all vacan-
cies thatmay happen during the recessof the Senate."
Are not the words plain ?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a question.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says that is a
question, but I put it, are not the words plain?
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Senator wants me
to answer his question, I should say no.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; the Senator has
already answered the question in advance by
an elaborate speech. His whole speech was a
long "no" on that question. He says that the
words are not plain; but he will allow me to
say_, in reply, that to my apprehension they are
plain. And I submit to the Senator that even
in his opinion they would not be otherwise than
plain if he were not led astray by that line of
names to which he has so often alluded, begin-
ning with that name which we all respect so
much—William Wirt. Mr. Wirt, in his opinion,
as the Senator reminds us, has undertaken to
give an interpretation to the phrase "thatmay
happen." Permit me to say that in my opin-
ion that interpretation is latitudinous beyond
apology. There is nothing, according to my
mind, in any rule of construction or interpreta-
tion that will justify sucha definition as he has
chosen to attach to that phrase. And permit
me to say that that definition begins with Wil-
liam Wiit. The other names cited by the Sen-
ator simply follow Mr. Wirt; they say ditto to
Mr. Wirt. Therefore, if Mr. Wirt was wrong
they were all wrong, for I do not think that
any one of them, in the opinion that be gave,
added to the original authority of Mr. Wirt.
They added nothing in reason, in history, or
in exposition of any kind. I say, then, I must
carry you hack to the very text of the Consti-
tution, anterior to the opinion of Mr. Wirt;
and if I could get my learned friend from
Maryland to go back of Mr. Wirt, and just put
him face to face with this text of the Constitu-
tion, without Mr. Wirt as the torch to light the
way and then all these other torch-bearers after
him, I believe there can be no doubt how that
learned Senator must pronounce, because he
has in him too much knowledge of the Consti-
tution, too much knowledge of law, and too
much common sense to attach such a defini-
tion to that phrase as he now willingly adopts
on the authority of these names. 1 say from
the authorities of these names, not from the
text itself, and not from the reason of the ease.
Why, sir, what is the natural signification of
the term ? The language is:
"The President shall have power to fill up all va-
cancies that may happen during tile recess of the
Senate.''
"What is a vacancy? It is where the office is
empty; and that emptiness of the office must
come about, must occur, must fall in, if I may
so say, during the recess of the Senate. If it
does not occur during the recess of the Senate,
if it does not fall in during the recess of the
Senate, if it is all anterior to the recess of the
Senate, then, allow mo to remind the Senator,
it does not come within the text of the Consti-
tution. It is in vain for him to cite the author-
ity of Mr. Wirt and to give a new-fangled
definition to words which arc so plain as to
require no definition. We all know what the
phrase "may happen'' means. It is a com-
monplace phrase of every day use. Its signifi-
cation is perfectly plain. It must mean that
the vacancy in every respect completely must
occur during the recess of the Senate.
But now, sir, if I can have the attention of
my honorable friend from Maryland, allow me
to cite authority against authority. T should
prefer to treat this text on the basis of reason
alone. Looking at it through reason, independ-
ent of authority, T say the conclusion is clear;
but against the Senator's authorities 1 adduce
an authority which I know that Senator will
listen to with respect. I adduce the authority
of one of the founders of this Constitution, one
of the ablest of all those who assisted in build-
ing this frame of Government, and one of the
ablest also of those who assisted in its early
administration, the friend and companion of
G eneral W ashmgton in his first administration.
1 mean Alexander Hamilton, who was called
expressly to deal with this very question, and
who in advance has given the authority of his
name to that interpretation of the text which 1
have already shown reason requires. Now,
listen to what Alexander Hamilton said, in a
letter to James Mclienry, Secretary of War,
dated May 8, 1700:
"In m> opinion, vacancy is a relative term, and
presupposes {haf the oflic-c has been onoc filled. If
so, the power to fill <a vacancy i? not the power to
make an original appointment."
All that' ig clear. The Senator, of course,
will not dissent from that. Then he comes to
the precise point:
"The terms, whichmay have happened"—.
quoting the words of the Constitution'. *
Mr. JOHNSON. Does he say may liaye
happened ?"
Mr. SUMNER. He says " may haVe hap-
pened."
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not the precise
language.
Mr. SUMNER. _ It is not, bat is as he quotes
it. The Senator will see that the meaning must
bethe same, though the quotation may not be
strictly accurate. There is no difference which
disturbs the sense.
"The terms, which may have happened, servo to
confirm this construction. They iinpiycasualty, and
denote such as having been once filled have become
vacant by accidental, circumstances." ,
Then he goes on ; and now 1 must have the
attention of the Senator:
" It is clear that independently of the authority of
a special law the President cannot fill a vacancy that
happens during the session of the Senate."
'That will be found in the fifth volume of
Hamilton's Works, page 258. Noy, sir, I
adduce that as authority in reply to the au-
thority adduced by my honorable friend from
Maryland ; for he himself, from his very argu-
ment, I think, showed us that, independent of
authority, lie must be with us in our interpre-
tation of this language. I do not doubt that
if T eould carry my friend back of William
Wirt, and put him face to face with this text,
he would join with Hamilton, and, as I have
already said, with the reason of the case in
giving the same signification to this text which
wc do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move as an addition
to the amendment now pending the following:
"That no person exorcising or performing the du-
ties of any office which by law is required to be filled
by the advice and consent of the bonate. shall, till
he is confirmed by the Senate, receive any salary or
compensation for his services, unless he be commis-
sioned by the President to fill up a vacancy which
has begun to exist during the recess of the Senate
and since its last adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ There is, it is manifest,
a difference of opinion upon the question of
the pending amendment between members of
the Senate. This amendment would be just
as proper and just as effective offered as an
amendment to any of the appropriation bills.
It is more pertinent to the legislative bill
or the general civil appropriation bill than it
is to this appropriation bill. It is a subject
that has already excited some discussion and
clicited some difference of opinion. Now,
rather than choose between' the amendment
offered by the Senator from Illinois and that
offered by the Senator from Missouri, I sug-
gest to the Senate whether it would not be
better to let this subject drop now and let a
well-considered proposition be submitted as an
amendment to one of the other appropriation
bills. We must make some progress with the
various appropriation bills. This amendment
may just as well be considered at alater stage.
For ns now to choose between these different
propositions would be to prolong the discus-
sion ; and 1 think we had better let both of the
amendments drop and pass this appropriation
bill and let the amendment bo considered at
some future stage of our session. I make this
suggestion merely to expedite the business of
the Senate, for I do think we ought to pass
this bill to-day for we have a special order
to-morrow and there are other important
appropriation bills behind. I did hope that
this afternoon we could be able to take up the
Army appropriation bill and make some prog-
ress with it, but I have already despaired of
that. I hope the suggestion I now make will
be adopted.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I agree en-
tirely with the Senator from Ohio. I have
considered the law as pretty well settled, and
it had better remain as it is. If it is to be
determined by this body, if we are to make
a rule on the subject, we should take a little
more time for its considefatif n than we can
