1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was during the war, but they cannot show it as they
did then; and with regard to the freedmen there is
every disposition on their part to make them odious.
They constantly talk ol insurrection, insubordination,
thieving, idleness, and every species of crime and
vice; all of which I assure you is entirely false. They
are perfectly subordinate to every law, and, so far as
thieving is concerned, such an assertion is gratui-
tous or false, for alj cases of thieving, certainly, I am
sorry to say, are done by the whites."
I also read from another private letter:
"The clash of arms has subsided, the serried hosts
of rebels have been disbanded, and the huge para-
phernalia of war have been scattered; but, notwith-
standing these facts, the low mutterings of sullen dis-
content are yet heard, and the desire to persecute
and break down all truly loyal men is exhibited on
every hand with even more siy ferocity than while
the war of sections raged.
"We are residents of this city, each engaged in
public business, and consequently thrown into con-
tact with all classes of citizens. Hourly we hear de-
nunciations ot the Government and prayers tor the
removal of the mihtaiy. And why these denuncia-
tions and these prayers if the oath of allegiance had
been honestly taken to be sacredly observed? No,
gentlemen, the spirit of rebellion is not dead, and
will never die while Democratic leaders in the South
arc relieved of their treachery and turned loose to
stirup sedilionandtoincite rebellion. Theinenmake
loud protections of loyalty, and their press reverber-
ates the echo from hill and valley, but you have only
to read their fanfaronades on loyalty to satisfy your-
selves of the bittor hatred that fills their breasts
against the Union, and the burning hato with which
they will proceed to pour out the vials of their wrath
upon all Union men, when once they can secure scats
in Congress and get possession of the reins of State
government. In their hearts they cling as ardently
to State sovereignty as ever, and once give them the
power and they will tax the loyal people to the full
value of the slave property destroyed by the war.
Mark this prediction."
Another private letter from a person so sit-
uated as to be singularly well informed, thus
foreshadows a system of Peonage:
" The necessity of the courts is beyond all question.
Even with these courts it requires watchfulness to
protect the blacks. If they were left without these
courts the whites would keep them forever in bond-
age by keeping them in debt, and I am afraid that the
legislation of the States will be to the effect to estab-
lish here the Mexican system of Peonage by using
some very extraordinary terms to coerce 'hatched-
up' accounts against the blacks."
To this I might add indefinitely, exhibiting
the bad temper and disloyal spirit which pre-
vail throughout Virginia. Bayonets are no
longer flashing there; bullets are no longer
whizzing there ; but tlic traitorous soul that
inspired the rebellion still fills the State with
its malignant breath. Do not, I entreat you,
allow it to mlc.
From Virginia pass to North Carolina.
Here the testimony'is the same. During this
week I have seen Government officers who
have been in service, one of them since 18G3,
who report that it is not safe to speak one's
sentiments there; that liberty of speech does
not exist; that the freedmen, so far from being
lazy or remiss, are willing to work, but that
they are exposed to unutterable hardship and
cruelly. On these points the testimony is
explicit. A loyal resident of North Carolina
writes me as follows:
"I tell, you, sir, the only difference now and one
year ago is that the flag is acknowledged as supreme,
and there is some fear manifested, and they have no
arms.' The sentiment is the same. If anvthing
otherwise, more hatred exists toward the Govern-
ment. I know there is more toward Union men, both
black and -white."
More hatred toward the Union men, both
white and black, than there was one year ago !
Sueh is the condition of North Carolina.
Tn harmony with this is other tesiimony:
"Two women school-teachers who wore recently sent
from Wilmington to Fayetteville to establish a school
for colored children, were informedby the sheriff of the
county that they would not be allowed to start their
schools, nor would they be allowed to land: but they
might remain on the steamer until her return to Wil-
mington, inasmuch as they were women; if they were
men th cy wouklrcceivesuch treatment as was awarded
to such-meddlesome characters before the war.
#" Mr. Dickinson says that while ho was in Fayette-
yille a negro was strung up by the thumbs m the pub-
lic square and received forty-nine lashes from a civil
oikeer recently appointed by Governor Holdcn."
A "Wilmington paper makes the following
report: .
"General Ames, General Duncan, and Colonel Don-
nelson, have returned fiom an ofhciul viiit to Fay-
ettevilie, where they went to ascertain the truth of
the reports coming from there in regard to the treat-
ment of the colored people.
"Tho result of their viait substantiates the fact that
the negroes have been cruelly treated, not only by the
civilians, but also by the civil authorities there.
Two negroes were tied up and publicly whipped
b^ the shcrm, on the sentence of a magistrate.
Other negroes were tied up to trees and whipped,
and left tied to the Uees until a storm came up and
prostrated the trees, and the poor negroes fell with
them*
"Citizens exercised the authority of masters over
the negroes, and punished them at their will with such
seventy as to them seemed fit,
" It is even reported thatnegroeshave been killed in
the most cruel manner."
Bat why heap these instances? They might
be piled high; but why pain your hearts by such
an exhibition?
Prom North Carolina pass to South Car-
olina, where the testimony is, if possible, still
more explicit. The spirit of this rebel State,
still rebel in heart, appears in the well-known
letter from Wade Hampton, which I do not stop
to quote. It also appears in the frank speech
of James R. Campbell in the convention, from
which 1 read an extract:
"I believe that when our votes arc admitted into
that Congress, if we are tolerably wise, governed by
a moderate share of common sense, we will have our
own way. I amspeakingnownotto be reported. Wc
will have our own way yet, if we are truoto ourselves.
Wc know the past, we know not what is to be our
future. Arcwcnotin a condition to accept what we
cannot help ? Are wc not in a condition where it is
the _part of wisdom to wait and give what we cannot
avoid giving? i believe as surely as we are a people,
so surely, if wc are guided by wisdom, wc will by the
beginning of the next presidential election which is
all that is known of the Constitution—for when you
talk of the Constitution of the United States it means
tho presidential election and the shave of the spoils—
I believe then we may hold the balance of power."
That Mr. Campbell spoke according to the
sentiments of the prevailing politicians is at-
tested by a private letter which I have received
from a Government officer there who is so sit-
uated as to know the real condition of things.
I read extracts only:
"Tho speeches in convention and Legislature are
doubtless known to you, and the animvs pervading
all action of these bodies. Mr. Campbell expressed it
exactly. Let ns.do what we have to, as little as we arc
obliged to, get into Congress somehow, and then pay
off the scoie. One or two minor matters in this eon-
necf ton I mention a* showing how the current sets.
"1. Tho rlrciion j(.r membois of convention, 4th Sep-
tr/nber. Tho huoritos in every contested case were
tho,-x> ino-it prominent in secession proceedings of past
yeais. The majority of them did not take the am-
nesty oath." i . t . SJ-
Not even the prospect of securing a favorable rec-
ognition in Congress could «ecurethe election of any
man hunted with Unionism, in opposition to any can-
didate thoroughly established as an opponent to the
Government in past time.
"3. And yet, strange as it may seem, the people, by
which I mean the planters generally, exclusive of the
pnUu<.'utm, aie not s.tvagely disloyal, and this_ is one
main point to which X desire earnestly to testify. It
is a fact that the political working of the State is in
the hands ol one hundred and fiity to one hundred
and eighty men. It has taken me six months to ap-
preciate tho cntircnc&s of the fact, though of course I
had heard it stated.
"It seems to me a most providential opportunity
i* now offered to break up this mal-administration of
politics. The people among whom I move arc becom-
ing restive under present disadvantages, and criticise
shaiply the acts of the Legislature which seem to
dclav reconstruction. If the State is refused rep-
resentation m tlio present Congress, and the acts of
the State Legislature, its speeches, its Black Code, its
general fraction* and combative at titude. its spirit in
accepting the constitutional amendment and refusing
the annulment of secession ordinances; if, in aword,
it can bo shown that the long-recognized politicians
of the State have thoroughly damaged tho State by
taking hen out of the Union, and have also kept her
from t_oming in, thri c trill be <i )>olilical revolution in.
j th potato in las thont wo months. The rebels so promptly
1 pardoned by the President will meet no such com-
placency from tho people. I know this to be true;
am taucrht it anew every (.lay.
" If the State authority is to be recognized, and the
present Legislature triumph* by forcing the State
into the Union,! anticipate very dh a:-'trous conco~
qnencp*. The freed people are well enouch; theydo
not know as much as could he desired, but they know
quite a* much a* could be expected, and arc open to
. instruction. But that in-traction mu*t come from
j the Govci njiunf, /Jh out/It tic inilii^nj, untrammolcd by
! any fractious jobbing of State Legislatures. There is
j no coniidcncc on ihe prrt of the freed people in the
State; they oniv know the United States Govern-
ment, and no other will answer."
Here is a letter from a South Carolinian who
served in the rebel army, but who now sees the
error of his ways:
"1 am sorry to say Governor Orr's inaugural i'ester-
, day received no applause at all lrom the audience, its
i sentiments were too ("mon-loving for them. J am
soiry also to say that the South Carolinians generally
' entertain to a great extent their old ideas and preju-
; dice,; s-< disa.-troi{« of late to the State. One is almost
j compelled to think thev insanely wish to bring upon
| themselves more and greater mortifications. Witness
I the Yote given Hampton, who refused to be a candidate.
What an unwise display of afactious a&d discontented
spirit 1 Few seem willing to admit the simple prop-
osition that all causes of iil-feelingbetweeajNortaand
South have been settled by the arbitrament of ill©
sword, and wemustsubmitHineerely. They seek rather
to keep alive the ill-feeling thathas made us uhha&py
for so many years, and that ill-advised disposition, to
supervise the actions of the United State# Government.'
' If this war does not sett! e all issues, and settle them
forever, it will be because the General Government fails
to use the power it has obtained* I am as dear a lover
of South Carolina as any man in it, .and for thatrea-
tried hardest to break up the Government are,, im-
mediately they find themselves unsuccessful with iife
; swo rd, allowed to take seats in Congress and recommence
: the agitation with their tongues, and by their arguments
and votes. More inflammatory speeches loere not made in
1800 than have been delivered during the late canvass.
If examples are not made, if leading men are not made
to feel some ill effects from an unsuccessful attempt to
revolutionize, then agitation will never cease, but will be
kept up by ambitious men of mean talents who nan hope
to rise only in times of disorder or by operating upon
and influencing the passions of the multitude."
To cap the climax of this iniquity a body
of men calling themselves the Legislature, but
having small title to be considered a legal bod#,
have undertaken to pass a Black Code, separat-
ing the two races, in defiance of every principle
of Equality. Here is a provision which fastens
apprenticeship or serfdom in a new form upon
the unhappy freedman:
"Colored children between the ages mentioned
[eighteen and twenty-one] who have neither father
nor mother living in the dutrictin which they arcfound,
or whose parents arc paupers, or unable to afford them
a comfortable maintenance, or whose parents are not
teaching them habits of industry and honesty, or are per-
sons of notoriously bad character, or are vagrants, or
have been convicted of infamous offenses, and colored
children, in all cases where they are in danger of moral
contamination, may be bound a3 apprentices by the
district judge or one of the magistrates for the afore-
said term."
Under these words there is no colored minor
in the State who is safe for one moment from
a compulsory serfdom.
The lash is also prescribed as a means of
enforcing contracts. The lash once more is
to resound.
The planters at their public meetings have
given utteraneeto this same brutalspirit. Here
is a series of resolutions, where, after calling
for the withdrawal of the troops of the United
States, and after declaring themselves pledged
to the existing state of things, and that itistheir
honest purpose to abide thereby," they pro-
ceed as follows:
"Resolved, That if ineonsistentwiththeviewsof tho
authorities to remove the military, we express the
opinion that the plan of the military to coowel the
freedman to contract with his former owner, when
desired by the latter, is wise, prudent, and absolutely
necessary.
" llei>olved, That we, the planters of the district,
pledge ourselves not to contract with any freedman
unless hccan produceacertificateof rcgulardischarge
from his former owner.
" llcsolced, That under no circumstances whatsoever
will wc rent land to any frcedmen, nor will we per-
mit them to live on our premises as employes."
Thus is the freedman, whose liberty the Uni-
ted States are bound to maintain, to be handed
over to compulsory service, and under no cir-
cumstances is land to be rented to him. And
yet these people announce that they accept
the existing state of things and that it is their
honest purpose to abide thereby I
Prom South Carolina pass to Georgia, and
there is the same wretched story. The spirit
of the State appears in the language of Mr.
Simmons in the convention:
" Let us repudiate only under the lash and the ap-
plication of military power, and then, as soon as we
are an independent sovereignty, restored to our equal
light* and piivilegcs in tho Union, let us immediately
call another convention and resume the debt."
The testimony from various quarters shows
the same spirit. A recent writer, of unim-
peachable authority, now fitting as a reporter
in your galleries, thus testifies:
"In the stage between Augusta and Milledgcvillo
I rode with two gentlemen of considerable local weight
and prominence, who were both anti-sccessiomsts in
IStJO-Gl. They talked of the approaching convention,
and of its probable action in redisricting the State
for representatives. 4 Well, Colonel,' said the younger,
himself a man of over forty years—* Well, Colonel,
what will be our proper com sc when wc are once more
fully restoied to the Union V The answer came, after
amoment'sconsidcration. • ^TTe must strikehandsicith
the j)c' orriitir> parf>/ of the Xorth, and manage them as
we always hove.' There was a pause while we rattled
down the hill, and then the questioner responded,
' That is just it; they ivere ready enwdh to 0-ive us con-
