2118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
on an amendment springing up in this way. I
do not see that there is any necessity for de-
termining the matter just at the present time.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that we may get
rid of this appropriation bill. This question
may come just as well on some other appro-
priation bill.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator withdraws
the amendment we can do that.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts withdraw his mo-
tion for an executive session?
Mr. WILSON. The amendment proposed
by the Senator from Illinois will require some
farther examination and discussion, and if it
is to be pressed I certainly think we had better
not attempt to pass the bill to-day. We had
better let it go over and reflect upon it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to that course. I have another amendment
that I propose to offer to this bill, and perhaps
it is an amendment that ought to be printed
and that Senators would like to consider. I
do not desire to put myself in the way of the
passage of the appropriation bills. If it is
absolutely necessary, if the public service
requires that the bill should be passed imme-
diately, I shall not stand in the way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a bill for the next
fiscal year, and will not go into effect until
July next.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is what I sup-
posed, and therefore it is not at all necessary
that it should be hurried through immediately.
I desire to offer another amendment, to insert
the following-as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That in all cases
in which the incumbents of civil offices shall be per-
mitted to perform the duties of their respective offices
after their successors shall have been appointed and
confirmed bv the Senate, and after such successors
shall have offered to qualify as provided by law, such
incumbents shallnotbepaid any salary orothercom-
pensatioi), nor shall they be permitted to receive any
emoluments of office for services rendered after the
expiration of thirty days after the adjournment of
the session of the Senate at which the appointment
of their successors may be confirmed.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Illinois to the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask that the amend-
ment which I have just read may be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can only
be received by unanimous consent. The Chair
hearsno objection. The amendment is received,
and the order to print will be entered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That order to print, I
presume, will also include the amendment that
I offered.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I also propose offering
an amendment, and I may as well offer it at
this time. It is to come in at the end of the
first section.
Mr. WADE. I also offer an amendment,
to be added as an additional section, with a
view to have it printed when the bill comes up
again.
executive session.
Mr. WILSON. I renew the motion for an
executive session.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business ; and, after some time spent therein,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 23, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. George F. Maoocn, President of Iowa
College.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated as the regular order
of business the calling of the committees for
reports to go upon the Calendar, and not to be
brought back into the House on a motion to
reconsider, commencing with the Committee
of Elections.
No reports were made.
EIGHT-HOPE SYSTEM.
The SPEAKER. Thenext business in order
is the calling of the States and Territories for
resolutions, the pending question being upon
the resolution offered on Monday last by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ixgersoll.]
On the demand for the previous question on
Monday, no quorum voted. A motion to lay
the resolution on the table was lost, and the
question now recurs on seconding the demand
for the previous question.
The resolution was read, as follows :
Whereas it is one of the paramount duties of all
legislative bodies to lighten as much as possible the
burdens resting upon the laboring classes and pro-
mote the general welfare: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Hnvse nj Representatives, That
the Committee for the District of Columbia be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing by law the eight-hour system, as it is called, as
constituting a day's work in the District of Colum-
bia, and that said committee be authorized to report
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. I see my colleague
is not in ; can it be informally laid over?
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object. There are
other resolutions to be offered; I want to get
SGVGr&l 111.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. If the previous ques-
tion is not seconded, will the resolution go over?
The SPEAKER. It would not under the
rule.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I propose to
debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. This is not the day of its
introduction; therefore rising to debate it does
not carry it over.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
evening session on tuesday.
Mr. BID WELL offered the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the House will hold a session to-
morrow (Tuesday) evening, the 24th, commencing at
half past seven o'clock, fur the purpose of hearing
reports from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. PRICE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House agreed to the resolution ;
and to lay that motion on the table.
The question having been put on laying the
motion on the table, no quorum voted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from California [Mr. Bidwell]
what particular object he has in holding a
session to-morrow evening.
Mr. PRICE. I will answer that question.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad has
not been called for two months, and from the
course of business it will be two months longer
before it will be called. Some members will
have to be absent in a few days, and the com-
mittee are very desirous of making a report.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do the
committee want an evening session for the
purpose of passing their bills?
Mr. PRICE. For the purpose of acting
upon them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I consider
thesePacific railroad bi-lis as most important,
granting as they do some sixty million dol-
lars, and I trust that this House will not con-
sider them in an evening session. There is no
necessity for evening sessions now. The House
is far ahead of the Senate, and I trust we will
consider this matter only when the committee
is called in order for reports.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the resolution ad-
mit the construction that action is to be taken
on the bill to-morrow night?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I ask the Chair
whether the proper construction of that resolu-
tion is that a bill may be put upon its passage
when reported to-morrow evening.
The SPEAKER. It may, under the rule,
as found in the Digest, which states that con-
sent to report a biil carries with it the right to
consider the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand that; yet
I should think that leave being asked to hear
reports of a committee hardly conveyed to the
House fairly the idea that we were to be called
on to vote on the passage of the bills when
reported.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not so understand it
now. I understand the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] to have meant nothing more than
to bring these bills before the.House and have
them postponed until a proper time for consid-
eration.
Mr. PRICE. My intention was that these
bills should be acted upon to-morrow night, if
the House agreed to the resolution. And, Mr.
Speaker, I see no force in the objection of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbcrne] or
that of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Coxklikg.] If it is proper to act upon these
bills at any time, they can be acted upon to-
morrow just as well as three months hence.
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad has
not been called for two months; and in the
course of the regular call of committees that
committee will not, in all probability, be called
for two months to come. I have said to the
House, and I say again, that there are some
members of the committee who wish to be
absent for a few days, and who do not feel at
liberty to be absent until this committee has
been called.
Now, the call of a committee for reports in-
volves the necessity of acting upon the reports
when made, although, as a matter of course,
the bills reported may be postponed by the
House until a day certain.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will read the
rule, on page 58 of the Digest:
" The right to report at any time carries withyttho
right to consider the matter when reported/ And
where authority is given to a committee to make a
report at a particular time, the right follows to con-
sider the report when made."
Mr. PRICE. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
from Iowa. [Mr. Price,] that he consent, or if
necessary put it into the resolution, that, al-
though the bills may be discussed, yet no vote
shall be taken upon them to-morrow night.
Mr. PRICE. I have no objection to that, if
the vote can be taken 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to inquire into what position a bill would be
left if it should be discussed to-morrow night
without a vote being taken.
The SPEAKER. It would come up the next
morning as unfinished business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. By that
means, then, the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad would come in ahead of all other com-
mittees. I object to that, as it would be unfair
to other committees. The Committee on Com-
merce, having very important business to re-
port, has not had an opportunity to do so for
some weeks.
Mr. PRICE. It is a little too late now for
the gentleman from Illinois to object, and I will
say to him that the very reason why I desire
to have to-morrow night fixed for the hearing
of reports from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad was that it would not interfere with
any other business.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
is not debatable, and the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldridoe] objects to debate.
On themotion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was agreed to, there were—ayes 40, noes 33.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
The j'eas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 40, notvoting
82 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Dclos It.
