1L58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
not lie down on my bed at night with a clear con-
science it'I had been guilty of being engaged asapar-
ticinant in robbing a portion of the pconle of this
country of millions of dollars invested under the Con-
stitution in pioporty in negroes, property which was
recognized by our re/oliu ionury fathers, and for the
protection of which they fought as much as for any-
thing else."
Now. sir, in this very speech, in which he
tells us he is willing to go as far a&uiybody in
securing the rights of life, liberty, a™ property
to the negro, he also devoutly thanks his God
that his conscience is clear and he can sleep
quietly at night because he did not vote to give
the negro his freedom.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a suggestion at this point?
Mr. WINDOM. Certainly.
Mr. TIIAYBR. The gentleman will recall
the dialogue, and he will see that it was the
question of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Nimi.acic] rather than my question which dis-
comfited the gentleman from New Jersey. [ Mr.
Rogeus. ] The question of the gentleman from
Indiana was why the gentleman from New Jer-
sey had not voted against that amendment
abolishing slavery.
Mr. WINDOM. I think that question gave
the gentleman from New Jeisey radier more
trouble than the question of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. But it was the answer to the
question of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
which 1 desired more particularly to read and
bring into juxtaposition with this grand decla-
ration of love of freedom made in the opening
part of his speech.
1 do this for I lie purpose of showing how
much !he Democracy really love liberty. They
sav (hey will go to any length to give liberty
to the slave, but whenever there has been an
amendment proposed to the Constitution to
accomplish that end, they thank God that their
consciences are clear and they can sleep soundly
o' nights because tliev did not vote for it.
Before 1 pass from this speech of the gentle-
man from New Jersey I desire tosay tha' i was
inlbimrd at the lime that he was pledged to
vote for It, liut that be was sick when it was
passed, and was not. here. I know not how that
may be, and do not care.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to exphiim?
Mr. \VI\IH)\[. Most certainly.
Mr. ROGERS. Thai is an utterly false state-
ment, without one particle of truth 111 it. And
whoever made such a statement as that to the
genlleman from Minnesota [Mr. Wixiio.m] ut-
ters what, lie knows to be a deliberate false-
hood. I nc\or agreed, directly or indirectly,
to vole for llial constitutional amendment. I
made a speech here against it, and if 1 had been
able to be here I should have voted against it
when it passed, as I did the winter before in
this very Hall, when the very same amendment
was under consideration.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 do not, know how that
maybe; of course 1 accept the gentleman's
explanation,
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman from
Minnesota allow me !o make a brief remark?
Mr. WINDOM. Yes, sir.
Mr. NI BLACK. As my name has been
brought into this discussion, 1 wish to say, that
in addressing my interrogator) yesterday to the
geiillemau from Ni-w Jersey, 1 desired simply to
afford I hat gent ieman an opportunity io ex phi in
the circtimsianees under which he failed lo vote
against tiie constitutional amendment then re-
ferred to, as there had been some comment at
the time upon the fact that he, with other prom-
inentgentlemen. had failed to vote on that ques-
tion. 1 had 110 doubt, that the gentleman had
a very good reason, and 1 wanted to give him
an opportunity to state it. As the great con-
sideration with which he has been treated by
the Speaker in the appointment of our com-
mittees,as well as the constant remaiks of gen-
tlemen on the other side, would seem to imply
that the gentleman from New Jersey is our
'•leader, we. desire to have him stand rectus
m curia upon this and all other questions.
I only regret that the gentleman was not able
to give us more particularly and in detail the *
reasons why he did not vote on that subject.
I myself never doubted that he had good rea-
sons, and 1 wanted those reasons understood,
especially as we on this side stand committed
before the House and the country for all that
he says upon this and all other questions. I
trust that the gentleman appreciates my mo-
tives.
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot yield for any fur-
ther remarks 011 this point. I will leave the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. NiblackJ and the
gentleman from New Jersey to settle questions
of this kind between themselves.
I apprehend, Mr. Speaker, that if gentlemen
on the other side continue to carry out the
principles which have governed their votes
during the last four years they will soon be each
and every one of them so heartily ashamed of
having ever belonged to that party that they
will wisely drop all questions with reference to
leadership. Therefore I will not now interfere
in this quarrel.
Mr. NIBLACK. Wiil the gentleman allow
me one further remark?
Mr. WINDOM. Yes, sir. _
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire simply to say that
we on this side do not need any "leader.''
There aie not enough of us. [Laughter.]
'I hereforc c\ery man cariies on a kind of
guerrilla light. I trust that in this remark I
shall be understood as implying 110 diseouit-
e-y toward the gentleman from New Jersey.
Mr. SPALDING. I trust there is no jeal-
ousy ofthe gentleman from New Jersey because
he neeupii'S a preeminent position.
Mr, N 11} LACK. I may say to gentlemen 011
the other side that, even without a leader we
shall perhaps be able lo surround and capture
them, wilh the help we may obtain from other
quarters, before the present Congress expires.
liut jesting apart, we 011 this side, especially
those of 11s who are in the habit of talking con-
siderable ourselves, do feel very keenly this
constant talk about the gentleman from New
Jersey being our " leader." It does provoke
our jealousy in away that is very unpleasant.
[Laughter. |
Mr. ROGERS. That is the object of such
talk.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope, therefore, gentle-
men will not persist in making the gentleman
from New Jersey so prominent ut the expense
of the rest of us on this side of the House.
Mr. Wl NrD() M. I am very glad, Mr. Speaker,
dull the gentleman from Indiana has made this
explanation. It convinces me that there are
al least two or three gendemeu 011 the other
side wdio do not recognize this leadership. It
also enlightens us 011 another point. The gen-
lleman has said that members on that side do
not waul, a leader, because they only carry on
a kind of guerrilla warfare. That explains why
gentlemen on that side voted at the last session
of Congress against the bill to punish guerril-
las. [Laughter.!
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman from
Minnesota will permit me, I desire to ask the
penlleman from Indiana to define more partic-
ularly what, he means wdien he speaks of ob-
taining '■ help from other quarters."
Air. NIBLACK. 1 mean defections in your
own ranks.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 suppose the gentleman
would vole for a bill to encourage desertions
and not lo punish guerrillas. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINDOM. 1 wish to make, .another
extract, from the speech of the gentleman from
New Jersey. He said, "If you pass this bill
you will allow negroes to compete for the high
ofiieo of the President of the United States."
You will actually allow them to compete for
the Presidency of the United States! As for
this fear which haunts the gentleman from New
Jersey, if there is a negro in the country who
is so far above all the. white men of the coun-
try that only four millions of his own race can
elect him President of the United States over
tn enty-six millions of wdiiie people, I think we
ought to encourage such talent in the country.
•Sir. the gentleman has far less confidence in
the white race than I have if he is so timid in
regard to negro competition. Does he really
suppose that black men are so far superior to
white men that four millions of them can elect
a President of their own race against the wishes
of thirty millions of ours? Ever since I knew
anything of the party to which the gentleman
belongs it has entertained this same morbid
fear of negj  competition, and sometimes I
have thought that if we were to contemplate
the subject from their stand-point we would have
more charity than we do for this timidity and
nervous dread which haunts them. I beg leave,
however, to assure the gentleman that tbere is
not the slightest danger of electing a black
President., and that he need never vole for one
unless he thinks him better fitted for the office
than a white man.
1 wish now to refer to some of the positions
assumed by the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Air. Ei.ihiiduk,] who has just taken his seat,
lie hopes the negro question is at rest, and that
we shall hear no more of it. Let, me say to him
that question never will rest until this nation does
justice to the negro and every other citizen in it.
He says it overrides the State laws, and is there-
fore unconstitutional. I believe the gentleman
from Wisconsin is at present one of the most
earnest indorsers of the policy of the President
of the United States. 1 believe, sir, that the
entire party 011 the other side of this Chamber
indorse fully the policy of the President of
the United States, wdio has found it necessary
through his general in Virginia to override one
of the laws passed by that State affecting the
negro. I ask, then, how they can consistently
indorse that policy and at the same time declare"
a law of Congress is unconstitutional which does
the same thing?
liut perhaps the gentleman claims that as
these States have not yet been admitted to rep-
resentation in Congress they are under military
rule. I think lie also claims that those States
are in the Union and alwajs have been in the
Union. Then the President of the United
States has 110 more right to override the laws
of Virginia now tban-when her Representatives
were upon this floor. I ask if it is consistent
to claim this bill as unconstitutional when gen-
tlemen indorse the President of the United
Stales, who overrides the laws of a State in
time of peace by military order? I indorse the
President in setting aside those iniquitous laws
of Virginia, and I believe this bill is constitu-
tional.
^ Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 believe the States lately
111 rebellion are 111 the Union and were never
out of it. I believe they attempted to go out
and failed. I do indorse the President's policy '
of reconstruction. 1 beliete if is the best policy
which can lie adopted under the circumstances
for the restoration of those States to their proper
places and functions in the Union. 1 indorse
none of the President's unconstitutional acts if
ho lias committed any. I indorse him where
, he is right and oppose him where he is wrong.
That is my position in regard to these questions.
I do not indorse any unconstitutional act of
any President or other officer of the Govern-
ment. if the President has done any act for-
bidden by the Constitution, he has done that
upon his own responsibility.
Air. WINDOM. Do you indorse that act of
the President setting aside the vagrant laws of
Virginia?
Air. ELD RIDGE. I do not indorse that act.
Air. WINDOM. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Air. Ei.drtdgf.] finds an objection to
this bill in that clause which he says offers a
bribe to the officers for the execution of the
law, and he asks if any other such law has over
been passed. I think I can enlighten the gen-
tleman. I point him to a law which is certainly
quite as had as he says this is, namely, the fugi-
tive slave law.
Sir. ELDRIDGE. I beg pardon; I did not
ask any such question in regard to that law.
Air. "WIXDOAI. The gentleman certainly
made the objection to this bill that it did offsr
a bribe.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did that;
