1866.
THE COffGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WINDOM. And now I propose to show
him another law that offers a bribe.
3Ir. ELDRIDGE. I know well what the
gentleman refers to. «
Mr. WINDOM. By the provisions of the
fugitive slave law the commissioner who tried
the case and returned the slave to his master
got ten dollars, but if he did not return him he
got only five dollars. And yet the entire Dem-
ocrat ic party, with which thegentleman acts, has
always, I believe, indorsed that law; and if I
am not mistaken the gentleman himself in-
dorsed it, for he voted in the last Congress
against its repeal. There certainly has been
no law which the Democratic party has com-
mended more than that same fugitive slave law,
and since I have been in Congress the south-
ern wing of the party declared the non-exccu-
tion of it as sufficient cause to disrupt this
Union.
- But. sir, I desire to address a few remarks
more directly to the bill.
The broad and comprehensive justice of this
measure is disclosed in its title, '' A bill to pro-
tect all persons in the United States in their
civil rights and furnish the means of their vin-
dication." This, I believe, is one of the first
efforts made since the formation of the Gov-
ernment to give practical effect to the principles
of the Declaration of Independence ; one of the
first attempts to grasp as a vital reality and em-
body in the forms of law the great truth that
all men are created equal and endowed by the
Creator with the inalienable rights of life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness. If there be
anv reasonable objection to the bill, it is that it
"does not go far enough. It assumes only to
protect civil rights, and leaves the adjustment
and protection of political rights to future
legislation. But, so far as it does go, it is,
in my opinion, in strict conformity with the
spirit and design of the grand old architects
who, when they laid the foundations of our
republican edifice, made these rights of human
nature the chief conier-stone. Had this design
been followed by those who built the super-
structure we might have been spared the deso-
lation and bloodshed of the last five years.
A true republic rests upon the absolute equal-
ity of rights of the whole people, high and low,
rich and poor, white and black. Upon this,
the only foundation which can permanently en-
dure, we professed to build our Republic ; but
at the same time we not only denied to a large
portion of the people equality of rights, but we
robbed them of every right known to hurnau
nature.
Now that the armed power of the rebellion
has been crushed, the duty is upon us to so
reconstruct the Government as to avoid this
grand mistake of the past. Our warrant for
the passage of this bill is found in the genius
and spirit of our institutions ; but not in theie
alone*. Fortunately .the great amendment which
broke the shackles from every slave iu the land
contains an express provision that—
" Coriu'i c:— shall have power tu cnforcc tills article
by apiiropriato legislation."
When this amendment was acted upon, it
was well understood, as it is now, that although
the body of slavery might be destroyed, its
spirit would still live in the hearts of those who
have sacrificed so much for its preservation,
and that if the freedmen were left to the ten-
der mercy of their former masters, to whose
heartless selfishness lias been superadded a
malignant desire for vengeance upon the ne-
gro for having aided us in crushing the rebel-
lion, his condition would be more intolerable
than it was before the war. And hence the
broad grant of power was made to enable Con-
gress to enforce the spirit as well as the letter
of the amendment. Now, sir, in what way is
it proposed to enforce it? By denying to any
ou  man a single right or privilege which he
cotud otherwise constitutionally or properly
enjoy? No. By conferring on any one per-
son or class of persons a single right or im-
munity which every other person may not pos-
sess ? By no means. Does it give to the loyal
negro any preference over the recent would-
be-assassins of the nation? Not, at all. It
merely declares that hereafter there shall be
no discrimination in civil rights or immunities J
among the citizens of any State or Territory i
of the United States on account of race, color,
or previous condition of slavery, and that
every person, except such as are excluded by
reason of crime, shall have the same right to
enforce contracts, to sue. be parties, and give
evidence, to inherit, purchase, sell, hold, and
convey real and personal property, and to full
and equal benefit of all laws and proceedings
for the security of person and property, and
shall be subject to like punishment, pains, and
penalties, and to none other.
In other words, it declares that henceforth
the perjured white traitor shall have no civfl
rights or immunities which are denied to the
black patriot; that the colored soldier, who has
worn the uniform of the Republic and periled
his life for its defense, shall have an equal right,
nothing more, with the white rebel yet reek-
ing with the blood of our murdered defenders ;
to make and enforce contracts, to give evi-
dence in court, and to hold and enjoy real and
personal property; that in laws and proceed-
ings for the security of person and property,
and for the punishment of offenses, no discrim-
ination shall be made in favor of traitors, be-
cause they are white and have always been
petted and pampered by the Government, as
against patriots because they are black and
have always been held in cruel and degrading
bondage. This-is substantially all the bill be-
fore u-i proposes to accomplish. It does not. as
I have already said, confer the privilege of voting,
for that is a political right, and not included
iu the bill. It does not attempt to confer on
the freedmen social privileges. It merely pro-
vides safeguards to shield them from wrong and
outrage, and to protect them in the enjoyment
of that lowest right of human nature, the right
to exist. Its object is to secure to a poor, weak
class of laborers the right to make contracts
for their labor, the power to enforeo the pay-
ment of their wages, and the means of holding
and enjoying the proceeds of their toil.
Who can deny them this? To do so would
be to repudiate utterly the pledges we made in
the day of our sore trial, and would justly merit
the scorn and contempt of mankind. Wc know,
and the whole world kiwws, that when in the
hour of our extremity we called upon the black
race to aid us, we promised theni not liberty
only, but all that that word liberty implies. All
remember how unwilling we were to d(Any-
thing which would inure to the benefit ol the
negro. I recall with shame the fact that when
fivo years ago the so-called Democracy—now
Iigvptians—were here in this capital, in the
White House, in the Senate, and on this floor,
plotting the destruction of the Government, and
we were asked to appease them by sacrificing
the negro, two thirds of both Houses voted to
rivet his chains npon him so long as the Itepub-
lic should endure. A widening chasm yawned
between the free and slave Stales, and we looked
wildly around for that wherewith it might be
closed. In our extremity we seized upon the
negro, bound and helpless, and tried to east him
in. But an overruling Providence heard the
cries of the oppressed and hurled his oppress-
ors into that chasm by hundreds of thousands
until the whole land was filled with mourning-
vet still the chasm yawned. In our anguish and
terror we felt that the whole nation would be
speedily ingulfed in one common ruin. It
was then that The great emancipator and savior
of his country, Abraham Lincoln, saw the dan-
ger and the remedv, and seizing four million
bloody shackles he wrenched them from their
victims, and standing with these broken man-
acles in his hands upraised toward heaven, ho
invoked the blessingof the God of the oppressed,
and cast them into the fiery chasm. 1 hat otter-
ing was accepted and the chasm closed.
Ifthe Governmentreluctantly adopted eman-
cipation as a means of its own salvation, it was
not because 11:0:-e in authority did not sym-
pathize with the slave, and love liberty, but
because the old prejudices were still strong1,
and it was feared that it might exasperate
our enemies. ^ During the first year of tlie
war it was believed that the South could be
conciliated ; and hence to gratify rebels in
arms we spurned the slave from our Camps j
and when he came into our linos to give into'r-
mation concerning the enemy, he was .sent
back to his rebel master to be scourged, and
sometimes murdered, for his loyalty to oar
cause. He was plainly told that the war was
not waged for his benefit, or for his emanci-
pation, and that if we could save the Union
by preserving slavery we would do so. All
this we did to conciliate the master and to
avoid "firing the southern heart." Finally,
when it was decided to accept the proffered
services of the blacks, and to permit them to
aid in fighting our battles, we were still un-
willing to do them full justice; and they en-
tered "the Army with less pay than white sol-
diers, and without any of that protection which
the laws of war accord to belligerents. The
black soldier knew full well when he was en-
rolled in the Army it was with a halter aboat
his neck, and that if taken prisoner no quar-
ter would bo shown him.
Yet, notwithstandingthe.se discouragements
and disadvantages they heard the nation'sprom-
ise to the race, made in the proclamation of
emancipation, and trusting to the nation's honor
to make good its pledges, two hundred thousand
strong arms seized the musket, and two hun-
dred thousand dusky heroes grappled with the
foe. Nobly have they performed their part,
and largely have they contributed to our vic-
tory. They come to us now and demand the
fulfillment of our promise. They ask us by
this bill for that protection of person and prop-
erty without which liberty is a solemn mockery. -
They implore us to give them the right to live
and "to enjoy the fruits of their own labor, and
in answer to these just demands, sanctioned by
a most solemn compact, they are told that they
must look to their State laws for protection,
and that this is a "white man's Government."
Sir, when a few months ago we saw our depleted
battle-riven ranks filling with stalwart negroes,
we forgot for a time that this was a "white
man's Government," and even the Egyptians
on the other side of this Chamber began to think
that a black man had, after all, some rights
which a white man was bound to respect. W hen
we heard of the fiendish massacre at Fort Pil-
; low there were some radical enough to believe
that civil and even political rights might be
almost as safely and properly lodged in the hands
of the loyal African as in the hands of Forrest
and his band of murderers.
When the reports from Port Hudson and
Fort Wagner thrilled all loyal hearts by the
recital of the hcroie deeds ol the black soldier,
we were not reminded that it the negro were
permitted to enjoy the same rights under the
Government his valor helped to save that are
possessed by the perjured traitors who sought
us destruction, it would "lead to a war oS
races." Oh no! Then we were in peril, and
felt grateful even to the negro, who stood be-
tween us and our enemies. Then, our only
hope of safety was in the brave hearts and strong
arms of the soldier at the front. Nov/, since
by the combined efforts of our brave soldiers,
white and black, the military power of the South
lias been overtlnown, and her Representatives
are as eager to resume their places on this floor
as five years ago they were to quit them for a
11 place in the rebel army, we are told that hav-
|i ing been victorious it becomes a great nation
11 like ours to be magnanimous. I answer, it is
i; far more becoming to be just. I am willing to
ij carrv my magnanimity to the verge of justice,
I but not one step beyond. I will ^ with lnm
j: who goes furthest in acts of generosity toward
our former enemies? uuloss those acts will bo
!; prejudicial to ourfriends. But when ) ou ad visa
j 1 me to sacrifice those who have stood by \is dux*-
, iuo-the war in order to conciliate unrepentant
rebels whose hearts still burn with ill-suppressed
j! hatred to tbo Government, I ncorn your counsel,
j! But do the freedmen need the protection
II which this bill proposes to give t The Prest-
