1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2119
Ashley, Baker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall,
Bundy, l>awes, Defrees, Deming, Donnelly, Drigsrs,
JFcny, Grinnell, Henderson, Higby, Holmes, Asahel
"W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Long-
year, McKeo, Mclluer, Miller, Moorhead, Morris,
Moulton, Myers, Orth, Patterson, Pcrham, Plants,
Price, John H. Rice, Rogers, Rollins, Schenck, Smith,
Stevens, Thayer, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Warner,
William B. Washburn, Wentworth, James P. wil-
son, Windom, and Woodbridge—61.
NAYS—Alcssis. Ancona, Boyer, Chanler, Reader
W. Clarke, Conlding, Delano, Dixon, Eggleston, Eld-
ridge, Eliot, Farquhar, Finck, Glossbrenner, Good-
year, Hale, Aaronilarding, AbnerC. Harding, Hayes,
Chester D. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, James M.
Humphrey, Jenckes, Julian, Latham, Marshall, Mc-
Cullough, Mercur,Paine,Ritter, Ross,Scofield,Shank-
lin, Sitgrcaves, Spaldin?, Taber, Taylor, Francis
Thomas, Trowbridge, Ward, and Elihu B. Wash-
burne—40.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, James M.Ashley,
Baldwin, Banks, Barker, Bergen, Blaine, Brandegee,
Buck! and, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Cook, Oul-
lora, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Denison,Dodge,
Dumont, Eckley, Farnsworth, Gai field, Gridcr, Gris-
wold, Harris, Hart, Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Hotehkiss,
Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, James Humphrey, Ingersoil, Johnson, Jones,
Kasson, Kclley, Kelso, Kerr, Le Blond, Lynch, Mars-
ton, Marvin, McClurg, Mclndoc, Morrill, Newell,
Niblack. Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Phelps, Pike,
Pomeroy, Radlord, Samuel J. Randall, Wuliam H.
Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, Rousseau,
Sawyer, Shellabarger, Sloan, Starr, Stihvell, Strousc,
JohnL. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Van Aernam,
RobertT. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Welker,
Whaley, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Winfield, and
Wright—82.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
custom-house frauds, etc.
Mr. HIGBY submitted the following resolu-
tion, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
liesotved, That the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures be instructed to investigate the compromises
ot frauds upon the revenue which are alligedto have
taken place m connection with the custom-house at
Boston, and to ascertain what disposition has been
made of the moneys paid under such compromises;
also, (o investigate such other alleged frauds upon the
customs or internal revenue as they may deem advis-
able, and whether any vexatious suits have been
commenced against importers and others brought or
instigated by any person or persons connected with
the customs or internal revenue service in the cities
of Boston or New York; and that the committee be
authorized to send for poisons and papers; and if,
in their judgment, it shall bo necessary and most
economical to take testimony in Boston or New York
by suchmembersof thecommitteeastheymaydesig-
nate, not expecding five in number, such designated
members of'the committee may have leave to sit dur-
ing the recess of Congress for the purpose of such
investigation, and with the aforesaid powers and
authority.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. of Illinois. That res-
olution embraces very broad powers. If the
subject is to be investigated at all, it ought
to be investigated by a special committee
appointed for that specific purpose.
Mr. HIGBY. I have demanded the pre-
vious question on the resolution.
Mr. CHANLE&. This .resolution touches
large commercial interests. The gentleman
from California is undoubtedly in earnest in
this investigation. v
The SPEAKER. If debate arises on the
resolution, it goes over under the rule.
Mr. CHANLER. Well, I wish to debate
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia has demanded the previous question.
Mr. CHANLER. Can the gentleman yield
the floor under that call?
The SPEAKER. He cannot. A single
objection would take the resolution over.
Mr. HIGBY. If the House would permit
me to send a paper to the Clerk's desk and
allow it to be read for information, I think gen-
tlemen would change their minds about this
resolution.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to debate unless
the gentleman withdraws the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
not press the demand for the previous question
upon a resolution like this and allow no one to
be heard upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise for information.
I would inquire if it is not in order, as a mat-
ter of right, for the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Higby,] in offering this resolution, to
have read any papers that accompany it.
The SPEAKER. It is not; that is in the
nature of debate.
Mr. DAWES. It is due to the character
and object of the resolution that it should not
be passed under the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to debate.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the previous question
will not be sustained.
The question was put on seconding the
demand for the previous question; and there
were—ayes 17, noes 48; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Higby
and Chaxler were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 35, noes 62.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to debate the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution goes
over under the rule.
combustible materials.
Mr. McRCJER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Rexolvccl, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the subject of the storageand
transpoitation of combustible and explosive mate-
rials, and to report at any time, by bill or otherwise,
what measures, if any, are necessary to secure better
protection to life and property.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to say that after the morning hour 1 shall ask
the attention of the House to that very subject
from the Committee on Commerce.
a g ttic ultutt a t, dtc p k htm ext.
Mr. DONNELLY submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Whereas one great object contemplated in the es-
tablishment of the Agricultural Department was the
distribution of valuable seeds and plants among the
people ot the United States; Therefore,
Hesohcd, That the Committee on Agriculture be
directed to inquire into the money value of the quota
of seeds and plants received by the members of Con-
gress from the Department; what pioportion the
same holds to the whole appropriation for that pur-
pose; whether a much larger quota could not be ob-
tained by advertisement and contracts with the gar-
deners and nurserymen of the country; and generally
what steps are necessary to increase the efficiency of
the Agricultural Department.
reconstruction— tennessee.
Mr. LATHAM submitted tlie followingpre-
amble and resolutions:
Whereas the committee on reconstruction has
reported that the people of Tennessee are found to
be in acondition to exercise the iunctions of a State
within this Union; and whereas, by the information
received through the investigations of said commit-
tee and through other channels, it is the sense of this
House that the people of said State are entitled to
representation herein: Therefore,
Hesohed by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That the committee on reconstruc-
tion be, and the same is hereby, relieved from the
further consideration of allmatters pertaining to the
representation of the State of Tennessee in this
House.
llesolved, That the credentials of the Represent-
atives-elect from said State be, and the same are
hereby, referred to the Committee of Elections, with
leave to report at any time, and with instructions
to report as soon as practicable upon the elections,
returns, and qualifications of each of said Represent-
ativ es-elect.
Mr. BROOMALL. I would ask if that does
not go to the committee on reconstruction with-
out debate.
Mr. LATHAM. The resolution is to relieve
the committee from the further consideration
of the subject so far as the State of Tennessee
is concerned.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will examine
the resolution.
Mr. BROOMALL. I hold that the concur-
rent resolution of the two Houses cannot be
repealed in this way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would rul  that
the first resolution offered by the gentleman
from West Virginia. [Mr. Latham,] being a con-
current resolution , is in order. But the second
resolution, being a simple resolution of the
-House, would not be in order at present. If
the first resolution should be concurred in by
the Senate, being a concurrent resolution, then
the committee on reconstruction would be
required under it to report back tire credentials
of Pucpresentatives-elect from Tennessee ; and
then the House would take such action as they
pleased in regard to them.
Mr. LATHAM. I will withdraw the second
resolution.
Mr. BROOMALL. Can that be done now?
_ The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to withdraw his resolution or to modify it
before any vote has been taken.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand the Speaker to say that if the Senate
should concur in the resolution then this com-
mittee on reconstruction would be discharged
from the further consideration of the creden-
tials in question. I rise to a point of order,
that the Senate has nothing to do with creden-
tials of members-elect to this House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The resolution reads, "the
Senate concurring," and the gentleman who
offered it has thus submitted it as a concurrent
resolution.
Mr. BROOMALL. Is that resolution in
order under this call?
The SPEAKER. It is. A resolution of
the House can be rescinded by a subsequent
resolution of the House, introduced by any
member under the . egular call of the States.
But this is aconcurrent resolution, and though
offered in order, requires by its language the
action of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to a question of
order.
The whole subject of the resolution having
been referred to a committee, I allude to the
joint committee and to the joint action of the
two Houses, and that committee not having
asked to be discharged, and the time to re-
consider the reference having passed, it is not
now in order, by a new resolution, passed by
a mere majority, and not under a suspension
of the rules, to bring the matter back into the
House for consideration. If the point of order
is not supported by the ground I have stated,
I submit another ground.
The committee having possession of this sub-
ject has made a report to the House. That
report is still pending. A motion to recom-
mit the report was adopted, but a motion to
reconsider the recommittal was entered and
still stands. This arrested the subject on its
way back to the joint committee, and left it
before the House. Thus it is out of order to
discharge the committee of the subject, be-
cause the House and not the committee has
possession of it now. It cannot be brought up
in the manner proposed.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order for the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Coxkling] to make a
speech now?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman from New York has not
gone bej'ond fullv stating the point of order.
Mr. ROSS. He seemed to me to be making
quite a speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
first part of the point of order, and sustains the
second part, which is that the committee on
reconstruction have reported on the creden-
tials from Tennessee; that the report was
recommitted to that committee, and that, while
a motion to reconsider is pending, the report
is before the House and not before the com-
mittee. The question in regard to Tennessee
is not before the committee on reconstruction,
but before the House.
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a point of order.
Has not the report of the committee in regard
to Tennessee been recommitted ?
The SPEAKER. It has: but the motion
to reconsider is pending, which arrests the
action of the House.
Mr. FINCK. Is it not always in the power
of the House to discharge a committee ? _
The SPEAKER. It is, if the matter is be-
fore the committee;, but, as stated by the
