1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
dent informs us in his message vetoing the
Freedmen's Bureau bill, a kindred, measure to
this, that—
"He should be protected by the civil authorities,
especially by the exorcise of aU tho constitutional
powers of the courts of the United States and of the
States."
And he adds:
"His condition is notso exposed as may at first be
imagined. He is in a portion of the country where
his labor oannotwoll bo spared. Competition for his
services from planters, from t.hoso who are consh uet-
lng and repairing railroads, and from capitalists in
his viemago and from other States, will enable him
to command almost his own terms."
This certainly sounds very hopeful, but what
are some of the facts of the case ? On the 15th
of December, 18i>f>, Colonel Do Gauss wrote to
Major General Howard, of the Freedmen's
Bureau, as follows :
" IToustox, TnxAS, Dcccmbcr 15, 18(35.
"Sir: I have the honor to respectfully report that
in some portions of this State tiicmc'roes are not yet
free, that the puss system is still in 1'oree, and when a
froedman is iound at lai-jre without a pass, he is taken
up ami whipped.
"That a lreedraan is not allowed to biro out with-
out written permission from his form or master; at least
planters have held meetings ami have agreed not to
hire freed people without such permission. These
facts arcknown to mc from peisonal observation, and
written statements of roliublo men."
Lieutenant Stewart TCldridge writes to Major
General Howard from Vieksluirg, Mississippi,
under date of November 28, 1SG">:
t " X have tho honor to inclose herewith for your con-
sideration the lYeedmon's hill, wlneli has iust become
a law in this State, ami would respectfully ask your
attention to the foliowni'i: points thereon :
" Sect ion fn pro hi bits the holding, leasing, or rent-
ing of real estate by freedmen.
"Section t In I'd com pels all treedniento marry whom-
soever they ni.iy now bo living witli. and to support
the issue of what was in many cases compulsory co-
habitation.
" Section fourth oxeUftics freedmen from testifying
in cases all whito.
"Section live authorizes mayors and boards of police
by their solo edictto prevent any freedmen from doini;
any independent business and to compel them to labor
as cinployes. with no appeal from such derision.
"Section se\ en trives the power to any while citizen
over the person of a tVeedmnn unknown to any other
law, and demos tho right ot appeal beyond tlie county
coui t."
Colonel Samuel Thomas, assistant, commis-
sioner, writes from Jackson, Mississippi, con-
cerning this same Mississippi frcedmen's bill:
"The freedmen hill has become law. It docs not
allow freedmen toown or lease estate. Thousumlsot
acres have been rented from ownersot'limd by freed-
men who expected t but tliev would be allowed to cul-
tivate laud in this way. They are notified that they
must give up tlieir loasos by citizens. What courso
must I puisuo?"
The State laws of Georgia and South Caro-
lina prohibit any negro from buying or leasing
a home, in Noitb Carolina the black code of
slavery is still in existence. In Virginia the
laws and customs reduce the negro to vagrancy,
and then seize and sell him as a vagrant. In
South Carolina and other States there are laws
compelling the return of the I'reednian to his
master under filename of employer, and allow-
ing liim to be whipped for insolence.
I'hese, sir. are some specimens of protection
which tliev get. from llie civil authorities of the
States in which they live. They arc denied a
home in which to shelter their families, pro-
hibited from carrying on any independent busi-
ness, and then arrested and sold as vagrants
because they have no homes and no business.
Planters combine together to compel them
to work for such wages as their former masters
may dictate, ami deny them the privilege of
hiring to any one without the consent of the j
master; and in order to make it, impossible for I
them to seek employment elsewhere, the pass j
system is still enforced. If a freedman is found
away from homo he is taken up and whipped,
and if he has the impudence to complain he is
■whipped ajpin. And vet wc are told that '• his
condition is not so exposed as may at first be
imagined." In the name of liberty and justice,
I ask, what was the exposed condition '"at.first
imagined?'' Sir, do you at this late day call
the whipping-post and the pass system evi-
dences of liberty? Do you call that man free
who cannot choose his own employer, or name
the wages for which lie will work? Do you call
him a freeman who is denied that most sacred
of all possessions, a home? Ishefree who can-
not bring a suit in court for the defense of his
rights? Sir, if this be liberty, may none ever
know what slavery is. Bear in mind the fact,
too, that these wrongs are inflietcd upon the
freedmen by communities and States while
they are yet supposed to be on their good be-
havior for the purpose of regaining their old
places of power in the Union. If such is the
protection they now get from the civil authori-
ties of their own States, what may we reason-
ably anticipate when those States again resume
their places and have no favors to ask of the
Federal Government. '' If these things be done
in the green tree, what shall be done in the
dry?" Sir, our duty is clear; let no man falter
in its performance.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I do
not rise because 1 have anything very impor-
tant to say, or because I am disposed to par-
ticipate in the discussion on this bill. But a few
moments ago a remark or two dropped from
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Ei.mudge]
which has induced me to make a suggestion or
two in regard to the first section of the bill.
I understand it to be claimed by those who
oppose this bill that it is not proper for Con-
gress to naturalize by law or treaty any class of
individuals as a class, but that, under the con-
stitutional provision in regard to a uniform rule
of naturalization each individual must be nat-
uralized upon his personal act and application ;
and that thorn is no other power in the Gov-
ernment in regard to naturalization except that
which is to be found in that constitutional clause.
Now sir, a little observation of what has oc-
curred in the history of our own Government
in this regard will, 1 think, relieve this ques-
tion of all difficulty.
1 agree with the gentleman on the otherside
of the House that this bill cannot be passed
under that clause of the Constitution which
provides that Congress may pass uniform rules
of naturalization. Under that clause it is my
opinion that, the act, of naturalization must not
only be the act of the Government, but also tho
act of the individual alien, by which lie re-
nounces his former allegiance and accepts the
new one. And that proposition and distinction
will be found, I think, in all judicious argu-
ments upon tho subject; certainly in Wheaton
on International Law.'
The next remark I proposed to make is this:
that there is another class of persons well
rocojfnized, not only in our constitutional his-
tory, but, also by the law of nations, as will be
found by leferencc to a very eminent work of
Pulfendorf on the law of nations, us well as to
oilier works on the subject; I here is a class of
persons who are not cil i/.ens of a given country,
and yet who are not foreigners, who occupy an
intermediate position, and that intermediate
position is defined by the law of nations by the
word •'subjects." Subjects arc all persons
who, being born in a given country and under
a given Government,, do not owe an allegiance
to any other Government.
To that class in this country, according to the
decisions of our own courts hitherto, belong
American Indians and slaves, and according to
the Dred Scott decision, persons of African
descent whose ancestors '"ere slaves. AU these
were subjects by every principle of international
as well as of settled constitutional law in this
country.
Now, then, to that class belong the persons
who are naturalized by this bill. "If they were
not indeed citizens hitherto, they were at least
subjects of this Government, by reason of their
birth, and by reason of the fact that they owed
no foreign allegiance.
That brings me to the next remark, and it is
this : th'at tiiese subjects not. owing any foreign
allegiance, no individual act of theirs is required
in order to their naturalization, because they
owe no foreign allegiance to be renounced by
tlieir individual acts, and because, moreover,
tlieir being domiciled in our own country and
continuing here to reside is the individual elec-
tion of each member of the tribe or race or class
to accept our nationality; therefore no addi-
tional individual act of the subject is required
in order to his citizenship.
That being proved, it is competent for the
nationality, or for the Government,, wherevet
that subject may reside, to naturalize that class
of persons by treaty or by general law, as is
proposed by the amendment of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Raymond.] It is the
act of the sovereign alone that is requisite to
the naturalization of that class of persons, and
it may bo done either by a single act naturaliz-
ing entire races of men, or by adopting the
heads of families out of those races, or it may
be done to any extent, greater or less, that
may please the sovereign. For this proposi-
tion I refer gentlemen who desire to examino
this subject to the authorities that may be found
collected in any judicious work on public law,
and they will find them very fully collected cer-
tainly in the notes to Wheaton.
Now, then, what power may do that act of
naturalization, and how may it be exorcised?
That is also answered by these same authori-
ties. It may be done in this country either by
an act of Congress, or it may be done by treaty.
It has been done again and again and again iu
both ways in this country. It was done once in
the case of the Choctaw Indians, as you will find
in theStatutes-at-Large, where in case the heads
of families desired to remain and not to remove
lo the West, it was provided by the treaty of
September 27, ISoO, that those families should
be naturalized as a class.
It was done again, as you may remember, in
the case of the Cherokees in December, 18o5.
There again a class was naturalized by treaty. '
Then, again, it was done in the other way, by
an act of Congress, iu the case cited by my
learned friend from Iowa, [Mr.WTi.s0n',] in the
ease of the Stockbridge Indians. I will read a
simple clause from that law in order to see how
exactly it harmonizes in language and in effect
with this bill. In the act of Congress of March
ii, 18-i3, it is provided:
"That the Stockbridse tribo of Indians, and each
and everyone of them, shall bo deemed to be. and
archei'cbydeclaredtobe.eitizcnsof theUnited States
to all intents and purposes, and shall bo entitled to
all tlie rislits, privileges, and immunities of such citi-
zens, and shall in all respects be subject to the laws
of the United States."
That is an act of Congress, and it was passed
during the Administration of Mr. Tyler.
That is all I desire to say. There is really,
upon a candid and fair investigation of this
question, no difliculty in voting for the bill pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York | Mr.
Raymond] for the naturalization of all these
people, and 1 may say that the usefulness of
such a measure as that is just as great, as grand,
and as profound as it is useful to be an Amer-
ican citizen.
Mr. BltOOMALL obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not wish to
interfere with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
. van ia. but I ask him to give way until I can
make a proposition to the House.
Mr. BltOOMALL. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 desire now to
submit a proposition to this Ilonse in relation
to this bill. My proposition is that it shall be
postponed until Thursday next after the morn-
ing hour, with the understanding that the vote
shall be taken upon it upon that day.
My reason for asking this long postponement
is that the Committee of Ways and Means
have some business of great importance which
they desire to bring before the House for its
action early next week, and it will probably
occupy two or three days to dispose of it; and
in order to afford them full time to bring that
business before the House and have the House
act upon it, and also to give gentlemen addi- ■
tional time to examine this bill, I submit this
proposition to the House, and hope there will
be no objection to it.
Mr. Ct)NKLING. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr, Wilson*] that I doubt
whether it is better to fix any time for a vote
upori this bill. He can at, any time call the
previous question on it, and if that call is seo-.
