96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
present Executive of the United States. The
fact can be no longer disguised that there is in
the party -which elected the President an oppo-
sition party to him. Nothing can be more an-
tagonistic than the suggestions contained in his
message and the speeches that have already been
made in the other end of the Capitol and in this
Chamber. We of the minority here have list-
ened, and listened patiently, without saying one
■word as to what will be our policy when this
fight shall come. I am prepared to speak for
no one but myself; but if the voice of one so
humble could reach presidential ears, it would
be this: ''Stand firm to the constitutional prin-
ciples that you have avowed; and, though the
attack may be fierce and the war upon your
administration bitter, if you will continue to
recognize in the future as your policy thus far
as developed indicates that the States lately in
revolt are still States of this Union, and entitled
to all the privileges of States in tho Union; if
you will be true and faithful to your high mis-
sion and to the principles which you have fore-
shadowed, there are—and it may as well be
known now as hereafter—two million faithful
men in the States which have never been in re-
volt, that will hold up your hands, although they
did not support you for the present high office
which you hold; while you shall be faithful to
tho Constitution of your country they will bo
your friends, and when the battle comes, it mat-
ters not how fiercely it may rage, they will wel-
come the contest and welcome the conflict.
Sir, it becomes not us of the small minority
to champion the cause of the President. Wo
do not presume to do so now. But he who
has studied the political parties of this coun-
try, and gained his lessons from the past, well
knows that Andrew Johnson, President of the
United States, is not going to be put down iu
his efforts to supiiort and sustain the constitu-
tional rights of the people, if Andrew Johnson
chooses not to be put down.
Perhaps I have said enough upon this sub-
ject. 1 could not say less in view of tho fact
that almost every day something is said in this
Chamber or elsewhere expressing apprehen-
sions of tho return of the Democratic party to
power; and this, loo, though we have long
heard from the same source that the Demo-
cratic party was dead. If indeed it was dead,
well might it be said—
"Had it but lived, though reft of power,
A watchman oil tho lonely tower,
Its mighty voice hint nhook fhe hind
When fraud or danprer were at hand.''
But, Mr. President, for the reason I liave
already stated. 1 shall detain the Senate no
longer. I shall, at an early day, take occasion
to consider, the questions involved in the prob-
lem of "reconstruction'' as it is called, a term
that 1 do not use.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, 1 am not dis-
posed to allow the speech of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sr.MXBii] to go
to the country without a very brief reply, if
that speech be true, and if it be a correct picture
of the South, then God help us: then this lie-
public, this Union is at an end: then the great
war which we waged for the Union was a folly:
then all the blood and treasure which we have
expended in that war in order to restore our-
selves to companionship with the people of the
South have been equally follies. But, Mr. Pres-
ident, is it true? Or is not this a series of cx
parte statements made up by anonymous letter-
writers, people who are down there more than
likely_ stealing cotton, people who are down
there in the enjoyment of place and power, peo-
ple who are interested that the disturbed con-
dition of things which exists there now shall
always continue because they make profit of it?
Is there any man who has had any experience
in the trial of causes, any man who knows any-
thing about the nature, of evidence, who does
not know that the honorable Senator could have
sent his emissaries into any one comity in the
lately lebellious States onrt gathered up from
the expressions of kna\ es and fools and discon-
tented, siugle-idead people, far more than he
has given us in this speech?
We are told hereof the exceptional instances
of bad conduct on the part of the people of the
South. Why, what a large volume it would
take to hold all that! If a man were to go
about anywhere in the loyal States and hunt
up what he might "suppose to be treasonable
expressions, heretical expressions, how many
could he find ? And yet we are treated to all
this here as if it was the whole of the evidence
in the case. One man out of ten thousand is
brutal to a negro, and that is paraded here as a
type of the whole people of the South, whereas
nothing is said of the other nine thousand nine
hundred and ninety-nine men who treat the ne-
gro well. One man expresses a great deal of
dissatisfaction at the present state of affairs, and
that is paraded here, while nothing is said of the
other ten thousand men who are contented to
accept it and make the most of it.
What, then, are we to do? Wre are to sup-
pose that the people of the southern States
lately in rebellion have common sense; and
when their utterances arc in accordance with
what is common sense and the dictate of their
own interest, we have a right to presume it to
be true. But according to what we have just
heard, everything that has come from the peo-
pleof these States and from their public bodies,
from the representatives of these people, is to
be taken as false; and why? Because some
cotton agent, some correspondent of a radical
newspaper in tho North, some office-holder who
has been making profit of the state of things
there, chooses to say it is all false! Tho heresy
of State rights is not destroyed there, the hon-
orable Senator says' Have we not heard from
almost all the public men of the South that that
question was put to the arbitrament of the
sword, that they have lost, and that they sub-
mit? Have they not acquiesced in the aboli-
tion of slavery—that thing of all others which
was the last, in the opinion of everybody, that
they would submit to? But still further guar-
antees are wanted; we are not told what they
are. What arc they? What is wanted? Every-
body admits that the negro ought to have his
natural rights secured to him. I believe all the
moderate, conservative men of this Chamber
arc fully agreed that every man should have his
natural rights secured—the right to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness ; the protection of
property, limbs, and reputation ; thathe should
have tin- right to sue and be sued, and to testify
in courts of justice. The negro has not hith-
erto been allowed in the southern States to tes-
tify in courts of justice, and why? Because he
was a slave, and if I had been a citizen of the
southern States when slavery prevailed there,
I would have resisted his right to testify in
courts. A witness like a voter ought to be a
free man: he should not. belong to another man.
"What chance would a litigant have against the
master of slaves if the slaves could testify? It
seems to me that, tho slave ought not to testify
for the same reason that the wife ought not to
testify either for or against the husband. Would
you ask a neg'"0 to testify against his master,
to go back to that master and be subjected to
his ill-will because of his testimony? Would
you allow him to testify for the master as against
a party on the other side ? Certainly not. But
now this state of things lias passed away. Now
the people of the southern States themselves,
so far as 1 understand them, are in fiver of
opening the courts to all these classes of peo-
ple. And, sir, they mu«t open them for their
own security. I am willing to leave that to
themselves; their own interest will compel them
to allow all people to testify unless they are
excluded bv those disabilities that have here-
tofore excluded witnesses from testifying. If
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts and
those who think with him desire thatthesc peo-
ple should have the right of suffrage, why not
say so broadly?
M r. S UMNER. I do say so.
Mr. COWaN. Yeryweil: that is so much
that is clear: make it broadly : we inoy differ
from him. but the people will decide. [ am per-
fectly willing to acquiesce in their decision: I
do not care which way it is; but the people will
decide that question, and they will decide it
promptly. If the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts wants to hold the doctrine that those
States are not, States; that they are not constit-
uent members of this Union, let him say so;
there is a tribunal to which that can be referred.
If he wishes to take issue with the President
on these points, let the issue be made fairly and
squarely, and it.will be met. Thank God, in
this Government, not like that of Kussia which
he has eulogized, there is a power above us all;
there is a power to whose arbitrament and award
we can appeal, and who will settle this thing
conclusively.
Now, Mr. President, I am for reconciliation.
I want to have this Union restored; and a Union
means a Union by consent, not by force. 1 would
like to make friends of all the people with whom
we have been at enmity heretofore. I do not
want the contest to go on any longei-. But are
we to make friends with them, and are they to
be reconciled to us, and are they to behave
better by such speeches as have been made by
the honorable Senatorhereto-day? I very much
doubt it. I do not think that he will improve
the condition of the southern heart, orthe con-
dition of tho southern mind, by thus parading
these exceptional cases to the people of this
country,and stimulating and exciting; their angry
passions more than they are now against this un-
fortunate people—unfortunate in everyrespect;
unfortunate on account of their errors; unfor-
tunate on account of the penalty which has fol-
lowed those errors, and which they have suffered.
Mr. President, let us look at this testimony.
Tho honorable Senator, as I said before, reads
from anonymous letter-writers, from cotton
agents, and people of that kind. Now, it does
so happen that we have some testimony upon
this subject; we have the testimony of the
President of the United States, not a summer
soldier or sunshine patriot 
Mr. SUMNER. I have not read anonymous
letters.
Jilr. COWAN. They are anonymous so far
as we are concerned; audi commend the Sen-
ator's prudence in keeping Ihe names of their
wiitcrs from the public, because 1 have no doubt
that if their names were known they would not
be considered of much importance. I very
much doubt whether there is a single man
among them who has ever wielded anything
more than a pen during this rebellion. But I
say that we have the testimony of men of un-
exceptionable veracity; we have the testimony
of the President of the United States, who was
a Union man. and who was in favor of the
Union at a time and in a place where there was
some merit in it. I do not suppose there was
any great merit, in being a Union man in Mas-
sachusetts. I suspect a man would have been
very likely to get a lamp-post if he had been
anything else there; but the President of the
United States was a Union man in tho very
thick and storm of the battle. He was driven
from his home; he was waylaid hither in order
to attend to his official duties in this body. He
has stood by the Constitution, by the Union, all
the way through, steadily and firmly, and as a
compliment to him the great party to which I
belong, and to which he did not belong, and
never pretended to belong, conferred upon him
office which, in the providence of Cod, has
made him President of the United State?.
Now, sir, you are told here that this man in
his official communication to the Senate of the
United Stales whitewashes the condition of
things down below. Yes, sir, '•whitewash'' is
the word. The honorable Senator says that he
will not accept the definition of ''whitewash"
given by the Senator from Connecticut or the
Senator from Wisconsin, but he has not told us
what, he means by the word ''wdiitewash." It
i* not necessary that ho should say what he
means by that word. Everybody understands
it. I suppose even his eolored friends, in whom
he takes so much interest, would know what
the meaning of the word ''whitewash" was.
} Laughter. ] lie says that th'p man, who stood
!' firm when everybody else faltered, this man
I who stood almost alone in the midst of an en-
I raged population, and in the very storm anjl
