2120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
April 23,
gentleman from New York, tlie matter is
not before the committee, but before the
House, pending a motion to reconsider.
Mr. LATHAM. What will be the first vote
taken on the motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The first vote will be on
the reconsideration of the vote by which the
subject was recommitted. The Clerk will read
from page 164 of Barclay's Digest.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" 49. When a motion has boon once made, and car-
ried in the affirmative or negative, it shall be in order
for any member of themajority to move for the recon-
sideration thereof—on the same or succeeding day—
and such motion shall take precedence of all other
questions, except a motion to adjourn, and shall not
be withdrawn after the said succeeding day without
the consent of the House; and thereafter any mem-
ber may call it iiu for consideration."
Mr. LATHAM. My inquiry is, what will
be the first vote taken by the House on the
motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. To reconsider the vote by
which the report in the Tennessee case was
recommitted to the committee on reconstruc-
tion. That can be called up at any time when
the House is not engaged in the transaction
of other business.
Mr. LATHAM. If the House reconsider
that vote, what would be the next vote?
The SPEAKER. The subject would be
before the House—not recommitted to the
committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the Chair decide
that the committee have not the subject in
charge ?
The SPEAKER. The subject is not before
the committee pending the motion to recon-
sider, which can be called up at any time when
the House is not engaged in other business.
Mr. ROSS. Is there no chance by which the
House can get rid of this committee ?
The SPEAKER. That is not germane to
the question before the House.
Mr. WENTWORTIT. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. DELANO. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair in reference to the Ten-
nessee credentials.
The SPEAKER. The appeal is entertained
but is not debatable, as it has been made at a
time when debate is not in oi'der, and upon a
question growing out of an undebatable sub-
ject.
Mr. COCKLING. I move that the appeal
be laid upon the table.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. DELANO. As the appeal is not de-
batable I withdraw it.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. HITCHCOCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to provide for the relief of
persons for damages sustained by reason of
depredations and injuries bv certain bands of
Arrapahoes, Cheyenne, and Sioux Indians;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
FIRST IU3GI3IEXT COLORADO 3IILITIA.
Mr. BRADFORD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and resolu-
tion ; which were read, considered, and agreed
to:
Whereas it is represented that a certain regiment
of imhtia, known as the first regiment of Colorado
mounted militia, was in the winter of 1S65 mustered
into the service of the United States by order of Col-
onel lhomas Moonlight, then commanding the dis-
trict of Colorado, and that they remained in the ser-
vice for several months, the horses and a portion of
the equipments being supplied from private means,
and that said regiment was discharged without com-
pensation : Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the facts, and if they
find them to he substantially true as stated, to report
a bill providing such compensation as may be just
and proper.
SUPPORT OF INDIAN TTtlBES.
Mr. BURLEIGH, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
reacl? considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to furnish this House with a full statement
of all money on hand, on the 10th day of July, I860,
applicable to the support of the various Indian tribes,
and for all other purposes connected with the Indian
service. Also, the entire amount which has been
expended since that time and up to the 20th day of
April, 1866, and the objects for which such expendi-
tures have been made, together with the amount
now on hand applicable to said service under the fol-
lowing heads. Also the amount which has been
expended, overand above the appropriations already
made, namely:
Pay of superintendents and agents, pay of sub-
agents, pay of temporary clerks by superintendents,
pay of interpreters, pay for presents to Indians, pay
for provisions for Indians, pay for agency buildings
and repairs, for contingent expenses of the Indian
department, for making treaties with Indian tribes,
for transportation of Indian annuity goods, support
of refugee Indians in the southern and middle super-
intendences, amount expended for support of refu-
gee and other Indians over and above the amount
heretofore appropriated.
tllial of jefferson davis.
The SPEAKER. The next business in
order is the following resolution offered by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Julian,] which
was laid over one day under the rule :
Resolved, (as the deliberate j udgmcnt of this House,)
That the speedy trial of Jefferson Davis, either by a
civil or military tribunal, for the crime of treason or
the other crimes of whicn he stands charged, and his
prompt execution, if found guilty, are imperatively
demanded by the people of theUxiitedStates in order
that treason may be^ adequately branded'by the na-
tion, traitors made infamous, and the repetition of
their crimes, as far as possible, be prevented.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the
gentleman to refer that to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, is this resolu-
tion now debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is; it was laid over
under the rule for debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. The-morning hour will
expire in one minute.
Mr. JULIAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to debate it.
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
is not seconded it will then be open for debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
the resolution be again reported.
The SPEAKER. It will again be reported
if there is no objection.
Mr. JULIAN. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has not
the morning hour expired ?
The SPE AKER. Not yet.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
50, noes 42.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand tellers on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. It is too late.
Mr. ANCONA. Then I demand tellers on
ordering the main question.
Mr. HARRIS. Is the resolution debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. CHANLER. Is it in order to move to
lay the resolution on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CHANLER. I make that motion, and
demand the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I again ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Juliax] to permit
this to go to the Committee on the Judiciary,
who are now investigating that charge and tak-
ing testimony.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I do not see
that this resolution involves any doubtful ques-
tion upon which we need the advice of the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it in order to move
an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Jumax] to allowtheword "mil-
itary" to be stricken out. so as to leave it that
he shall be tried by a civil tribunal. Then
there will be no objection to it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope it will not be
stricken out, but that we shall have full power
to try him.
Mr. HARRIS. I rise to a point of order,
that the resolution presents a question which
this House has no authority whatever to pass
upon.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. It is not a question of order ;
it is a matter for the discretion of the House.
Mr. J ULIAN. I conceive no possible reason
for declining a direct vote on the proposition,
and I therefore ask for a vote of the House on
the resolution as it stands.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to move as an amendment to refer the
resolution to the Judiciary Committee?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous
question having been seconded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Julian] decline to modify his
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. He does; and it would
require unanimous consent to modify it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Is it in order to move to
reconsider the vote by which the previous ques-
tion was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table prevents it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Chanler] will withdraw that
motion, in order that I may move to reconsider.
Mr. CHANLER. What is the motive of the
gentleman in making that motion?
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will
withdraw his motion to lay the resolution on
the table, I will move to reconsider the vote
by which the previous question was seconded,
so that 1 may move to refer the resolution to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANLER. Then I withdraw.
The question being put on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the previous
question was seconded, there were—ayes 80,
noes 33.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
demand the yeas and nays on this motion. He
may demand tellers.
fir. COBB. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The SPEAKER accordingly declared the
resolution reconsidered.
The question recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question ; and being
put there were—ayes 21. noes 71.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call for the regular
order of business.
the test oath.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to make an adverse
report on the message of the President, with
accompanying communications, recommending
a modification of the test oath, that it may be
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent or under a suspension of
the rules,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I move to
suspend the rules so as to enable me to make
the report. [Cries of "There is no objec-
tion."]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the regular order of business.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I merely ask that
the "Committee on the Judiciary be discharged
from the fuilher consideration of the subject
and that the report be laid upon the table and
printed.
Mr. ROGERS. I desire to present a minor-
ity report in favor of the recommendation of
the President.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to the reception of the report.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move a suspen-
sion of the rules.
The question was taken ; and two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof, the rules were suspended.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged
