1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
strife of the worst civil war perhaps the world
has ever seen, comes here to "whitewash."
What does he mean except that the President
of the United States in an oflieial communica-
tion to this body comes hero to lie; that is the
plain English of it; comes here either to sup-
press the truth or to suggest a falsehood.
What does the President say ? I will read
what he says as a sufficient answer to what all
these people down South report of the state of
affairs there, and I do not lind it necessary to
deny thousands of instances of exceedingly he-
retical talk may have taken placc there, and of
treasonable talk if you please; and I have no
doubt that in a state of things unparalleled in
the history of the world heretofore wrongs and
outrages innumerable happen there; but that
is not the question. Hie question is, what is
the condition of.the mass of the people in the
South, what is their disposition and tendency,
not to love the North, not to love the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts—because I very
much fear that that will not be brought about
soon unless there is a change in the temper of
both parties—not to have hearts overflowing
with love and gratitude to those who they think
persecute and hunt them in their submission,
who kick and strike at them after they are
down, after they have cried "enough"—but
the question is, what is their disposition to obey
the laws? What do we care about their hearts
or their dispositions if they are obedient to the
laws, and submit to the laws? ' Now they have
submitted to laws which impose the heaviest
penalty, for if they arc traitors the law imposes
the penalty of death and confiscation of^jstates
by means of line. I will read what the Presi-
dent says now of the condition of that people
from the information he has received:
"In that portion of tlio Union lately in rebellion
the aspect of afi'airs is more promising than in view of
all the circumstances could well have been expected."
I think there is no candid man who will not
indorse that sentiment.
"The pcoplo throughout tho cntiro South evince a
laudable dcsii c to 1 cnew theii allegiance to tlio Gov-
ernment, and to repair the devastations of war by a
prompt and cheertul return to peaceful pursuits."
Why should they not ? To suppose anything
else is to suppose that they are demented, that
they have no kind of common sense left, that
four years of the most terrible war and the most
terrible punishments ever inflicted upon a peo-
ple have been without their lessons. It can-
not be, Mr. President; it is not in the nature
of things that it should be.
"An abiding faith' —on the part of this man
who suffered from these people, who suffered
from this war and the doctrine of secession and
the attempt to break the Union—he says:
"An abiding faith is entertained that their actions
will conform to their professions, and that in acknowl-
edging the .supremacy of the Const itution and the laws
ot theUnited States, theirloyalty will be unreservedly
given to the Government, whose leniency they cannot
fail to appreciate, and whose fostering caro will soon
restore them to a condition of prosperity."
And here, Mr. President, allow me to ask
when in the history of this world or of the hu-
man family has it happened that severity, cru-
elty, persecution, refusal to recognize common
rights, has reconciled a people and pacified a
distracted country; and when lias it happened
that clemency, leniency, as the President ex-
presses it, has failed to produce beneficial re-
sults ? It is not necessary to go very far back
for instances to show this. Look at the treat-
ment of England toward Ireland. What has
been the result there of her holding that people
in a species of vassalage? A Fenian insurrec-
tion upon lier hands now after hundreds of
years of attempt to dominate over that people.
Look at Poland ; look everywhere. And if it
be necessary to see what clemency, what len-
iency and justice and trust and confidence can
do to restore a people once in revolution, take
the conduct of Hocho in La Vendee. There
by the genius of one man, high enough to be
above vulgar passion, statesman enough to
look to the future, La Vendee was restored to
France, and is there now part and parcel of
it, with every recollection of the revolution
elfeced.
89th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 7.
Says the President,
" It is true that in some of the States the demoral-
izing eiieets of war are to be seen in occasional dis-
orders"—
Qlieso effects are to be seen in the North as
well as in the South—
" but these are local iii character, not frequent in oc-
currence, and are rapidly disappearing as the au-
thority of civil law is extended and sustained. Per-
plexing questions were naturally to be expected from
thcgrcat andsudden changein the relations between
the two races; but systems are gradually developing
themselves under which the freedman will receive
the protection to which he is justly entitled, and by
means of his labor make himself a useful and inde-
pendent member of the community iu which ho has
his home, i'rom ail the inlormation in my posses-
sion, and from that which I have recently derived
from the most reliable authority, I am induced to
cherish the belief that sectional animosity is surely
and rapidly merging itself into a spiiit of national-
ity, and that representation, connected with a prop-
erly adjusted system of taxation, will result in a har-
monious restoration of the relations of the States to
the national Union."
There is a little more testimony yet, Mr. Pres-
ident; and it is.worth while to consider, while
we are here to take counsel and to know what
we ought to do in tho extraordinary situation
in which we find ourselves, from whom will we
take that counsel. Are we to take it from men,
the purpose of whose whole life seems to be to
wage war upon these people and their institu-
tions? Shall we take it from men whom they
hate personally and by name, and to whom it
is almost impossible to suppose they ever will
be reconciled, or, in the nature of things, can
be reconciled? Or are we to take it from the
men who have not made this a personal war;
who have treated it as a national war, and who,
in their conduct of it, have won the applause
of both sections ? Tho President says that part
of his information lias been received from Gen-
eral Grant. Who is General Grant? Who is
to be put in tho scale with that scarred soldier,
and whose testimony is to weigh down his? Is
ho "whitewashing" here too? lias he.forgotten
the position he occupies before the American
people? With tlio highest military character
of any man to-day upon the earth, has he con-
descended to come here tfc deceive the Senate
of his country, and to lie about the condition
of affairs in the South, which he has recently
visited? Let us hear what he says, and listen
with patient reverence to the utterance of a man
of schsc, a patriot, and a prudent man, who
desires not to embroil, not to embitter, not to
widen the gap that already exists between two
people who ought to be fraternally united, but
a man who desires to heal and to pacify; a man
imbued with the spirit of Hocho when ho went
to La Vendee, and where he succeeded when
others had failed. What does he say? It is
not the tone or manner of the letter-writer, but
it is in the manner of a man and a soldier.
" I am satisfied"— •
says lie; and when he is satisfied who dares say
he is not satisfied upon the score of honesty and
good intent toward this Republic?—
"I am satisfied that tho mass of thinking men in
tho South accept the present situation of affairs iu
good faith."
That is what General Grant says. Is that
" whitewashing?''
"The questions which have heretofore divided the
sentiments of the people of the two sections—slavery
and State rights, or the right of a State to secede from
the Union—they regard as having been settled for-
ever by tho highest tribunal, arms, that man can re-
sort to."
Tt is now said that they do not think so: that
they are only pretending, and have a covert
purpose of doing something hereafter about
this thing, nobody can tell exactly what. Per-
haps we will bo told they will not abide the
result:
"I was pleased tojearn from the leading men whom
I met, that they not only accepted tho decision ar-
rived at as final, but that new, -when the smoke of
battle has cl cared away and time lias been given for
reflection, this decision has been a iortunate one for
the whole country, they receiving like benefits from
it with those who opposed them in tho field and in
council."
Why, Mr. President, the'eommon sense of
that last utterance is worth more as testimony
than that of a thousand scribblers who merely
look at detached points of this great field, They
have resolved to accept the decision as.final;!
and, what we- ought all to be glad to know, they.,
have found that it is for their benefit. They
have found, too, after the smoke has cleared
away, that they are really in a better condition
than they were before, that they have been re-;
lieved from the incubus which has oppressed,
them for so long a time, and they are ready
now to take their places in the Union, and
alongside of the northern States who, have
made liberty their great principle rather than-
slavcry. Why should tliey not? If any man
can give a reason why they should desire to;
keep up this strife longer, with their devastated-
fields, with their treasuries empty, with their
society disorganized, I should like to hear it.
I therefore hope, Mr. President, that we may
meet them in a different spirit; that we may
show to them that we made this war, not to
make them eternal enemies of ours, not to hu-
miliate them, but to rescue them; that we made
this war to go and get them out of the clutches
of the bad men who had misled them into the
gloomy realm of secession and disunion; and
that we intend, after the great military victory
which wo have achieved, to achieve another by
magnanimity and clemency in our conduct to-
ward them; that we will win them back to be as
they were before, our friends and our brothers,
of the same race and of the same lineage. I
hope too that this angry, irritating, and exciting
mode of treating this subject, whieh is calcu-
lated to make us anything else than friends,
will be discarded hereafter, and that we shall
coolly and calmly and in the spirit of the na-
tion, (because that is the spirit of the nation,)
examine this question and do with it that which
will be calculated to restore the old harmony
and peace and the old Union again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the motion to refer
this bill to the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. SUMNER. My colleague is out of his
seat now, and I know he did not expect final
action on that motion to-day. I move an ad-
journment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask if there is not
business on the table which ought to be dis-
posed of before we adjourn?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
several bills from the House of Representatives
lying on the table.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
now made is to adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw that motion.
DEATH OF ORLAXDO RLLLOGG.
A message was received from the Bouse'of
Representatives, by Mr. McPhersox", its Clerk,
communicating to the Senate information of the
death of ilon. Orlando Ivelloog, late a Rep-
resentative from the State of New York, and
the proceedings of the House of Representatives
thereon.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I ask the Sen-
ate to pause again in its deliberations and pay
its tribute of respect to the memory of another
deceased member of Congress. Hon. Orlando
Kellogg, a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives, died at his residence in northern
Now York in the month of August last. He
died, after a very brief illness, in the midst of
his activity and-usefulness, and when human
foresight would have allotted to him many years
of vigorous health.
I have known Mr. Kellogo for many years.
He was reared a mechanic and labored at his
trade until after he came to his majority. With-
out fortune or influential friends, without the
advantages of early education, he raised him-
self by his own energy and persevering industry
to a respectable position at the bar. I-Ie pos-
sessed, in an eminent degree, the respect and
confidence of an intelligent and patriotic con-
stituency. Their esriingte of his worth is shown
by the fact that three times they have elected
him their Representative in Congress.
In private life Mr. Kellogg was upright and
