1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
the Government of the United States anyway.
I submit whether we are disposed to establish
a Bureau of Immigration here at Washington
and open a subordinate office at New York, to
aet in .harmony with and subordinate to a
company Whose business it is to import for-
eign labor.
To show you that I am not mistaken on the
subject, I hold in my hand a pamphlet which
is a sort of .dissertation on the whole thing,
comingfrom this emigrant company, addressed,
/ not to the Senate, but addressed to a-commit-
tee of this body last year, in which they set out
the defects of the act of 1804, in which they
say what its* defects are, how it ought to be
amended, what they are doing, and what they
could do if this Bureau of Immigration were
made as effective as it ought to be, and then
would act in harmony and cooperation with
thepi. They say:
"It should be premised that the American Emi-
grant Company is a corporation of high character
anil abundant means, organized for the purpose of
importing laborers (skilled and unskilled) upon or-
dois of employers who advaneo the expenses and pay
a small eommL-i.iion tor the service."
That, is all very well; but what have we to do
with that? Now they ask vis to come in and
throw the shield of the General Government
over it, authorize these contracts and enforce
the contracts which they thus make.
"Tho system adopted is very complete, involving
agencies in all parts of Europe and an effieient ad-
ministration here; and so tar it works well. Thocorn-
pany now asks for no help from Uovem.nicnt beyond
tho furnishing of reasonable facilities which will cost
the Government nothing. The law of la«t year which
aimed to do this lias proved in its piaetieal applica-
tion defective, and bonce the necessity for the further
legislation requested.
"It may also be premised that the company have
no interest in this matter which is not entirely coin-
cident. with the interest of the country."
I read this to show you that the legislation
hero asked for is suggested by this company,
-which is established in Now York—a private
enterprise for the importation of labor. That
is a commercial transaction. I have no objec-
tion to that. Any company has a right to im-
port. labor as well as anything else ; but what
have we to do with it? Why should we put our
fingers in it? Why should we go to their aid
and authorize agents to go all over Europe to
import labor? Following what I have read,
this is what they want us to do, this what they
desire the Government to enact into a law:
" Tiie Bemedy.—This is—1. By making the laborer
forfeit double the amount remaining unpaid of the
expenses advanced by theomployer. 2. By enabling
the employer to follow him and impound his wages
and other dues wherever he finds him."
Thai is to say, this company go abroad, make
a contract, import a thousand laborers, land
them in Now York, and then they want the
Government of the United States to put agents
on their track wherever they go, to Minnesota
or the West, follow them through those agents
and impound the laborer, to the end that this
company, which is engaged in the business of
importing laborers, shall not lose the expenses
of importation. That is the dignified business
in which the Government of tho United States
proposes to be engaged by this bill.
Then farther :
"3. By compelling any new employer to elect
whether to retain or dismiss the man; and if the
former, to assume and pay to the importing employer
his unpaid bill of advances, taking it afterward out
of the wages of the workman."
That is to say—and I will come to that by
and by—this bill provides that we are to send
agents all over the'eonntry wherever these peo-
ple go, and if these men, scattered broadcast,
do not pay the expenses of their passage, and
they are found in your employment, sir, [turn-
ing to Mr. Sprague] an agent goes to you and
says "Pay over ; you must pay over or dismiss
the man," so that he can put him to service to
pay the expenses of his importation. That is
exactly the character of this bill.
Mr. "WILSON. A kind of slave tmde.
Mr. MORRILL. It is a sort of "Coolie"
business, close on to the business of slave im-
portation. Now, he says there is an objection,
somebody raises an objection to this sort oi
thing on the ground "that it is subjecting a
man to an offensive bondage, inconsistent with
our general principles, which give a man the
right even to break a contract if he pleases,
taking the legal consequences."
See his answer to that:
" Answer:
" 1. It puts no restraint oil his person. There is
no power of personal reclamation.
"2. The ordinary 'consequences.' where a man
breaks his contract, are, a liability to subjection in
damages. But this liability is nothing to this cl ass
of men. The ' consequences' should be adapted to
the case, and the only ones that can operate upon
them are those which give a special right to a claim-
ant to take thefruits of their labor.
" 8. This remedy is peculiarly fit in this view. Tho
employer is an importerof labor. This labor ho buys
at a peculiar risk. The workman, who alone has this
commodity "—
That is this laborer—
"in charge, runs away with it. How fit that the
commodity should be seized wherever found."
That is the language here.
Mr. WILSON. What is that? What have
you got there?
Mr. MORRILL. I have got a dissertation
on the bill under consideration which they ask
us to pass. Thifr is the commentary, and these
are the reasons forpassing the bill—the reasons
for making the Government of the United States
a party to a system to engage in the purchase
of labor in foreign countries and the importa-
tion of it into this country, and enforcing a lien
on the labor and pursuing it into the far West
wherever it goes, impounding the labor for the
payment of the expenses of importation. That
is it. There has been nothing more absurd
than this in my day and generation in legisla-
tion.
I do not know that I ought to take up any
more time in commenting on this essay by which
the bill is explained. It is very lengthy and
refined you will see. Another objection, it is
said, is—
" That the workman may bo harshly treated, and
so justified in running away."
Somebody, lie imagines, will raise thatobjec-
tion. He answers that—
" Tho workman has some security in the fact that
it is for the interest of every employer to treat him
well, that lie may not run away."
I supposed we had got through with that kind
of argument long ago, especially when we
emancipated the slaves. The idea of cruelty,
he says, is no argument at all. To be sure we
impound these men and impound their wages,
but they are under contract and they ought, to
be impounded, and there is no hardship in it
and there will bo no oppression, because it will
be for tho interest of the employer always to
treat them well! That is the old argument of
slavery. The whole system was built up under
it. Now, mind you, they not only ask that we
shall authorize this board of commissioners to
make this contract, but they ask us to enforce
it; they aslc us to send agents all over tho
country, into the West and elsewhere to en-
force it.
By way of showing the refinement, the ex-
tent to which it goes, let me read a little more
from this document:
" Thenew employeractsvoluntarilyinthemattcr."
That is to say, these agents have a right to
follow this man, and if they find him employed
they impound him, or they demand that the
new employer shall pay the expenses of his
importation or else discharge him; and it is
fancied that somebody will object to that, and
in reply to the objection, he says:
"1. The new employer acts voluntarily in themat-
ter. lie elects whether to keep tho man with this
liability, or to dismiss him. It is no burden imposed
on him.'
"2. It is clearly right in itself."
Here is the logic of it, and here is the mo-
rality of it:
"2. It is clearly right in itself. The original em-
ployer has imported the man at a far greater risk
than that incurred by the new employer in keeping
him.
"Consider—
"1. That the importer took tho risk of his being
wrecked or dying on the way, and his being enticed
away on landing.
"2. That the importer hired a man whom ho had
never seen, and took the risk of his capacity and
character.
"3. That the importer has brought a new laborer
into the country,-and so is entitled to special consid-
eration. ' .
"And now eonsider, on the other side—
"1. That the new employer is only electing tokeep
a man whom he has seen and tried, and of whose ca-
pacity and trustworthiness he can judge."
This is the reasoning and this is the logic.}
but the query I am addressing to the.Senate is,
what reason is there that the Senate of the
United States should becomes party to this
sort of morality and this sort of contracts?
That is the question.
l?or these and a variety of other reasons
which would suggest themselves to the Senate
and which are very obvious, the main one being
that this is an utter and entire departure from
the policy of this Government from its foun-
dation down, the Committee on Commerce
could not agree to this bill. While, sir, we
have opened our arms to receive the down-
trodden and oppressed from all the nations of
the earth, while we have desired and intended
to make and have actually made this the asy-
lum for the oppressed from all the nations of
the earth and have made it particularly attract-
ive, and while by the beneficence of our insti-
tutions everj' man when he lands on our shores
is entitled to protection, and so we hold out
the grandest inducement on the earth for the
oppressed of all nations to come here, yet we
have never thought it worth while to inaugur
rate a policy to go out among the peoples of
Europe and purchase them in the market like
cattle, and then bind them to us by penalties
and conditions and terms which would disgrace
a barbarous nation and which would Garry us
back to that period when we were engaged in
the importation of Africans, and justified our-
selves upon the ground that they were savages
and wo were improving their condition. This
is but one step removed from that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would ask my friend
from Maine if he will permit this bill to go over
until to-morrow?
Mr. MORRILL. I have just a word or two
more to say of it, and then I shall be done. I
have now touched the general subject. When
the act of 1804, which got through this Sen-
ate not exactly by misadventure, was pro-
posed, I thought I saw in it what the Senate
would not approve; but it was passed in the
morning hour without attracting much atten-
tion, on the idea that it was entirely inoffensive.
I do not think it would have arrested the at- ,
tention of anybody now but for this publication
and for the amendments whicli are asked.
When they had taken the incipient step and
lia'd got a Commissioner of Immigration ap-
pointed, the next thing was to enlarge his |
powers because it was a large subject; if this
nation was going to deal in importing men and
pay the expenses of the importation and bind
them by contracts to pay the money and im-
pound them until they do, it was a pretty large
subject. It grew ujpon thfe minds of thesa par-
ties; and those who were engaged in if, you
will see, when they came to consider it found
that it was a thing that needed very much elab-
oration and very much of detail and very much
of refinement, and involved a great many prin-
ciples that are not exactly in harmony with the
principles of our Government. It called not
only upon the Executive, but it called upon the
judiciary and all the powers of the Govern- *
merit to enforce it.
This amended bill which came from the
other House was framed to meet this neces-
sity, to meet this demand set out here, and
what do they propose? Why, sir, they pro-
pose to establish in several of the Atlantic
cities a commissioner of immigration, to open
an office under the Government of the United
States, to have one commissioner and as many
clerks as the case may be supposed to require.
The present office in New York is to be strength-
ened ; one is to be opened in Boston, I do not
know but in Portland, in New Orleans, in Phil-
adelphia, in San Francisco, and in some of the
cities of the interior. In all these places agen-
cies or superintendencies under the authority
and direction of the United States are to be
opened, upon whom are to be conferred pow-
