1162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
lng before them all offenders against the provisions
of this act, and on examination to discharge, admit
to bail, or commit thorn lor trial, as the facta may
warrant.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I move to add the
following as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That nothing in thin act
glial! be so construed as to affect the laws of any State
concerning the right of suffrage.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to say one word. That
section will not change my construction of the
bill. I do not believe the term civil rights in-
cludes the right of suffrage. Some gentlemen
seem to have some fear on that point.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I renew the motion
to recommit; and I move the bill, as amended,
be printed.
1 ho latter motion was agreed to.
The bill then went over, according to the un-
derstanding of the House, until Thursday next,
after the morning hour.
REGULAR ARMY.
Mr. SCIIENOK. I abk leave to introduce
the following iesolution:
Jlctohed, <{*<\, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to furnish art soon art possible, for the infor-
mation of Congress the following:
First, the strength of the regular Army of the Uni-
ted States on the 1-.L day of M.iv, lSo~>.
Scond. the strength of that Army on the 3M day
of December, 18i>\
Third, the number of recruits added thereto from
Msiv 1. 1HC". to January 1,
Fourth, the number of deserters from the icgulnr
pcrvice No tar ns^liown bv reports already leceived
by any bur.uu of the War Dep.it i in"ii() f or e<i<-h month
fiom May I. 1^>">, to Januai v 1. including dela-
tions from rccruitmgorother rendezvous and depots.
Mr. WASUBUUNE, of Illinois. I object.
I do not think \vr ought to pass that at the
present time. We ought to have time to look
into it.
ORDER. OF PnOCKP.DINO TO-MORROW.
Mr. WASirnnrUNK, of rilmoi*. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House, that when
the I louse meets to-morrow it be for debate,
as in Committee of the Whole, on the Presi-
dent's message.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
THIS MEXICAN LOAN.
Mr. SOUENCK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent. of the House to oiler the following resolu-
tion :
R'kuIvccI, That the President bo requested to com-
municate to I his llnti-e, at curly a (lav as praetic,i-
bie, jf m his opinion not incompatible with t he public
interest, any correspondence or other inhumation in
hi-  po.-sessinn, or on lilo in (tie Slate l)t part men!,
having relation to anvsteps taken In (he republican
Government of Mexico directed to the. negotiation
of a loan in the li nited States tor t he purpose of pio-
r.uring means to a in t hat Republic in its efloi ts to
maintain its independence.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object.
KNUOLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the (Committee on Enrolled
Bill#, reported i hat the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled joint resolution (II.
It. No. 70) authorizing the Secretary of War to
transfer to the u National Home for Soldiers'
and Sailors' Orphans, of Washington city," cer-
tain stores not needed for the use of the Govern-
ment ; when the Speaker signed the same.
AOKirur/iTRE AND MECHANIC ARTS.
Mr. IIOTCJIKLSS, by unanimous conscnt,
introduced a bill to encourage education m ag-
riculture and the mechanic arts; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. CONlvLlXO,
(at five minutes.toliveo'clock p. m.,) theIIousc
adjourned.  
PETITION'S, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., wero presented under
the rule, and ref'eriedto appropriate committees:
By Mr. AMES: The petition of North Bridgcwatcr
Savings Bank, praying for a modification of the in-
ternal revenue law taxing deposits and dividends of
savings banks.
Alio, the petition of North Easton Savings Bank,
for leiief fiom taxation on deposits and dividends
of savings banks.
Also, the petition of the Bristol County Savings
Bank, praying for a modification of the internal rev-
enue law imposing a tax on deposits and dividends
of savings institutions.
Also, the petition of Lewis Holmes, and others, cit-
izens of Bridgewater, Massachusetts, for an amend-
ment to the Oonstitutiuii to impose such conditions
upon the rebel States as shall punish treason and
reward loyalty and abolish nil laws making distinc-
tion on account of race or color.
Al-o. the petition of Artemur Halo, and others,
citizens of Bridpewater. Massachusetts, asking an
amendment to the Constitution ot the United .States,
providing tor the election of President and Vice Pres-
ident by a direct vote; also authorizing Congress to
presciibe by law the qualifications of voters for Presi-
dent, Vice President, and representatives to Con-
gress.
Also, the petition of Ilingham Institutions for Sav-
ings, praying for the modification ot the internal rev-
enue law, imposing tax on deposits and dividends of
savings institutions.
By Mr. ASIILEY, of Nevada: The memorial of
ofiiceiM of United States steamer Sarannc.
At*,o, the memorial of olliccis of United States
steamer Comanche.
Also, the memorial of officers at Marc Island navy-
yard.
By Mr. BALDWIN : The petition of tho Worces-
ter cuuntv, Massachusetts, Institution for Savings,
for relief from tax on deposits in savings banks.
By Mi. BARKER. Tho petition of citizens of Blair
county, Pennsylvania, asking that the revenue laws
be so adjusted that more adequate protection bo
afforded to American industry.
A lio, t lie petition ofeitrzens of Philadelphia, asking
that tho revenue laws be so adjusted as to aflord
more adequate protection to labor.
A Iso, the pel it ion of O! i \ e W i ight, of the State of
Ma inc. widow ot .Joseph Wi igh t, a l evolutionarv s,->I-
dtei, asking tfie benefit of act ot Congress approved
A pi ill, U;G t, <. p. titled ' An act to increase the pension
ot revolutionary pen-loners now oil tho loll of the
Pension Oilieo," to he extended to her.
Also, petitions of citi/.ens of Blair county, Ponn-
svlvanni, pi ay tug that Hieh altera,! ion be made m the
icvenue l;uv> ;e> will liMiro to (be laborers in all
hranehes ofindustiy constant employment at remu-
nerative wa-rfs.
B> Air. l>Ol'T\VELL* The petition of Lowell In-
-titutioiia toi Savimts, m releienee to taxing savings
bunks.
AKo, the petition of f>wS colored citizens of Georgia,
asking for the oieett\ e franelnso that they may more
cllicieiitly exhibit their loyalty.
Also, tho memorial of loyal citizens of Alabama,
setting bnih their grievance*.
liv Mr. 1 >I?N J>V: Tho petition and vouchers ofW.
I). Wesson, laic a com notary of subsi-teneeof volun-
tcei foi pav due I urn ft <>n\ the loth day of September,
to January J, ISi>J.
By Mr. COOK* The memorial of 120 citizens of La
S.illecouniy, I Union, piaymgthat Government bonds
be subje* ted to (qu.il taxation with other property,
and remonstrating against the withdrawal of legal
notes by tho substitution of untaxed bonds.
Also, the memorial of Dilluum & Co., of Will
county, Illinois, pr,lying that the internal revenue
law be so amended as to relieve manufacturers of
to-crieulfural implements lrotn the exeessivo duplica-
tion ot taxes to winch they nio now subjected.
By Mr. CULLOM: A remonstrance signed bv nu-
merous cdw.ens of Spiing/iold, Illinois, against the
parage of a la w a u! luu i/nnr tho Postmaster General
to Fell M inuped cm elopes at tho value of the stamps
uupi e^cd i hei com.
By. Mr. DAVIS; Thcpetition ol A. Bindley^- Son,
munuho'lurer^ of agricultural implements in Syra-
cuse, Now ork, pvajing lbr alteration of mteinal
revenue law a fleeting m.inulaetin'ots.
Bv M i. T>MM LN<t : The petit ion of envelope man-
uI,tetureis, against the gratuitous distribution of
By j fiNCKES: The petition of II. A. Uautz,
atnl others, citizens ot Penns> Ivania, for passage of a
general bankrupt law.
Bv jMi . 110 I'CIIKISS : The romon«trancoofciti/ons
of the St ate of New Votk, against the passage of a law
authorizing tho Postmaster General to sell stamped
envelopes at tho value of tho stamps impressed
thereon.
Al-o, tho petition of citizen4? of Binghamton, New
York: praying Congress to enact uniform laws upon
thcsuluect ot insurance.
By Mr. LAWRKXCK, of Ohio: Thcpetition of D.
I F. Spain, and others, wool-groweis of Champaign
1 county, Ohio, in fu\ or of a tax on dors.
I Also, tho remonsiraneo of W. 0. llaskins, and
I otheis, of Pejua, Ohio, a^aixv-t the bill to authorise
! tho Postmaster (Jenei al to sell stamped envelopes at
' the value ofthestamps thereon.
Also, uie remonstrance of Kcllov& Brother, of Troy,
Ohio, on the sarao subioct. *'
Also, tho petition of 0. Fcrrall, Daniels & Co., of
Ptqua, Ohio, and others, manufacturers of agricul-
tural implements, for a change in the revenue laws
affecting such manufactures.'
Also, tho petition of William M. Bryant, of Jay
county, Indiana, and others, asking that said Bryant,
of company A, second battalion, second regiment.
United States volunteers, in tho war of 1812, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of P. TI. "Wylio, and many others,
citizens of Ohio, asking Congress to adopt measures
for amending the preamble tothcCon«titution of the
United States so that it shall acknowledge Almighty
God as the «ource of all authority and power in civil
government., and tho Lord Je&us Christ as the Ruler
among tho nations, and Jlis revealed will as of su-
preme authority, <£c.
Also, the petition of I. C. (r-arrett, and 54 dihers,
citizens at and nearVinton Furnace, Vinton county
Ohio, for an increase of the tariff on imports to pro-
tect manufacturers of iron, &e.
Also, the petition ot Isaac Brown, and 64 others,
from the same place, on the same subject.
Also, the petition oi John Brooks, and 55 others, cit-
izens at Lawrcnce Furnace, Ld.v*icnce county, Ohio,
on the same subject.
Also, the petition of John Stewart, and 50 others, of
Galiia Furnace, Uallia county, Ohio, on the samo
subiect.
Also, the petition of T. A. Dempsy, and G7others, of
Vesuvius Furnace, Lawrence county, Ohio, on tho
same subjcct.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: The pe-
tition of the association of wool-growers of western
Pennsylvania, for an increase of duties on foreign
wool.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of trustees of tho
Baptist church ol Tyrone, and the trustees of tho
United Brethren's church of Tyrone, Blair county,
Pennsylvania,for damagesdonc to the church build-
ings in consequence of the same being occupied by
Captain J. W. Caipenter, of company K, sixteenth
regiment Veteran Reserve corp*.
Also, the petition fiom mechanics and laborers
in manufacturing establishments of Union county,
Pennsylvania, lor amending the taiiff so as to pro-
tect labor.
By Mr. M00RIIEA1) • The petition of Mrs. Eliza-
beth T. Moorhcad, of theDistiict of Columbia, pray-
incr for relief.
By Mr. MORRIS: Thcpetition of A. F. Whitakcr,
of Penn Yan, and othersv a committee of the plow-
makers of western New Yoik, asking for relief fiom
inordinate taxes.
By Mr. P/tlNE: The petition of A. 0. Richmond,
and 0l  others, tobacco-glowers of Walworth county,
V/i^con-un, for a reduction of the tax on the lower
grades of ciirars and smoking tobacco.
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: 'flic petition of
• Edward F. Bevcn^, acting volunteer lieutenant Uni-
ted States Navy, for reimbuiscmcnt for expenses m
defending himself m a suit against the owneis of tho
French ship Li Manohe.
By Mr. SCIIEX CK: The petition of soldiers of Ohio,
for equal bounties
ANo, the petition of mechanics and laborers, for
legislation to piotect American industry.
By Mr. SPALDING- The petition of Patrick Boy-
Ian, oi Cleveland, Ohio, asking for a register for tho
Biindi-built schooner, E. P. Ryerse, now owned in
the United States.
By Mr. WASilBURNE, of Illinois: The petition of
manv citizens of niinois, prajing Congress to pass a
law enacting that eight hour-! shall be the period of a
legal day's labor for allr work men, artisans, or laborers
m the employ of the United States.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, March 3, 18G6.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. 0. V>. Boynto.w
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The House resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the consid-
eration of the President's annual message,
upon which the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. McKkk] nas entitled to the iioor.
ItEOONSTJlTXTlON.
Mr. McKEE. I ask the Clerk to read the
joint resolution which I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Joint resolution to n ineud the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, prohibiting conspirators and men who
have beeu or shall be engaged iu rebellion from
holding certain offices.
Rt'solvcd In/ the Senate and JTouno of Representatives
of the United States of Ama ieu ui C<>r<grc*<* a**e }b!cdt
(two thirds of both Houses concurrng,) Thatthcfol-
lowing amendment to the Constitution bo proposed
to the several State Legislature-, which, when* rati-
fied bv three fourths of the several Slates, shall be
valid to all intents and puipos.es as part ot the Con-
stitution:
Aiitioi.k—. No person shall be qualified or shall
hold the office of President or Vice President of tho
United States, Senator or Representative in the na-
tional Congress, or anv ofliccnow held under appoint-
ment from the Piondent of the United Stales and
requiring the confirmation of the Senate, who has
been or shall hei caiter be engaged in any armed con-
spiracy or rebellion against the Government of the
United States, or whohashcldorshall hereafter hold
any ofhee, either civil or military, under any pre-
tended government or conspiracy set up within the
same; or who has voluntarily aided, or who shall
hereafter voluntarily aid, abet, or encourage any
conspiracy or rebellion against the Government of-
the United States.
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, it is my pur-
pose at present to submit some remarks on the
proposition just read. I know, sir, that the
country is excited, agitated, and perplexed on
the great question of reconstruction upon which
all men talk, and yet, sir. if we adopt the the-
ory of certain persons, and of a certain party,
the term is wholly inappropriate. These men
