3082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
That is already provided for by the treaty
made on the 7th of August, 1856.
Mr. HENDRICKS. How is it in the Cher-
okee nation? m
Mr. POMEROY. The same is true of all the
Indian country through which this road passes,
excepting the Cherokee country. I believe a
treaty for that purpose is now pending before
the President. Such a treaty has been made,
at any rate; but it has not been ratified by the
Senate. The treaties with all the other Indian
tribes on the line of this road contain special
reservations of the right of way. It is also
contained in the treaty with the Cherokees
■which has not yet been ratified by the Senate.
Now, I ask, where rests- the argument of the
Senator from Indiana that this bill is a viola-
tion of treaty stipulations, when we have care-
fully inserted in every Indian treaty a provis-
ion that the United States, or any incorporated
company, should have the right of way? That
is all there is about it. There is no grant of
the public lands in that country, but simply a
right of way for this company, which is already
provided for in all the treaties except that with
the Cherokees; and that the Committee on
Indian Affairs may put in, or strike out, just
as they have a mind to do. If it is not put in,
the Cherokee Council or Cherokee Legislature
will have the right to give the right of way,
and if it is put in, it lias already been given.
That is all the difference. There is no grant
of land in the Indian country ; nothing but the
right of way, which I say is provided for in
every Indian treaty but one, and that treaty
wo shall act upon before the session closes.
So far as the grants of land to the State of
Kansas are concerned, f have shown that wo
received less than one half of what other west-
ern States have received.
The argument of the Senator from Indiana
the other day, at first, was that J his bill gave
too much land to the Slate of Kansas, and
finally lie closed by saying that it did not give
any ; that it was a sort of imposition ; that it
gave this company a status by pretending to
give them a grant which they would not, have
without the act, when it really did not give
them a grant. If it does not give them a grant
then it docs not add to the hud already given.
If it does give them a grant, the parties with
whom they negotiate will know precisely how
much is granted to them.
1 will only say in "closing, for 1 desire to
obtain a vote on the bill, that there is no objec-
tion to this bill that cannot be raised against
every other laud-grant bill that, has ever been
presented. There is no objection to its form
or phraseology, and the facts relating to it arc
precisely similar to those in relation to other
land-grant bills which have passed this Senate.
Mr. TRUMIMJLL. 1 have not looked into
the Iudian treaties, nor have i examined the
line of this road, to see what Indian country
it will pass through; but I know, generally,
that it must pass through the Indian country,
or through country set apart 'for the Indians
which lies west of Arkansas. I should like to
inquire of the Committee on Public Lands if
it is not true that the Cherokees hold their
lands by patent from the United States. If
that is so, 1 should like to inquire by what au-
thority the Congress of the United States pro-
poses to give the right of way through that
country, and lake the lauds belonging to those
parties.
Mr. POMERO Y. As I understand the ques-
tion of the Senator, it is whether the Cherokees
have got titles to their land.
Mr. TRUM13 CJLJL A patent title from the
Government; whether they do not own it in
f*0g 
Mr. POMEROY. They claim to have ; I do
not know the fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I should like to
know if it is proposed to pass a bill granting
the right of way two hundred feet wide through
their country. You might as well grant it
through the State of Maine or the State of Illi-
nois over the private farms of individuals.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator has not
noticed that we have said " with the consent
of the Indian tribes."
had.
Their consent is to be
Can the Indian tribes
If they have a patent,
Mr. TRUMBULL.
give consent?
Mr. POMEROY.
they can.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They may, if it is not
held in severalty, and they may, perhaps, by
treaty dispose of their lands.
Again, I notice that in this eleventh section
it is provided—
That the right of way, when not otherwise granted
in this bill, shall bo obtained by said Kansas and
Neosho Valley Railroad Company, or either .of tho
companies named in this act, in accordance with the
provisions of section thiee of an act to amend an
act entitled "An act to aid in the construction a
railroad and telegraph lino from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of tho same for postal, military, and other
purposes," approved July 1,1862.
Now, is it proposed to authorize, by an act
of the Congress of the United States, a com-
pany chartered by Kansas to condemn lands in
Kansas, and to condemn lands in Texas, or in
any other State? Tho bill for the construction
of the Pacific railroad, a great national work
in favor of which an exception was made by
the Congress of the United States in order to
connect the two oceans, and which runs through
the Territories of tho United States, contains
some provision of this kind. I do not know
that tho Congress of tho United States has ever
before undertaken to authorize a chartered com-
pany to condemn lands in a State. It seems
to me that should be done by State legislation.
Mr. POMEROY. This does not go through
any State where there is not already a law 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly it goes through
tho State of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I say, where there is not
already a law providing for condemnation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then rely on that law;
do not provide that the lands shall be con-
demned by an not of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States. You need 110 such provision if you
are going to condemn tho land under the act of
Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator will observe
that that applies only where tho condemnation
is not provided for by law.
Mr. TRU MB ULL. '' That the right of Way,
when not otherwise granted in this bill, shall
be obtained by said Kansas and Neosho Val-
ley Railroad Company, or either of the com-
panies named in this act, in accordance with
the provisions of section throe of ah act," &c.
Mr. POMEROY. To clear it of any doubt,
I will insert the words "when not otherwise
provided by law."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the provision with
regard to these connecting roads seems to me
to be a very dangerous one. T know we have
had in my State a great deal of controversy as
to the lines ol'railroad, and whether-companies
should be authorized to build the roads just
where they pleased and to connect where they
pleased. There is a provision in this eleventh
section broad enough to authorize the Camden
and Amboy Railroad Company t,o build a road
to connect with the Neosho Valley railroad in
Kansas. It authorizes any road in tho United
States, as I understand it, to make a connec-
tion with this road. I do not suppose the bill
is intended for any such purpose, but it seems
to mo it is very loosely guarded, to say the
least.
I wish to throw no obstacle in the way of the
grants of lands for railroad purposes in the new
States. I think it has been a wise policy which
has led to the granting of every other alternate
section of the public lands where by such grant
we have secured the construction of a road;
but to grant these lands as we are now doing,
without very much consideration, and granting
them one after another, covering the country
all over with grants which are conflicting one
with another, and conflicting with the rights of
the Indian tribes, to whom we have set apart
these districts of country, is calculated to lead
to a conflict of titles hereafter _ which will be
productive of infinite mischief in all this new
country.
My attention was called to this subject of the
grant of lands through tho Indian country in
consequence of my being upon the Indian Com-
mittee, upon which I was placed for the first
time at the present session of Congress; and
I felt very much embarrassed in my action
upon that committee in consequence of grants
of land which have already been made through
the Indian country. We find that railroad com-
panies to whom grants of land have been made
insist, and they insist with some plausibility,
too, that the Congress of the United States,
having granted them the right of way through
the Indian country, although there is a provis-
ion in the treaty that the Indians are to be
protected and no white man is to settle within
the limits of tho district of country set apart
to them, has placed itself under obligation^ to
the company to clear up the title and to give
them the lands; and when we come to settle
tho Indian tribes, and make treaties with other
Indian tribes, an objection is interposed at once,
especially by the Senator from Kansas not now
111 his seat, [Mr. Lake,] that he will not con-
sent that any more Indians shall be settled in
the Indian country in Kansas. Why? Because
the faith of the nation is pledged to these rail-
road companies and to get these Indians out'
of Kansas; and I might state to the Senate, if
any one was paying attention to what I was
saying, that the result within the last two^years
of these claims set up on the part of Kansas
has been that fifteen hundred Indians, who were
driven out of the Indian country by the war
and up into Kansas, have been sent out of
Kansas and back to Fort Gibson, and have
been there for the last eighteen months, living
in tents and fed by our supplies, without doing
a thing. They have got no country, and they
arc just living there, camping out like soldiers
around Port Gibson. We are feeding them,
or otherwise tlicy would starve to death.
Mr. POMEROY. What has that got to do
with this question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has this much to do
with it: but for these very grants insisted upon
in Kansas those Indians would be making a
living in Kansas, but you drove them away and
would not allow them to stay there.
Mr. CONNESS. They were taken away
from the settlements.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They were taken away
from the settlements by stationing them around
Fort Gibson under canvas tents, and they have
been there for eighteen months.
Mr. CONNESS. I said they were taken
away from the settlements.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is true they were
driven away very frequently by the war. That
is an exigency that I hope will not arise again.
I only mention it as one of the difficulties that
are to be met with in making these grants of
way through the Indian Territory. The truth
is, I do not apprehend this road is going to be
speedily built through that country. I think
it will be time enough to make the grant at
some future time. If this bill is to pass I hope
it will be guarded in these respects, and that
110 grant of lands will be made to take effect,
and I want it in the grant itself, in the Indian
country until the consent of the Indian tribes
shall have been obtained.
Mr. HENDERSON. I regret very much that
opposition should be made to this measure. It
seems to be very strenuous. T cannot see, after
the numberless railroad bills that have been
passed, and the companies chartered by the
Federal Government, to pass through the In-
dian lands, and we have sat here silently and
permitted them to pass, that an objection should
specially be presented in this case. The Sen-
ator from Illinois says—and that is really the
only objection to the bill—thatso far as the Cher-
okee lands arc concerned we cannot grant the
right of way without the consent of the In-
dians. If that is true, this bill does not grant
it. If it is necessary to go any further, I am
