98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
honorable. His public duties were always dis-
charged with honor to himself and fidelity to
his_ country. In the terrible ordeal through
"which, as a nation, we hare just passed, he
presented a noble example of loyalty and pa-
triotic earnestness in the support of the Govern-
ment. He won the love and admiration of every
loyal heart by his untiring zeal and devoted-
ness in the cause of his country. Barely in-
deed have the portals of the grave closed over
a better man. In all the varied relations of
life he sustained a reputation above allreproach.
He has left to his sorrowing friends the undying
memorials of an honorable life. When living
he received the homage of my respect, and now
that he is dead I find a mournful pleasure in
paying a just tribute to his memory and his vir-
tues. I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate has received with deep
sensibility tlie message of the House of Representa-
tives announcing the death of Hon. Orlakdo Kel-
logg, a member of that House troia the State of New-
York.
Resolved, That as a testimony of respect for the
memory or the deceased, the members of the Senate
will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Unsolved. That a copy of these proceedings be trans-
mitted to the family of the deceased by the Secretary
of the Senate.
JicsolveJ, That as a further token of respect for tlio
memory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 20, 1805.
The House mot at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Kev. C. 33. 13oy>"to:nt.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
menage from tiic fexate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. forxey, its Secretary, notifying the houm;
that that body had passed the following con-
current resolutions, in which, lie was directed
to ask the concurieucc of the House:
t Resolved by the invite, (the House of Iter>rc?cnta-
tives conourrint:,) That tho Committee on Manufac-
tures of the respective Houses inquire if the tax from
the intoned revenue a<*t upon the products of domes-
tic manufactui c in pre.itei than 1 lie duty, piemium on
gold, expenses of exchange, and transportation upon
eimihir pioducts imported, and if thereby the foreign
product is entered for consumption ujion nioie favor-
able terms than the domestic produce, to report a
remedy by bill or otherwise.
^Resolved b>/ the St nnt*\ (the ITou^c of Representa-
tives coiH'un iim,) That ! lu'joint committee oi the two
Houses appointed under a hunt "(Solution at the last
session of Oon^re^s to mvc-jti^ato Indian afi'.iirs. have
liberty to make their repoit at any time during the
present sc.-sion of Congress.
adoption otf slayliiy.
Mr. broomaltj, by uiifnumous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; -which was
read, considered, and referred to the joint
comuiitice on recoii.^iiaction :
UcRoh'rt], That the amendment to the Constitution
of the United State"-? nhoii-hn;-' slav-ry or inrol'in-
tary servitude, except as [>um<himmr for crime, ha\ -
inf now 1cm n r.irifiert 1-y three louith* of the c^tai.es
coinpri-in.r 'he u'ovci umciit of the United St,ito\ to
wit, the Slater of Illinois, "Rhode Miilnsun,
Maryland, In c.v Yoi k, Vn.cimu, 31.tine, Kansas,
jVIi5<s;u-!ju*eils, Penii =;■ 1 s a-na. Ohio, Mi-.-uuri, Ne-
vada, Indiana, Mmne-ota, "Wi-coo^n, Vermont. Coo-
nccticut, and ]Scw llampshiie, tho i-amo has thereby
bu'Oiuc the paramount law <u the land; and ;hcilou^o
of Ileprc-ontativc- con^r-i.tuUtes the country on be-
ing at last and forevci free.
3<E0O\"STR'TTI0N.
Mr. BROOM^VLb. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of 1lie IIon>o to fubmit ihe following ros-
olatiun ['or reference to the joint committee on
reconstruction:
Re'-tJ w'l.l. Thnt tho termination of the recent civil
war has left theinhab^aut^ oi rhc territory rc."3aiiiu-d
from the late usurpation m t' e oorulifion ot a con-
quered people, an<Wi'hour political rir-.itfs.
2. 'Ihot as a legitimate eoi^couenee ti'O relation of
inkier and slave niiions? them i« dc.-tiovf d, and i;:at
it is not within the province of civil law e\ei to
revive it.
3. T'mt the future jjolitieal condition of the<e }>eo-
ple must be tixcd by tU<- dUpreme power ot tho con-
queror. and that tho cfvoctof arano?ty p^iclaiuations
and pardon*- isto reiieveindividualslrom inuiis-hmeufc
for crime,_not to confer upon them political rights.
4. Tnat it is not thejn'ere--t of the Govcrnnitn!; that
the.-e people hiid U remain in their p rodent unoi'^aiiizcd
condition ioiiffoi than is neccssary for then* own good
and tho good ol the country.
5. That Congress shouldconferuponthorntheneces-
sary power to form their own State governments and
local institutions, but that this cannot be done until
the rights oi those among them, of whatever caste or
color, who remained always true to their allegiance,
are effectually protected and guarantied.
6. That it is theparamountduty of the Government
to guard the interests of all within the conquered ter-
ritory who rendered no willing aid or comfort to the
public enemy; and if this cannot otherwise be done,
Congrcssshouldorganize State governments composed
of these alone, and forever oxclude from all political
power the active and willing participants in the late
usurpation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
, assistant assessors.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to appoint assistant
assessors of the internal revenue; which was
read a first and second time. The bill provides
that tho Secretary of the Treasury shall be
authorized to appoint any assistant assessors
of internal revenue now provided by law.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I will say
that as the law was first enacted the power was
given to the Secretary of the Treasury. It was
subsequently changed in order to relieve the
Secretary of the Treasury from so great a bur-
den as the appointment of so many officers.
That was objcctcd to. asbeing unconstitutional,
and now it is proposed to restore the law to
what it was, and to give the Secretary of the
Treasury the power to appoint those officers,
instead of leaving it as now, to be done by the
President of the United States, who certainly
has no time for such great labor.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do these appointments
require the confirmation of the Senate?
Air. MOKKLLL. They do at the present
time, and it is to relieve the President from the
j trouble of making these appointments and the
I Senate of confirming them that this bill is re-
i pored. '
! 'The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, as
the Committee of Ways and Means has been
divided, that undertime new rule the Committee
of Ways and Means is authorized to report at
any time for commitment, and the Committee
on Appropriations to report appropriation bills
at any time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read o third time ; and being engrossed, ft was
accordingly read tho third time, and passed.
pennsylvania contested-election case.
Air. la WHENCE presented tho petition of
Krai'h Fuller, asking leave to contest the seat
of lion. Jonx l. dawson* ; and moved that it,
with the accompanying papers, be referred to
the Committee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
jcdtotal system of the'united states.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a bill to amend
the judicial s.em of the United States; which
was read a fir.-,; and second time, referred to
the Committee 011 the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
civil s3uvice.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a bill to regulate
the civil service of the United States: which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
inssorr.i contested-election case.
Mr. PAVES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. The Committee of Elections
have instructed me to report the following res-
olution :
I'rinlvil, Thai in the matter of theeonteslcd-elee-
i 1011 ca-o of Hon. Sempromus Tl. Boyd a.irainst lion.
Joan ILKcl^u, it is hei el>y ordered that tho sitting
mem ucr be allow d fifty d;;y. from and after dio pus-
1 -o ■ ot tins ) evolution, lor the purpose of taking testi-
mony, and the contestant, it lie ehoo.-c, thirty days
theie.ifter for the pnrpo;,o of Uiki.itf teatin.eny io ic-
plytLo j-ein; endtliatin ail things, except tlie cvten-
siou oi'iiine lieiein prescribed, fotii parties bo required
to( imfni hi to the provision^ 01 the statute of February
lt>, le"J, iurei.il ion to contested election^ in this House.
I will say that this resolution is the result of
I mutual consent 011 the part of the two parties ;
j and therefore ihe committee have not gone into
1 the question whether the sitting member has
reasonable ground for asking for this exten-
sion.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
benjamin g. harris.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to communicate to this House a copy of the record,
finding, sentence, and action of the Executive there-
on, in the court-martial in tlie trial of Benjamin G.
Harris, a member of this House from the State of
Maryland.
The SPEAKER. This resolution calling for
executive information, unanimous consent is
required for its introduction .at this time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that I shall
object, but I desire to inquire of the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether that record called
for will include the testimony taken in the case?
I would rather have tho word '' testimony'' in-
serted.
Mr. DAWES. The committee understand
that the testimony is part of the record.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would like to have the
word "testimony" inserted in the resolution.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to that.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend by in-
serting that word.
Mr. DAWES. I accept that amendment.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
house reporters.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I desire to report, from (he Committee
on Rules a resolution, which I send to the
Clerk's table.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resnhed, That tho following rule be, and hereby is,
adopted as a rule of the [louse, to take effect from
and after the 4th day of March, 1805:
Kci.i: —. Importers of the official proceedings of tho
House, published in the Globe newspaper by its order,
shall be recognized, and are hereby declared, oSicers
of the House for the purpose of reporting its proceed-
ings; and appointmcnt.snrreniovalsofsuciireportera
shall be held subject to the approval of the Speaker
ot the House. *
Mr. BANKS. This resolution is reported
with the unanimous approval of the Committee
011 Rules. It is intended only to assert the
privilege of the House over the reporters of its
own proceedings, and not to affect in any degree
tho relations which have been made for printing
the debates of the House.
As it is unanimously reported by the commit-
tee, I call the previous question.
Mr. HALE. I appeal to the gentleman to
allow me a moment.
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. HALE. I respectfully submit, with all
deference to the Committee on Rules, and the
weight, to which their deliberations are entitled,
that this is a question involving serious points
for tho consideration of this House as to per-
sonal and private rights—rights arising under
contract between the employer and employed;
that it is not a matter which ought to be pressed
upon this House under the previous question,
and without full and dispassionate considera-
tion. I certainly would desire to have an op-
portunity of raising certain questions upon the
propriety of such action by tlie House, and es-
pecially as the rule is made retroactive, going
back to the 4th of March last. I sincerely trust
the honorable gentleman who reported this res-
olution will not urge the previous question upon
its passage. It seems to me there are consid-
erations which will commend themselves to the
mind of the gentleman, and to the minds of
other members of this House, showing that this
question should be considered, and that the par-
ties who are interested should have an oppor-
tunity 10 be heard.
I beg leave to ask whether such a hearing
has been accorded by the committee to the pro-
prietors of the Globe, the parties immediately
interested in the settlement of this question?^
Mr. BANKS. No such offer has been made,
