1866.
THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
3083
perfectly willing to protect the rights of the
Indians. There is a right given here to con-
demn lands. Suppose that by the treaty we
have no right to pass over those lands, of
course no act that we can pass will override
that treaty. We cannot take any rights away
from the Cherokees. But the Senate will re-
member that this bill provides for a road that
will pass over the lands of several tribes^ and
as I understand, the treaties with all the tribes
guaranty the right to the United States to build
a railroad whenever they see fit, with the ex-
ceDtion of the treaty with the Cherokees; and,
I believe it is true, as the Senator says, that the
lands have been granted by patent to the Cher-
okee Indians. I should like to ask the Senator,
as a lawyer, whether that will prevent the Uni-
ted States from'incorporating a company to
build a road over the Cherokee country; and
I should like to have an answer now, before I
proceed further.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the question?
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator says, in
consequence of the fact that the Cherokee
lands were granted by patent, that therefore
he cannot see the right, if I understand him,
of Congress to pass a bill incorporating a com-
pany to build a road over their lands. I ask
him if it is his opinion, as a lawyer, that we arc
debarred in consequence merely of a patent
having been granted to the lands^ from the
right of building a railroad over their country.
The Senator knows perfectly well that upon
the line of the Pacific railroad, from the Mis-
souri to the Pacific, there are dozens and doz-
ens of tribes over whose lands the Government
will have to construct the road. Now, is it
possible that we arc debarred the privilege of
building the road merely because we have
heretofore granted the lands, or oven if we
have patented the lands to the Indians? I do
not see that their title is superior to a title
granted by treaty, whether there was a patent
•or not. The Senator will remember that in
my own State, when settling the original Span-
ish grants at an early day, some of them were
patented and some never held any title except
the title they got by act of Congress. Our
supreme court decided—and it was brought to
the Supreme Court of the United States and
there affirmed—that the title by act of Con-
gress was just as good and just as valid as a
patent, as the act provided that a patent should
be issued; that the act itself was sufficient
evidence of a title.
If it be true that we are debarred from build-
ing 'a road across the Cherokee lands, even
though we grant to the Cherokees damages for
the right of way, we are in a very bad fix
indeed. That would debar us from building a
road to New Mexico, a thing long in contem-
plation, and in facta bill for which was passed
at this session. My colleague had charge of it
in the Senate, and it passed hero and went to
the other House, and was passed there, and
has been signed by the President. Jt provides
for constructing a road from Springfield, in
Missouri, the terminus of the southwestern
branch in Missouri, to Santa Fc. It passes
over the Cherokee country, and the bill pro-
vides for the right of way; and if the Senator s
positioti is coriect, that their lands were pat-
ented and we have 110 right togrant the right
of way without compensation, it only amounts
to this: that under the last section of this bill,
the one which we are now considering, this
railroad company will have to pay damages to
the Cherokees, because this bill cannot over-
ride the solemn treaty with the Cherokees and
does not affect, their rights. The Senator may
rest assured that this bill will in no particular
whatever affect the rights of the Cherokees nor
any other tribe of Indians where we have not
the absolute right reserved by treaty regulations
with them to pass over their lands. I am sure
of that. As aproposition of law, it is perfectly
clear If we have patented these lands, and
have not reserved the right to bui\d railroads
over them without compensation 111 the way
of damages, of course we shall have to pay
damages, and no company can go o\er them
without paying them. The Senator did not
exactly say it, but I say it is a fair assumption
from his argument, and if his position be true,
that because we have patented the lands instead
of merely giving evidence of title through the
instrumentality of a treaty, therefore we cannot
build a railroad across their lands at all, we are
in a very sad case. I do not know how many
Indian tribes we have patented the lands to;
perhaps the Cherokees and others.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In all the Indian Ter-
ritory the title granted by the Government was
different from the ordinary Indian title in this: to
the Choctaws, Chiekasaws, Seminolcs, Creeks,
and Cherokees the Government by treaty bound
itself to grant the lands by patent in fee-simple
forever. That was the way in which the title
was given to the Indians within flic Indian Ter-
ritory. And further, we, by treaty, bound our-
selves never to establish either a State or ter-
ritorial government over them, but they were
to be independent communities. It is proper
to state, however, that since the war treaties
have been negotiated, but not yet completed
and continued, with the Choctaws, Chieka-
saws, Seminolcs, and Creeks; and a treaty is
now pending with the Cherokees which may
bear, it is not improper for me to say, on the
question of granting the right of way for rail-
road purposes.
Mr. HENDERSON. Those treaties have
all been confirmed, except the one with the
Cherokees.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No.
Mr. HENDERSON. Most of them.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Not in the Indian Ter-
ritory. They have not yet been acted upon by
the Senate.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know what
position the Senate will take in reference to
this matter. If the Senate say that the Indian
country is in the position of a State, that it is
an independent sovereign State under the Con-
stitution of the United States, and that, it is 111
the situation of Illinois or Kansas, then, of
course, we cannot build a railroad there with-
out an act of incorporation from them, but
surely it would not be objectionable to pass
this bill, because, if that be true, this bill can-
not affect it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Missouri will allow me, that may be so ; jt may
be that, although Congress granted the right,of
way across my land in Illinois or his 111 Mis-
souri, nothing would pass by the grant, Con-
gress having no power to make it; but, surely,
he would not advocate the passage of a law of
t hat kind. If we have no right to pass it, I agree
that in the courts the grant would amount to
nothing; it would never pass title; butwhenthat
fact is stated to the law-making power, and it
is shown, surely Congress would not knowingly
or intentionally pass a law granting that which
it had 110 authority to grant; and I am sure
the Senator from Missouri would not advo- :
catc it. T . . ,
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not. I think
the Senator U correct in that ; but if he will
examine the bill I10 will sec that it pro\ides
for passing over States and Territories and
Indian territories. Now, clearly we have the
right, and in some of these Indian treaties we
have reserved the right, as the Senator from
Kansas has shown, to build these railroads by
treaty stipulations. There is another portion
of it, which is independent of the Indian right,
belonging to the United States; and another
portion of it is in the State of Kansas. Now,
we cannot say, and it is unnecessary, I think,
to say, so far as this road passes through the
State of Kansas, that the land condemned shall
be condemned according to the laws of Kan-
sas. That would be implied in the bill. _ It is
unnecessary to say that, so far as this bill ap-
plies to the territory belonging to the United
States, and through which we have the right to
pass, in all that portion it shall be condemned
in some other way, or the right of way shall be
granted, and in the Indian country damages
paid for the right of way. The Senator will
see that the latter clause of the last section 01
this bill provides that "the right of way, when
not otherwise granted in this bill, shall be ob-
tained by said Kansas and Neosho Valley Rail-
road Company, or cither of the other compa-
nies named in this act, in accordance with the
ill unu ~    --
provisions of section three of an act to amend
an act entitled 'An act to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph line from the
Missouri river.'"
Wherever this bill does not grant the right
of way, and cannot grant the right of way, then
the right of way is to be condemned, the Sen-
ator will see. It cannot grant the right of way
in Kansas—that is utterly impossible—except
over the public lands. Where it is necessary
to condemn the lands, they will have to be con-
demned according to Kansas laws. Now, when
we get into the Indian Territory, whenever we
come to the Cherokee lands, if they build the
road at all, they must pay the Indians the dam-
ages, and the damages must be assessed ac-
cording to the laws of the Pacific railroad cor-
poration. But if the Senator's intimation be
true that we cannot build across the Cherokee
country without an act of the Legislature granted
by the Cherokees, then of course the company
would be debarred entirely ; but that does not
interfere with this bill, because the bill itself
provides for building over all sorts of Territo-
ries of the United States. I cannot see that
the bill could be changed so as to make it bet-*
ter adapted to the different sorts of country
over which the line of road has to pass. It is
utterly impossible.
The Senator from Indiana presented several
objections to the bill. In the first place, he
said that Kansas had hadland enough. Well,
sir, Kansas, I suppose, has had a good deal of
land. If you were to ask my opinion about
this thing, 1 would say that our New England
friends have sat by and suffered these lands in
the West to be squandered for many years
unnecessarily. Since I have been a member
of the Senate, I have never asked the Senate
to pass one of these railroad bills. I do not
ask the Senate to pass this, except at the urgent
solicitation of several of my constituents from
the western part of my State and the member
who represents the Kansas City district. The
people there are very anxious to have the priv-
ilege of building this road. I never hav'e been
in favor of this wholesale granting of the pub-
lic lands. I believe that in nine cases out of
ten, certainly in one half the cases, our eastern
friends, in their munificence, giving away; the
lands to the western people, have merely given
them to companies who have used them, per-
haps, for their own benefit, instead of building
the roads as they ought to have done, lhatis
tlic experience in my own State.
The other day I spoke of our experience m
the southeastern part of the State with the
Cairo and Fulton Railroad Company. They
not, only got all our lands, but they got a large
quantity of money from the State, which was
not benefited by it. We did not get the rail-
road built, and have not got anything in re-
turn. As the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes]
suggests to me, our eastern friends comeout
and'get the use and benefit of the lands. _ They
agree to build the roads, and get possession of
the lands, and then go off and fail to build the
roads. I do not know but tli<3y get benefited
about as much as wo do in it; but I always
blamed this munificence of the eastern men 111
making these land grants^ without knowing ex-
actly how the appropriations are to be made,
or whether the roads are to be built or not.
Mr. EESSENDEN. The Senator throws a
slight imputation on some of us, and I want to
sav to him  _ , „
Mr. HENDERSON. I am satisfied the Sen-
ator has no constituents out there. I believe
but few come from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to say to the Sen-
ator, with regard to that, that my experience
has been that the western gentlemen have
claimed the exclusive control of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and they have had it and
managed it in their own way. I did attempt
for some years to ask questions about these
