1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Secretary of State shall prescribe. That
is the first section. "What is the business of
this Commissioner of Immigration and of his
three clerks? Only to prescribe the forms for
making contracts in Europe. That is all he
has to do in the world; and you have a Com-
missioner of Immigration, at a salary of $2,500,
with three clerks of such grade as the Secre-
tary of State shall direct, with no other busi-
ness in the world than just to prescribe rules
for makiug contracts in Europe. He never
makes any contracts ; his office is to be here
in the State Department; he is just as efficient
an aid of immigration, it seems to me, as would
be a superintendent of a New England man-
ufacturing company who should have his office
located in the basement of this Capitol. He
cannot do a thing to aid immigration; he is the
merest show in the world.
There is a superintendent of immigration
also provided for in this act to reside in New
York. What is his business? His business is
to meet the immigrant when he arrives in New
York and to make contracts with railroad com-
panies for his passage to the interior, if the
man has the money to pay his passage.
Mr. MORGAN. That is better than to have
him robbed.
Mr. HOWE. In the interest of humanity I
would not very much object to the establish-
ment of such an office as that if it were neces-
sary for the purposes of humanity; but I take
it the State of New York will prevent these
immigrants from being robbed. In point of
fact these immigrants are coming over on con-
tracts made by a corporation existing under the
laws of New York, which corporation not only
undertakes to provide for their passage from
Europe to New York; but from New York to
the interior, where their labor is wanted. So
there seems to me no possible use for this su-
perintendent of immigration in the city of New
York. The act provides merely for a Commis-
sioner of Immigration to reside in the city of
Washington, and with the help of three clerks
to keep his hands in his pockets, and a super-
intendent of immigration to reside in the city
Now York and to make contracts or to help to
make contracts for a class of immigrants that
do not come at all; that is, a class of immi-
grants who have got their money to pay their
own bills, when we are only bringing those
over who have not money to pay their own
bills, but come on special contracts. I think
this law has stood on the statute-book too long.
I therefore favor the amendment which was
reported by the Committee on Commerce to
repeal this act instead of enlarging it. If this
bill now pending is postponed, of course the-
act of 1SGI stands. If wo adopt the amend-
ment to the bill which came to us from the
House, and the House shall concur in that,
then the act of 18G4 falls to the ground and
we are played out in the business of import-
ing labor, as my friend from Maine calls it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. _ Mr._ President, I feel
somewhat interested in this subject, and the
people whom I represent here are considerably
interested in it, and I hope that this law of
1864 will not be repealed. While the Senator
from Maine was denouncing the law, I occu-
pied my time in reading its different provisions,
and I fail to discover in the law the objection-
able features which he seemed to see. He is
apprehensive that there is something in this
law similar to the institution of slavery, and he
says that it ought to be repealed because it
operates with peculiar hardship upon immi-
grants to this country. I have heard of no
abuses under this law. I do not believe that
the immigrants for whose benefit it was intended
have complained of its operation. I do not
know why this effort is made to repeal the law.
I have always supposed and understood that it
was a law beneficial in its operation.
It is an admitted fact that there are thou-
sands of people in Europe who are desirous to
come to this country, and it is of advantage to
the country that they should immigrate ; their
labor will be valuable to (he United States.
They have not the means to pay for their pas-
sage to the country. This law is intended to
protect persons, ship-owners and others, that
may provide those poor immigrants with a pas-
sage, because it provides that any contract that
such an emigrant in Europe may make with a
ship-owner to bring him to the United States
shall be valid after his arrival here, and that it
shall be enforced by the courts of the United
States. The Senator says that the law pro-
vides for impounding the immigrant. I do
not know what he means by that expression.
There is nothing of that kind in the law.
Mr. JOHNSON. It says expressly that there
shall be no servitude.
Mr. WILLIAMS. To guard against any in-
ference of that kind, it expressly provides that
" nothing herein contained shall be deemed to
authorize any contract contravening the Con-
stitution of the United States or creating in any
way the relation of slavery or servitude." But
suppose an emigrant in Europe makes this
contract; he comes to the United States ; he
goes to the State of Ohio ; under this law the
contract which he has made may be enforced
in the State of Ohio; he has pledged his wages
for the payment of the money expended by the
ship-owner to bring him to this country. If
he refuses to pay, a suit may be brought, as I
understand this law, by which his employer
may be garnisheed—that is, the wages due the
laborer .may be slopped in the hands of the
employer, and the employer, instead of paying
the wages to the immigrant, may bo required
by an order of the court, as upon a garnishee
process, to pay the money to the man who has
transported him to the United States. That is
all that that portion of the law means ; and it
does not in any way affect the liberty of the
'man but simply relates to his wages ; and it
further provides that if it be so stipulated in
the contract and this contract be recorded in
that State or county to which the immigrant
removes, then that contract becomes a lien
upon any land which that immigrant may pur-
chase, and it operates like a judgment recorded;
it becomes a lien upon the land and it may bo
collected by the sale of that land in case pay-
ment is refused.
That is all there is of the first provision, and
I say instead of being injurious to the poor
people of Europe it is an advantage to them,
because it secures to those persons who ad-
vance money to bring them to the United
States a mode of recovering back that money;
and so persons are willing to advance their
money for such purposes ; and then it provides
that when they arrive here this Commissioner
of Immigration upon their arrival shall give
them such information as they need as to those
places in the United States where such labor
is required, and it provides that this Commis-
sioner of Immigration shall provide them with
transportation and facilitate their removal to
such portions of the United States as they may
desire to go to. It seems to me that that pro-
vision is particularly desirable and useful, be-
cause when these people come here they are
ignorant, they know nothing about the coun-
try, they are unable to speak our language,
and they fall a prey to the sharks and others
who are unprincipled and take advantage of
their ignorance, and this law is intended to
provide a person upon whom they can rely,
who will give them the necessary information ;
and so far as I understand the operation of
this law, in all respects it has been beneficial;
it has assisted these poor people to come to
this country ; it has protected them after their
arrival here; it has assisted them to travel from
the large cities upon our eastern sea-board to
the western States, where their labor is needed
and where they can become useful and pros-
perous citizens; and there is no objection that
I can conceive of to the law. "the ghost that
the gentleman from Maine conjures up here,
that there is something like slavery about it,
seems to me to be a figment of his own imagi-
nation. There is nothing in the law that war-
rants any such supposition, and I hope the law
will not be repealed.
Mr. CONNESS. When the Senator from
Oregon rose and began by saying that his
constituents were deeply interested in this bill,
I spoke from my seat and said that-"that was
true ;'' but I had no idea that their interest
lay in the direction that the Senator has Spo-
ken in : and, sir, if I had a constituency whose
interests lay in that direction, they might have
a representative voice, but it could never he
mine. This law, if I am not mistaken, when a
bill, was considered in the Committee on Fi-
nance in 1864 ; that is my recollection. I may
be mistaken.
Mr. MORRILL. That is so.
Mr. CONNESS. I remember precisely how
it struck my mind at that time. I did not know
until now that it had passed and become a law
in so offensive a shape—offensive, I mean, to
my mind.
I had noticed this class of bills passed by
the House of Representatives, and do not
intend to reflect upon that body when I say
that it is more monstrous, as I believe, in
character than the negro slavery that we have
abolished, and that we claim the good opinion
of mankind because we have abolished it.
The Senator's argument is that encouraging
immigration by laws of this kind—that is by
provisions which authorize contracts to be
made in foreign countries and compel their
execution by the laborer in distant lands—is
for the benefit of the poor immigrant. That
is the argument upon which negro slavery was t
vindicated. Those who vindicated it believed,
or at least always said, that they knew the
negro character best; they knew his wants
and capacities best; they knew that he was
not able to take care of himself; and they
always professed and said they were engaged
in a work of mercy in taking care of him,
when the fact was I apprehend generally that
the negro took care of them ; certainly they
lived by his labor. . And now the mission that
this great Republic is to go upon among the
nations of the earth is to hunt upandhunt out
white men, to enable men who want their labor,
and can make money and profit and wealth
out of it to make contracts with them in their
impoverished condition, in their misfortunes,
and then use the right arm of the law to com-
pel their execution under the stars and stripes I
Mr. President, I believe in the assimilation
of the peoples of the earth, and I feel no clan-
ishness toward any. I should favor any sys-
tem of immigration which was based on the
circulation in foreign countries of such facts
and information as should induce a good class
of emigrants to come to our new land, to cul-
tivate its broad acres, to aid in its manufacto-
ries, and incidentally at the same time to im-
prove their own condition. I should very gladly
favor any protections that the law could, throw
around their coming into our country, and after
they arrive here protecting them from the vile
of our own population, and giving them safe
passage and conveyance to the new States and
Territories of the West, taking care of their
immediate wants if they were in want. Every-
thing of that kind is due to humanity, due
from us to them, and I have no doubt that the
addition of their labor in a large amount is bene-
ficial to the productive wealth of the nation.
But, sir, these plans, cunningly devised, by
which capital is to seize labor, by which labor
is to be turned up in its vise and held as if
poverty were a crime, I am utterly opposed
to, for they are repugnant to my sense, and all
the conceptions I have of what is right among
men.
I do not launch these criticisms against the
gentlemen who advocafjg another view of the
case; but I should bo unjust to myself if I
said less than to describe the utter aversion J
have for these plans and schemes. And, sir,
it is not the office of a great nation to engage
in them; it is not the office of its lawgivers to
devote their talent to producing them; and I am
very glad, and compliment the Committee on
Commerce and its honorable chairman, and
thank them for the report they have made, and
the condemnation they have launched upon
the existing law.
