21-24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
ances tlian a colonel or a lieutenant colonel,
then there will be some force in the remarks
which he has made. But I apprehend that he
will run against very hard facts and figures in
attempting to sustain any such position. Every-
body knows that the contrary is true, and that
the higher officers get more by way of allow-
ances than the subalterns. The gentleman is,
in my judgment, very bold in undertaking a
denial of this.
Mr. SOHENCK. What I said was that the
lower the grade the greater are the allowances
in proportion to the pay.
Mr. THAYER. Now, sir, I have pointed
out to the House the fact that the amendment
which I have offered as a substitute proposes
but one more officer than the gentleman's bill.
The gentleman's bill provides for seventy-six
quartermasters; the substitute provides for sev-
enty-seven. And I affirm, with entire confi-
dence in the accuracy of my calculation, that
the seventy-seven quartermasters, with the ranks
which are assigned them in the substitute now
b.efore the House, will be less expensive to the
Government than the seventy-six quartermas-
ters provided for in the gentleman's bill. He
may figure all day and lie cannot make the
contrary appear. The reason is that his bill
increases the number of the higher grades of
officers on the staff.
Now, sir, a few words more and I have done.
The gentleman has proposed this morning an
amendment looking to a reduction of the staff.
For one I am opposed to that reduction. I am
opposed to it because I do not believe that the
present force is too large for an army upon the
present scale. If you desire to organize an
army of smaller dimensions than that proposed
in this bill, if you will cut down your Army
from fifty thousand to thirty thousand men, or if
you will to any extent materially reduce its num-
bers you may diminish the staff. But what I
say is, that these distinguished generals, with all
their vast experience and personal knowledge,
recommended for an army of forty-five thou-
sand men, contemplated by bill No. 67 of the
Senate, eighty-seven quartermasters for the
staff. The number proposed in my substitute
is seventy-seven, being, as I have already sev-
eral times remarked, the same number pro-
posed in Senate bill No. 138, with the three
chief assistants stricken out.
Now, sir, I am willing to stand upon the
opinions of those distinguished military offi-
cers. I say that if in their judgment a staff
of eighty-seven officers in the Quartermaster
General's department was a sufficiently small
staff for such an army as was contemplated by
Senate bill No. 67, then it is impossible for
me to conclude that seventy-seven, exactly ten
officers less, is an immoderate number for a
bill which contemplates the organization of
an army with, I believe, five thousand more
men as a minimum, but which, you will bear
in mind, it is possible to expand, under the
provisions of the gentleman's bill to, I believe,
eighty thousand men.
Now, sir. why legislate upon a contingency
which may not exist ? If you contemplate a.
general reduction of the Army, you emmet,
properly reduce it piecemeal in this way. This
is not the way, in my judgment, to begin to
reduce an army. You must make the reduc-
tion consistent in its details. You must first
ascertain the size of your Army; and then
when you have concluded upon the extent of
the reduction you may set yourself to work to
reduce all the several staff corps proportion-
ally. I do not find that the gentleman pro-
poses a general reduction of the other staffs or
a reduction of his proposed force. On the
contrary, the gentleman's bill proposes an army
for a peace establishment. If the Army should
bo reduced at any time in the future, it will be
perfectly competent for Congress to proceed to
rearrange the several staff corps, and to adapt
them in numbers and details to any reduction
which may be made in the foice; but why pro-
vide for a reduction of the staff corps when you
do not provide for a reduction of the Army?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CHANLER. I feel much gratified, Mr.
Speaker, in-being able to unite with the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs in
his laudable efforts to reduce the organization
of the Army. I understand the gentleman's
motive, as he has asserted, to be one based
upon the peace establishment. I have no doubt
that, this section is fair. It stipulates the man-
ner in which the reduction is to take place.
The reduction, however, seems to be not so
much of a consolidation as promotion of offi-
cers from the rank they now hold in the Army
Register of 1865, promotion from the rank of
major to colonel and lieutenant colonel.
Now, the point of issue between the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] and the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] seems
to be " whittled down'' to the question of two
captains of cavalry. The reduction of the
armies of the United States is to take this
form, with an expenditure of $33,000,000 per
annum to support an organization of seventy-
two regiments. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexck] proposes to change the present or-
ganization of the Army by simply promoting
in the different bureaus different officers from
the rank of captain. It seem's to me to be re-
duced to a point of but little difference to the
tax-payers, except as to the increase of officers
who are promoted.
The number of officers employed in the
quartermaster's department, as recorded in the
Army Register for 18G5, is seventy-eight. The
number as suggested by the substitute of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is seventy-seven,
and the number suggested by the gentleman
from Ohio is seventy-six, a mere reduction of
two in the Army of the United States, in face
of all the eloquence of the gentleman from
Ohio. We have spent two whole days in
regard to the propriety of a reduction in the
quartermaster's department of two officers
holding the rank of captain, while the gentle-
man proposes an increase in that bureau of
the rank of two officers, so that there shall be
two colonels. In the section now before the
House we have six quartermasters, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel, while
in the present organization we have only three.
That is a reduction ad absurdum. There are
also ten quartermasters with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a lieutenant colonel of
cavalry. That is in the pending section of
the bill offered by the gentleman from Ohio.
The lieutenant colonels in the present organi-
zation are four. There happens to be eleven
majors in the present organization and fifteen
in this bill, while the number of captains is
diminishd.
Again, sir, by this bill we have a reestab-
lislimcnt of this bureau whereby all the prece-
dents on record in the War Office are changed,
whereby all the routine of that Department is
threatened with discord and confusion, while
the whole question of retrenchment is forgotten
in the question of promotion.
Who are to be benefited by this system? Is
the object of this bili as has been charged here
by gentlemen on the Administration side, not
upon this side of the House? The charge has
been made specifically and directly that this is a
personal question. If there were wanted ground
or proof, it would be found in this section, un-
less refuted by the gentleman from Ohio. Why,
sir, under the plea of a peace establishment,
should there be promotion of officers in this
department unless called for? Where is the
necessity? You reduce the Army from its pres-
ent vast proportion down to seventy-two regi-
ments, and while reducing it you promote the
officers left in the organization, and you in-
crease their salary by their promotion.
Sir, a stSnding army may be a necessity; I
mean a standing army of the size suggested by
Lieutenant General Grant and the Secretary of
War. I do not presume to criticise that neces-
sity, but upon the general argument, whether
we should or should not have a large standing
army, I stand arrayed against any system which
leaves us incumbered with the expense of
$33,000,000 per annum for that organization.
We are entitled, the people of the country are
entitled, to more consideration after theirlosses,
and with the heavy burdens of taxation imposed
upon them.
The period has never existed when a stand-
ing army, so far as fitness of the people to pro-
tect themselves is concerned, was less needed
than at present. The people of the country,
on both sides of the Potomac, are an armed
militia, ready at the first sound of the bugle or
of the drum to fall in line, as they have been
in face of each other, against the common
enemy.
For the suppression of insurrection there is
now, happily, no need. For protection on our
borders the force we now have is amply suf-
ficient. And the gentleman on the other side
who spoke so eloquently the other day [Mr.
Hakding, of Illinois,] and took the lead on this
question on the Administration side against a
large standing army, said he would undertake
with a division of cavalry and of infantry to hold;
this country in perfect security for all time to
come. I understood the gentleman to say that,
and I believe he is right. And I hope he will
have an opportunity of testing the fact by a
proper reduction of the standing Army. Then
we will see whether the people of this country
are not capable of self-government without the
aid of a military organization of such gigantic
proportions—gigantic, not in the case of the
late struggle, not in consideration of the armies
which we have lately had in the field, but gigan-
tic as compared with what has been required in
the past history or by the present condition of
this country. In view of the fact that peace
lies at the bottom of our institutions and that
the people are willing at all times to hold
themselves in readiness for the defense of the
country, standing as the people do to-day,
educated to govern themselves, educated in
militajy matters by the militia law in every
State, ready to go to the front at their coun-
try's call, we need, in my humble opinion, no
such gigantic military organization as is pro-
posed by this bill.
Sir, the defense of this country at this time
does not depend upon your Army. Admit
that the threatened invasion of the northeast-
ern border may be well founded, that cannot
be used as a pretext for a large standing army.
There is not force enough in the British Prov-
inces to call for such an army as this. A war
with Great Britain, if it should ever come,
would have to be waged mainly at sea.
And I maintain that this system of retrench-
ment of the Army is in direct contradiction of
the system adopted in regard to the Navy. This
is a retrenchment whereby officers are pro-
moted, whereby gentlemen are charged with ad-
vancing the interests of their special favorites.
But there is a great favorite of this country
which won for us much honor, and which has
placed our flag as high as it ever floated even
in the late civil war, and which has never been
treated by this body or by this Administration,
with due respect. The knife has been applied
there without scruple and without considera-
tion. I refer, sir, to the Navy.
I do not know why the gentlemen on the
Military Committee should be called upon to
state that in the organization of the bureaus of
the Army such an immense force is necessary
to carry it on, while the Navy requires but a
minimum of the same number. That may be
the secret. Patronage may underlie it all. It
may be that the Army organization is a better
machine for political purposes than the Navy
can be. If so, so much the greater necessity for
retrenchment. I will admit that the necessity
of promotions arises in an inverse proportion,
but it cannot be that political patronage is the
secret of this promotion. It cannot be that,
using the position of the chairman of the com-
mittee, thegentleman from Ohio [Mr.ScHEscK]
has been misled from any personal feelings in
this question.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. As I understand thegentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Thayer,] whose
amendment we are now considering, and as I
