3084
THE CON (i R ESSIO N AL GLOBE.
June 11,
rtbings, but I met with tho reply that it was
mean business for eastern people to undertake
to interfere with the development of the West,
until at last,, finding that it was of no sort of
use, and that it only brought imputations and
attacks upon us whenever we even ventured to
ask a question or suggest that we might possi-
bly have some interest in these lands, I gave it
up and concluded that it was not worth while
to contend against a current so strong. There-
fore I think the western gentlemen should set-
tle this matter among themselves, and not now
turn around, after they have got all the land,
and blame us for not preventing them from
doing so.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think the Senator from
Maine who sits in front of mo [Mr. Morrill]
quarreled very considerably against the rail-
road grants until we consented to <;ivethe fish-
ing bounties ; and as a (air offset to the lands,
we agreed to give them the fishing bounties:
and 1 believe made a fair exchange. [Laugh-
ter.] We have kept up the lishing bounties
and ihey have given us the lands. Whether
they have been benefited or not, I am Aery cer-
tain the West has not been greatly benefited by
the lands.
Mr. POMEUOY. The Senator from Mis-
souri is mistaken in ic<raid to our legislation
on this subject Tho foj nier legislation of Con-
gress did allow the companies to lake one hun-
dred and twenty sections of the land before
they built the road, but, during the last four
years the legislation of Congress has been
changed, and not one acre; ot land has been
given until the road has been built conterminous
with the acres given. We havetied if upduring
the last four yeais. While the Senator from
Iowa, Mr. Ibn lan, was chairman of (he Commit-
tee on Public Lands, he iusiMrd that not an acre
of land .should begi\en to any cumpanv until
the road was built conterminous to the acres
grant* d, and we ha\ e li\ed up to it religiously.
H'ha'. the Senator alludes lo was old legislation
thai uas had sonic years nu,o.
Mr. DOOLiTTLH if (lie Senator from
Missouri will give way, I wiil ask leave to
move an executive session.
Mr- 11KMJ)IOIiS()Nf. Uleshe to leave the
oily to-moi row, and therefore I should like to
have this hill acted upon to-day. If the Sen-
ate are going to pass it, let tlictn pass it to-
dav; if n^t, let U go.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. Some questions have
been raised heie in the discussion, in relation
to those treaties, and perhaps wo had better
have an executive session, as the treaties are
pending, and there may be in iheiu something
beaiing upon I his question of land grants.
Mr. inOVOJOItSuN. 1 cannot, for iho life
of me, M*e how, under this bill, the hidiai'sare
to be affected. It is utteiij impossible.
Mr. DO*MdTTl(E. 1 undciMaud that this
is a raihoad grant, to Kansas, running sou til-
ward through the eastern part of the Osage
oomury, down to the Cherokee, Choctaw, and
Chickasaw country. The Senator from Kansas
will inform me whether I am correct or not, I
understand it Lroes down the Neosho valley
and rit3?s through the Osage country.
Mr. POM Ki?() V. R is in that neighborhood.
The PKKSHHNO OFF!CKI,'/(Mr. Ax-
Tlioxv in the chair.) Tin? Senator from Mis-
souri is entitled to the floor, and (he motion
for an executive session cannot be made with-
out his consent.
Mr. DOOidTTFK. If the Senator will allow
me, f should like to take up [hose treaties in
executive session.
Mr. POMEROV. As the Senator from Mis-
souri is going to leave the city to-moriow, i
hope we shall finish the bill to-day.
Mr. IIEXDLRSOX. This bill is in the
language of the numerous land-giant bills that
have been passed. They have been passed
again and again, and no objections have ever
been made to them here; and I will simply say
that there would bo no objection now if there
were not another road incorporated through
Kansas from Lawrence down to the southern
line.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, that was the very road that produced the
difficulties in the Indian Committee that led
me to speak of this objection in regard to going
through the Indian lands. It was in conse-
quence of that very road. That was the first
1 ever knew of it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am sorry it enabled
the Senator to get light and information which
has been used against me simply. All this light
and information have certainly never been used
until I got hold of this bill, and it is the first
one that I have ever urged. I have doubted
the whole policy during my experience here.
1 have urged the Senator from Maine who sits
before mo [Mr. Morrill] to bring up Ins pro-
posed bill, when I thought they were taking the
last acre of land ; but, positively, this bill does
not take over five thousand acres of land, I do
not suppose, in the State of Kansas. The Sen-
ator fiom Indiana [Mr. Hkxiuuckn] made his
first objection the other day, that Kansas had
land enough and that this was giving her a
great quantity more. lie had not gone veiy
far before he said the truth of the matter was
that it did not grant this company any land,
but merely enabled them to go into the New
York market, and swindle New York and Bos-
ton men—Yankees—pretending to have a lnil-
road grant, when they did not have any.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator repeats
what the Senator from Kansas said on that
point., i will correct (hem both at the same
time. F did not sav that.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have you so noted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. You have not got me
right,. 1 said the Senator from Kansas, in the
advocacy of this measure, said that but from
Jive to ten thousand acres would go to the
grant, and f said thai if that was true the pro-
posed grant by Congress was a simple lraud
upon tilt; moneved men of the country.
Mr. HENDERSON. Your case was hypo-
thetical.
Mr. 11 KND1MCKS. I said he said that.
Mi-. HENDERSON". The truth of the mat-
ter is, there will be hut very few acics of land
granted to the State of Kansas. The other
company from Lawrence, if they build to the
southern line of Kansas first, v\ill be entitled
to the railroad grant through the Indian coun-
try; if this road gets through first it will be
entitled to the grant of lands through the Ter-
ritories of" the United States : that is all. We
only desire, that the road shall be speedily
built, if it can be done; and the road that gets
to the southern boundary of Kansas first will
be entitled to the land. That is mv understand-
ing of the pro\isions {)(' this bill. It cannot
grant any more lands m Kansas ljecau.se the
road will gu throm;h the extreme eastern coun-
ties, where all the lands are taken up. There
are no lands letr in Missouri, and none in Kan-
sas, and Iheiefore there will he but few lands
to be taken under the grant. Therefore I
hope the bill may be passed.
Mr. HLND1UCKS. 1 wish to say one word
in reply to the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. DO GUTTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana will give way, I will move
an executive session. 1 really believe that the
treaties with the Indians ought to be consid-
ered by tun Somite before we come to a defi-
nite action upon the bill. As it is for a road
right through the Indian Territory; 1 think
that the sense of the Senate, at least on some
one or more of these treaties, ought to be taken
before this legislation is perfected.
Mr. POMEUOY. There is nothing in the
treaty, as I understand, conflicting with this
bill.*
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not feel at liberty
to state what is in the treaty until it has been
acted upon by the Senate.
Mr POMEROY. I understood there was
nothing in conflict with the provisions of this
bill.
Mi. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
yielding to the motion, but I do not want to
delay the consideration of this bill. I feel
bound to favoi iU consideration at as early an
hour as possible j but I am willing that the
sense of the Senate may be expressed on the
motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senate will
vote on this bill and dispose of it. We have
had it up for three successive days.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and alter some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June, 11, 1800.
The House met at twelve o* clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain. Rev. C. R. Eoyxtox.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of committees for re-
ports to go upon the Calendar, not to be brought
back into the House by a motion to reconsider.
The call was completed, but no reports were
made.
The SPEAKER proceeded as the next busi-
ness in order to call the States and Territories
for resolutions.
pay ok jihad ing and tally clkkk.s
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, offered tho
following resolution, on which he demanded
the previous question:
/{evolve?, That until further oidered the pay ot'tho
reading clerk, the ust-L taint leader, and the tally clerk
be made equal to that of the Journal clerk, to .:om-
mence with the present fiscal year.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. N1BLACK. I would ask the gentleman
why he cannot fix the amount of salary. I
have always objected to this indefinite mode
ol'lixing salaries.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The reso-
lution only puts these officers on an equality
with the Journal clerk, i want the pay made
equal. That is all.
The main question was ordered, and under
the operation thereof the resolution was unani-
mously agreed to.
Mr. Will CHIT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution wasadopted; and also
moved that the motion to rcconsidcr be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TtliPKl/ INVASION OF PLXXSYLYAXiA.
Mi. COFFROTII offered the following pre-
amble and ievolution, upon which he demanded
the pievious question:
Whereas dumm the late civil war the sixteenth
congressional district of Pennsylvania was invaded
bv the entire rebel army under General Lee, and
winch remained in said district about three weeks,
and to repcland driveout the rebel forces the Army
of the United States under the victorious General
Meade wa-. marched into said district, encamped and
remained thcie during the great battle of Gettysburg,
and Iho pursuit of the rebel army from the State of
Pennsylvania; and whereas the said district was
once before thus invaded by General Stuart's rebel
army, and once afterward by General McCauehuid's
rebel airuv; that, during, these invasions the per-
sonal propei ry of the citizens of said district w a* taken
and carried away, and their houses burned and other
pioperty destroyed: 'Xherefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee of Claims be, and
is hereby, imtructed to report a bill to authorize the
appointmentof commissioners, with such restrictions
as the committee deem proper, to ascertain what
damages the citizens of said district have suffered,
with a, \iew to enforce legislation tor the payment
of the damacrcfj sustained.
Mr. "WARD. I ask the gentleman to make
that a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. COFPUOTH. 1 meant it as a resolu-
tion of reference.
Mr. DELANO. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table. This whole subject is
before the Committee of Claims, and 1 think
they understand it.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
37, noes 12: no quorum voting.
Mr. DELANO. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Delano
and Coffroth were appointed.
Mr. DELANO. I withdraw the motion to
Is.lay on the table.
