18W5.
JHE (XMORESSI-OKAL GLOBE.
Resolved, That in like manner, and for like reasons,
such of the most culpable of the chief instigator* :uul
conspirators of the rebellion, as may be necessary to
satisfy the demands of public justice and furnish se-
curity for the future, and those ciintinaily responsi-
ble for the murder and starvation of Union pri-joners
of war, should be tried and punished for the high crime
of which they have been guilty.
Iiesolved, Thatjustice should not fail of its purpose,
and that all who are guiliy of or responsible for the
assassination of the late President, and the great
offenders during the leoeitt rebellion guilty of and
responsible for the murder and starvation of Union
prisoners of war, as well as those guilty of or respon-
sible for other unparalleled violations of the laws
of civilized warfare, are amenable to and should bo
tried, convicted, and punished by military tribunals
authorized by law, and sanctioned by the common law
of war and the usage of civilized nations, whenever
and so far as may bo necessary to secure the ends of
justice.
liesolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo
instructed to inquire what legislation, if any, may bo
necessary to provide juries for trials for treason, for
writs of error, and to carry into elfect the purposes
of the foregoing resolutions; and that said committee
report by bill or otherwise.
mrs. mary lincoln.
Mr. "WENTWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up the bill for the
relief of Mrs. Mary Lincoln, in order that the
House may agree to a merely verbal amend-
ment made by the Senate.
Mr. VvTCSTDOM. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. To take up that bill during
the morning hour requires unanimous consent.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IS PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. STROUSE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to create the northern judicial
district of Pennsylvania; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
II. C. WARMUTII.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a question.of
privilege. I offer to the House what purports
to be a certificate of the election of H. C. War-
m-nth, as Delegate from the Territory of Louisi-
ana, backed by nineteen thousand votes. T ask
that it may bo referred to the joint committee
on reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. It will be so referred
under the order of the House.
DESTITUTE INDIANS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, reported back, with
a recommendation that it do pass, a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. G) authorizing the President
to divert certain funds heretofore appropriated,
and cause the same to be used for immediate
subsistence and clothing, &c., for destitute In-
dians and Indian tribes.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes the President of the United States to cause
to be exnended, under the direction of the Sec-
retary or the Interior, for immediate subsistence
and clothing of destitute Indians and Indian
tribes within the southern superintendency, and
for agricultural implements and seeds, a sum
not exceeding $500,COO of the unexpended bal-
ance in the Treasury of appropriations hereto-
fore made to enable the President of the Uni-
ted States to carry into effect the act of March
6, 1819, and any other acts now in force " for
the suppression of the slave trade," and the
accounts of such expenditure are to be laid
before Congress during its present session; pro-
vided, that all articles to be furnished to said
destitute Indians and Indian tribes shall be
delivered to them on or before the 1st of July
next.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Thi3 is a joint res-
olution which passed the Senate in accordance
with the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Interior and the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and has been unanimously reported by
the Committee on Indian Affairs of tlio House.
If there is no objection to the passage of the
resolution on the part of any gentleman, I will
call the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. Within the last day or two
I have received some information which in-
duces mo to believe that we ought, to pause be-
fore we pass this resolution. It proposes to
divert an appropriation which was made for a
special purpose to another purpose; and I un-
derstand that it is to pay probably for a large
contract, and a very fraudulent one, made in
the neighborhood of Kansas, involving an im-
proper payment of nine or ten dollars per bar-
rel for nour.
I hope the joint resolution will be postponed
until we can investigate "the subject. If my in-
formation is correct, it ought never to pass
without a thorough examination. I may be
misinformed, but if I am rightly informed, -we
ought at least to have a week or ten days be-
fore we pass so large a measure. With the
consent of the gentleman from Kansas, I will
move to postpone the further consideration of
the joint resolution until the 10th day of next
month.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kansas yield the floor to allow the motion to
be made?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. No, sir; lean-
not yield the floor for that purpose. I will say,
in reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] that this resolution comes from
the-Senate, and is recommended by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs and the Secretary
of the Interior.
I am informed that the charges of fraud in
a contract, to which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has referred, received the attention of
the committee of the Senate, as, I doubt not,
the attention of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs of the House.
The statement of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is incorrect in reference to the prices
which have been paid under this contract.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I am a member
of the Committee on Indian Affairs, and was
present at the time that this joint resolution
was under consideration. I have heard of the
reports which have been spoken of by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and
I have conversed with the Indian superintend-
ent of that superintendency on the subject, Mr.
Sells, who is a man of honor and integrity, and
he assures me that there is not a word of truth
in the reports which have been referred to, that
those contracts which have been let have been
let upon fair and proper terms, and that these
reports which have been put in circulation in
relation to frauds and swindling in this depart-
ment are altogether untrue. I am willing to
rely upon the statement of that superintend-
ent $ he is a citizen of Iowa, who has held high
and prominent positions in that State, and I
have yet to hear a word of accusation brought
against biro.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate insisted on its amendments, disagreed toby
the House of Representatives, to the resolution
in reference to the adjournment over, agreed
to the conference asked on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, and had appointed Messrs.
Trumbull, Clauk, and Buckalew, managers
of said conference on the part of the Senate. *
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 63) for the
relief of Barney Cain, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
DESTITUTE INDIANS—AGAIN.
Mr. CLAKKE, of Kansas. In addition to
the statement made by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. IIurbabd,] I desire to state for the
information of the House that there are at this
moment, according to the estimate of the De-
partment, nineteen thousand loyal Indians and
eleven thousand disloyal Indians. These latter
have returned from the South and find their
homes desolated and their farms and crops de-
stroyed. They raised no crops last year, and
are entirely without shelter, and I say to the jj
House that this appropriation, on the ground of ;
humanity alone, is an imperative necessity.
So far as the charge of fraud is concerned, I
do not believe that it has any foundation in
fact. The southern superintendent, of Indian
affairs, Mr. Sells, formerly Sixth Auditor, is a
gentleman well known to many members of
this House, ,and is a man who sustains 'as
reputation as any- other man in this House, 'or
out of it, in this country. 1 say that, the pas--
sage of this joint resolution is an imperative
necessity, and that it is demanded upon .the
highest gfounds of humanity. Winter is upon
these Indians 5 they are at home ; they have re^
turned home during the last summer and fall-
by aid of the Government, and now they ar<3-
absolutely without support.
For the purpose of showingto the House the
imperative necessity of the immediate passage
of this joint resolution before the adjournment-
for the holidays, I sendtot.be Clerk's desk, and
ask to have read, the following communication
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
The Clerk read the communication, as fol-
lows :
Department of the Interior,
Office Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C., December 15,18G5.
Sir : Referring to office report of the 8th instant,-
submitting a joint resolution tor tho diversion of cer-
tain funds under the control of thcDeparnnentforthe
rciief of destitute Indians and Indian tribes, 1 would
respectfully urge that you recommend the matter to
the immediate attention of Congress.
There can be no doubt of tiio fact that thousands of
Indians in the I ndian Territory are destitute of food
and clothing; that they are actually starving with
hunger and cold.
The records of tho "War Department will show that
millions of dollars have been expended to feed white
persons who have lately been in rebellion against the
Government, and whose ability to sustain themselves
was certainly equal to that of these Indians.
It is not a new thing to the Department that these
people arc suffering-. Their great calamities, growing
out of the war; the utter desolation of their once rich
and prosperous country, have long been known; and
appeals for assistance, which this Departmenthasno*
power to afiord, have been numerous and urgent.
Agent Dunn, of the Creek agency, writes, on the
20th {September: "The fall winds are upon us and
tho frosts of winter are near at hand. My people, a
majority of them, are nearly destitute of clothing of
any kind. I earnestly call your attention fcothe fact;
if neglected, I shall not wish to remain hereto wit-
ness the consequent suffering." As to the disloyal
Choctaws and Chickasaw?, Agent Coleman writer, on
the 19th September: "Having been away from their
homes, and m the rebel army, for nearly threeyears,
tiicy now find themselves in a condition of extremo
destitution, and actually suffering lor the accessaries
of life, and undoubtedly will have to be supplied by
the Government until another year will enable them
to shift for themselves." On tlielstot October Agent
liarlan writes, as totheloyalCherokees: ".Many have
small surplus, and many have some, but not enough
for their biead, and many poor widowshavenoneand
no means of buying nny." * * * * "It
is apparent that many will have to be fed until an-
othcrcropshallberaiscd." Ot the tfemmok-s, Agent
Reynolds writes, on the 2d October: "'Tiieir flocks and
herds have been driven off by the necessities of ene-
mies ot the country and tho avarice of pretended
friends, until their country is uninhabited and their
improvements completely destroyed andlaid ■waste.5'
Of the Indians at the Witchita agency, Agent
Gookins writes, on the Ibth (September: "They are
generally very poor; except a portion of the Shaw-
nees and Caddoes, they are very poor and desti-
tute. Among the Shawnees is a large proportion of
widows and orphan childien who have no means
whatever of sustaining themselves.*' On the 16th of
October, Superintendent Sells writes: "I visited the
temporary agencies of tho Chcrokees, Creeks, Choc-
taws, and Chickasaws, and upon my return to Kan-
sas I visited the temporary Seminole agency, and
found the Indians alike destitute everywhere/' Of
tbfcloj alCherokoes: "Their country is one vast scene
of desolation: houses burned, treasury robbed, feneea
and agricultural implomentsdestroyed,eattlestolen,
and their former fields overgrown with weeds; ana
now they return to their homes after an exile of
years, destitute of almost everything to commence
life anew, except personal energy, and they appeal
with just expectations to the Government for aid and
support. They want subsistence until they can raise
enough to subsist themselves. To secure that end,
they must have axes to build houses and fences; they
must have plows and hoes to cultivate their lands;
they must have stock, seed, &e.; and I apprehend
that a great and magnanimousGoyernment like ours
will not permit this unfortunate people to go unclad
during the inclemency of the winter months now ap-
proaching." Of the loyal Creeks, (about t?ix thousand,)
whose loyalty cost them exile and untold misery, he
says; "During their exile in Kansas they lost all their
property, including houses, fences, agricultural im-
plements, andstock." * * * *■ "This portion of
the Cieeks have returned to their desolated homes,
and now appeal to the (Government for aid in cloth-
ing. farming implements, and seeds." Of the disloyal
Creeks: "They too appeal to tho Government for
aid; they say they are destitute of clothing, the means
of subsistence, agricultural implements, &c.; that
they have no cattle and but lew ponies—about one
to every ten men—and no means with which to pur-
chase more."
Of the refugee Choctaws and Chickasaws, (about
two thousand,) who were beingi'ed by Agent Coleman:
"Tiiey iufist that they have not tho means of pur-
chasing clothing, and that their destitution is ex-
tremely painful and must result in great suffering
