I860,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Congress; and therefore he asked them to take
hold and collect money in that sudden emer-
gency before things could be sifted'down there,
to save the Treasury of the United Slates the
hundreds of thousands of dollars which were
•coming- in and which must be attended to then;
and he told them that they would be paid or
appointed because the test oath would be re-
pealed, or if not the justice of Congress would
provide what was fair and right under the cir-
cumstances. These gentlemen accordingly,
.and there are not a very groat number of them,
in personal good faith, "reconstructed" rebels
as they were, in personal fidelity to the Gov-
ernment, took upon themselves the perform-
ance of these duties; they collected the reve-
nues and remitted them to the Treasury. Now,
the simple question is whether it is not just to
them that a reasonable compensation, a quan-
tum meruit should be paid for the actual days'
labor which they have performed, and so dis-
miss them.
Our responsible agent induced them to under-
take the performance of this labor under the
expectation that the law would be so modified
as to allow them to proceed in the performance
of their duties. We have thought fit not to
do it. It appeared to us upon consideration,
and I believe unanimously, that simple justice,
simple policy required us to go so far. That
was my reason for agreeing to the report; and
notwithstanding what has been said by the
Senator from Illinois so eloquently and so
vigorously, I art of that opinion still.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senate will
act upon this bill now, although if the Senator
from Illinois is anxious to have a full Senate 1
will not insist upon it. As my friend from Ver-
mont says, every member of the committee
was opposed to it when it was first introduced;
but upon mature consideration, upon looking
over the whole ground, as these men had per-
formed the labor, we thought it better to pay
them and let them go. They arc being dis-
charged ; I believe they have all been dis-
charged now ; I do not think there arc a dozen
of them to-day in the employment of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there one ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think there is
one now. My impression is there is not one ;
certainly there are very few indeed. There
ought to have been none, I admit; but had
we not better pay them for the labor they
have performed and dismiss them?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask whether these col-
lectors, or persons so called, have not retained
the amount of their salary from the taxes they
have collected.
Mr. CHANDLER. In not one single in-
stance as I have been informed.
Mr. JOHNSON. They paid everything over
faithfully.
Mr. NYE. I hope this motion to postpone
will prevail. I can see no obligation, legal or
moral, to pny these men. The presumption
oflaw, I believe, is that everybody understands,
or should understand, or is presumed to know,
what the existing laws are, and I think it no
sort of apology at all that the Secretary of the
Treasury held out inducements to these men
that this test oath would be repealed. 1 do not
know that he ever did. If ho did, he was as-
suming to himself a prerogative that did not
belong to him. I have no doubt that these re-
constructed rebels supposed that, the test oath
would be repealed or modified when Congress
convened ; but they have learned ere this that
no such foolish thing is going to be done at all.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in the first
place, had no right, under the law, to employ
them. He knew it; they knew it; and there-
fore if there is a private contract existing be-
tween the Secretary of the Treasury and these
men, let him settle with them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that be so, what right
has the Treasury to hold this money? We got
it through these agencies; why not pay them
back the §1,000.000? We take the fruit, and
we ought to nourish the tree.
Mr. JOHNSON. Better-return the money.
Mr. NYE. I have no doubt the Senator
from Maryland would be very glad to have
the money returned to these reconstructed reb-
els. Neither have I any doubt that the Gov-
ernment has a right to retain this money; it
is its own; it does not belong to them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But had these persons a
right to collect it from individuals?
Mr. NYE. Whether they had a right to col-
lect it or not, if it has found its proper lodg-
ment, that is as far as we have a right to in-
quire. In the first place, there could be no
security taken from these men that they TVould
refund one dollar of the money that they col-
lected, and if they had taken every dollar of it
the Government would have been as helpless
to-day as they are helpless in point of law to
be remunerated for their pay.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly; after they have
paid over every dollar.
Mr. NYE. That I do not know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Secretary tells us so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Where is the evidence?
Mr. EDMUNDS. In the letter of the Sec-
retary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have it.
Mr. NYE. Whether they have paid the
money or not is a matter entirely immaterial.
Sir, these men were appointed in fraud of men
who deserve at the hands of the Government
its protection and its aid. The Secretary knew
it as well as anybody when he appointed them ;
and we are not blind to the fact. The Secre-
tary's letter has been on our desks asking for
a modification of this law for the purpose of
continuing these men in office, while around
this city, as I have had occasion to say two or
three times, there are starving men that have
been faithful to this Union goingiaround here
wanting bread and belonging in these States.
I confess that the case does not touch my sym-
pathies at all as it did this Committee on Com-
merce. They have failed to arouse my sym-
pathies for these reconstructed rebels in "the
least. They got their places in fraud of men
who were entitled to them by every principle
of honor and by every principle of duty on the
part of this Government. In these States alone
can be found crippled soldiers enough of this
Union to fill the places that could have taken
the oath, executed the bonds, and received the
pittance for the collection that was their due
for faithful service to this Government.
Sir, I protest against paying men who, al-
though pretending to be reconstructed, are as
rebellious to-day as they ever were, with the
spirit of rebellion increasing in them, and this
through the agency of the Secretary of the
Treasury, is giving them the means to fight
the battl.e against this Government and against
the party that control it.
I am surprised that the distinguished Senator
from Michigan, who is always so eagle-eyed to
look out for these things, should have fallen
into this net of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sir, they had no right to be appointed; the
Secretary knew it; they have no right to be
paid, and the Secretary knows it, and he ap-
peals to this committee that have so kindly
treated the thing, that were so shocked when
it was first presented, and so mild upon mature
deliberation ! What phase of the case has been
altered that changed this whole committee in
the twinkling of an eye?
Mr. CHANDLER. It took a week.
Mr. NYE. My friend says "it took a week."
It should have taken you a month to have un-
dergone such a metamorphosis. Sir, I trust
that before this is done we shall have a full
Senate, so that we may take the deliberate sense
of the body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope, then, this«res-
olution will go over until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before it goes over I
desire to say a word in reply to the suggestions
that are made in favor of this proposition. The
Senator from Vermont very gravely asks if the ,
money collected should not be paid back. If
this should bo paid back, suppose the Secre-
tary disobeys your law now, as he has been
disobeying it for the last year, and continues
these men in office. Next year you will pay
them again, or else you will pay tie wfiole
money back. •
Here is a palpable, clear violation of law".
The law was enacted to meet just sueh cases
as these. There was an apprehension" in the
mind of the Legislature when that statute was
framed, that it was possible that persons might
be appointed to offioe without takingthe'o&th,
and in order to provide against such cases there
is a second provision that says that if tliey are
so appointed they shall receive no compensa-
tion. Let me read a sentence from the statute':
"Hereafter every person appointed to any office of
honor or profit under the Government of the United
States, either in the civil, military, or naval depart-
ments of the public service, except the President of
the United States, shall, before entering upon the
duties of sueh office, and before being entitled to any
of tho salary or other emoluments thereof, take and
subsoribo the following oath."
He was given notice that before he under-
took to discharge the duties of the office he
must take this oath; but it was thought he might
disobey that, and then before he should be paid
any money he must take this oath. He under-
stood this. The Secretary understood it; and
when the Secretary of the Treasury appointed
him to go on and collect the money of the Gov-
ernment, not his money, he violated the law.
There is no money to be paid back. If a dis-
tillery manufacturer of the State of Georgia
manufactured twenty gallons of whisky, the
Government of the United States was entitled
to forty dollars, two dollars a gallon on the
manufacture of it; and the fact that it was col-
lected by^ a traitor and paid overdoes not make
it the traitor's money. I submit to the Sena-
tor from Vermont that the two-dollar tax does
not go to the traitor because it came through
his hands. As well might you say that if the
man who manufactured it was a traitor you had
no right to collect money from him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Could the person who
owed the tax plead this payment in bar of
prosecution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He could plead this
payment of money, into the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I take issue with you on
that point as a matter of law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I disagree with the Sen-
ator from Vermont as to the law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He could not justify through
an illegal source.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It makes no difference
how the money got into the Treasury of the
United States. If he has paid the taxes to the
United States, I care not whether there was
any revenue collector or not. If the money
has been received by the Government of the
United States, the two dollars a gallon upon
the whisky that has been manufactured, neither
the Senator nor I nor any jury in Christendom
would hold the man to pay it over the second
time after we had received the money.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The law would hold so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nor the law. There is
no such law in Christendom. That is neither
justice nor right nor law. The law is founded
upon justice and reason and right. It would
be money had and received—-
Mr. EDMUNDS. There are no offsets in
such cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No. sir; there is no
offset to this rebel collector. Now, sir, 1 say
to pay these officers is giving up the value of
this law. You might just as well admit one
of these persons here as a Senator into this
body without taking the oath and pay him.
Suppose he came hern and refused to take this
oath, and discharged his duties, was allowed
to come in here and discharge his duties, I
do not believe the Senator from Vermontwould
allow him to come in; but suppose he did,
would he vote, if he had got in here, to pay
him ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should think if the other
