2126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
from Pennsylvania the retrenchment in num-
ber proposed in the House bill. That is pre-
cisely the retrenchment to which the attention
of the House has been called by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Farquhar,] reducing the
number of captains and the number of majors,
so as to make an aggregate deduction of seven-
teen from the whole number. And the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] rightly
apprehended the motive of the committee in
not making that reduction immediate. They
provide that now, while we are winding up the
vast business of the late war, this reduction
shall not take place; but that hereafter, as
vacancies occur in these lower grades, the
reduction shall take place. The House is now,
called upon to say whether it will or will not
sustain the committee in the proposed reduc-
tion.
As to the substitute of the gentleman, I
desire to make but one or two remarks; for
probably the discussion on this subject has
already been protracted to a greater extent than
is profitable. First, one word upon the gen-
eral proposition which the gentleman makes—
and which I think he cannot well have consid-
ered, or he would not have made it—that just
in proportion as yon increase the Army, you
must increase its staff corps. I deny it. I say
that in proportion as you increase an army,
you may increase and ought to increase some-
what your staff corps, but not in equal ratio.
You must increase your line officers in equal
ratio. Every gentleman who knows anything
about a turnpike company or a railroad com-
pany or a banking association will understand
the principle involved here. A railroad com-
pany, with a road one hundred miles long, has
its president, its vice president, its board of
directors, its treasurer, its secretary. If that
road be extended to the length of two hundred
miles, no increase in the number of managing
officers of the company is necessarily required,
although a larger force is necessary to do the
work along the line. So, if you increase the
capital of a banking association from $500,000
to $1,000,000, you do not need to increase in
the same proportion the number of the gen-
eral supervisory officers—the staff, as it may
be called. You may need to increase some-
what your agencies in that direction, but by no
means in proportion to the increase of capital.
The case is precisely the same with an army.
The staff is the general supervisory power—
the board of directors as it were, in a certain
sense, of*the Army; and you do not need to
increase the staff just in proportion as you
increase the rank and fiVe, just as you in-
crease the number of regiments, brigades,
and divisions. You must increase your line
officers, your field and company officers, in the
same proportion in which you increase the
rank and file; but the staff does not need to
be increased except in a comparatively small
degree. Hence the remarks of the gentleman
imply a very grave mistake in reference to this
matter.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me say in reference
to this discrepancy, that within my experience
we have never legislated under such peculiar
circumstances. Instead of being met here
with argument, instead of being met with facts,
we are^ met with some shadowy reference to
something that has been done by some gen-
eral officers, or by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs of the Senate, who
has written a letter, if 1 understand the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania correctly, to explain
to him what this House ought to do.
Mr. Til AY E U. The gentleman will permit
me to say that I said nothing about that letter
until I was asked upon what authority I made
the statement that the general officers to whom
I referred had approved a similar proposition
to that embodied in my amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. very well; I should like
to see that report of the general officers pro-
duced here, instead of being talked about in
this way. J undertake to say this : that in the
Senate the bill No. 07 was first introduced,
and afterward another Senate bill No. 07, with
a good deal of creeping up as to numbers and
rank ; that when the board of officers met here
they took this bill No. 07, went over it. mainly
with reference to the general size of the Army
and some special provisions and other amend-
ments and suggestions, as, for instance, fifteen
new brigadier generals not agreed to by the
House or Senate committee. As to the organ-
ization including the quartermaster's depart-
ment, I mean these general sections, they sim-
ply pass them by, making no recommendations
in regard to them.
That is what I undertake to say. I say fur-
ther, when the Senate came to bill No. 138
they changed to a considerable extent, even
that section relating to quartermasters, as it
was before that council of military men. When
the gentleman from Pennsylvania here under-
takes to introduce his substitute he departs
still further from it. Take his own statement.
He says this House must not make any reduc-
tion, that it must not follow its own committee
because that committee has departed from
what was recommended by a board of officers,
and in the same breath tells the House this
same council recommended eighty-seven, and
he recommends seventy-six, that is that he
may depart from the recommendation of these
officers, that he may come down from eighty-
seven to seventy-six, but it will not do for the
Committee on Military Affairs of the House,
looking over the same matter, to come to the
same conclusion.
Again, in regard to what the Senate has
done. The Senate adopts the important feature
of three brigadier generals. He abandons that,
and yet he quotes the chairman of the Military
Committee of the Senate.
I trust this House, whether it has or has not
faith in its own committee, which has bestowed
not a little time and attention on this matter,
not only to see how far we can bring down the
number of these officers now, but in regard to
a future reduction of them to the needs of the
country—I hope, whether they place confidence
in the committee or not, they will look at these
things themselves, and not let gentlemen lead
them away by what some board of officers has
done or what some chairman of committee in
another body has thought may be done, gentle-
tlemen who quote persons outside and in the
same breath refuse to consider them as any
authority.
I believe this matter has been sufficiently
discussed, and I therefore demand the previous
question upon the section and pending amend-
ments.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question recurred on Mr. Schejtck's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
50, noes 12 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Gaiipield and Thayer.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 35.
.So the amendment was adopted.
The question then recurred on the substitute
of Mr. Thayer, as amended.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the substitute be voted
down the section will be left as reported from
the committee?
The SPEAKER. It will.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
33, noes 38; no quorum voting.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 44, nays 70, not voting
69 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Bidwcll, Boyer, Chan-
lor, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Defrees, Dixon, Bodge,
Eldridge, Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider,
Griswold, Aaron Harding, J lines M. Humphrey,
Jenckes.Kelley, Latham, George V.Lawrence, Loan,
Marshall, Marvin, Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Sam-
uel J. Randall, John H. Rice, Ritter, Rogers. Koss,
Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Taber, Taylor,
Thayer, Thornton, Robert T. an Horn, Eliliu B.
Washburne, James F. Wilson, Windoni, and Wood-
bridge—44.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Baiter,
Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bingliam, Blow,
Boutwell, Bromweli, Broomall, BucUlaud, Bundy,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Doming, Donnelly, Eliot,
Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Hale, Abner C.
Harding, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Holmes, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester P. Hubbard, James R. Hub-
bell, Hulburd, Kelehatn, Kuykendall, Laflin, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Longyear, Marston, McClurg, Mc-
Kee, McRner, Mercur, Miller, Morrill, Morris,
Moulton, Newell, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perliam,
Plants, Price. William IL Randall, Rollins, Rous-
seau, Sehenck, Seofield, Sliellabarger, Smith, Stevens,
Trowbridge, Upson, Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Welker. and Williams—70.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Alley, Delos R.Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Bergen, Blaine,
Brandegee, CoSroth, Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Denison, Driggs, Du-
mont, Bekley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Harris, Hart,
Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Julian, Kasson,
Kelso, Kerr, Le Blond, Lynch, McCullough, Mcln-
doe, Moorhead. Noell, O'Neill, Phelps, Pike, Pome-
roy, Radford, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, Saw-
yer, Sloan. Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Trimble, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn. Warner, Wentworth, Whaley, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Winfield, and Wright—70.
So the substitute was rejected.
The Clerk read the following sections:
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the number
of military storekeepers shall hereafter be as many
as shall be required, not. exceedingsixteen, who shall
have the rank, pay, and emoluments of captains of
infantry.
S-EC. 18. And be it further enacted, That the provis-
ions of theactforthebetterorganization of thequar-
termaster's department, approved July 4, 1864, shall
continue in force so far as they do not become obso-
lete and unnecessary upon the disbandment of the
volunteer forces.
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the subsist-
ence department shall hereafter consist of the num-
ber of officers now authorized by law, namely, one
commissary general, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general; two assistant commis-
sary generals, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of colonels of cavalry; two commissaries, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonels of
cavalry; eight commissaries, with the rank, pay. and
emoluments of majors of cavalry; and sixteen com-
missaries, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
captains of cavalry. But, aftertheflrstappomtments
made under the provisions of this section.^ as vacan-
cies may occur, reducing thenumher of officersin the
several grades below that of brigadier general of this
department, no appointments to fill the same shall
be made until thonumber of colonels shall be reduced
to one, the number ofmajors to five, and the number
of captains to ten. Andthereafterthenumberot offi-
cers in each of said several grades shall continue to
conform to such reduced numbers. And hereafter no
graduate of the United States Military Academy,
being at the time m the Army of the United States,
or having been therein at anytime for three years
next preceding, shall be eligible to appointment as
an officer in the subsistence department.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. _ I move to amend
section nineteen by striking out all after the
enacting clause and inserting in lieu thereof
the following:
That the subsistence department of the Army
shall hereafter consist of the officers now authorized
by law, namely, one commissary general of subsist-
ence, wito the rank, pay, and emoluments of a biig-
adier general; two assistant commissary generals,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of colonel of
cavalry; two assistantcommissary generals, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonel of
cavalry; eight commissaries, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of majors of cavalry; and sixteen com-
missaries, with the lank, pay, and emoluments of
captains of cavalry.
The amendment proposed as a substitute, is
a section taken from the Senate bill, and in
my judgment is preferable to the one intro-
duced by the Committee on Military Affairs.
In regard to the titles it follows what the com-
mittee of the House adopted respecting the
Adjutant General's department, and leaves
the offices, titles, and rank the satfie as at
present.
1 would like to know from the chairman of
the committee if he proposes to introduce an
amendment to this section similar to that which
was made to the thirteenth section, relating to
the Adjutant General's department.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE. Then the argument
that this bill would legislate out certain gentle-
men now holding rank in the department is
not necessary; so that the only differences be-
tween this amendment and the original section
are, first, that hereafter, if my amendment is
adopted, as vacancies occur they will be filled
and the force in the department will not be
diminish®!; and second, that when vacancies
