1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from half past four o'clock to half past seven o'clock
p. m., and the first business in order at the evening
session shall be business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. MORRILL. I demand tellers on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Delano
and Lj& Blond were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 59, noes 34.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lution; and being taken, upon a division there
were—ayes G9, noes 34.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FA RNS WORTH called for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and fifteen members voted in
,the affirmative.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, called for tell-
ers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was accordingly agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to upon a divis-
ion—ayes 64, noes 30.
FENIANS CAPTURED IN CANADA.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, upon which he called the
previous question:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives re-
spectfully request the President of the United States
to urge upon the Canadian authorities and also the
British Government the release of the Fenian pris-
oners recently captured in Canada.
Upon seconding the previous question, upon
a division there were—ayes fifty-nine, noes not
counted.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lution.
Mr. ANCONA. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 2, not voting
G7; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Anderson,
Baker, Banks, Baxter, Benjamin, Bergen, Bidwcll,
Bingham, Boutwell, Boycr, Bromwell, Buckland,
Header \V. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Dawes,
Dawson, Defrces,Delano, Driggs, Hckley, Esgleston,
Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth, rarquhnr, Ferry, Gar-
field, Glo&sbrcnner, Aaron Harding, Abncr 0. Hard-
ing, Hart, lFaycs, Iligby, llogan, Holmes. Hooper,
Chester I>. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James It.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Johnson, Julian, Kel-
ley, Kerr, Ketcham, Koontz, ICuykendall, Laflin,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Le Blond, Loan,Lynch,Marston, McCullough, Mcr-
cur, Miller, Mom-head, Morrill, Morris, Monlton,
Myers, Newell, Niblaek, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill,
Ortli, Paine, Perham, Pike, Plants, Price, Radford,
"William 11. Randall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice,
John 11. Rice. Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Ross,Schenck,
Scofield. Shanklin. Shcllabarger, Sitgrcaves, Strouse,
Tabcr, Taylor. John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble,
Tiowbiidge, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert
T. Van Horn, Ward, Welker, Wentworth, Whaloy,
James F. Wilson. Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbridge—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Jenckes, and Williams—2.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Deios R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Blaine,
Blow, Brandegee, Bioomall, Buiuly, Chanler, Conk-
ling. Cook, Cullom, Culver, Darling, Davis, Deming,
Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, Dodge, Dumont, Finck,
Goodyear, Grider, Gnnnell, Gviswold, Hale, Harris,
Henderson, Hill, Hotchkiss, Asahcl W. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey,
Jones. Kasson, Kelso, Longyear, Marshall, Marvin,
McClurg. Mclndoe, Mclveu, Mcltuer, Patterson,
Phelps, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, Sawyer. Sloan,
Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Stilwcll, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Upson, Warner, Elihu B. Wash-
burne. Henry D. Washburn, William B. Washburn,
Winfield. and Wright—67.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. ANCONA. My colleague, Mr. Samuel
J. Randall, is detained from the House by in-
disposition. If he were here he would votefor
the resolution.
Mr. RADFORD. I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Winfield, is absent on account
of indisposition. If he were here he would
vote for the resolution.
The SPEAKER. #The Chair has been re-
quested to announce that Mr. Thayer and Mr.
Dodge are detained from their seats by indis-
position.
The result of the vote was announced as
above.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, a joint resolution
of the House (No. 191) relating to the building
lately occupied for a national fair in aid of the
orphans of the soldiers and sailors of the Uni-
ted States.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, a joint
resolution of the House (No. 93) declaring
Tennessee again entitled to Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress; in which amend-
ments the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to Senate bill No. 269, to define the
number and regulate the appointment of offi-
cers in the Navy, and for other purposes.
pardon of g. e. pickett.
Mr. SCHENCK submitted the following res-
olution, upon which he demanded the previous
question :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be respectfully requested to inform this House, if in
his opinion not incompatible with the public interest,
whether an application has at anytime been made to
him for the pardon of G. F. Pickett, who acted as a
major general of rebel lorces in the late war for the
suppression of insurrection ; and if so, what has been
the nHion thereon; and that he communicate copies
of all papers, entries, indorsements, or other docu-
mentary evidence having relation to any proceeding
in connection with such application for pardon. And
that he also inform this House whether, since the ad-
journment at Raleigh, North Carolina, on the 30th
of March last, of the last board or court of inquiry
which was convened to investigate the facts attend-
ing the hanging of a number of United States sol-
diers for alleged desertion from the rebel army, any
further measures have been taken to bring the said
Pickett or other perpetrators of that crime to pun-
ishment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
assassination of president lincoln.
Mr. LE BLOND submitted the following
resolution, on which he demanded the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That A. J. Rogers, a member of the Ju-
diciary Committee, be, and he is, authorized to take
a copy of the evidence before said committee in the
case referred to it,toinquireintoandreportwhethcr
Jefferson Davis, and others, had any connection with
the assassination of President Lincoln ; and that he
have a stenographer to assist him, who is to be ap-
pointed by the Speaker, sworn to secrecy and to be
under the control of the House; and that said copy
be taken when the papers are not in actual use by
lion. Mr. Boutwell; and that the papers,or any of
theiu, be not taken from the committee-ioom, and be
used for no purpose but for the use of said Rogers
as a member of said committee in investigating said
case.
Sir. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope that the
previous question will not be seconded.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 30, noes 72,
Mr. ROGERS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Rogers and Boutwell.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 27, noes 73.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then it goes over under
the rule. • :,
pay of a committee clerk.
Mr. WELICER submitted the following res-
olution : -
Resolved, That the salary of the clerk to the Comi 
mittee of Claims be fixed at the same rate as that of
the clerk of the Committee on Appropriations, to
commence from the first day of the present session of
Congress.
Mr. ANCONA. I make the point of order
that, under the previous resolution of the House,
this resolution must go to the Committee of
Accounts.
Mr. WELKER. I introduced it for refer-
ence to that" committee.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee of Accounts. , '
provost marshal general fry.
Mr. ECKLEY. I submit the following res-
olution at the request of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Davis,] and I will state that I
propose to debate it:
Whereas on the 30th of April a letter purporting to
be written by General Fry was read in this House,
together with sundry documents accompanying it,
which letter was grossly libelous and reflected upon
the public and private character of a member; and
whereas the House having ordered an inquiry as to
said letter and its truth or falsity; and whereas for
that purpose a select committee was raised, which
committee has ascertained and reported said letter
to have been false and malicious: Therefore,
Reaolncd, That the Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire and report whether any breach
of the privileges of the House not sufficiently reported
"upon by said select committee has been committed in
connection with writing or sending said letter, the
documents accompanying the same, or the introduo
tion thereof into the House, or causing the same to
be read in the House, or entered upon the record of
the House, or making the same public, and if so, by
whom, and what action, if any, should be taken; ana
that said committee also inquiro and report whether
said libel has been republished or renewed by the
said General Fry or any other person since the ter-
mination of the session of said committee, and if so,
by whom, and whether any and what action ought to
be had thereon; and that said committee havo power
to send lor persons and papers.
The SPEAKER. As the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ecklet] proposes to debate this
resolution, it goes over under the rules.
enrolled bills and joint resolution.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled hills
and a joint resolution of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 2D0) to' amend an act
to establish the charter of the Alexandria and
Washington railroad, passed March 3, 1863;
An aet (H. R. No. 559) to authorize the ex-
tension, construction, and use by the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company of a railroad from
between Ivnoxvilleand the Slonocacy Junction
into and within the District of Columbia;
An aet (H. R. No. 379) to establish, in the
District of Columbia, a House of Correction
for boys;
An aet (H. R. No. 201) making appropria-
tions for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th of
June, 1887, and for other purposes ;
An act (H. R. No. 477) further to provide
for the safety of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
to regulate the salaries of steamboat inspectors,
and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 124) authorizing the con-
struction of a jail in and for the District of
Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 564) to annul the thirty-
fourth section of the declaration of rights of
the State of Maryland so far as it applies to
the District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 709) for the relief of Mrs.
Eleanor C. Ransom;
An act (H. R. No. 601) to grade East Capi-
tol street and establish Lincoln square;
An aet (H. R. No. 615) legalizing marriages,
and for other purposes, in the District of Co-
lumbia ; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 159) authorizing
