1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2127
do occur they may be filled by graduates of
West Point. Whereas, if the original propo-
sii'on is adopted, whenever vacancies occur
graduates of West Point cannot be commis-
sioned to fill tliem.
I desire to have read a communication from
the chief of the bureau respecting the neces-
sity of retaining the force as it now exists.
The Clerk read the communication, as fol-
lows :
Office Commissary General of Subsistence,
Washington City, Aprdlft, 1866.
Sm: In reply to your note of this date calling my
attention to the provision of H. R. bill 361, section
nineteen, reducing the number of officers of the sub-
sistence depaitment, after being first filled to its
present strength, and asking my views thereon, I
have the honor to state that the number ot officers
of the subsistence department now authorized is
twenty-nine, which number it, is proposed by this
bill to continue until reduced by the occurrence of
vacancies to nineteen.
In my j udi?ment, th e subsisten.ee depa rtmcnt shoul d
not be reduccd below its present number of officers,
nor their grade or designation changed.
All of the twenty-nine officers (except Captain
Turner, brevet major general of volunteeis, who is
in command of thedi«Lict of Henrico, Virginia,) now
composing the department, are at present on duly at
points where their services cannot be dispensed with
without detriment to the service, which the accom-
panying list will in a measure explain, As soon as
officers can be spared from their present positions,
the service of one will be required in Arizona, another
in Utah. One is (brevet Major Cushing) now on his
way to the department of the Platte.
The Army is necessarily so widely scattered over
the whole country of the United States that twenty-
nine officers are not too many to give one officer to
each important purchasing point and point of gen-
eral supervision.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. B. EATON,
Commissary General of Subsistence.
Hon. Robert S. IIale, llouie of Representatives.
Mr. WOODBRIDCrE. Here we have a
statement from General Eaton, who, during
the last Avar, has won laurels for himself and
his department by the readiness and facility
with which he furnished supplies, giving his
reasons why there should be no diminution of
the force in his bureau, and his reasons are
good. He is supposed to know what the wants
of his department are, and he says that owing
to the great extent of our country, requiring so
many military divisions, even now, with the
present force, there are two highly important
stations not occupied.
Now, I understand from the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs that this depart-
ment does not need many men, and that clerks
can perform a large proportion of the duties
required. Why, sir, what is the history of the
commissary department? It was formerly on
the civil list of the United Slates, and in the
war of 1812, when those holding civil offices
were invested with the duty of supplying the
Army, it was found that it was impossible to
secure that order and regularity of supplv which
is necessary to keep an army successfully in the
field. Accordingly, in 1818. the department was
made a portion of the military arm of the Gov-
ernment, and from that time to the present it
has always been so considered. Throughout
the Mexican war, and the various Indian wars,
its organization and eflieieney have been ad-
mirable, and certainly during the rebellion it
has been a matter of amazement to all Euro-
pean officers who have been here to see how
the immense armies we have kept in the field
have been supplied, having everything in the
way of material that an army could need.
We are told by my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Scheuck] that there are too many officers hang-
ing about Washington in this department, if
the gentleman had read the returns made by
the department he would have seen that that
is not so ; because, of the twenty-nine officers
connected with the department, there are only
five to-day performing duty at Washington.
The others are at Boston, Philadelphia, New
York, New Orleans, San Francisco, and in
various other portions of the country where
purchases of supplies are absolutely demanded,
so that we have not a bureau filled lip with
men who are seeking advancement and not
performing duty. Of the twenty-nine men all
but five are distributed in various sections of
the country. I know of one lieutenant colonel
who, instead of being in Washington, as the
gentleman says, having nothing to do but to
sport his gold buttons, had three horses shot
under him in the field, as a commissary in the
Army, and in one year disbursed over forty
million dollars in the city of New York. And,
sir, you find nowhere, either in the quarter-
master's or in the commissary's department,
where the offices are filled by men who have
been educated where personal honoris the first
law of their observance; you find nowhere com-
plaints or charges against such men that their
accounts are wrong or that they have disgraced
themselves and injured the country by misap-
propriating the moneys placed in their hands
for the purchase of supplies.
Why, sir, there is another lieutenant colonel
in this bureau, I will not call his name, who
graduated at West Point, served throughout
the Mexican war, led the forlorn hope at Cha-
pultepec, and greatly distinguished himself in
his early professional career. At the com- |
mencement of the rebellion he desired to take
the field, but his experience and usefulness in
the department were such that he was obliged
to abandon the prospect of honor and promo-
tion in the field for the less fascinating but no
less lionoi'able duties of the office. _ /
Now, sir, if it is true, as I believe it is—-for
I am one of those who believe in the integrity
of such men as General Eaton—that the force
cannot be diminished, why does the gentleman
from Ohio insist on reducing the number of
officers from twenty-nine to nineteen? Before
tiie war there were twelve or fourteen officers
in this department, with an army of only seven-
teen thousand men. During the war, with an
army proper of probably forty thousand, these
twenty-nine officers have been required, and j
in addition to that some four or five hundred i
officers have been detailed from the volunteer
service to fill various positions in the com-
missary department. With an army of fifty
thousand at the minimum, with power of ex-
panding it to eighty thousand, or thereabouts,
and with all of these volunteer officers mustered
out of the service, the whole duty will fall upon
these twenty-nine men. And here is an at-
tempt to reduce the number from twenty-nine
to nineteen. It looks to me, sir, as "penny
wise and pound foolish."
Again, sir, an objection is made to West
Point graduates being permitted to have pro-
motion in this department. That seems to me
to be unjust toward West Point. We are told
in this House that West Point has been a
school where treason has been nurtured. Well,
sir, if there have been men there who have
been taught treason, if was because they were
appointed by such men as until recently oc-
cupied the War Department, and who had early
had instilled into them this pernicious doc-
trine of State rights. But take the record, and
you will find that not one third of the graduates
of Wrest Point cither resigned or joined the
'rebel army; while one half of the civil ap-
pointees in the regular Army deserted their
flag and went over to the rebels.
Sir, it is not, and it has not been, a nursery
of treason. Tt is, and it has been, a nursery
of honorable, high-toned, high-minded, and
educated gentlemen. And if there is a place
under heaven where personal dignity and per-
sonal honor, under all circumstances, are in-
culcated, it is at West Point. Her course of
education to-day is equal to that of any other
institution in this country; and the courses of
study in our colleges have been improved by
borrowing from West Point.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Scufack] give way to allow me to
move that the time of the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Sir. Woodhmdge] be extended?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly; I lane 110
objection to that.
"Mr. THAYEIl. I ask unanimous consent
that the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. WooD-
bridge] have his time extended until he shall
have concluded his remarks.
There was no objection.
Mr. WOODBRIDG-E. I do not believe in
long speeches, either before Congress or before
courts. It is a great deal easier to tire people
out than it is to secure their attention.
I was merely going on to say that this argu-
ment respecting West Point is one that is unjust
toward that institution and toward the men who
have been educated there.
Another feature of this bill, to which we shall
come hereafter, divorces West Point fiom the
Engineer corps, where it always has been, and
where in my judgment it always should be,
because the engineer officers are placed in thai •
department by reason of their superior attain-
ments in all the various branches of military
knowledge.
Mr. SCHENCK. We are not considering
the engineer department now.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Schexck] objects to my remarking
upon any other portion of the bill, and I will
not pursue the argument further.
After the revolutionary war was over, Wash-
ington saw the importance of a military educa-
tion, and West Point was established. Through
the war of 1812 she carried us successfully; and
in the war with Mexico, West Point obtained
the most triumphant victories, and made the
most triumphant marches that at that time were
on the record of history.
And during this great rebellion, what has
been the record of West Point? Look at her
Grants, and Shermans, and Sheridans, and
Meades, and her dozens and scores of others
who covered themselves with glory during this
last controversy. The heroes of the war that
came from West Point challenge to-day the
admiration of the world. They are the men
whose names are written highest on the scroll
of honor.
Sir, I would not depreciate the efforts of
other officers, or detract from their merit.
The volunteers of this country are entitled to
the lasting gratitude of the country; they have '
made their record high and heroic. But, sir,
war is a science, and the man who has been
educated to the profession is the more likely
to excel. And when in addition to that educa-
tion, he is trained in those high notions of
personal honor which West Pointers are trained
in, you may put your Treasury in his hands and
every dollar will be accounted for.
Mr. SCHENCK. The proposition of the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Woodisridge]
is to strike out the House section and to insert
the Senate section as a substitute. He admits
the differences to be three, the first of which is
in the titles given to these officers. The House
bill proposes to get rid of the titles of assistant
commissary generals of subsistence and assist-
ant commissaries of subsistence, and to provide
for them by a couple of assistant commissary
generals, and call all the rest, commissaries.
This is, as it was in regard to the quartermas-
ter's department, a matter of taste. The House
has concurred with the committee, by adopting
the section which they have reported in regard
to the quartermaster's department, and I hope
they will agree with the committee to apply the
same rule to commissaries of subsistence.
The gentleman admits that there is no ques-
tion between us as to the legal effect of that
part of the bill, because I have ready an amend-
ment precisely similar to that which was oflered
to the other two sections of the bill—an amend-
ment of such a character as to avoid effectually
any such legal consequence as to deprive these
officers of their commissions. I leave, then, as
a mere matter of taste or a mere matter of con-
venience—for it is nothing more—the question
whether these officers .shall be called '' assistant
commissaries general'' down the line till you
come to the lowest, the captains, and then
'' commissaries of Mibsistence,'' or whether they
shall all. except the two principal assistants,
be called commissaries.
The next difference between the gentleman's
