1168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareh 3,
outrage our sense of justicc and of right, bring
dishonor upon the character of the nation;
madden and make desperate the people of the
South, utterly prevent any Union of the sec-
tions, and in time would make us detest our
own baseness.
Sir, there are now no belligerents. The sol-
diers of the army lately in hostile array against
us have gone to their homes in accordance with
the manly and merciful terms of Grantand Sher-
man. The prominent leaders have either fled
or are in prison or have sued for pardon. Our
own gallant Army has been disbanded. In the
case of Amy Warwick, in admiralty, Judge
Sprague, of Massachusetts, said:
"It has been supposed that, if the Government have
the rights of a belligerent, then, after the rebellion is
suppressed, it will have the ri"tits of conquest: that a
State an,t its inhabitants may bo divested of ail polit-
ical privileges and treated as foreign territory ac-
quired by arms. This is a fjrave and dangerous error.
Belligerent rights oannot bo exercised where there are
110 belligerent". Conquest of a foreign country Rives
absolute, unlimited sovereign lights; but^ no nation
ever makes sueb a conquest. of its own territory." *
* * *- " When the United States take posses-
sion of a rebel district tlicy merely vindicate their pre-
exist! no: title. Under despotic, (iovernments the right
of eoiifiseationmaybounlimitcd; but under ourGov-
ei'iiment the right of sovereignty over any portion of
a State is given and limited by tlu; Constitution, and
will be the same after the war as before."
I think that I have shown, both by reason
and by authority, that the law of' conquest docs
not apply; and if it did, fo attempt its enforce-
ment would violate the modern usages of civ-
ilized Stales, shock the moral sense of the
Christian world, and make a record of oppres- \
sion and infamy that, would defy the tooth of ;
time. It would fix a stain upon our national j
character upon which no recording angel would j
drop a fear and Idol it out forever.
\\ hat is a State in the American Union? It I
is a fundamental error to give the same defini- 1
tiou to a State in the Union as is given to the |
term State in the law of nations. Wheatou
says>:
" ' sovereign State is generally defined to be any
Tintinn nr people, wl ate\or nuiy be (Ik1 form of its
in I ornnl const 11 nl ion, which gov et ns ilM'lf independ-
entb ot toreign I'oweis," and that " (tie subjects of
intern.itionnl law arc sepai,ite pohli'.il societies of
men, living independently of each other."
Such a State may have its form of govern-
ment completely chantred. either by the act. of
its own citizens or by foreign conquest. It may
be deprived ol'ils independence, as have been
Poland and Hungary, and no parent Govern-
lneiit rescues it from disaster or relieves its
downfall. A State in the family of nations is
one thing, and a State in the American I'liion
a did'ei-enf thing. Jiotli luueterritory, definite
boundary, people, anil a system of laws. The
one is so\ereign, the other subordinate. Tim
one is independent, tin1 olliordependont. The
one can regulate commerce vv itli other nations,
coin money, declare war, make peace and ratify
treaties, inise and support ai uiies, and piovide
and maintain ships of war in time of peace,
the oiImt is expressly prohibited from the ex-
ert i.~e of these liiy.il acts of sovereignly. To
the one the law of nations applios ; totheother
it does not. Therefo'-C, the definition of a
State in the law of nations has no appropriate
application, hi this country absolute sover-
eignty is in the people. The national Govern-
ment represents this sovereignty. The powers
delegated to it, and the restrictions imposed
upon the States, both impair the soveieigutv
of the States. The Constitution says;
"Each State shall have at least one Iteprcsent-
ativo."
"The Senate shall be composed of two Senatois
from each State."
"Each State shall appoint in such manner as the
Legi-latutc thereof may direct a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senator.-, and Repre-
sentatives."
In reference to these, provisions Chief Justicc
Marshall said :
"These clause? show that the term 'State'is used
in the Constitution as designating a member of the
Union, and excludes from tile tenn the signification
attached to it by the writers on tiie law of nations."
A State, as a member of the Union, is estab-
lished for perpetuity as the Union is established
for perpetuity. As such, fherefore, it eannever
die. It may modify its government at pleasure,
always preserving a republican form, but it can-
not take itself, and no earthly power can take
it, out of the Union without the consent of
all the States. Treason and rebellion may
rage, the storm and tempest of war may come,
but if the Union is carried safely through to a
haven of rest, each State will find secure shelter
in the same haven.
'The President, with true discernment, lias
perceived and in forciblelanguage has expressed
the correct theory as to the rights of the seceded
States. In his message he said:
"The States, attempting to secede, placed them-
selves in a condition where their vitality was im-
paired, not extinguished, their functions suspended,
not destroyed."
All who entertain this doctrine are called by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] " dreaming theorists." Sarcasm and
bitterness will never change a truth. The
President will be sustained in this view by the
people of the country who desire peace and
Union, witli equality of rights to all the States,
degradation to none. His plan will commend
itself to the judgment of all men uninfluenced
by hate and fanaticism. His course for the
restoration of peace and confidence and Union
will be welcomed and approved by the Amer-
ican people. Did the fact of rebellion destroy
the rights of the States ; subject them to your
will; give you power to govern them by oflicers
of your appointment, by laws of your enact-
ment; to tax the people and allow them no
representation: make them abject slaves? If
you had declared these as the objects of the
war, the brave and gallant men who rushed to
the rescue of their Government would have
laughed at your calamity. They suffered and !
toiled and battled and died to secure liberty and I
Union, to hold the States from madly rushing
from their spheres. The grand purpose was
accomplished, and now you would change the
fruit of their labors info bitterness. Tliis idea
of "defunct States" is a most cruel mockery,
not only to the people of the southern States
but fo the hopes and aspirations of millions
everywhere, whose hearts throbbed with joy
and pride and exultation over peace returned,
the Union restored, and the States still shining
in their original luster.
The right to exercise certain functions in the
administration of the General Government, fo
be represented in the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, is as fully secured as the right of
local government. These functions for a time
may be abandoned, and you have no power to
compel a resumption of them. The exercise
of them may he given up and again resumed at
the pleasure of the State. If lias often happened
that there has been only a partial representa-
tion in the Senate and House from some of the
States. Docs the refusal to exercise these func-
tions occasion a loss, a destruction, or a sus-
pension ol'tliem? The existence of the General
Government depends upon the action of a ma-
jority of the States. If non-action in lime of
rebellion destroys the rights of the States, then
mm-action in tune of peace would effect the
same result. Gentlemen on the other side rea-
son that the cause of the assumed legal death
of the States is their failure to act as members
of the Union, 'flic Stales constitute the Union.
If such is the consequence to the State, then
a failure of a majority of them to act would
cause the death of the Union. That there is
only a suspension, and not a destruction oflegis-
lative powers in such a case, is e\ ident from the
opinion of the Supreme Court. In the case ol
Cohen r<. Virginia, (G Wheaton) Chief Justice
Marshall said;
"The people make the Constitution, ami the peo-
ple can uumake it. It is the creature of their will,
and can onlylive by their will. But this supreme and
ii legist iblc power to make and to unmake resides only
in the whole body of the people, not in any subdivis-
ion ofthom." * * * * " it is true that if
all the States, or a majority of them, refuse to cleet
Senators, tho legislative powers of the tfnion are
suspended."
During the war of 1812. a place called Cas-
tine was captured by the enemy, and remained
for a time in his exclusive possession. After
the cessation of hostilities and the evacuation
by the enemy, in a case which arose, the Su-
preme Court use the following language:
"The sovereignty of the United States over tho
country was suspended. By the surrender the. inhab-
itants passed under a tcmpwan/ allegianco to the
British Government."—4 Oraiieh, ,'SOl.
I prefer to adopt the choice language of Mar-
shall, rat.her than the wild theory of destruc-
tion. In such cases the legislative powers ot
the Union are suspended, not lost or destroyed.
During the late war the sovereignty of the Uni-
ted States over a portion of the States was sus-
pended. They were for years under a tempo-
rary allegiance to the usurped government ot
thelate " confederate States." The war which,
caused this suspension and temporary allegiance
has ceased, the' law has triumphed, and they
are clothed with all the attributes of govern-
ment as before the war. They are like—
"Spirits that Iivo throughout,
Vital in every part."
Their vitality may be impaired, but. cannot
be annihilated except by the supreme and irre-
sistible power of the whole people. The con-
stitutions and laws of the southern States, as
they have always existed, are their constitu-
tions and laws to-day, except as modified by
them or by the constitutional action of the
Federal Government.
No one will deny that before the war the
southern States possessed all the powers of
local government, and had the right 'of repre-
sentation in this House, as fully as Newlork
or Illinois. These local powers must live as
long as liberty survives. This right of repre-
sentation must endure as long as the Union
endures. 'The first inheres in the States ; the
latter can only be disturbed by the act of tho
; States or by despotic power. In all of the
j northern States, during tho war, the privilege
I of the writ of ha'.H'tts corpus was suspended ;
! freedom of speech was denied ; the freedom or
| the press was abridged ; the light to bear arms
I was iufiinged ; the right of the people to be
secure in their persons, houses, papers, and
effects, against unreasonable searches and seiz-
ures, was violated ; the courts were restrained;
personal liberty was crushed ; the citizen was
denied the benefit of counsel, the right of trial
by jury, and imprisoned without, legal accusa-
tion. Our rights were not thereby destroyed.
They are inherent. Upon a revocation of the
proclamation, and a cessation of the state of
things which prompted these arbitrary meas-
ures, the Constitution and laws woke from
their lethargy, and again became our shield
and safeguard. American freemen inhabit the
| sonthei n Stales. The right, of si lt'-government
! inheres in them. Deprive them of it. and you
| chill the warm hopes of freemen everywhere,
| and obscure, it may be forever, the gleam of
light which is brightening our pathway into
the uncertain future.
The l'ight to control these States is claimed
to exist by \iitue of the fourth section of the
fourth article of the Constitution, which says:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
And the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stkvcxs] exclaims, in triumphant and mock-
ing language:
" They I the southern States] have torn tlicir consti-
tutional States into atoms, and built on their founda-
tions tabiics of a totally ditfevent character. Dead
men cannot raise themselves. Doad State:. cannot
restore their own existence ' as it was.' "
Sir, if they are dead, no new life will ever be
infused into them by this Congress. You are
but tolling the death-bell, attending upon the
funeral rites without sorrow and without a tear;
sitting at the '• sad funereal feast,1' and stimu-
lating a desire for the more sumptuous banquet
craved by a morbid appetite. But, sir, these
States are restored, and have republican gov-
ernments. A republican government is one
administered by representatives chosen by the
people, or one which derives its power from
the people. In reference to the guarantee of
such a government, Mr. Madison, in the Fed-
eralist, said:
"In a confederacy founded on republican princi-
ples the superintending Government ought clearly
II to possess authority to defend t he system a-gainstans*
