104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
to their homes since the close of the rebellion
and find those homes deserted and destroyed.
As I said before, they have raised no crops dur-
ing the past year, and winter is upon them at
this very hour.
Mr. KASSON. "Will the gentleman from
Kansas [Mr. Clarke] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I mast decline
to yield further, as my time is nearly .out. As
I said, the winter is upon them; they have no
means of subsistence, and if this House fails to
pass this bill before the adjournment over the
holidays many of these Indians must necessa-
rily starve. I speah in behalf of these Indians,
who have not only appealed to the protection
of their Government, to which they have con-
tinued loyal, but five thousand of whom entered
the service of the United States, and joined
\vith us in the defense of the country. This is
a question of humanity; one which appeals to
the humanity of this House; one which, if this
House fails to pass this bill, will appeal to the
humanity, sympathy, and charity of this coun-
try. 1 now call the previous question.
Mr. CONKLINU-. 1 ask for tellers on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes 52, noes 47.
So the previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered.
The question was upon ordering the joint res-
olution to be read a third time.
Mr. KASSON. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that this joint resolution involves
an appropriation requiring consideration in the
Committee of the "\\ hole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated, in reply lo the gentleman front Ohio,
[Mr. Spaijii vo.j that that point is made too
late. If before proceeding to the consideration
of this joint resolution that point had been
raised, the Chair would have examined the joint
resolution, and decided the question of order;
but, as the gentleman well knows, the usage has
been that if the consideration of a measure is
proceeded with without objection, that point
of order is considered to bo waived, and can-
not afterward be made.
The question was taken upon ordering the
joint resolution to be read a third time ; and
there were—ayes So, noes o7.
Mr. WINDOM. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wixdom
and Radford were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 5ti, noes 5!>.
Mr. WINDOM. I call for the j eas aud nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 07, not voting
48; as follows:
YEAS—Me=-rs. Allison, Banks, Bergen, Jtidwcll,
Boutwell, Brooks. Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Cook, JJixon. Drjggs, Burnout,
Eliot, Fa-rnsworth. Fine);, GrmnelJ, Hart, Henderson,
Hogan, Holmes. Botchki-t, Asaiiol V/. Hubbard,
Chester it. Hubbard, Fdwin iSr. ilubbell, James
Humphrey, laiiersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Julian,
Kerr, Kuykcndall, Latham, Lynch, Marfton, Mc-
Kupr, Jlyers, Newell, Nibkirk, Nicholson, I\oelI,
O'Xeiil, Periiam, Plants, Price, Itadfoid, feareuet J.
Randall, Alexander li. Bice, John 11. liice, Kogers,
Kollins, ito-s, Rousseau,Sehenok, ,^it;-'reave3.^avtisc,
Taber, Taylor, F rancis Thomas, Thornton, Liison,
\ an Aeraam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Voorhecs, Wairier, "VViuiiey, Jaiues "Wilson, V,"in-
dom, and Wri/ht—7'-.
NAYS—Me.^rs. Alley, Ancona, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin. Baxter, Bcaman. 13u\ianun, liing-
L.ayes, iiill, Bemas Hubbard, John II. il<ii>b&r<i,
Hulburd, Ka^on, Kelley, lveNo, Ketchum, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Loncryear,
Marshall, Marvin, McCulloch, McKoc. Mcrcur,
Mooraeml, Morrill, Orth, i'yne, Phu] , lJikv,
Wliham li. Jian<lall, Kayiaond, "K urcM\ Sawyer, Soo-
n'mi Smith, Spaldincr, Sf'-vciis, h'til!- .
well, Lhayer, John L. Thomas, TiowbiVc-e, Ywnu, |
LJihu L Washburne. William B. SVnAibnrn, Wol-
ker, \V eniwortb. and W lUiiims—1>7. I,
NOT V0TLNCr-Olei srs. Ames, Anderson, Dolo* R. •!
Ashley, Barker, J3lame, Blow, Bo^er, iirai>deGroe,
Buckland, Bundy, Culver, Darl^er, l>ovi^ Dawcf i
Delano, Doming, Demson, .Donnelly EMri<l<-o F-ir- !
miliar, Ferry, Goodyear, Griswold, Harris,"iiitfby, I
Hooper, J am.-'- K. iiubooll, Jarnn M. liuiaubicy 1
Jones, jjaflin, Le Blond, MeClurg, Melndoo' MoiriV i
Moulton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Sliankliu, Sloan,Starr' I
Trimble, Stephen P. Wilson, Wmfield, and Wood-
brid^'C—tt>.
So the joint resolution was ordered to a, third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being, "Shall the joint resolu-
tion pass?"
Mr. WINDOM demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the joint reso-
lution he laid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 53, noes CO.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. \V IX [)()YI moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion lo reconsider bo laid
■011 the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
universal exposition at paris.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, which was read, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I transmit a report of this date from the Secre-
tary of State, and the papers referred to therein,
concerning the Universal Exposition to be held
at Paris in the year 1807, in which the United
States have been invited by the Government of
France to take part. 1 commend the subject
to your early and favorable consideration.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
"Washington, December 11, lbtio.
, The message and accompanyingpapers were,
on motion of Mr. WENT WORTH, referred to
the Committee on Agriculture, and ordered to
be printed.
peonage ix mexico.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a message from the Pres-
ident of the United States, which was read, as
follows :
To the House of Representatives :
In answer to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 11th instant, requesting
information relative to a so-called decree con-
cerning the reestablishment of slavery or peon-
age in the republic of Mexico, I transmit a re-
port'from the Secretary of State, and the doc-
uments by which it was aecompanicd.
A \TKIEW~.JOHNSON.
"Washington, December 11, 18G5.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the message
and accompanying documents were referred lo
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordeied
to be printed.
taxation op domestic manufactures.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing concurrent resolution from tho Senate:
li^so'vcd It; the fcnafc, (the House of Kepresenta-
tives concurring.) That the Committee on Manufac-
tures ot'the resncetive Houses inquire if the ra x from
the internal revenue art upon the products of domes-
tic manufacture is greater tlnmthedaty. premium on
golrl, expenses' of exollanpe, and transportation upon
similar products imported, and if theieby the foreisn
product is entered tor consumption upon more favor-
able O; than the domestic pioduet, to report a
remedy by bill or otherwise.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move that the House
concur in the resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
investigation op indian affairs.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following concurrent resolution from the
Senate:
ftrnatr, (the House of It epresentatives
eoneiii'i Incr,' That the joint committee of the two
Houses appointed under ajoint ievolution at the List
M'—ion ot Con-Jtress to invebiiratuiiKiian iiii.-i'iv, b've
liberty to make their r.'poit at any time duriny the
prurient k'.-sina of Congress.
Sir. WINDOM. I move that the House con-
cur in tho resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
.mrs. lincoln.
Mr. WENTW OR 1II. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
4, for the relief of Mrs. Mary Lincoln, which has
been returned li om thu Senate with an amend-
ment. The amendnn -nt is merely a verbal one,
in which I move that the House concur.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
In lino ten, after the words " United State?," insert
"for the current year;" so that the clause wilt read:
Provided ahcayv. That any sum of money which
shall have been paid to the personal representatives
of the said Abraham Lincoln, since his death, on ac-
count of his salary us President of the United States,
for tho current year, shall be deducted from the said
sum of $25,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
abolition of slayeky.
Mr. BROOM ALL asked to have entered a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution relative to the constitutional amend-
ment for the abolition of slavery was referred
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
The entry was accordingly made.
freedhen's bureau.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Sesolved, That tho Superintendent of the Freed-
men's Bureau, Major General Howard, be directed to
inform this House whether any real estate, seized un-
der the act of 17th of July, 1862, ascnemies' property,
the title to which, by that act, wasvested in the Uni-
ted States, has been assigned or allotted to frcednien
as a residence and homestead by any department of
the Government: and if so, whether the same has been
restored to the rebel owners, the people of color or-
dered off, and by whose authority: and also whether
abandoned plantations ha ve been thus kept, and thus
restored; and, if known to the said Superintendent
of tho Freedmen's Bureau, to state under what pre-
tense of authoi it > traitors' property rested in the Uni-
ted States under the confiscation act was taken from
the United States and bestowed on conquered ene-
mies.
ADJOURNMENT OVER 1KB HOLIDAYS.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had agreed to the report
of the committee of conlerence, that when the
two Houses adjourned on Thursday the 21st of
December, they should adjourn until Friday
January 5, 1805.
Mr. WASI1BURNE, oflllinois. Mr. Speaker,
I rise to a privileged question, to make a report
from the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses relative to the
adjournment over the holidays. Iiibtead of the
propositions adopted by the Senate and the
House we have agreed on an adjournment from
Thursday the 2ist of December to Friday the
5th oi" ,1 an nary next. 1 desire to say in regard
to that report that they were the best terms we
could get on the part of the House from the
Senate. The committee on the part of the
House, representing tho sentiment of the ma-
jority here, were desirous of having tho full
time provided in the House resolution, but the
Senate would agree to no more than what we
have reportc d.
1 will ;.tate further, that it was stated to the
committee on the part of the Senate that there
would not be much done in the House to-mor-
row as many members had made arrangements
to leave to-night. We were told that, there
were some things they wanted to do in the
Senate to-morrow, but that the House could
by unanimous consent agree that no business
should be transacted io-morrow.
The report was adopted.
Mr. Vi ASH Bl RN E, oflllinois, moved to
reconsider the ^rte li\ which the report was
j adopted: and also moved that the motion to
j reconsider be laid upon the table.
| The latter motion wis agreed to.
[ Mr. STEViiVS movid that when the IIouso
adjourns on Friday tho Oth of January, it will
adjourn until the toilowing Monday.
Ttie SPEAKER. The. Chair would be glad
to entertain thai, motion, but it. is not m order.
It has been decided repeatedly that the House
cannot determine in JJecember what time it
will adjourn over in January.
death oi' iio.%. u;;n\;)0
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, the sad duty is
devolved upon me of announcing to this House
