$865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr
10©
the death of Hon. Orlando Kellogg, a mem-
ber-elect to the Thirty-Ninth Congress, from
the sixteenth district of New York.
Mournful as this task always is, it is espe-
cially so in this case; for it is not merely a col-
league upon the floor of this House whose loss I
mourn, but an intimate personal and political
friend of my whole adult life, and one with
whom, for many years as my professional part-
ner, my relation's were of the nearest and most
intimate character. And in laying this my
scanty tribute upon the grave of my dead
friend, 1 seem rather to myself as bewailing
the personal loss of a brother than as taking
part in the common forms of official eulogy.
Mr. Kellogg was born in Elizabethtown,
Essex county, New York, on the 18th of June,
1809. There his life was spent, and there he
died on the 24th day of August last.
His ancestors were the pioneers in the settle-
ment of his native town, and bore and left there
a respected name.
His father, an industrious and worthy me-
chanic, died just as his eldest son, whose mem-
ory we now honor, attained the age of seventeen
years, leaving afamily impoverished andreduced
to actual destitution by the lingering and pain-
ful disease which had for years deprived them
of the labors and support of their head.
At this early age—or indeed at a still earlier
—commenced the labors and responsibilities
of life with Mr. Kellogg, and from them he
never flinched. Assuming not only cheerfully
but eagerly the duties thus forced upon him,
applying himself to his father s trade, with ham-
mer and ax and jack-plane, he wrought out by
the labor of his hands, for his widowed mother
and orphaned brothers and sisters, support and
comfort and the means of education. Never
was graver task undertaken by such a youth—
never one more faithfully and thoroughly per-
formed.
At the age of twenty-two, under the advice
of friends, he commenced the study of law, and
after serving the protracted course of study then
required by the rules of his State was admitted
to practice in the year 1838.
In 1840 he received from Governor Seward
the appointment of surrogate of his native
county, and performed most acceptably the
delicate and trying duties of that office for
four years.
In 184C he was elected a member of the Thir-
tieth Congress.
At the end of his term he returned to private
and professional life, and so remained till called
by the almost unanimous voice of his district
again to represent them in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress, and was again reelected to thepresent
Congress.
Of his congressional carcer many here can
speak with better and fuller knowledge than I.
He was never a prominent or obtrusive mem-
ber. Diffident and cautious of speech, he never
thrust himself upon the notice of the House,
and indeed rarely rose to speak. But among
those who could truly appreciate such qualities
his sterling good sense, his practical wisdom,
his unerring tact in the management both of
men and things, did not foil to stamp him as a
man who, in many of the qualities that go fur-
thest to constitute worth for the practical every-
day duties of life, had on the floor of the House
few equals and no superior.
At the breakingout, of the rebellion Mr. Kel-
logg gave himself, heart and soul, purse and
person and family, to the cause of his country.
Though precluded by controlling personal and '
family circumstances from active participation
in the military service, no man in that sen ice
or out of it gave up his time, his labors, or his
means, more unreservedly to the support of the
military measures of the Government.
To the soldiers from his own district his re-
lation seemed almost paternal, and particularly
his own peculiar district regiment, the one
hundred and eighteenth New York volunteers,
in whose organization ho took a most active
part, and in whoso ranks liis sou marched,
always welcomed him with enthusiastic zeal
as their father and their friend.
No labor was too severe for him to undertake
on behalf of (ho humblest soldier. Nay, oven
crime could not steel his heart against mercy,
and th e erring and condemned soldier has more
than once found in him an intercessor who would
not be denied, and has been restored by his
efforts to life and liberty and reformation.
In his profession Mr. Kellogg stood deserv-
edly high. Precluded by the very circumstances
of Lis early life to which I have adverted from
the scholarly research and nicety of legal learn-
ing which are essential to the perfect lawyer, he
yet brought to his profession that broad and
comprehensive view both of facts and princi-
ples, that quiet sagacity, that intuitive percep-
tion of secret causes and motives, that prompt
and fearless action, and that perfect and un-
spotted integrity of character that made him
from the very outset of his professional career
a counselor most widely sought and most highly
valued. In his profession he was m ost emphat-
ically a peacemaker, and his first inquiry when
consulted by a client seemed always to be,
how can litigation bo honorably and properly
avoided ?
As a jury advocate he stood in the very first
rank in his section of the State. Plain, and
often blunt of speech, but always apt, always
forcible; often rising to genuine and lofty
eloquence, and often exhibiting that wonder-
ful combination of humor and pathos that is
reached by nothing short of genius; always im-
pressing his auditory with the conviction of his
own earnestness and sincerity—the first requi-
site of a successful orator—he combined a larger
number of the essential requisites of a jury ad-
vocate than often falls to the lot of one man.
But it is as a citizen and neighbor, in his
social and private relations, that I would speak
most freely of Mr. Kellogg ; and here, alas! I
feel the most deeply my inability to do justice
to his character, for the very reason that my
knowledge of him was so intimate, my love and
respcct for him so thorough.
Though often rough and almost repellant in
maimer, no kinder, truer, more loving and
sympathizing heart overheat in human bosom.
In every act or question touching his fellow-
men his first impulse was rectitude, his second
kindness.
I never knew a man who enjoyed more uni-
versally the respect and confidence of the entire
community in which he dwelt, irrespective of
all difference of social position, of character, or
creed.
Always bold, frank, unreserved in his polit-
ical opinions and utterances, no political an-
tagonist ever grew into a personal enemy. For
while he knew no fear or hesitation in the ex-
pression of his own political views, he extended
the largest tolerance and charity to all who
differed with liim.
His manliness, boldness, frankness, and te-
nacity of purpose commended him to the ad-
miration and confidence of all; and he most
accurately filled the character painted by the
lioman poet, as
"Justum ao tenacem propositi virmn."
The sanctity of the family circle I cannot in-
vade further than to say that never was hus-
band, son, and lather mourned with a deeper
and holier grief than he, by widow, mother, and
children.
Mr. Speaker, those of this House whose lives
arc passed amid the din and jostle of crowds,
the cares and anxieties of active political and
business life, can hardly appreciate the strength
of the social ties that bind together the few in-
habitants of a sequestered community like that
in which Mr. Kellogg lived. We are not, as
the inhabitants of the crowded city are too apt
to be, divided from each oilier by party-walls;
but the life of each man seems seuoibly to run
into that of every other: we seem to be in effect
but a larger family circle.
"When, on the morning of the 2-lth of August,
the hurried report ran through our village that
Mr. Koli.ogg was dying, was dead—he whom
we had all seen a few hours before in robust
health, with every promise of long life and j
useful labor—there was not a house.on. Vtieli
it did not seem that a shadow fell, not a family
but seemed a family of mourners.- ,
Among those ragged hills where Ms life was
spent and where his body now lies Ms nana,®
and memory will be long cherished,; and the
present generation, at least, must fully pass
away before the personal memories of his vir-
tues, his kindnesses, and his true and manly
heart can perish from among us,
_ Mr. Speaker, I present the following resolu-
tions, and move their adoption:
Resolved, That this House has learned with sincere
regret the death of Hon. Orlando Hellogs, member-
cleet to this House from the sixteenth congressional
district of New York, and that to mark their respeet
for his memory, the members of this House will go
into mourning by wearing- crape upon the left arm for
thirty days.
Mesolved, That as a further mark of respect to the
memory of the deceased, this House do now adjourn.
_ Ordered, That the Oterk communicate thoseresolu-
tions to the Senate.
Mr. GKISWOLD. Mr. Speaker, I shall detain
the House but for a few moments in the tribjite
I feel called on to make to the memory of my
colleague and former associate in these Halls.
In eulogizing the dead we are wont—and it
is, perhaps, excusable—to indulge in language
of exaggeration. We are tempted to magnify
the virtues of the deceased and to make no note
of faults. But, sir, I believe if through his spirit
my lamented colleague, whose death we ai; 
now called on to commemorate, could speak, he
would admonish us to spare all over-wrought
encomiums, and utter no praise or commenda-
tion that we did not feel was justly due. This,
in my estimation, would be characteristic, for
lie was a man of singular directness and sin-
cerity. Nor is it necessary to say anything
more than the simple truth concerning him. A
true portraiture of his character—such as has
been so eloquently and faithfully presented by
his successor and intimate friend, [Mr. Hale,]
who has just preceded me—is all that is required
to command our respect and admiration.
Mr. Kellogg was a man" of great native sa-
gacity, thoroughly honest impulses, and fear-
less in the vindication of his convictions. His
judgment was formed more by intuition than
through the ordinary process of reasoning and
reflection. Discarding the doubts and subtle-
tiesthatwouldembarrassmostmen, he marched
directly to his conclusions. Once there, he sel-
dom had occasion to change, for truth and
honesty were the lights which guided him. Ha
was a man of strong common sense.
As wo have just heard, Mr. Speaker, he wasj
in the fullest meaning of the term, a self-made
man. Commencing life without any of the
advantages with which ancestry or wealth lino
the pathway of a young man, he felt that his
future was to depend upon himself; that from
his own unaided efforts he was to win success,
and manfully did he strike the hard blows that
were necessary to forge and shape his destiny.
He was one of those instances, Mr. Speaker,
so common under the favoring influences of the
institutions and laws of this country, which illus-
trate that the avenues to the most honorable
position and the highest success are here alike
open to all, and within the reach of every man
who will apply his God-given faculties with
fidelity and earnestness of purpose.
His" early life, as we have just learned, was
incumbered with more than the mere neces-
sities of caring for himself. The wants of a
widowed mother and her destitute children,
were dependent on him for supply, and the hard-
earned wages of a mechanic had to suffice for
them as well as for his own support. We have
j ust been told how faithfully he discharged these
duties; how, with the earnings of hisown strong
arm, want was kept from a household, and edu-
cation and comfort and happiness secured to its
inmates. This illustrates the real character of
the man, and speaks for him more eloquently
than any words of eulogy I can command.
As a lawyer, my knowledge of Mr. KeiaoS&
was more from his general reputation than any-
other source. It is sufficient, however, as evi-
dence of his professional ability) that throiigh-
