1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2129
Mr. SCIIENCK. All I have to say in answer
to that is that George Bell and J. D. Hawkins
wore.
Mr. HALE. I beg pardon. George Bell
was made brevet second lieutenant, July 3,
1853, served through the grades of second and
first lieutenant, and was appointed captain
and commissary of subsistence on the 3d of
August, 1801, more than eight years after he
became a brevet second lieutenant of artillery.
And just so with every officer in that depart-
ment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not every officer. I hap-
pen to know the fact as regards Mr. Sullivan
whom I myself sent to West Point. Being a
first lieutenant, he was made commissary'of
subsistence at the beginning of the war, "and
if he had remained with his battery, good officer
as he was, he would probably have become a
brigadier or major general of volunteers, or
lost his life, instead of which he remained only
a captain and commissary of subsistence.
Mr. HALE. He was not made commissary
from brevet second lieutenant.
Mr. SCIIENCK. No; he was a first lieu-
tenant.
Mr. HALE. That was the case with all
these men.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I may have been mistaken
in speaking of the first entry hero .'is brevet
second lieutenant; but that does not alter the
fact. Here is a case of a second lieutenant of
the first artillery who was not. graduated until
18liJ, and two years nfler fhat we find him a
captain in the commissary department.
Mr. HALE. 1 know the officer to whom
the gentlemen refers, for he comes from my
section of country; it is Lieutenant Elderkin.
He stood at the head of the list of first lieuten-
ants in his regiment, the first artillery, and had
served gallantly and nobly for three years in
the field. And from the first lieutenancy in his
regiment he was appointed a commissary.
Mr. SCIIENCK. That does not alter the
principle. Suppose that instead of being sec-
ond lieutenants, as dated on the list, they went
tluough the intermediate grade of first lieuten-
ant, what then ? I say there were artillery offi-
cers who, to get another step in promotion, con-
sented to go into the subsistence department.
Now, 1 find 110 fault with these young men,
and especially not in time of peace, when pro-
motion is slow; but 1 do say the jirobability is,
that if these men had remained with their bat-
teries, and fought it out during the war, most
of them who consented to become captains in
the subsistence department would have been
at the head of brigades, or divisions, or corps
before the war ended. And I say that it is not
our policy to educate men, either to bo first or
second lieutenants or captains, or to hold any
other rank in the artillery, infantry, cavalry,
or engineers, and then lot them become mer-
chants to feed the Army. That is the point
that I am making, and that is the point that I
would have the gentleman meet, if he can.
Now, sir, I have said that there was not an
opening until 1863. The door was then thrown
a little ajar; and it was so amusing, on account
of the way in which it was thus thrown ajar,
that I will give you an account of it, subject, of
course, to correction by my friend from New
York, [Mr. Hale.]
There was a commissary of subsistence, a
volunteer, in Boston, and a very excellent com-
missary he was, and has continued to be, and
is still. His name is Brigham. He was a com-
missary of subsistence stationed at Boston, not
in the field, and he has remained there, and has
got into the regular Army. How did he get
into the regular Army ? It would not do to put
him into the regular Army by direct transfer; for
that would have been declaring to the country
that it is possible for a man outside of the
"charmed circle" to get in. What did they
do? They required him to enlist as a common
soldier in the eleventh infantry of the United
States Army, which he did. He was immedi-
ately made a non-commissioned officer, and
thus rendered eligible to promotion to a sec-
ond lieutenancy, and then, having been made
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 134.
a second lieuteuant—mark you, all this time not
having resigned his commission as commissary
of volunteers—he was washed with the proper
waters, baptized into the regular Army, and was
then conipeient to be made a commissary of
subsistence. Thislittle, close corporation made
an excellent officer go through all this farce of
turning common soldier, sergeant, and second
lieutenant while yet a captain and commissary
of volunteers, in order that he might erccp into
the subsistence department without that horri-
ble and shocking thing, direct transfer from the
volunteers to merchandising in crackers and
beef, and taking charge of the provisions for
the Army!
Since then they have made some very good
appointments from the volunteer service—one
recommended by myself, Mr. Crane,who headed
the list of ton named for promotion, and had
done most gallant service in the field. Another
was a gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Pen-
rose, and there have been two or three other
appointments of'that kind made since that time.
13ut the objection I make is, that we do not
need to educate men at West Point to make
chaplains of them, or paymasters, or commis-
saries of subsistence, but that they have higher
and more important duties in the art of war lo
perform, in heading brigades and divisions, and
commanding their batteries ; and (hat when wo
make them, at great expense and cost of (inn;
and money, military engineers, artillerists,
skilled in infantry luetics, and good cavalry-
men, it is better and more proper that you
should leave open to them staff appointments
and other positions among the. engineers, tlu>
cavalry, the infantry, and the artillery, and
that these places of commissaries of subsistence
and chaplains and paymasters, which require
no more skill and knowledge than is developed
at any school in ( lie country or by the business
pursuits of life, should be filled up by men who
are just as well qualified audwill answer every
purpose.
I will not stop to argue the question whether
the difficulty is that you cannot get "gentle-
men" if you go outside of West Point, though
that was a part of the argument of my friend
fiom Vermont, [Mr. Woonmunou. ] J do not
want to impeach the gentility of West Point;
neither do I wish to impeach the gentiliiy or
integrity of the business men of the country
who are willing to accept positions of this kind
upon proper recommendations and with proper
examinations, which they will all have to obtain
and undergo. I think they will be found to
fill the bill quite as well as if they had been
educated on the banks of the Hudson.
Mr. HALE. If I understand the proper
course of parliamentary proceeding, it is, before
the vote shall be taken upon the substitute, to
submit any amendments which may tend to per-
fect the original section of the bill. If I am
correct in that, and the chairman of the Mili-
tary Committee [Mr. Sciienck] is now pre-
pared to offer an amendment to' obviate the
difficulty in regard to mustering these officers
out of the service, I would be very glad to have
him move it at this time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will move to amend sec-
tion nineteen of the bill by adding the following:
But nothing in this scction shall bo construed so
as to vacatc the commission uf any officer now com-
missioned either as assistant commissary general or
commissary of subsistence, but only to change the
title to commissary in the eases of those who rank as
lieutenant coionols, majors, and captains, wuiiout
affecting in any way their relative position or the
time from which they take such rank.
Mr. CONKLING. For the benefit of those
who do not understand this thing better than I
do, I would ask how this amendment will leave
the subsistence department practically.
Mr. HALE. I would say to my colleague,
[Mr. Conkling,] that I have one or two other
amendments which I propose to move to this
section, as soon as the vote is taken upon the
amendment moved by the chairman of the
Military Committee.
Mr. CONKLING. That is very likely. But
I want to know how this amendment is to affect
the personnel of the Commissary department.
It leaves that matter precisely
It legislates out nobody
Mr. HALE.
as it is now.
Mr. SUIIJiNCK.
at all.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Scubxck.
Mr. SMITH. T desire lo make a few reninrks
in reply to sumething that was said by the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Wooiunnru.i-.j a
lew minutes ago, not to touchprobably directly
or indirectly upon the question now before the
House.
I understood the gentleman from Vermont
to say in the conclusion of his remarks that
ihe entire credit, of the successes of the Tnion
Army and the downfall of the rebellion was
attributable to those who had graduated at West.
Point.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] allow me a
moment?
Mr. SMITH. When 1 have concluded my
sentence I will. And that almost all the repu-
tation that had been earned during the war
belonged to the men who had received (heir
education at that instil.ulion. While f give full
credit, to all those who distinguished them.se]von,
ivho came liom that Academy, mid would not
detract, in the slightest degree from any one
wdio won laurels 011 any field at any time, I
must be permitted to dissent most emphatically
from any such expressions emanating from any
gentleman upon this floor, and going out to tho
country.
I will now yield a moment to the gentleman
from Vermont.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. My friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Smith] most certainly misunder-
stood me. There probably is not a man in this
House who has a higher respect for the volun-
teer service of the country than I have ; there
is probably no man who would award I,hem
more credit than I would award them. They
distinguished themselves with great honor to
themselves and to the country; and they cer-
tainly did all which human energy and skill ami
foresight could do to save this country from
the ruin which threatened to befall it from the
rebellion.
But i did say, and J say it now, because I
believe it to be true, not only in this case, but
as a principle almost necessarily true in all
cases, that the men who achieved tho most dis-
tinguished military honor were tho men who had
graduated at West Point. There was Grant,
and Sherman, and Sheridan, and MePher-
son 
Mr. SMITH. And Hancock.
Mix WOODBRIDGE. Yes, and Hancock,
and scores of others whoso names I need not
mention, wdio have risen to the very highest
rank in the Army, and who really, by reason
of their education, did achieve the highest
reputation that was achieved in the field and
in any of the departments connected with the
Army.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, my friend from
Vermont has omitted to mention a great many
officers who graduated at West Point.
A Membkb. McClellan.
" Mr. WOODBRIDGE. One of the twelve
disciples did not come out all right; and hence
you must expect that there shall be once in a
while a similar occurrence in modern days.
Mr. SMITH. I do not intend, Mr. Speaker,
to disparage in the slightest degree the reputa-
tion of any gentleman who graduated at West
Point. I do wish, however, to state a fact
which I believe to be a matter of history, and
which tho records of this war will establish.for
all future time. It is well known to the House
and the country that when this war began the
regular Army was composed of about five
thousand men, rank and file. General Scott,
who was not, I believe, a graduate of West
Point, was the commander-in-chief. Pew of
the men who have distinguished themselves m
this war were then in the Army. Those of the
West Point graduates who stand highest to-day
among the distinguished men of this war had
at the opening of the war been long away from
