1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3089
which were read, considered, and agreed to,
namely:
Whereas under existing law?, and the official con-
struction of the same, a soldier who has been honor-
ably discharged, and has thereafter become insane,
from causes arising out of and produced by his service
in the Army, cannot gain admission to any hospital
for the insane; and whereas manifest hardship and
injustice are thus somotimes inflicted upon such per-
sons: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instiuctcd to leport a bill or joint resolution so
amending the existing law as to remedy the wroitg
aforesaid.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPOINTMENT TO AND REMOVAL FROM OFFICE.
Mr. WILLIAMS, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary
a bill for the regulation of appointments to and
removals from office; which was read a first
and second time, recommitted, and ordered to
be printed.
TRIAL OF JEFFERSON DAVIS.
Mr. BOUTWELL asked unanimous consent
to submit the following preamble and resolu-
tion:
Whereas it is notorious that Jefferson Davis was
the leader of the late rebellion, and is guilty of trea-
son under the laws of the United States; and whereas
by the proclamation of the President of May, 1865,
the said Davis was charged with complicity in the
assassination of President Lincoln, and said procla-
mation has not been revoked nor anmilled: There-
fore, _
Be itrcsolvecl, As the opinion of thellouse of .Repre-
sentatives, that said Davis should be hc;ld in custody
as aprwoner, nvul subjected to atrial according to the
laws of the land.
Mr. ROGERS. T object to the introduction
of this resolution.
Mr. BOUTWELL. 1 move to suspend .the
rules for the purpose of enabling me to submit
the preamble and resolution which have just
been road.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 68, noes 10; no quorum
voting.
Mr. SPALDING, i call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. ROGERS. I want to ask if there is
any pretense that Mr. Davis had any connec-
tion with the assassination 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object to any
debate.
Mr. ROGERS. The contrary is the fact. 1
assert 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Rogers] is not in order.
Mr. ROGERS. The proof is that he had
nothing 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!'1]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Rogers] must refrain from making
remarks out of order.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to ask the Chair if
remarks made upon this floor which are out of
order, and so decided to be, are to be printed
in the Globe ?
The SPEAKER. They will be, if reported.
The last Congress adopted a resolution forbid-
ding the Globe reporters from reporting what
was said out of order; but this Congress has
adopted no such resolution.
The question recurred upon ordering the
yeas and nays upon the motion to suspend the
rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 20, not voting
60 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, .Tames M.Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, lianks, Baxter, Bearaan, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Bromwell, Buckland,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook,
Cullom, Darling, Davis, Dawes, Defreos, Delano,
Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont.Eokley, Eliot. Farnsworth,
Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, (jriswold, Hale,
AimerC. Harding. Haves, Henderson, Higby, Holmes,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Jenckes, Ju-
lian, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham, Kuykendali, Laflin,
Latham, George Y. Lawrence, "William Lawrence,
Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, McClurg, McKee, Mereur,
. 39th Cow. 1st Bess.—No. 194.
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
O'Neill, Oi tli, Paine, Perhain, Plant?, Pomeroy, Price,
William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander 11. Rice,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabnrgcr, SUs?reaves, Sloan,
Spalding, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernain, Ward, Tlcnry i.>. Wasliburn, Wel-
ker, Williams. James F. Wilson, riteDhen P. Wilson,
and Woodbrid!?e—97.
NAYS — Messrs. Ancona, Hove;, CoiTroth, Eld-
ridge, Einck, Glossbrcnner. Grider. IlairK llofran,
Johnson, Kerr, Niblack, Samuel J. Randall, llit-
ter. Rogers, Strouse, Tabor, Thornton, Trimble,
and Wright—20.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Barker, Benjamin, Bergen, Blow, Brandegce,
Broomall, Chanler, Conkling, Culver, Dawson, Dom-
ing, Denison, Dixon, Driggs, Eggleston, Goodyear,
Aaron Harding, Hart, Hill, llotehldss, Demas Hub-
bard, Edwin X. Hubbell, Ilulbuul, •> allies Humphrey,
James M. Ilumphiey, Ingeisoll, Jones, Kasson. Lo
Blond, Loan, Marshall, Marston. McCullough, Mc-
Indoo, McRuer, Newell, Nicholson, Noell, Patterson,
Phelps, 1'ike, Rarll'ord, John II. Rice, Rollins, Ross,
lloussea-u, Schenek, Shanklin, Smith, Starr, Stevens,
Stilwell, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn. Warner, lilihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Wentworth, Whaley, Win-
dom, and Win field—66.
So tlic rules were suspended, two thirds vot-
ing in the affirmative.
The preamble and resolution were received
and read.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I call for the previous
question oil the preamble and resolution.
Mr. HARMS. Will the gentleman yield to
me Cor a moment?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot yield.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 78, noes 20.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was upon
agreeing to the preamble and resolution.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for a division, and
ask that the vote be taken separately upon the
preamble and resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. Oh, yes; we have plenty
of time.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
taken upon the resolution.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Upon that ques-
tion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 105, nays 19, not vot-
ing 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, James M; Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Beaman,'Bulwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, liromwell, Buckland,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conkling, Cook, Cullom. Darling, Davis, Dawes, De-
frees, Donnelly, Eeklcy, Eliot, Farnsworth, Eai (ltihar,
Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Abuer C.
Harding, Hurt, Hayes, Henderson, Ihgby, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, John II.
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Julian,Kelso, Ketcham,
Kuykendali, Laflin, Latham, George V, Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Marvin, McClurg, McKee, McRuer, Mereur,
Miller, Moorhead. Morrill, SJorris, Moulton, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Pcrham, Phelps, Pike, Plants,
Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Rico, Sawyer, Scheiick, Seoiield, Shella-
barger, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Thayer, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Ward, Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Welkor,
Whaley, Williams, James 1:'. Wilson, Stephen 1<\
Wilson, Windom, Wmlield, and Wondbridge—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Boyer, Coffrotli, Eldridgc,
Finck, Glossbrenner, Grider, Harris, llogan, Johnson,
McCuilougli, Niblack, Samuel J. Randall, Ritter,
Rogers. Sitgreaves, Taber, Trimble, and Wright—It'.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Barker, Benjamin,Bergen, Blow, Brandcgee,
Broomall, Chanler, Culver, Dawson, Delano, Dom-
ing, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Driggs, Dumont. Eggle=-
ton, Goodyear, Aaron Harding, Hill, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Deiuas Hubbaid, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hulburd,
James llumphreyv James M. Humphrey, Ingcrsoll,
Jenckcs, Jones, Kasson, Kelley, Kerr, Le Blond,
Marston, Mclndoe, Newell, Nicholson, Noell, Pat-
terson, Radford, John H. Rice. Rollins, Rots, Rous-
seau, Shanklin, Starr, Stevens, Stilwell. Strouse, Tay-
lor, FrnncisThomas, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van
Horn, Klihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
and Wentworth—j9.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LAFLIN said: I desire to state that my
colleague, Mr. Van* Horn, is paired on all polit-
ical questions with my colleague, Mr. Good-
year.
Mr. ELIOT. My colleague, Mr. Washbt*rx,
is paired with the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
Mr. Strot'se.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurring on agreeing to
the preamble of the resolution, itwasagreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the preamble was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
Several messages in writing were received
from the President of the United States, by
Mr. Cooper, his Secretary, who also an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 37) making appropria-
tions for the support, of the Military Academy
for the year ending 30th June, 18C7;
An act (Ii. It. No. 459) granting a pension
to Anna E. Ward; and
Ail act (II. R. No. 654) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the contingent expenses of the House
of Representatives of the United States for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1866.
OFFICERS OF STEAMER SUMTER.
Mr. WINDOM. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is a
joint resolution (II. R. No. 153) providing
pay to officers of the United States steamer
Sumter for loss of clothing. The resolution
was reported from tho Committee on Naval
Affairs, by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Le Bi.oxn,] and was pending at the adjourn-
ment on last Friday. It now comes up as the
unfinished business.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask that the reso-
lution bo again read.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
and directs the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury, in the settlement of the accounts
of Peter Ilayes, and others, officers of the Uni-
ted States steamer Sumter, to ascertain the
value of all the clothing and effects by them
respectively lost at the time of her destruction,
anil to allow them for the same, to an amount
not exceeding $->,000 in the aggregate.
ilr. ELDRIDGE obtained tiie floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. In the absence of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] the gentle-
man from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldridge,] being a
member of the 'committee, is recognized as
entitled to the floor. The Chair presumes ho
has charge of the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was not left specially
in charge of this bill; but T ask that the report
accompanying the bill may be again read.
The report was read.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wn.sox.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, this
bill proposes to establish a new precedent iu
the adjustment of cases of losses by naval offi-
cers. 1 believe that no bill has ever yet been
passed which allowed'more than S100 to each
officer in such cases. But this bill proposes to
allow for all clothing and effects, whatever they
may be, an amount which shall not exceed in
the aggregate §5,000, which, if I rightly re-
member the number of names embraced in the
bill, will be nearly a thousand dollars to each
of the ofiiceis. Now, it seems to me that it is
not best for us to establish this precedent.
! In cases where a vessel has gone down in
1 action, as was the case with several vessels on
| the Mississippi and on the coast, the allow-
! anee, I believe, lias, as T have stated, never
I exceeded $100 to each officer. The amount
! allowed to seamen, if my recollection is cor-
| rect, is sixty dollars. The general rule observed
| in relation to officers of the Navy is, I believe,
an allowance of one month's extra pay. But
this bill proposes to establish a different rule;
I and it does seem to me that it may lead to a
greater expenditure of money than a just re-
gard for the Treasury of the Government will
warrant us in making. •
