1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1169
tooratic or monarchical Innovations." * * *
*' If the federal Government should interpose by vir-
tuc of this constitutional authority, it will be of course
bound to pursue the authority. But the authority
extends no further than toaguarantee ofarepubliean
government, which supposes a preexisting govern-
ment of the form to be guarantied. As long, therefore,
as the existing republican lorms are continued by the
States they are guarantied by the Federal Constitu-
tion. Whenever the States may choose to substitute
other republican forms, they have a right to do so,
and to cl aim the Federal guarantee for the latter. The
only restriction imposed on them is that thoy shall
not exchange republican for anti-republican consti-
tutions."
The duty of guarantee does not devolve upon
the General Government unless there is an
attempt in the States to establish aristocratic or
monarchical governments. I know that the
opinion has been expressed, in this House and
elsewhere, that no government is republican in
form unless all men are allowed the right of
suffrage. Then there is no such government
in America. In all the States a portion of
the citizens are denied this right, either on ac-
count of age or intelligence or caste or crime.
Madison and Hamilton and Jefferson, in their
simplicity, never comprehended the new theory
of republican government. They assumed that
the governments which existed in the States in
1787 were republican in form. Now, as then,
Representatives and Governors are elected by
the people. I would trust the wisdom of the
fathers rather than the superficial knowledge
of the children. *
" Knowledge is proud that he ha? learned so much;
Wisdom is humble that ho knows no more."
Sir, these States need not your guarantee.
What is the plan proposed for the government
of these States? It is said that disloyalty, per-
fidy, and treason still lurk there. Therefore they
shall not have representation, and provisional
governors, with military powers, must be ap-
pointed. For this there is not even the tyrant's
plea of necessity. The whole machinery of civil
government, executive, legislative, and judicial,
is in successful operation there. The govern-
ments are recognized by the President. The
clemency and wisdom of the executive depart-
ment attract them to the central Government.
The President, by the centripetal force of kind-
ness and confidence, is drawing them to the
Union; you, by the centrifugal force of hate
and suspicion, are repelling them from the
Union. Oonsummatethisplan, and what are the
consequences ? A conflict is created between the
Governors of the States and the provisional gov-
ernors, between the Legislatures of the States
and the Territorial Legislatures, between the
judges of the State and the judges of your ap-
pointment, and the action of the executive
department of this Government, to reinstate
them to their condition before the war, is ig-
nored. This will beget a state of feeling and
originate a state of conflict, which wiUlast for
years, bring on another bloody revolution, and
may finally end in the downfall of liberty here;
for having enslaved these people you make
them fit instruments to aid in the enslavement
of the freemen of the North.
What are the conditions precedent to the
admission of these States? The investiture of
the negroes with civic rights and the extension
to them of the right of suffrage, either by amend-
ment of the Constitution or by legislation of
Congress. The recent amendment of the Con-
stitution has emancipated four million slaves.
The late slave is now a freeman. He should
be protected in this freedom lay just and reason-
able legislation. Justice and humanity require
that we should give the shelter and defense of
beneficent law to this class of our population,
yesterday slaves, to-day freemen, and in con-
sequence of their late degraded condition en-
titled to our sympathy and protection. But the
extension to them of suffrage would be danger-
ous in every view. It would be cheapemngthis
inestimable right. Such action on our part
would be usurpation. If is one of the reserved
rights of the States to determine the political
status of their citizens, and to regulate the num-
ber and qualifications of voters. Alexander
Hamilton, who, more than any of the fathers,
favored the concentration of power in the Fcd-
3'Jtu Cong. 1st -No. 74.
eral Government, in commenting on its right
to regulate elections in the States, said:
" The truth is, that there is no method of securing
to the rich the preference apprehended but by pre-
scribing qualifications of property, either for those
who may elect or bo elected. But this forms no part
of the power to be conferred upon the national Gov-
ernment. Its authority would be expressly restricted
to the times, the places, and the manner of the elec-
tions. The qualifications of the persons who may
choose or be ehoscn are defined and fixed in the Con-
stitution, and arc unalterable by the Legislature."
Such has been the construction of the Con-
stitution by those who made it, and uniform
usage for more than eighty years has established
it as correct. I prefer to stand by the ancient
landmarks. " Cursed is he that removeth his
neighbor's landmarks.'' Though '1 the time is
out of joint," yet time, the great avenger, is
marching on with silent but rapid step, and the
day will come when thrice accursed will be the
party and the men who are removing all the land-
marks of the Constitution ; and, wise in their
own conceit and with unskillful hands, are
marring the symmetry and fair proportions of
the beautiful edifice erected by the great and
good men of the Revolution.
The enfranchisement of the negro is neither
for his good nor the good of the country. The
avowed object is disclosed by the loader of the
paity, Mr. Stevexs. He said :
"If they [the southern States] should grant the
right of suffrage to persons of color, I think thero
would always be Union white men enough in the
South, aided by the blacks, to divide the representa-
tion, and thus sccitrc the JicpuOhcati asccndcncy."
This is a bold but impious avowal. Will
you legislate for party purposes, and tinker
with the Constitution for party ends ? Accord-
ing to the plan proposed, the negroes must be
clothed with political rights and the Consti-
tution amended—no, sir, not amended, but
blurred and scarred all over; ay, more, tho
Union, tho Union of our love and pride, the
Union that has eost us tears and blood, and
millions of treasure, must bo severed, if need
be, forever, to fasten upon the country a party
that will, if it has not already, worked its ruin.
Our fathers designed the Union to be per-
petual; not a mere Union of territory, but a
Union of States and of the people of the States.
You may by arbitrary power govern these
Slates, insult the people, and drive them to
desperation. You may suppress the govern-
ments which tho wisdom of the Executive has
called into being, and send provisional gov-
ernors, and install and protect them, if need be,
by military power, arrest and imprison tho
citizen without trial, institute star chambers,
and levy fines and confiscate propeity; but the
Union will exist only in name, a thing to be
feared and abhorred, but never loved. Such
measures will never revive the mutual respect,
tho obedience to lav/, the kindly feeling, so
necessary to a real Union. Tho outward form,
tho whitened sepuleher, maybe preserved; but
the inward beauty, tlxe strength, the soul, will
be gone. It will then be as
"An emptv eisket, whence the iewel, life,
Bysome damned hand, was robbed andta'cn away."
The war which appalled the sense with hor-
ror, blanched the check, dimmed the eye with
tears, brought mourning into every household,
and sorrow to every heart, has ceased, and we
again breathe freely. The chieftain at the head
of our armies is disbanding tho military forces,
and sending to their homes the scarred veterans
of a hundred battle-fields. The people rejoice
that peace lias smiled upon us. The cheering
cry has been echoed and icechoed over hill and
vallev, ''The Union is saved, the Constitution
is supreme.'! Shall this joy be changed to sad-
ness ?
Look upon another picture. The South madly
and wickedly rushed into rebellion. She mar-
shaled her armies and fought long and gallantly
in a bad cause. We have crushed her, hum] iled
her pride, burned her towns and cities, impov-
erished her people, and compelled her sons to
sue for pardon, almost to
" Prostrate fill, and there confess
Humbly their faults, and pardon beg with tears."
This beautiful and sunny land with genial
clime, where nature ever smiled, and which
only a few short years ago abounded in wealiE
and comfort, is now in many parts a mass of
charred and sickly ruin. Many of those she
loved and trusted most and who were.false to
her truest interests are wanderers in other
lands or linger in prison walls
Why degrade this people more and longer?
They proffer the only test you have the right
to require—obedience to the Constitution and
laws of the land. Why indulge in abuse and
suspicion? This will only inflame. Lord Bacon
said "Suspicions among thoughts are like bats
among birds; they ever fly by twilight," No
generous thought, no noble emotion, can ever
come from the dark caverns of a mind filled
with hate and suspicion. Love and confidence
can never be forced ; they must be won by soft
words and gentle acts. If these States are ever
to be bound together in an equal and enduring
Union by us, wo must rise to the high dignity
of true manhood and Christian charity and
bury forever the feelings of distrust which now
haunt the mind.
The charge is constantly made that the south-
ern people are perfidious ; that they will keep
no jjledges; that no oath will bind them. Can
they ever accept your conditions-precedent
tendered in such a spirit? Never. They will
never agree to make the slave of yesterday
the social and political equal of to-day. They
would deserve and receive oven your scorn if
they would accept of so degrading a condition.
Unless they can come in as coequal States
they will never come. You may call, "but
will they come when you do call for them?"
What then? Force will govern, and history
will rewrite itself, and the tyranny over Hun-
gary and Poland and Ireland will be reenacted
in once free America.
This tyranny cannot continue. Your brief
day will soon be spent. The people, in whom.
I have an abiding faith, will take care of this
Government and this Union, and will rise in
majestic strength and hurl from power those
who have been faithless to their trust.
The noble words of the President, "The peo-
ple must be trusted with their government,"
arc a truism for our guidance. Discard distrust
and jealousy and hatred ; win confidence by ex-
tending coniidence. The sword and bayonet in
the hands of tho true men of the land have sub-
dued tho armies of the southern people; now
let kindness, which is ever nobler than revenge,
melt their hearts and calm their passions. Draw
an impenetrable veil between the present and
the frightful past which shall never be lifted by
mortal hands.
In the beautiful language of the late Pres-
ident, beautiful in its simplicity and in its ten-
derness :
"Willi malice toward none, with charity for all,
with firmness in the rijrht, as (tod gives us to see tho
r!l'!; i, Jet us finish tho work we are in, to bind up tha
nation's wounds."
Renew the sources of prosperity of the South;
reinvigorate the sleeping energies of her peo-
ple by a restoration to these States of their func-
uons'in the Union, and humanity and liberty
will consecrate tho deed, and "hereafter ages"
will cherish the memory of the men who gave
peace and harrnonv and law to a divided country.
Mr. KUi'KENbALL. Mr. Speaker, I need
not assure you that I approach the investi-
gation of the manv giave and important sub-
jects treated in the message of the President
of the United States, at the convening of tho
present Congress, with constraint and embar-
rassment. No deliberative body has ever had
presented for their consideration subjects of
more grave importance or requiring more cool
or calm deliberation.
And in the discussion of these various sub-
jects submitted, I feel a want of confylcnee m
myself and fear my inability to rise to tho In ight
of their magnitude or in any way to bo equal
to the emergency. Yet I flatter myself that I
feel and fully appreciate their dignity and ir.v
portance, and that I shall be, enabled on this
occasion to merge the partisan in the pabivt.
The great questions to which oar attention is
called in the message demand our most cai't-
