2130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
that institution, and were most of them engaged
in the civil pursuits of life—some in agricul-
ture, some in mercantile business, some in the
professions of law, medicine, &c. The man
who stands to-day at the head of the Army was,
I believe, when the -war broke out, a tanner at
Galena, Illinois. All right; there is nothing
wrong about that.
I wish to call the attention of my friend from
Vermont to this additional fact: that when
President Lincoln issued his call for seventy-
five thousand men to defend the capital of the
nation and put down insurrection, those sev-
enty-five thousand men came almost entirely
from the civil pursuits of life. They were,
almost without exception, men who had never
seen West Point; and hundreds and thousands
of them perhaps did not know that there was
such a place.
I wish to state this farther fact: that while
there were a huge number of the graduates of
West Point who went into our Army and dis-
tinguished themselves, there were, I am sorry
to say, numbers of men trained in that insti-
tution who took up arms on the side of the
rebellion—men who had been educated in their
secession doctrines by reading ftawle on the
Constitution.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I beg to state that
when that call for seventy-five thousand men
was issued, the quota of Vermont was led by
a graduate of West Point—as gallant a man as
ever bore a sword—General Phelps.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
cannot have any controversy with me about
the gallantry of West Pointers; I concede all
that. I continue, therefore, the line of remark
which I was presenting.
Now, sir, before the expiration of the three
months for which those seventy-live thousand
men wore called out, President Lincoln issued
a call for three hundred thousand men, to be
enlisted for three years or the war. The vol-
unteers who responded to that call wore com-
posed of every description of men. The offi-
cers who commanded those men took the raw
material into the field. They drilled those
men; they worked with them; they fought
with them. When the rebellion was at its
strongest, stage, when the rebel forces in the
held numbered one hundred and fifty or two
hundred thousand men, well drilled and well
equipped, those forces were arrayed on many
a well-fought held against our noble army of
volunteers, men who had, previous to the war,
no military education, but who by thorough
drilling and hard work became efficient sol-
diers, so that they were, it might almost be
said, qualified to fight our battles without a
commander. Then it was that our volunteers
achieved their great victories, and won their
great renown. It was then that a large pro-
portion of the volunteer officers were set aside
and West Pointers put in their places.
When the war had continued for three years
and more, our army of volunteers had been so
thoroughly schooled by the actual work of war
that they were able to take any fort, to do any
fighting, t' whip any of the rebel armies "on
their own hook," without a commander, for
every man was a well-trained soldier. All that
■was necessary for such an army was the mere
form of having a commander.
There was one grand and glorious thing about
General Grant, which distinguished him from
manj of his predecessors. He had a tenacity
of purpose which ever prompted him to keep
on following the enemy, and to keep on fight-
ing, and to keep on whipping. When a shell
exploded upon his front, he did not retire,
saying that something had occurred to intimi-
date him. This untiring persistency of pur-
pose has been one grand cause of General
Grant's success.
But,, sir, the volunteers of this country have
aaved it. While you can go over the catalogue
of West Pointers who have distinguished them-
selves, the catalogue of volunteers is much
longer and larger and will swell out in history
giving to these men a higher, grander, nobler
position. Why, this one came from the plow,
this one from the desk, this one from the count-
ing office, this one from the lawyer's office, this
one from the medical office. In a little while
they proved their efficiency, not only leading
regiments and brigades but divisions and corps
successfully through the conflict which has but
recently ended. "Why, sir, where is there a
West tointer who stands higher as a corps
commander than Major General John A. Lo-
gan? I do not intend to mention a whole lot
of men who sit round me in Congress. When
did he lose a fight? Where is the State that
has not presented volunteers, from privates
to major generals, who have shown their
ability in the field?
I have believed in a regular army. I have
thought it was well to have a strong army.
But, sir, I believed it more before the war than
since the war. Before the war we did not an-
ticipate war with all its sorest trials. When it
did begin, and when a million men arrayed
themselves against the Government, we found
two millions and more of volunteers willing to
risk their lives to defend the country.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I move that the gentle-
man have leave to finish his speech.
There was no objection, and it was so or-
dered.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, the record of
the volunteers is so bright, so glorious, and so
grand, it cannot be destroyed.
I am unwilling to say, because a number of
men have come from West Point and distin-
guished themselves, they should be set up as
the only ones who can save the country in time
of war. The record of West Point shows that
as many men from West Point went into the
rebellion as were in our Army. Now, West
Point does not. make a man brave. West Point
does not make a man good. West Point may
educate as well as men can be educated. But
it does not put light into him. What does put
fight into 1lie American citizen? It is the coun-
try, her soil and institutions, which make him a
fighter and qualify him for great deeds of daring.
I do not care whether you have five or ten
thousand in the regular Army, this country is
safe, to use the language of Mr. Seward. 1 do
not care whether Congress passes a bill to in-
crease the Army to seventy-five thousand or
rejects it, the country is safe. I do not care
whether Congress agrees with the President or
the President disagrees with Congress, the coun-
try is safe. The great courage, the great intel-
ligence, the great conservatism, and everything
grand and good are behind Congress, with the
people, and the people will save the country.
1 have little confidence in anything which be-
longs to political position, at this time espe-
cially. 1 believe in the faithfulness and integ-
rity of the people.
In conclusion, I would like to say, if this
House will only wait until we get the militia
bill they will get rid of this great establishment
and none the less save the country, when they
will have an establishment that will only cost
$500,000, while this costs $30,000,000. All
you have to do is to rely upon the people, the
great defenders of liberty in war as well as in
peace.
Mr, NIBLACK. I have reasons which will
convince me that it is not the intention of the
House to pass this hill at this time. If that he
so, we pr,ly waste time in considering it section
by section. With a view to testing the sense
of the House upon this bill I move that its
further consideration be postponed to the first
Monday of December next.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask leave to intro-
duce a resolution calling on the President for
information.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am willing to yield for
that purpose.
report of general smith, etc.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
Hesolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to tliis House the report
of General Smith and Hon. James T. Brady of their
investigations at New Orleans.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled House bill No.
546, for the relief of Thomas F. Wilson, late
United States consul at Bahia, Brazil; when
the Speaker signed the same.
river and,harbor bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I give notice that on Monday
morning next, after the morning hour, I shall
move to discharge the Committee of the Whole
from the further consideration of the river and
harbor bill, that it may have the action of the
House.
bukial of soldiers.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs:
To the House of Representatives:
In reply to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 2d instant, requesting
information respecting the- collection of the
remains of officers and soldiers killed and buried
on the various battle-fields about Atlanta, I
transmit herewith a report on the subject from,
the Secretary of War.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., April 20,1866.
reorganization of the army again.
Mr. NIBLACK. I demand the yeas and
nays on my motion to postpone.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is the motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is, to a limited extent.
french in mexico.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
message from the President, transmitting, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 10th instant requesting infor-
mation relative to the proposed evacuation of
Mexico by French military forces, a report
from the Secretary of State with accompany-
ing documents; which was ordered to be printed
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed House bill No. 472, for the
relief of George B. Frank, late captain of the
third regiment Wisconsin volunteers.
Also, House bill No. 197, to provide for the
better organization of the pay department of
the Navy, with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
Also, Senate bill No. 215, concerning cer-
tain lands granted to the State of Nevada.
Also, Senate bill No. 276, for the relief of
Jerusha Witter.
Also, Senate bill No. 231, for the relief of
William Pierce, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
revenue assessors.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to allow United States revenue
assessors to appoint deputies; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the reading of the bill in full.
The bill was read. It authorizes United
States assessors to appoint deputies in the same
manner as collectors of revenue.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
referred; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
duties on imports.
Mr. KETCHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to increase temporarily the
duties on imports.
