1170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
fill and earnestconsidoration, and my most earn-
est desire is that I shall say nothing in this dis-
cussion which shall be unbecoming a member
of this honorable body in speaking to his fellow-
Representatives or the people of the United
Staies.
What are the grave questions to which our
attention is invited? First, I invite your at-
tention to that part of the message pertaining
to the relations existing between the United
States Government and the State governments
respectively, and of their mutual connection, in
which he says:
"The best security for the perpetual existence of
the States is the supreme authority of the Constitu-
tion of the United States; the perpetuity of the Con-
stitution brings with it the peipetuity of the State^;
their mutual relations make us what we are, and in
our political system the.r connection is indissoluble.
"A whole cannot exist without thepaiK nor the
parts without the whole. So long as the Constitution
of the United Stales endures the Stales will endure.
The destruction of the one is the destruction of the
other. The piescrvation of the one is the preserva-
tion of the other."
From this plain and lucid statement it is evi-
dent that ho holds that the States lately in rebel-
lion are still in the C'nion, and have not been
by the act of treason of a part of their citizens
taken out of the Union, and thereby become
"dead or defunct5' Slates.
Now, sir, let me examine and see if (his po-
sition taken by the President is correct. J hold
that it is. And in order to arrive at a proper
solution of this question we must, examine it
and ie<( n by !h<- toiich-slone of the Constitu-
tion, and having in it no model, ihe simili-
tudes and analogies applicable to other systems
of i;o\ernmenl. :l must moie than any other
l)e its own intevpi otcr according;- (o lis text and
the facts in the case. Wo will hunt for prece-
dents in vain,.remembering that there never
was a Government either in ancient or modern
times thai our republican form of government
Can ho likened unto. 11 once all precedents laid
down as lo what eon si it u t es a. St a to in ot her Gov-
ernment s is no e \ ideiice oil her lor or against t he
position taken as to what constltufes a Stale
under our form of Go\crnmen!.
Are the rebel States still States in the Union ?
In order to come to a correct conclusion on
this point we mint test it by the compact that
bronchi into existence the Union of the States,
and ascertain if possible the intentions ol Ihe
IVamers ot the CoicdiUiLton, and in that way
we. will be enabled lo come to a correct con-
clusion.
In t tie year 177S a formal compact of Union
was out em 1 into ; 1 ha I compact was ,si vied '' A r*
titdes ni* ('onfedei ,il ton and perpetual I'liion"
between {fie Stale.*, naming them, A part, of
the (barI ccni li a; t n le of l tie Articles of Confed-
eration is as fol h>\\ :
"And t ho :n*lH !<•; of thi>, Conf<'d<Ta tion shall ho in -
viohiblv oh* erved by ev eiy State, and ihe Union shall
bo pet potual."
Under lhe:e Articles of Confederation the
Stales eompoMnt!: the Kederal Ue.um solemnly
plijrlib'd their fa ills to,each other that the Union
should be peipetuaU and so existed and kept
their faith, bound together by indissoluble lies,
from lh"\ear 177S to iheyt'ar 17S',), when our
pre.-ent Constihtiion v,a> adopted.
Sir. 1 will oof take up the \aluable time of |
thi ^ Iloiis^.as I ini<;ht do, h\ citing authorit tes
or itli re.diicni'4 aruatnents to prove that the
object of the change from the Articles of Con-
federation to the present Constitution was not
to relieve the States from their perpetual obli-
gations or main way weaken the Uederal Union,
bin ro«i\e ii greater strength.
For i lake it. and it is admitted by all, that
the leading object, of Congress in recommend-
ing, the Contention in framing, and the peo-
ple in adopting the present Constitution, was
to Mrengtlvn the I nion. And, sir, I am sus-
tained in this view by the Congress of 1787
which recommended the Convention of 178th
Ihe State Legislatures winch appointed the
delegates to the Convention, and the people of
the States who ratified it. declared their lead-
ing object to be to strengthen and perpetuate the
Union in existence.
ISow, sir. I hold, as it has been held ofien be-
fore "by eminent statesmen, that since the organi- ]
zalion of the new Government in 1789 the peo-
ple of the United States have been living under
two Governments deriving their power from the
same source—that source being the sovereign
people of the several States. Each Government,
however, has a distinct class of powers. The
United States possessing power over all matters
relating to the public, in the due exercise of
which all the States have a common interest,
while the Statesrctain all powers relating to their
domestic institutions, and each Government
acting within its own sphere is as independent
of the other as if they were wholly foreign, and
in exercising those .sovereign rights given them
by the people. If one should infringe on the
incontestable rights of the other, the remedy is
found in the United States courts that the sov-
ereign people established for that purpose. And
again, the Constitution of the United States is a
compact between the sovereign people of each
State with the sovereign people of every other
St ate, acting through conventions, which cannot
be abolished or changed in any manner without
the consent of all parties to it, except in the
manner prescribed in its own provisions. And
further, sir, the laws of the United States like
the laws of the States reach and bind citizens
high and low, and the United States cannot
absolve any one from (heir obligations to obey
the State laws passed within their respective
spheres. So neither can the States absolve any
one from their obligations to abide by and obey
the laws pas.sed hj' the United States within
their sphere. Such, at least f think, is tlio
true theory of our institutions.
Now, sir, what is a State? The people com-
posing il. What is the United States? The
people composing them, in the sense of the
Constitution, where it says, MYe, the people
of the United Slates;" and in that people is
vested and merged the sovereignty ot the peo-
ple of the States, so far as it covers the powers
granted in the Constitution. hi reference to
all the reserved powers in the Constitution, the
people of the' States remain so\ercign, subject,
however, Lo all the rest) ieiions placed upon
themselves by the grant of sovereign powers to
the General Govt rnnient.
In the view 1 ha\ e taken of this question
respecting the relations of the States to the
Genera! Co\orument, I am fully sustained by
ihe following letter from, that erudite statesman,
Mr. James .Madison :
" In order to understand the true character of the.
Const ii ut ion of the I'nil ed St utes, thy error, not un-
I'onitnon, must ho. avoided ol view mi* it through the
metl iu tn ei! her ol it consohdat ed Cowrnment or ot a
••onlrd'-r ocd (u>\ eminent, w hiie it is neither the one
nor tin* other, hut u. mixture of both. And, having
in in) model t lie similitudes and analogic:* applicable
to othci jv-^U'ius of linvontniont, it mns(, mom than
an v (it her. be its own tnlerpretei according to iN text
and t he I'.n Noll he c,isc.
" K10111 litest; it uiil In' seen that the characteristic
peculiarities of 1 he (\>n-4ituiion tire* I. The mode ot
its lormat ton. Thedi\i-ion of the supreme powers
ot tfoveinnient between the States iu then united
capacity und the States in then* individual capaci-
ties."
"I. It was formed, not by the governments of the
component States, as the l'Ydentl (Jovcrnment for
which it was substituted was formed. Nor was it
1'oimed by a majority ol the people of ihe United
States, as a sinulo communit.v in the manner of at tin-
s' did at ed (J over anient. J i was formed by the Sta t cs;
that is. bv the people in each of the States acting in
their highest sovcicimi capacity, and toirncd con-e-
(juently by the same authority which formed the
Siate cotwtitution^.
" Ih'tn^r thin derived from the same source as the
eons! it nlions of the States, it has, within each State,
the s-.utie nuthoul> as the constitution of the State;
and is as much a constitution, m the strict sense of the
teim, within its prescribed sphere, as the constitutions
oftheStute.s ate, within their respective spheres; but
with this ob\ ious and essential difference, that being
aeonipa'-t among the States in their highest sovereign
capacity, and eon si anting the people thei eofonc peo-
ple tor ceitain purposes, it cannot be altered or an-
nulled at ilie will of the States individually, as the
constitution ot a State may be at its individual will.
"2. And that it divides ihe supreme powers ol uov-
ernment. between the Government ot the lamed
States and the government of the individual States,
is stamped on the face of the instrument: the powers
of war and of taxation, ot commerce and of ti enties,
and other enumerated powers vested in the Govern-
ment ui the United States be mg ot as high and sov-
eieii n a ch,iraeUr as any of the powers reserved to
the State governments.
"Nor is the Government of the United States, cre-
ated by the Constitution, le=!s a Government, in the
strict sense of the term, within the sphere of its pow-
ers, than the governments created by the constitutions
of the States are within their several spheres. It is,
like them, organized into legislative, cxeeutivc, and
judiciary departments. It operates, like them, di-
rectly on persons and things. And, like them, it has
at command a physical force for executing the powers
committed to it."
Again Mr. Madison said, in his correspond-
ence in reference to the ratification of the Con-
stitution by the different States, '' it was uncon-
ditional and bound them forever."
Now, sir, I propose to examine the records
of the legislative department of this Govern-
ment and see if they have not sustained by their
action the idea that the existence of the Union
of those States is perpetual, at the same time
repudiating the idea that States could cease to
have existence or, by the act of the war, could
become 'Mead or defunct." I will first call the
attention of this House to a resolution passed
the 24th day of July, 18G1. by an almost unani-
mous vote, which is as follows :
" That this war is not prosecuted upon our part in
any spiiit of oppression, nor for any purpose of con-
quest or subjugation, nor purpose ol ovuit hi owing or
interfering with the rightsor established institutions
of those States, but to defend and maintain the su-
premacy of the Constitution and all laws made in pur-
suance thereof, and to preserve the Union with all
the dignity, equality, and rights of the several States
unimpaired; that as soon as these objects arc acemn-
plished the war ought to cease."
it may be said, however, that this resolution
was passed soon after the commencement of
the war, and at a time when the relations of the
States to the General Government had not been
so thoroughly discusscd and were not so well
understood as at present. But, sir, this is not
true; it was passed at a time when men were
cool and inclined to take statesmanlike views
of e;roal and important questions, while reason
held its sway and madness did not rule the
hour. Would to God we could say as much in
reference to the manner in which we now exam-
ine questions' in this House.
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides I hat—
4 "Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which maybe in-
cluded wit hin this Union according to their icspeetivo
numbers.''
And under this provision of the Constitution,
in August, ISO I, Congress passed an act ap-
portioning the direct, taxes among the several
States, including the Slates in rebellion, thereby
recognizing the same by name as States still
of the Union, which said act is in the follow-
ing words and ii^ures:
" dm/ br it further enaded. That a direct tax of
. $20,0:hUM> be, and is hereby, annually laid upon tho
Cmted States, and the same shall be, and is hereby,
nppoi ttoned to the Si atos respectively and in manner
lollowing. To the State of—
Maine $ 12S.S2G 00
New Ilampshiie  ^is.!62 G6f
Vermont  . . ^11068 00
Massachusetts  K2l.."Sl 33^
lUiodc Ma ml  ll(>,Wb3 661
Connecticut  30S,2L { 00
iVew Yoik 2,G0:-S,01S (565
New Jersey  -io'U34 00
Penns's l\ ania 1,01(5,710 331
Delaware  74.Gb3 33J-
Man land  43b.823 33J-
Viigmia     9.V7,f)50 G6|
North Carolina  57b,1'U 66£
South Carolina   ;>i>.v">70 (>6?
i] Georgia  5Sf.;;df 33*
1 Alabama  5J(,;>13J3r
S Mississippi.  413,0s I 06$
I Louisiana  ;>^3.sSG 0<> 
J Ohio  I,')o7.0s0 33!-
j l\elHu<k\  33}
; Tennessee  f>b',),49S 00
! Indiana  OOhVTo 33y
Illinois l.l-Hv^l 33i
Missouri  761,127 33^
Kansas  71,743 33r
Arkansas  201,880 00
Michigan  £>01.7*53 33£
Florida  77,522 66}
Texas  36o,HK5 061
low a   -J52.0SS 00
Wisconsin  51(J,()S$ 66?
California,  234.5!]8 66|
Minnesota  108,.">24 00
Oregon  33,140 66J
Congress also, as late as ISG'2. again recog-
nized these States as States of this Union and
entitled to representation, by passing an act
on the 4th of March of that year, which by its
terms was not to take effect until the 4tSi of
March, 1863 ; which act apportioned the rep-
