4050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
other matter and thing involved in this stu-
pendous innovation upon the policy of the
nation.
Now. I submit that this is an extraordinary
measure indeed; and I take occasion here to
refer to the argument, so persistently urged in
support of this bill, that it is acceptable to
Nevada and California and to the mining re-
gions of our country. Why, undoubtedly it is
acceptable to them. I should deem it mar-
velous if they did not accept a free gift of the
gold and silver to be found interspersed over a
million square miles of the richest mineral
lands on the globe, at the hands of the Govern-
ment of the United States, which is thus to re-
nounce and abdicate in their behalf its owner-
ship of the whole of it. If I had my home in the
center of these mining regions, and owned an
immense fortune in minerals, like some of the
supporters of this bill, I should undoubtedly
favor it. I would urge the passage of the bill
with all the zeal which -self-interest and local
feeling could prompt. I do not think I would
resort to the crooked and indefensible legisla-
tive tactics to which I have already adverted
in order to carry my point, but certainly I
would be swayed very strongly by circum-
stances so controlling.
It is altogether consistent with the interests
of these mining districts that their Representa-
tives should zealously labor for this bill, and
that honorable gentlemen, not members of this
House, should come upon this floor and per-
ambulate these aisles as they did on Saturday
and are again doing to-day, and tell us to vote
for this bill, and command us, in the tone of
slave-drivers, to Get up, get up, help us, this
is a local measure, help us to carry it!" Admira-
bly natural and characteristic! But occupying
the stand-point that I do outside these mineral
districts, and of the contagion of local opinion
and feeling, and having no other desire than
the establishment of a broad and enduring na-
tional policy 
Mr. WOODBEIDGE. I rise to call the
gentleman to order. I submit that reflections
upon members of the Senate are not in order.
.Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I made no
rejection upon any member of the Senate;
and the gentleman's point of order is not well
taken.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to make
reflections upon Senators. The Chair stated
on a previous occasion that Senators have the
right to come upon this floor to confer with
members in regard to legislation, as Repre-
sentatives have the right to go upon the floor
of the Senate Chamber to confer with Senators
in regard to legislation; and Senators coming
on this floor must not be criticised by mem-
bers. as the Presiding Officer of the Senate
would refuse to allow Senators to criticise
Representatives.
Mr. JULIAN. I understand the point of
order perfectly. I have not mentioned any
Senator from any portion of the country, and
I shall not do so. I commented upon the con-
duct of distinguished gentlemen, not members
of this House, who have undertaken to dragoon
members on this floor into the support of a
measure in which they are interested. But I
have alluded to no Senators, for the simple
reason that it would be unparliamentary to
do so.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the basis of this policy,
thus revolutionary of all the past action of the
Government, the basis of this extraordinary
movement here is the local custom or rules of
the districts containing this mineral; the crudely
extemporized usages of the miners; and I de-
sire to show what a sandy foundation it is upon
which these gentlemen propose to build up their
grand superstructure of a land policy for the
U'nited States. I propose to read some pas-
sages -and I ask for them the attention of the
House—from a Senate report of the Legisla-
ture of Nevada, the home of the mining gen-
tlemen so deeply interested in this bill, and the
locality, probably, of the richest mineral in
America. It is an official legislative document,
which one of the Senators from Nevada has
told me is authentic, and its statements to be
accepted. I want the House to see upon what
a sorry foundation this new edifice is to be
built:
"1. As to uniformity, there is now nothing approach-
ingit. There never was confusion worse confounded.
More than two hundred petty districts within the
limits of a single State, each one with its self-ap-
proved code; these codes differing not alone each
from the other, but presenting numberless instances
of contradiction in themselves. The law of one point
is not the law of another five miles distant, and a
little further on will be a code which is the law of
neither of the former, and so on, ad infinitum, with
the further disturbing fact superadded, that the writ-
ten laws themselves may be overrun by some peculiar
'custom' which can be found nowhere recorded, and
the proof of which will vary with the volume of in-
terested affidavits which may be brought on either
side to establish it. .
"Again, in one district the work required to be
done to hold a claim is nominal, in another exorbi-
tant, in another abolished, in another adjourned
from year to year. A stranger seeking to ascertain
the law is surprised to learn that there is no satisfac-
tory public record to which he can refer; no public
officer to whom he may apply, who is under any bond
or obligation to furnish him information, or guaran-
ty its authenticity. Often in the newer districts he
finds there is not even the semblance of a code, but
a simple resolution adopting the code of some other
district which may be a hundred miles distant. What
guarantee has he for investment of either capital or
labor under such a system? "
That, Mr. Speaker, is the foundation upon
which the fabric of this new policy is to be built.
Why, sir, the man who builds his house upon
the sand is a philosopher in comparison with
the men who would erect an enduring land
policy for this nation on the basis of such
confusion and bewilderment and jargon under
which the people of Nevada are to-day groan-
ing.
Mr. BID WELL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether or not the report from which he
has just read is not the strongest possible ar-
gument in favor of the bill now before the
House; whether that report does not favor
precisely this bill.
Mr. J CJLIAN. I will answer with very great
pleasure. I answer that, so far is it from be-
ing true that these facts warrant the policyof
this bill, the policy of making this confusion
and conflict a basis of action, they prove directly
the reverse. What you want is not to recog-
nize this system of uncertainty and instability,
but to sweep it away, and usher in through the
authority of the nation a system of perma-
nence and peace. The bill before us hands
over the miners everywhere to interminable
litigation, discord, and strife. Instead of
leading them out of the bondage into which
the non-action of the Government has led
them, it leaves them to wrestle with their
destiny as best they may. That is what the
nation will do in remanding this question to
the miners, as provided for in this bill.
Mr. Speaker, I will tell the gentleman from
California [Mr. Bidwell] what these facts and
statements which I have read prove. They
prove the absolute necessity for interposing
the arm of the national Government through
its system of surveys, and thus clearing away
this disorder and confusion through the well-
adapted machinery of the land department.
That is my answer to the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia.
This machinery is as old as the Government,
and perfectly fitted to do the work without any
new inventions. My friend from New Hampshire
[Mr. Maeston] suggests that this bill over-
turns the common law of the world, by allow-
ing one man to run half a mile under the land
of another. I may have occasion to refer to
that in another connection before I conclude.
I resume the reading of the Nevada report:
" 2. As to permanency of the regulations, even such
as they are, there is now no guarantee even of that.
Aminers' meeting adopts a code; itstands apparently
as the law. Some time after, on a few days' notice,
a corporal's guard assembles, and, on simple motion,
radically changes the whole system by which claims
may be held in a district."
And this " local custom of miners," enacted
by "a corporal's guard" of adventurers, who
are here to-day and gone to-morrow, is to be
the basis of a national policy, and the harbinger
of order and peace in the mining regions! In-
stead of extirpating this pernicious system, or
rather lack of all system, we now propose to
set it np as a rule, and coolly ask the nation to
conform its policy to it. I will read on:
" Before a man may traverse the State, the laws of
a district, which by examination and study he may
have mastered, may be swept away and no longer
stand as the laws which govern the interest he may
have acquired, and the change has been one which
by no reasonable diligence could he be expected to
have knowledge of. But if the laws be uniform and
registered upon the statute-book of theState, he will
have security in his tenure, and reasonable notice of
any change therein. .
"3. As to protection to the miner and encourage-
ment to the capitalist, the present system, or lack
of system, affords neither. The curse of uncertainty
of titles to land in our sister State did not. through
fifteen years of her history, more paralyze Aer prog-
ress, than the uncertainty of mining titles in the
outside districts now retards our development. Five
years ago a horde of greedy prospectors, from every
part of the Pacific coast, swept over our State, leav-
ing their notices of location on every 'dip, spur, and
angle,' 'thick as leaves in Vallombrosa,' and after
a year or two of feverish unrest, swarmed away again
to the newer fields of Idaho and Montana, leaving
nothing to mark their passage but their faded'no-
tices' moldering on the hill-sides, their pitiful bur-
lesque of developmentintheway of assessment work,
and the threatening terrors of the common-law doc-
trine as to ' vested rights.'"
Sir, in the light of these remarkable facts,
coming to us in an authentic form from the
State of Nevada herself, I argue the folly of now
establishing any new dispensation on any such,
foundation. I repeat it, what the nation wants
to-day, what the miners and the whole country
are hungering and thirsting for, is the interpo-
sition of the national Government through the
directing hand of the land department, dispell-
ing the chaos and disorder which now afflict
the mining regions, bringing light out of dark-
ness, and opening up the pathway to prosperity
and peace. That is what we want.
Why, Mr. Speaker, the Constitution of the
United States declares that Congress "shall
make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory or other property of the Uni-
ted States.'' What right has the Congress _ of
the United States to abdicate its jurisdiction
over this great domain? What right has the
central Government, owning these lands in fee,
to say to these embryo communities in the far
West that it gives up to their absolute discre-
tion and management these great magazines of
mineral wealth? Why, sir, it would be a most
wanton recreancy to the grand trust devolved
upon us if we should do so. Here is the Gen-
eral Land Office in Washington, with its local
land offices multiplying in every portion of the
public domain in which they are demanded.
The State of Nevada has registers and receiv-
ers, with their offices located in the very midst
of her minerals, and armed under existinglaws
with the power to deal with all questions which
may arise affecting the public lands.
The register and receiver under the laws of
Congress, charged with the execution of our
land policy within their respective districts, and
in the vicinity'of the matter in dispute, can call
parties before them, hear their statements, take
evidence, and determine the whole matter, with
the reserved right of either party who may feel
aggrieved to appeal to the General Land Office
at Washington or to the Federal courts under
existinglaws. Why doyou propose to takeaway
from the register and receiver of the land dis-
tricts of Nevada their jurisdiction over this ques-
tion? Why do you wish to confer the jurisdiction
and settlement of a national question upon a
State or territorial tribunal? Did anybody,
before this bill was introduced, ever hear of
such a proposition? Can Congress thus del-
egate such a power ?
Mr. Speaker, it is said that the reason why
these disputes should bo referred to the local
tribunals is that they are disputes about the
possession of the land only, and not about the
title ; that it only involves the question as to
whether A or B has been the trespasser upon
the possessory title of the other. Why, sir, if
you will read this bill you will find that the
question of possession is the question of title,
for it declares expressly that the party to whom
is awarded by the local court the possession of
the land shall thereupon receive the title from
the Federal Government. A novel idea, in-
