1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2131
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objcctcd,
but subsequently withdrew his objection.
Mr. ALLISOjJ renewed it.
INTERNAL 11BTENUB FRAUDS.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Whereas it is alleged in responsible public journals
and elsewhere that in thcenforcementoftherevenue
laws at thecustom-houses in Boston and New York,
and the adjustment of claims for the violation thereof,
frauds have been committed upon the United States,
and parties involved in said alleged violations; and
whereas itisinlike manner allowed that similar frauds
have been committed inthecnforcementoftheinter-
nal revenue laws, and intheadjustmentof claims for
the violation thereof in said cities: Therefore,
Resolve), That the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures be instructed to investigate all such alleged
frauds, and thot for that purpose they be authorized
to send for persons and papers, and, if necessary, to
Sit (Hiring the recessof Congress, atsueh place as they
shall deem most economical and efficient, and by such
number, not exceeding three, ot said committee, as
they may deem advisable.
Air. ROSS. I object.
And then, on motion of Mr. CONKLIXG,
(at four o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &e., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees :
By the SPEAKER: The petition of l)r. J. A. Hatch,
and others, of Kent Station, Indiana, asking that the
preparations of the National Pharmacopoeia, &c.,
may be placed on the free list.
By Mr. AMES: The petition of Oliver Ames, and
others, citizens of Kaston, Massachusetts, to secure
an education to all the children of the United States.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Major Frank
W. iVIarston, Lieutenant John 0. Kinney, Lieutenant
Ilenrv 0. J)a\*K Second Lieutenant Myron Adams
and Captain Eme->t \V. Demick, signal officers, de-
partment of the Gulf, engaged in the capture of the
rebel war steamers Tennessee, Selma, Gaines, «fcc.,
and the forth in Mobile bay, lor the passage of a law
allowing them a«haro of prize money, fcc.
By Mr. BUNI)Y: The petition ot J.Baker, and G
others, manufacturers ot beer, m Poitsmouth, Ohio,
fur the proper modification of the tantF on barley,
so that it may he imported into the United States
from Canada,
Al«o, the petition and certificate of Lieutenant
Wiiliamp, ofLawrenco county, Ohio, for pay tor ser-
vices as an officer in ]#61.
By Mr. CONKLING: The remonstrance of citi-
zens of Ut'ca, New Yoik,against judiuiaiy bill.
By Mr. DPvIGUS: A communication from Captain
W. T. llaynolds, superintendent of lake survey, in
reference to the amount to be appropriated for the
sam<-5.
Also, the petition of I. N. Wright, J. Thompson,
and 2,500 others, citizens of Lake Superior, praying
Congress foi an increase of duty on foreign copper.
Also, tho petition of John Prindeville,' Orville
Olcott, and 75 others, citizens and firms of Chicago,
Illinois, praying for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of Eagle harbot, Lake Superior, Michigan.
Also, the petition of D. C. llollcv, and 114 others,
citizens of Shiawassee eountv, Michigan, in iavor of
an mcreabe of duty on foxei^n wool.
By Mr. EGGLESTON • The memorial and papers
hi relation to a claim of JamesM. Leeds, for services
rendered the Government as a detective under the
orders of General Grant.
Also, tho memorial of CO mercantile firms of Nash-
ville, Tennessee, praying for a_modification of the
law in regard to the transportation of gunpowder.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Obed Brooks, and
others, citizens of Massachusetts, praying for certain
changes in the Constitution respecting the election
of President and Vice President and the qualifica-
tions of electors.
By Mr.EERRY: The memorial of BobcrtHopkins,
Henry Hitchcock, and 100 others, citizens of Lyons,
Michigan, praying that an ad valorem duty be levied
on foreian wool.
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of Edwin L. Gage,
and otheis, citizens of Madison county, New York,
for inerea«e of tariff on wool.
By Mr. IIULBURD: Thepetition ofD.M.Chapin,
and others, citizens of St. Lawrence county, New
York, asking the passage of a national insurance
law, &c.
By Mr. JULIAN: The petition of 83 soldiers and
siiilois, playing an equalization of bounties.
Bv Mi. KETCHAM: The petition of George Sny-
der, and others, of Rhinebeck, New York, asking for
increased protection on American wool.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: A petition
snuted by <>09 citizens of Lawrence county, Pennsyl-
vania, and also one from Beaver county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking for an increase of duties on foreign
By Mr. LONG-YEAR.: The remonstrance of S. B.
Bingham, and 28 others, citizens of Lansing, Michi-
gan. against an extension of the Amboy, Lansing
and Traverse Bay railroad land grant to the com-
pany of that name. .
By Mr. LYNCH: Resolutions of city council of
Portland, Maine, relating to the preservation of iron-
3 By Mr. MOORHEAD: Two petitions from citizens
of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, asking for an
increase of duties upon foreign "wool.
By Mr. MORRILL: The petition of Hon. J. R.
Cleaveland, and 61 others, citizens of Brookfield,
Orange count}', Vermont, praying for an increased
protection on wool.
Also, the petition of Hiram Barrett, and 85 others,
citizens of Stafford, Orange county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an increased protection on wool.
Also, the petition of Sewall Bradley, and 63 others,
citizens of Sheffield, Caledonia county, Vermont,
praying for an increased protection on wool.
Also, the petition of J onathan II. Hart, and 39 others,
eitizens of Weston, Windsor county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an increased protection on wool.
Also, the petition of A. B.jtSigby, and32others, citi-
zens of Lundouderiy, Windham county, Vermont,
praying for an increased protection on foreign wool.
By Mr. RICE of Maine: The petition of William
Sparrow, and others, of Maine, asking relief from
internal tax on roofing slate.
By Mr. SCIIENCK: The petition of quartermaster
and commissary sergeants of engineeis, for same pay
as company sergeants.
By Mr. WARD: The remonstrance of Hon. David
Ramsey, and others, leading members of tho bar of
Steuben county, New York, against the Federal
iudiciaiy bill. . „ .
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of Asa Eddy, and
72 others, wool-growers of Wayne county, Ohio, ask-
ing protection on wool.
IX SENATE.
Tuesday, April 24, 1806.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of tho
United States, transmitting, in answer to a res-
olution of the Senate of the 18th instant, a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, covering
a copy of tlicproceedings of aboard of officers
in relation t o brevet appointments in the regular
Army ; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, presented tlie
memorial of Dr. Henry Clok, late veterinary
surgeon in the United States Army, repre-
senting that he has had large experience in the
treatment of the disease known as rinderpest,
or cattle plague, and that lie is in possession of
a reliable means of cure, and also of a powerful
preventive to the spread of the disease, and
tendering liis services wherever they may be
required in arresting the progress thereof;
which was referred to tho Committee on Agri-
culture.
Mr. WILSON' presented the petition of
Sewall H. Fessenden, and others, who repre-
sent that they wore tho owners of the schooner
William Carleton, which, when sailing down
the Chesapeake oil lier way to Sandwich, Mas-
sachusetts, with a cargo of coal, was run into
by the United States steam ram Stonewall and
destroyed, and praying for compensation for the
loss sustained by the destruction of the vessel;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I present, tho petition and
memorial of citizens ot the United States and
of tho State of Pennsylvania, representing liter-
ary and learned societies of that State, in which
they set forth that it is desirable that every
reasonable facility be furnished to the several
historical societies and public libraries of tlie
United States to enable them to iuciease the
number of their books, pamphlets, and histor-
ical papers; that the present law which requires
the person who sends documents and papers to
such societies to prepay the postage, tends
greatly to diminish donations; and that many
of the papers and documents referred to,
although of an ephemeral character, are yet
important as historical memorials, and should
be preserved. These petitioners, therefore,
pray Congress to modify the existing laws, so
as to permit postage on papers, documents, and
books forwarded to the societies above named
to be paid on delivery; and they further pray
that the present rate of postage charged on such
papers and documents be reduced fifty per cent. •
below the present charges to such societies.
This petition and memorial, as it is called,
is signed by J. Francis Fisher, president of the
Philadelphia Athenaeum; T._ Morris Perot,
president of the Mercantile Library Company
of Philadelphia; W. E. Whitman, secretary of
the Library Company of Philadelphia; Howard
Malcolm, president of the Baptist Historical
Society; Joseph R. Ingersoll, president of the
Historical Society of Pennsylvania, and sev-
eral others. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD presented thepetition of Mrs.
Jane D. Brent, praying to be allowed a pen-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying for a reduction
of the tax on stoves; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying for a grant of land for the
construction of a railroad from Saginaw to some
point on Lake Michigan, in the direction of
Bay de Noquette and m the Grand Traverse
region ; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the peti-
tion of William A. Phillips, late commanding
officer of the Indian brigade, and others, pray-
ing for a bounty for the men of the first, sec-
ond, and tkirS Indian regiments, under the act
of July 22, 1861; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr.MORGAN presented the petition of the
Bishop Gutta Pereha Company, of the city of
New York, praying for an increase of the duty
on all manufactured insulated telegraphic or
electric wires or cables used for telegraphic or
other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of J.
A. Boycr, Andrew Robinson, and others, and
thepetition of Henry Jordan, John Sherrick,
and others, of Westmoreland county, Pennsyl-
vania, and the petition of J. B. Finlay, John
W. Honey, and others, of Armstrong county,
Pennsylvania, praying for an increase of the
duty on imported'wool; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Massey,
Collins & Co., Thomas J. Martin, and others,
brewers of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for a reduction of the duty on barley
imported from Canada and the other British
Provinces in North America; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
PArEKS WITHDRAWN AND REFEliRED.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That tho memorial of Margaret A. Laurie,
praying for compensation for property destroyed by
the United States iorces in the District of Columbia,
bo taken from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
reports oj? committees.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 261) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 18G7, and
for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 397) to author-
ize the coinage of five-cent pieces, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 19G) to extend the port of entry of the col-
lection district of the State of Oregon, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred tho petition of George
Mack, and others, enlisted men of company G,
eighth regiment United States "V eteran volun-
teers, praying for the payment of bouWy due
to them which was lost through the careless-
ness or fraud of a Government officer, submit-
ted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed. . ,
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to introduce
a joint resolution to go with that report m the
case of George Mack, and others, and that it
1 be printed, sS that when the subject comes up
