1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
persons to whom moneys, goods, or effects have
been delivered within that year for the benefit
of the Indians, the amount accounted for, and
the balances under each specific head of appro-
priation still remaining in their hands; which
was ordered to lie 011 the table.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, in answer to
a resolution of the Senate of the 1 ltli instant,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of State
'with accompanying documents on the subject of
a decree of the so-called Emperor of Mexico,
of the 3d of October last; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a report from the Secretary of State
concerning the Universal Imposition to be held
at Paris in the year 1867, in which the United
States have been invited by the Government of
France to take part; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered
to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message
from the President of the United States, in
reply to a resolution of the Senate of the 10th
instant, requesting the President, if not incon-
sistent with the public service, to communicate
to the Senate "the report of General Howard,
of his observations of the condition of the se-
ceded States, and the operations of the Freed-
men's Bureau therein," stating that the report
of the Commissioner of the Bureau of Refugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands was on the
19th instant transmitted to both Houses of Con-
gress, as required by the act of March 3,1865;
which was referred to the joint committee to
examine into the condition of the so-called con-
federate Slates, and ordered to be printed.
HOUSE BIjDIJS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (II. R. No. 11) to facilitate commer-
cial, postal, and military communication among
the several States—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A bill (II. R. No. 58) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to appoint assistant as-
sessors of internal revenue—to the Committee
on Finance.
A bill (FT. R. No. 61) to establish certain
post roads—to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
A joint resolution (H. R; No. 9) to amend
the Constitution of the United States—to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
JTIWSAfiE FROM TIIB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiterson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had con-
curred in the resolution of the Senate author-
izing the joint committee appointed under a
resolution of the last _session of Congress to
investigate Indian affairs, to make their report
at any time during the present session of Con-
gress.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had concurred in
the resolution of the Senate providing that the
Committee on Manufactures of the respective
Houses inquire if the tax from the internal
revenue acts upon the products of domestic
manufactiS-e is greater than the duty, pre-
mium on gold, expenses of exchange, and trans-
portation upon similar products imported, and
if thereby the foreign product is entered for
consumption upon more favorable terms than
the domestic product.
ENROLLED BIL1S SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bill and joint res-
olution ; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the President pro tempore :
A bill (H. R. No. 4) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary Lincoln, widow of the late President of
the United States.
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 6) authorizing
the President to divert certain funds heretofore
appropriated, and cause the same to be used
for immediate subsistence and clothing, &c.,
for destitute Indians and Indian tribes.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Minnesota',
in favor of a grant of land to aid in the con-
struction of slack-water navigation on the Can-
non river and lakes, from Red Wing, on the
Mississippi river, to the Minnesota river, near
Mankato; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the pas-
sage of a law grantingabountyto certainmem-
bers of the second Minnesota cavalry; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the establish-
ment of military posts 011 the northern overland
mail route from St. Cloud, in that State, to Fort
Walla-Walla, Oregon; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORTON presented memorials of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the estab-
lishment of mail routes from Hutchinson to
Torah; from Watertown, in Carver county, via
Winstead and Rergen, to Glencoe, in McLeod
county; from Blue Earth City, Minnesota, via
Fail-mount, Jackson, and Sioux Falls City, to
Yankton, the capital of Dakota Territory: from
Henderson, Minnesota, to Fort Rice, on the
Missouri river, and from Fort Wadsworth to
Devil's Lake, in Dakota Territory; from Hast-
ings, in Dakota county, to Cannon Falls and
Kenyon, in Goodhue county, by the way of New
Trier, in the county of Dakota, and State of
Minnesota, and for the establishment of a post
office at NewTrier; which were referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CONNESS. I present the petition of
B. Dean, president, and the board of trustees of
the Alameda Coal Mining Company, a corpo-
ration authorized under the laws of California,
praying that an act may be passed for extend-
ing'the time for entering the coal lands in that
State. Having introduced a bill on this sub-
ject which has been referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, I move that this petition have
the same reference.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of col-
ored soldiers enlisted between the 15th ot June
and the 4th of Ju'y, 1804, praying that Con-
gress will pass an act giving them the same
bounty as soldiers afterward enlisted: which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Carroll countv. Ohio, who have served
in the Army during the late war, praying for
the passace'of a law equalizing bounties, giving
to the volunteers of 1801 and 1802 the same
bounties as those of ] SOS and 1804; and for the
grant of one hundred and sixty acres of land
to each volunteer who served during the war;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
lie also presented the memorial of Jesse
Baldwin, suggesting a mode of resuming specie
payments, and praying for the repeal ot the
legal-tender law; win eh was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a memorial from
persons representing two hundred and eighty
thousand citizens of the United States, colored
citizens of the State of Tennessee, remonstrat-
ing against, the admission o.f Senators and Repre-
sentatives from that State as it is now organized.
They set forth in their memorial, which is very
brief, that
" On the Tth day of August last a conven tion of col-
ored men was held in this city, [Nashville.] there
beinr a sufficient number of delegates from each di-
vision of the State to obtain the sentiments ot our
people. Afterdelibcratingforfourdays, anclpassing
such resolutions as it was thought would bo condu-
cive to their improvement, it adjourned.
"Among other things it was resolved that the col-
ored people of the State of Tennessee rospecitfufly arid
solemnly protest against the congressional delegation
from this State being admitted to seats in your hon-
orable bodies until the Legislature of this State en-
acts such laws as shall secure to us our rights as free-
" We cannot believe that the GonerM Qoverreraent
will allow us to bo loft without such jcotoetion after
knowing, as you do, what services we have rendered
to the cause of the preservation of the Union and the
maintenance of the laws. We have respectfully pe-
titioned our Legislature upon the subject, and have
failed to get them to do anything for us, saying that
it was premature to legislate for the protection of our
rights. 1 '
""We think it premature to admit such delegation.
It is true wc have no vote, but we nevertheless desire
and will do anything we can to support the Govern-
ment.
"We deem it unnecessary to attempt to make an
argument in favor of our protest, believing, as wo do,
the justice of our cause to bo a far better argument
than we could make; yet-it may not be amiss to say
that, inasmuch as the United States Constitution
guaranties to every State in tho Union a republican
form of government, wo are at a loss to understand
that to be a republican government which does not
protect the rights of all citizens, irrespective of color.
"Being impressed with these convictions, we canj
not refrain from appealing to your honorable ana
dignified assembly, entertaining the hopo that we will
bo heard and our cause considered.
"The Government did not forgot to call for our
help, and now we think that we have a right to call
upon it."
In presenting this memorial I desire to. ex-
press my entire sympathy with it. ■ I feel that
a community which despoils two hundred and
eighty thousand people of their rights cannot
expect to be recognized as a republican govern^
ment. The colored memorialists are right, and
when they ask that their ease shall be consid-
ered I hope that they will have at least that in-
dulgence, even if Congress does notgrantthem
their rights. I move the reference of this im-
portant memorial and protest to the joint com-
mittee of the two Houses having this subject
under consideration.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a petition of cit-
izens of the District of Columbia similar to the
petitions whieli I presented yesterday, calling
upon Congress to provide irreversible guaran-
tees in the work ot reconstruction, so that we
shall have security for the future, and, among
those guarantees, proposingthe enfranchisement
of the colored race. I may say, sir, that I am
glad to present this petition from citizens of the
District of Columbia, because it shows that there
are good people here who are not indifferent
to the great cause of equal rights. I am more
disposed to make this remark because I see
notice of a public meeting of whites in this city
in the hope of arresting this cause. Of course
the whites can meet if tliey please, but any vote
on their part will be under the circumstances
little better than an absurdity. Of course such
a meeting called under such auspices will vote
to continue their unjust pretensions. Squatters
who for generations have squatted on the rights
of others do not quietly give up their claim.
The whites of the District of Columbia, in re-
spect to the eolored people, are no better than
squatters, and it is our duty to dispossess them.
Hereafter nobody should be allowed to squat on
the rights of others, civil or political. I move
the reference of this petition to the joint com-
mittee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I present the petition of
three thousand seven hundred and forty colored
men of 'South Carolina, in which they respect-
fully ask Congress, in consideration of their un-
questioned loyalty, exhibited by them aliko_ as
bond or free, as soldier or laborer, in the Onion
lines under the protection of the Government,
or within the rebel lines under the domination
of the rebellion, that in the exercise of our high
authority over the reestablisliment of civil gov-
ernment in South Carolina their equal rights
before the daw may be respected; that in the
formation and adoption of die fundamental law
of the State, they may have an equal voice with
allloyal citizens, andthat Congress will not sanc-
tion any State constitution which does notsecure
the exercise of the right of the elective franchise
to all loyal citizens otherwise qualified in the
common course of American law, without dis-
