1172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
admitting those loyal men, I suppose I differ
with the great leader of the Radicals in this
House, [Sir. Stevens,] and his followers. I
also differ with the copperhead per,suasion of
this House; they would repeal tlie test oath
and admit any Representatives that might be
elected from the southern States, be they loyal
men or rebels.
I am not in favor of repealing the test oath,
but am in favor of its remaining there as a mon-
ument of loyalty, to be subscribed to and taken
by every member who shall hereafter enter the
councils of the nation, be ho from what State he
may, and whenever men are sent here from the
rebellious Stales or from any other of the States
who cannot subscribe to that oath, I would say
to him, "Go bach to your constituents and say
to them that the Congress of the United States,
being the judges of the qualifications of its own
members, will not allow a rebel to enter their
Halls as a member, any more than they would
a com id from one of the State penitentiaries."
Bat if }Ou will <4end us a loyal man who has
stood the test of the Jires of this rebellion, he
should be admitted and act as your mouth-piece
in the councils of the nation.
Mt*. MARSHALL. If my colleague will
allow me, before he passes from that point, f
would like to make a remark. 1 have nothing
to say about the good tasle of using the epi-
thet " copperhead " if my colleague thinks it
comports with his own sense of propriety to
use such stale and worn-out epithets upon this
floor. Hut in his statement in regard io my
position here, he is entirely mistaken if he in-
tends to apply the term "copperhead" to me
and tho^e who act with me, or to intimate thai
I am willing to admit any man fioni the South,
whether lie be a traitor or not, to a M-at upon
this tloor.
lie is entiudy mistaken in regard to my po-
sition. 1 say that the southern States are in
the Union, and onghttobe recognized asmuch
ns any other States in the Union, :md that
when lliey send loyal men hero who are will-
ing (o stand by the Constitution and the Union
it is an outrage to reject them.
Sir, i( such men as Jeff. Davis. John Slidell,
John (■. Breckinridge, and a host of others
whom 1 might name, were to present themselves
here, I should myself, so far as I am individ-
ually concerned, remain here until Gabriel blew
his trumpet before L would consent to admit
them to seats as Representatives here. X would
consider the elaims of each man personally, but
i hold that the States are in the U nion and are
entitled lo representation here. That, is my
position in regard to (his question. And the
gentleman is entirely mistaken in assigning me
the position whieh he has done.
Mr. KlIA K I'jN 1> A LL. 1 do not wish my
colleague to interpolate his remarks into my
ppeeeh. i spoke of the "copperhead persua-
sion." 1 did not know that that struck any
member from my State.
Mr. MARSHALL. It ia well known that
the disumonisls upon (he other side of the
House—1 do not- class my colleague in that
number—apply the term "copperhead'' to the
members on thw side of ihe House, around
whom areehisieringall the hopes of the people
of tins country who desire an immediate res-
toration of ifie ('nion.
Mr. KI 1 KKNDALL. Let me say that of
the Democrats m my district three fourths are
not considered copperheads; they are war
Democrats although they \otedthe Democratic
ticket. We call one party there4 the Demo-
cratic party, and we have another party there
which we call the Copperhead party. I do not
know whether they have any Representatives j
here or not. but 1 want to ask my colleague 1
whether he is in favor of maintaining or of
repealing the test oath. "
Mr. MARSHALL. If my colleague desires
my opinion about that i will give it to him.
Mr. KfJVlCENDALL. I want a categorical
answer.
the Supreme Court for decision. I think, how-
ever, that, the better mode is to repeal the oath
and determine the question as to each member
when he presents himself here, whether he is
now a loyal man, and as such entitled to be
admitted to membership on this floor.
I cannot say. that I would at this time be in
favor of removing all tests of every character,
but I think at all events that the time will very
soon come when that test oath ought to be
stricken from the statute-book, and when such
men as Alexander II. Stephens, who have been
complicated with the rebellion, ought to be ad-
mitted, if we are satisfied that they are now true
to the Union and the Constitution. I would
recognize the States as in the Union and en-
tilled to representation, and consider the case
of each individual member as he presented his
elaims to a seat here.
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Kcykevoali,] allow me to ask his
colleague a question?
Mr. IUTY KENDALL. Oh, of course, I will
yield to that gentleman.
Mr. ROGERS. 1 ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Marshall] this question. Sup-
pose Alexander 11. Stephens was elected as a
Representative in Congress from the State of
•Georgia, and should come here ; would you or
would you not vote for his admission if lie was
regularly elected ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Tf I was satisfied that
he was true to the Constitution and the Union,
and intended to stand by the Government and
insist on its perpetuation niuler the Constitu-
tion, acting in j^ood faith. I would vote for his
admission. lJut, ] should not consider that ill
mi doing I was adopting a principle that would
require uie to admit men whom I belie* e still
to be traitors.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. I must insist that
these gentlemen do not occupy all my time.
Mr. UOGEliS. My only object was to get
the views of the gentleman about the test oath.
Mr. MA RSH A LL. While 1 am up will my
colleague let. me say aword in reference to the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rontons?]
Mr. KUY KEN DAIJj. Yes, if it is not too
long.
Mr. MARSHALL. It will he very brief in-
deed. A number of gentlemen on the disunion
side of the House, it seems, have been very
anxious, 1 know not for what purpose, to de-
nominate the gentleman from New Jersey the
leader of this side of the House.
Now, if it is meant thai, In: has made more
speeches and longer speeches, ami, if you
please abler ones, than any other member on
this side of the House, 1 have certainlv no ob-
jection to Ihe gentleman being considered the
leader in that sense. I am willing in accord to
him the great ability and eloquence which 1
recognize him to possess. lint I must say for
myself, that in many of the extreme views ex-
pressed by that gentleman since this Congress
coninieneed"it.s session, be does not., in my judg-
ment, represent the 1 )einoeratic portion of this
House. In many of his views he does, and in
others he does not, and I am not willing to have
it, insisted upon here or understood by the coun-
try that the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Rooki;s| is m his discussions on this door the
representative of this side of the House; nor
am I willing to he bound by everything that lie
or any other member may choose to say.
Mr. Kl YKENDALL. The gentleman lias
not yet answeied my question. 1 want a direct
answer from him. 1 want him to say whether
oi not he would vote to repeal the test oath at
this time. That is a quest ion easily answered,
yes or no. He says he would repeal it in re-
gard lo Alexander H. Stephens ; why not also i
in regard to Jetl' Davis? ;
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 have alream'said that "
very soon, if not now, 1 think this test oath
should be repealed; and that men, although
they may have been drawn into the rebellion, :
who are now true to the Union, and are well '
., 5[l;- >f-A_RSf[ALL. T will state simply this: l! known and recognized to be such, should, if
that 1 am inclined to believe that, it is uncon- ij they are elected, be admitted to seats in this 1
stitutional. lhat question, however,, is before 11 House. I
Mr. ROGERS. AVill the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Kxtykendall] yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. KUYKENDALL. Not now.
Mr. ROGERS. I have been very liberal to
others.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. I know that; but
the gentleman is not answering any question I
have put.
Mr. ROGERS. Just a moment.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. Very well.
Mr. ROGERS. I know that my views are
somewhat in advance of those of Siome mem-
bers on this side of this House. But T suppose
the Speaker of this House has noticed that dur-
ing my career in Congress I have always acted
and spoken upon principle, regardless of any
political consequences to mo. I have always
expressed my views openly and fairly to the
best of my ability; and I am here to-day to say
that I would vote now, and it would give me
as much pleasure as any vote that I have ever
given or ever could give, to repeal the present
test oath. 1 believe lhat oath is unconstitu-
tional, and that no Congress under the au-
thority of the Constitution has the right to
impose any such requirement, upon the con-
science of any man. And the President of the
United Stales himself, Mr. Johnson, in the last
colloquy he had with gentlemen from New
York, expressly slated that he believed lhat
oath ought lo be repealed, and that 110 other
obligation ought to he imposed upon any man
than an oath to support the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. I object, to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Roncns] as au-
thority for what President Johnson says. What
J want to know is, whether he speaks for his
entire partv.
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir ; I speak for myself;
I do not speak for the Democratic party at, all.
I do not profess or claim to be any leader of
thai party. I advocate what 1 belie\o to be
Democratic principles. I do not pretend Co
control anybody ; and I know no one on this
side of the House is so foolish as to be con-
trolled by anything but his own ideas of right
and justice. It is a serious, a great insult, to
undertake to charge upon this side of the
House that they are to bo led by any man.
They arc men of sense and judgment, and dis-
cretion, and are able topursue their own course
according lo their own .judgment, with the same
right, ami the same, sense of obligation and duty
that I can exercise ; and with equally as much
if not more sense.
Mr. KUY KENDALL. We all believe that.
[Laughter.] Hut. 1 would like my friend from
Illinois [Mr. Maksii ts.i.j to answer this ques-
tion. He says that he thinks the time will come
very soon when this test oath should he repealed.
Now, if Mr. Breckimidge should be elected a
member of this House froiu the State of Ken-
tucky by a majority of the qualified voters of
the district, and was willing to take the oath to
support the Constitution of the United States,
would the gentleman vote to give him a seat
upon this lloor?
Mr. MARSHALL. I would not. I would
have these questions propel ly relbriod, so that
the merits ot each individual pieMnting him-
self might be thoroughly and properly eon-
siileied. I believe that those States art1 enti-
tled to representation. 1 have already said that
I would no! vote for the admission of those
men whom 1 believe to be guilty of having
originally concocted treason and deliberately
plotted the destruction of this Government.
But among those in the South who wore drawn
into the rebellion after it commenced there are
many good men who, in my opinion, are to-day
as loyal to the Union and the Government as
is my colleague: and when a man of this class
presents himself here as the Representative of
a State, I am ready to vote for his admission.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. Mr. Speaker, I have
now attained the object of my inquiry. My
colleague said that he was perfectly willing to
vote for the admission of the ex-vice president
of the confederate government; but that if the
