mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
July 23,
JANES, EOWLBB, KIIITLAND AND COMPANY.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask unanimous
cnsent that Senate bill No. 429, for tbe relief
of Janes, Fowler, Kirtland & Co., be taken
from-the Speaker's table and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
MINING DITCHES, ETC.—AGAIN.
Mr. KASSON. I have several amendments
which, by an arrangement that has been made,
I propose to offer to this bill. I desire to in-
quire of the gentleman from California [Mr.
Higby] whether he would prefer that I shall
offer those amendments before or after he has
submitted his remarks.
Mr. HIGBY. I would like to k-now by what
agreement or arrangement the gentleman is to
have the opportunity to offer those amendments.
Mr. ICASSON. The gentleman in charge of
this bill, with whom such understandings are
always arrived at, agreed that I should have
the opportunity this momingto offerthe amend-
ments. If the gentleman from California wishes
to preclude all amendments to this bill, even
those most friendly to his interests, I certainly
shall not press them upon the attention of the
House.
Mr. HIGBY. I was not aware that there
had been any such agreement. Whatever ar-
rangement has been made, I of course will live
up to it.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
remark upon the character of this bill that it is
an entire divestment of the United States of
two things, which I think the United States
should always retain within its control: one
is the fee of the mining property ; the other is
the right to regulate the production of gold, in
order that no private interests, no local rules
or regulations may interfere with the proper
and legitimate supply of the mineral which
furnishes our measure of value in the United
States. As the Constitution gives us the right
to exercise this control we should, in my opin-
ion, never part with it.
With these views, deliberately and long en-
tertained, I have made inquiry to ascertain
whether this bill a3 it comes from the Senate
could be intelligently amended so as to secure
those two results, and at the same time attain
the great object which the gentlemen from the
mining districts have in view—an object equally
legitimate and equally deserving the attention
of the House—which is that security shall be
given to the possessory titles and the interests
already vested, under no authority from the
United States, but simply through the enter-
prise and irrepressible zeal which character-
ize the American people. How shall we ac-
complish these two purposes—the reservation
of this supreme right of the United States and
the security of those who are willing to invest
their property and even expose their lives in
the production of this very valuable mineral?
In order to answer that question, I propose
to amend in the fourteenth line of the second
section by changingthe phrase " granting such
mine" so as to read, "granting the use of such
mine;" also, by striking out in the sixteenth
and seventeenth lines allafterthe word " adjoin-
ing." This, Mr. Speaker, is for the purpose
of providing that the parties who now have pos-
session of a mine shall have a patent granting
to them the use <rf a mine, which, when the
title is ascertained, is to be exclusive of all
others making claim thereto hereafter, andwill
securc the investments already made by cit-
izens of the United States.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian]
has suggested that we shall violate a great
principle of the common law if we allow these
miners to enter the adjoining lands. I wish
to say, sir, that [ differ with him; and with the
adoption of my amendment his objection will
fall to the ground. Gentlemen who have not
visited the mining districts may not, perhaps,
be aw-are that the different veins and lodes are
not perpendicular, but descend frequently at
an angle, the angle being sometimes even forty-
five degrees; and thus they go down hundreds
of feet into the earth. They have been known
to run a short distance very nearly horizontally,
and then to descend at an angle.
The lode must be followed wherever it leads.
I recollect two mines in Colorado of very great
value indeed, where two lodes cross each other
some three hundred feet below the surface of
the earth, and each man must follow his own
lode, and where it crosses he must go on the
other side, on the other land, and vice versa,
the other claimant must go on other land. This
bill is intended to provide that each may use his
own lode and nobody else, though in descend-
ing the earth he may strike another; that each
must follow his own lode, wherever that may
lead. That I regard as indispensable.
In the third section, page 3, line fifteen,
where it provides that upon the payment to the
proper officer of fiye dollars per acre, together
with the cost of such survey, plat, and notice,
and giving satisfactory evidence that said dia-
gram and notice have been posted on the claim
during said period of ijinety days, the register
of the land office shall transmit to the General
Land Office said plat, survey, and description,
&c., I propose to strike out "per acre" and
insert "for each one hundred lineal feet along
the vein or lode." It is simply to make it. fol-
low the grant of the use of the mine, and that
takes with it so much of the adjoining land as
is necessary for the development of die mine.
That i« also indispensable.
I then insert "for the use thereof" and "a
claim onso it will read:
And a patent for the use thereof shall issue for the
same thereupon. But said plat, survey, or descrip-
tion shall in nocasecovermorethanoneveinorlode,
and no patentshall issue for a claim on more than one
vein or lode, which shall be expressed in the patent
issued.
1 also in the fourth section propose, in the
adjustment of the survey, that it shall be made
under regulations to be provided by the Com-
missioner of the Public Lands.
In llie eighth and ninth lines of the fourth
section I strike out " local rules, laws, aud cus-
toms of miners" and insert "rights hereby con-
ferred." Thatalso accomplishes the purposes
of the gentlemen from the mining districts.
At the end of the fourth section is a proviso
that no person may make more than one loca-
tion on the same lode, and. not more than three
thousand feet shall be taken in any one claim
by any association of persons. It is previously
provided that the discoverer may make two.
That is right, and I propose to insert " other
than the discoverer.'' It will then read:
And provided further. That no person other than
the discoverer may make mora than one location on
thesame lode, andnot more than two thousancLlineal
feet shall be takon in any one claim by any associa-
tion of persons.
In the fifth section, where it is provided that
" as a further condition of sale, in the absence
of necessary legislation by Congress, the local
Legislature of any State or Territory may pro-
vide rules for working mines involving ease-
ments, drainage, and other necessary means to
their complete development, and those condi-
tions shall be fully expressed in the patent," I
would add " until otherwise ordered by Con-
gress." Thatgivesthem temporary regulation
until we find it necessary to exercise the re-
served supreme right of the United States.
There are some other verbal corrections in the
next and following sections. In the ninth sec-
tion, instead of saying we protect the owners
of reserved rights, I say so far as the rights of
the United States are concerned as against any
legal claims they may have the right of way
as granted and limited by a right of way across
aud through the public lands of the United
States.
In the tenth section, where agricultural lands
are granted, I say it shall be done without
prejudice to the right of the United States to
deal with them as mineral lands in case of dis-
covery of such mineral therein.
Then I add an additional section, as follows:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That Congress re-
serves the right of forfeiture and of redisposition of
all claims patented under the provisions of this act,
which shall notbein good fiith developed, used, and
worked within three years from the date ofsuch'pat-
ent, and with reasonable continuity thereafter; and
to provide all rule?, regulations, and conditions for
ascertaining;the same and relating thereto; and if
any such claim shall be abandoned, thesame shall be
thereby forfeited, and may be again patented to any
other claimant on the some terms as before, the facts
to be ascertained by the like proceedings as provided
in the second and third sections of this act; and the
proper regulations for carrying this act into effect
shall be provided by the Commissioner of Public
Lands,approved by the Secretary of the Interior;
and Congress further reserves the right to adjust, by
general law, in any minmpdistriot, any discrepancies,
irregularities, or uncertainties touching the charac-
ter and management of mining claims.
This concludes my own views as to the neces-
sity of a reservation of the rights of the United
States.
Mr. Speaker, the great object of the Govern-
ment should be to develop the mineral re-
sources of that part of the country; and in
doing that it can best be accomplished by pro-
viding that they shall not absorb-ihese lodes
and veins and hold them, as they do the pub-
lic lands of the United States, for purposes of
speculation, but they shall go on and continue
in good faith to develop them. If they do that,
then the title will be granted ; if they do not,
the title reverts to the United States. Unless
this be done, I see no safety in passing this
bill as it comes from the Senate.
Mr. HIGBY. I yield live minutes to my
colleague.
Mr. McRUER. I wish to make one or two
remarks touching this bill. In the first place,
I wish to say that the proposstion to sell the
mineral lands did not come from the Pacific
coast or from the mineral region. Two years
ago we were progressing, as we have pro-
gressed for the last seventeen years success-
fully, to develop the wealth of that country, and
possessory title's were considered sound. They
were bought and sold with entire confidence
and faith in the legislation of this country, the
same as titles to real estate were bought and
sold. But, sir, since that time there have been
introduced into Congress schemes to sell the
mineral lands without any regard to the pos-
sessory titles.
I hold in my hand a bill that was introduced
into the Thirty-Eighth Congress, reported from
the Committee on Public Lands, which pro-
poses—what? "Why, sir, to put up every pos-
sessory right within that whole region, and sell
it at auction to the highest bidder. And the
whole logic of the speech and the report made
in regard to that measure was, that the people
of the mineral regions were a set of vagabonds,
and the women were, to a large extent, un-
chaste, and therefore we should drive out that
worthless class of people, sell the mineral
lands, and thus attract a meritorious class of
people to those regions as settlers. That was
the logic of the speech made to the Thirty-
Eighth Congress.
It is in consequence of the apparent encour-
agement which such a scheme has received
here that we now feel that our whole titles are
insecure. It has disturbed the faith, it has dis-
turbed the credit, and consequently those who
are interested in that region, those who have
the interests of that country at heart, have set
themselves to work to frame a bill recognizing
the possessory rights of all these people, rec-
ognizing the fact that they are and have been
a meritorious class of citizens and that the de-
velopment of that region to its greatest extent
is for the best interest of the whole country.
Now, sir, this bill came from the Senate
some weeks since. It was sought, to be referred
to the Committee on Mines and Mining, which,
in my opinion, was the proper committee to
which it should have gone. But through the
influence of the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands it was sent to his committee.
And I wish to state to the House now that the
majority of the Committee on Public Lands
are in favor of this bill as it came from the
Senate; and if it had not been for action of
which the House has been advised it would
have been reported to the House before this
time. I understand the Committoe on Mines
and Mining have considered this bill, and are
ready to report favorably upon it at any time.
