3092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
Who would recall the assessors and collectors
of taxes in the southern States? Who would
close the courts there? Who would recall the
postmasters, and suspend the operations of
the post, offices throughout that portion of the
Union ? Who would repudiate the President's
action in all these respects?
And, sir, what have we done here? Sir, it
is said that on a certain occasion Queen Eliza-
beth, as was'the custom of the monarchs of that
realm, asked the Speaker of the House of Com-
mons, "What have you passed, sir?" He said,
" Seven weeks, your Royal Highness." In like
manner you could answer, "Seven months."
If we have passed anything else, except a
Freedmen's Bureau bill, and a few other such
measures, I should like to know what it is.
And yet, sir, this day we might have been at
our homes, and the country in the process of
healing. We might have had loyal members
from southern Slates who were legally elected
on this floor. Wo might have thus completed
the work of Andrew Johnson, and rejoiced in
a restored and happy country. Instead of that
we have spent all our time in the denunciation
of rebels and in provoking sectional strife.
I wish to say, Jlr. Speaker, that 1 have no
love for rebels, but thai, on the contrary, if I
hate anybody [ hate those who have brought
this trouble upon the nation. I have no ex-
cuses to oiler i'or those who were the ringlead-
ers in the commission of this great and terrible
crime. I am ol the opinion that they should
be arrested and tried, and if convicted of trea-
son they should hang for it, if the interest of
the country should demand it.
Mr. Speaker, as to rendering some of the
classes ol'persons named in this bill ineligible to
hold any 1'Vdoral olliee, i fit were legally pioper,
1 should not say a word. 1 believe those who
committed this great crime and brought this
desolation upon the nation, should suffer for it.
J have no hesitation in saying I hat the nation
itself should look lo (hem. iiul let us punish
mini according to the laws which fixed the
punishment, at the time the crime was commit-
ted. I would not take the vilesl, miscreant on
the face of the earth, even if I had the power,
and punish him against the law. We have had
enough of thai during the troublous times
which, thank (Joel, are passed. [ objected to
very little that was done by those who admin-
istered the Government which was necessary
for the successful prosecution of the war. The
war, however, is now over, and I think we have
had unconstitutional action enough. JI seems
now we will never gel, back to the old land-
murks; that we will never get back to a consti-
tutional basis, and that men have really forgot-
ten what the Constitution provides for and
what it demands.
1 said awhile ago, Mr. Speaker, (bat the
Lincoln-,Johnson policy had been departed
from. I wish to call the attention of the House
for one moment to a single instance in which
that was done. In 18G1 Mr. Maynard, from
East Tennessee, was elected to Congress, came
to this city, look his seat, and filled out his
term. lie was elected in August, 18111. He
was elected after the ordinance of secession
was adopted by Tennessee, after the battle of
Bull Run was fought, and in the midst of a
mighty war, (he end of which no m m living
could foresee. He came here representing a
district in Tennessee, while his colleagues were
not able to get here being prevented by the
rebels. But we wi re then told that this war
was prosecuted for the preservation of the
Union, and I'or that, purpose only. Mr. May-
naid alter the war is over is again elected to
Congress from the same district. He comes to
this city to take his scat, but si,range to relate
is refused admission? Why, Mr? I wish an}'
gentleman upon this floor would tell me what
difference there is between Mr. Maynard of to-
day and Mr. Maynard of 1861. I will yield to
any gentleman for an answer. He is (he same
man. He comes here representing the same
constituency. The only difference, sir, is that
the war is now over, and we were then in the
midst of it.
Taylor comes here. His predecessor elected
in that year was also admitted. Stokes comes
here, llis predecessor was also admitted, not in
that year but afterward. He could not get here
for the rebels.
Gentlemen say, however, they cannot receive
Representatives from isolated districts, but must
receive the whole State. Put your finger upon
a disloyal man claiming a seat here from that
State. "Put your finger upon an illegally elected
man claiming a seat from that State. Do you
know, sir, what their constituency was? I wish
to call the attention of the House to that fact.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Not now.
Mr. PRICE. I understood the gentleman
to say that he would give time to answer a
question.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Yes, if you will answer
the question what is the difference between Mr.
Maynard of 18G1 and Mr. Maynard of to-day.
Mr. PRICE. I will answer you by reading
Mr. Stokes's language on the subject.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I ask you in reference
to Mr. Maynard, and if you have the answer
let us have it.
Mr. PRICE. You referred lo Colonel Stokes.
1 have Colonel Stokes's answer now here.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Yes; but will the gen-
tleman answer me as lo Maynard? I will tell
you what 1 know about Colonel Stokes's dis-
trict. 1 know that in his district about ten
thousand men furnished bayonels to put down
the rebellion ; as bravo men as ever fought a
battle or went to heroes' graves. And not
only that, but the country was stripped of
everything, and the people are now naked
and starving. These people send men here
to represent, thein. and jet they cannot be
received. Why should you reject Maynard
to-day, when you received him as a Represent-
ative in 18(ii? You tell us that we are lick-
spittles, and that we have deseitcd the policy
of Mr. Lincoln. Have we left the Baltimore
platform of 18(11? You tell us. whcf-rcmain
true to that plat form that you made for us to
stand upon, that we are doerlcrs from the
Union party. I again n.-k some gentleman to
tell nj,c the difference between the Mawiardof
18(il and the Majnard of to-day, and why he
is not admitted now. The only answer of
your leader is, that a combination might be
formed bctwceiuAhe copperheads of the North
and the rebels of the South, and that the lie-
publican party might lose its power.
Mr. Speaker, 1 want to say a word about
that. If I have had a wish on earth it has been
that the Union party of this nation should re-
tain power. I think it has a right to adminis-
ter the Government that if saved. 1 deny the
right to those who have been trying to break
up this Government to come in now and ad-
minister it. And let me say that a liberal and
generous policy by Congress would have given
a supremacy to the Union parly North and
South which nothing could have broken for
thirty years. That party had a prestige that,
| none other over had; but that prestige is now
| in danger of being lost. I tell you, sir, that
I you must come back to the old Union ground,
! that this war was prosecuted to save the Gov-
j eminent, and not to place power in the hands
of a few men to deslroy it. And you will
come back. Even now you dare not adjourn
this Congress without admitting the Tennessee
members. You radical gentlemen must come
back to the old Union doctrine of Lincoln and
Johnson, My prediction is, that Speaker Col-
fax, who is one of your leaders, will tell you
that you must not go back to your constituen-
cies without doing it. You dare not, go back
and tell your people that you admitted Maynard
in 1801 legally, and could not do it now. The
record is against you ; the facts are against you;
and in the admission of these members is in-
volved. the whole question between us. It is
the Lincoln-Johnson policy to admit them,
and the radical policy to reject them.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Will the gentleman from
I Kentucky allow me to say a word?
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I dislike to be interrupted.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I desire simply to cor-
rect the gentleman, and to say that my under-
standing has been that Speaker Colfax from
the commencement of the session has been in
favor of the admission of the loyal members
from Tennessee.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. So every gentleman on
your side says. You all say that you are in
favor of the admission of the loyal men from
Tennessee, and are anxious for it. And yet,
in spite of your anxiety, seven months have
gone by, and I do not see that anything lias
been done in that direction. Every gentleman
in the House says that he is anxious to admit
these States at the earliest day possible; but
where is the work that you have done toward
it ? It might be done in thirty minutes. I tell
you what it is. When, in 1870, another pres-
idential election shall have passed away, and
the majority here shall have secured a new
lease of por.'er, then you will let in these men.
Your object is not restoration; it is obstruction
and procrastination.
Your desire, as was said by a gentleman
from Pennsylvania the other day, is to secure
the right of the negro to vote in the South so
as to counterbalance the votes of the copper-
heads and rebels. Do any gentlemen suppose
they could get the negro vote South? Every
master would votehisnegro. You would notget
them. Sir, I ask this House if it is wise and
just and proper to attempt to enforce upon
these States such a condition before we will
admit members who are legitimately entitled
to seats here? And what would this negro
vote amount to ? The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevesh,] in his first speech of
the session on this floor said that by the oper-
ation of the infernal laws of slavery the negroes
South were kept in such ignorance that they
were unable to understand the plainest terms
of the simplest contracts. And a little further
on in the same speceh, that the right of suf-
frage should be conferred by Congress upon
them; thus placing in the hands of people so
ignorant the destinies of a country like this.
Such is the radical doctrine.
But what was Mr. Lincoln's policy of resto-
ration? Why, sir, ho never dreamed of reject-
ing loyal men legally elected from the insur-
rectionary States. In the midst ofthe war he
said that ho would take the fact that insurrec-
tionary States were represented in Congress as
conclusive proof that no rebellion existed in
those States. He invited representation. In his
emancipation proclamation of September,
1802, he said:
"The Executive will, on the 1st day of January,
1803, designate tfie States aa<l paits of States, if any,
■in wliieh the people thereof respectively shall then
bo in rebellion against the United* States; and tho
fact that any State, or the people thereof,-shall on
that day bo in good faith represented in the Congress
of the United States by members chosen thereto at
elections wherein tho majority of qualified voters of
such States shall have participated, shall, in the ab-
sence of strons: countervailing testimony, be deemed
conclusive evidence that such State, and the people
thereof, arc not in rebellion against tho United
States."
Thus we see, sir, that in the midst of the
war he told these people to send their repre-
sentatives here, and that lie would regard that
as conclusive proof that rebellion 110 longer
existed in those States. And yet now, sir,
men professing to be his friends, and the friends
of his policy, tell these loyal men from the
South that it is impossible that even the best
and most loyal of them should be admitted
into this Hall.
_Sir, you have run away from that, policy.
You tell us that we are untrue to the policy of
Abraham Lincoln; you tell us that we have
abandoned his position, and are untrue to his
policy ot restoration. Whv, sir. we have been
trying every day to carry it out. Wo, the An-
drew Johnson men upon this floor, have been
endeavoring during this whole session to have
these men admitted upon it. But we are in so
small a minority, and such a powerful and will-
ful—I say it in no offensive sense—majority is
opposed to us that we are utterly powerless.
We have not been able to get a hearing for any-
