2132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
for consideration I can move this joint resolu-
tion as a substitute for the resolution of the
eommittee.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. E. No. 72)
for the relief of George Mack, and twenty-four
others; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to be printed.
INTERIOR DEPARTMENT CLEKIiS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to report a bill to reor-
ganize tlie clerical force of the Department of
the Interior, and for other purposes. This bill
was framed by the Interior Department, and
the Committee on Finance are of opinion that
they ought not to consider it, because it does
not fall within their appropriate duties, but that
they thought the subject was of sufficient impor-
tance to have the matter referred (o a select
committee to be composed o^ the chairmen or
representatives of the various committees of
this body having charge of the respective bu-
reaus of the Interior Department. If such be
the pleasure of the Senate, I ask that the bill
be read twice, and referred to a sclect com-
mittee.
The bill (.S. No. 282) to reorganize the cler-
ical force of the Department of the Interior,
and for other purposes, was road twice by its
title.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that this bill lie
referred to a select committee of live members;
and I make the suggestion, simply on behalf of
the Committee on Finance, that the select com-
mittee be composed of the chairmen of the
several Committees on Indian Aflairs, Public
Lands, Pensions, Patents, and Printing. These
subjects are all referred to in the bill.
The PRESIDENT jjrotferopore. It is moved
that the bill be referred to a select committee
consisting of the gentlemen named by the Sen-
ator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Doo-
UTTi.H, Pomkroy, Anthony, Laxb of Indiana,
and Cowan, constitute the select committee.
MINTING Al'ritOPJtlATIONH.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (If. it.
No. 500) making appropriations to supply
deticiency in the appiopriatiou for the public
printing for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1866, have instructed me to leport it back
without amendment, and as we are informed
by the gentleman at the bead of the Printing
bureau that the money is immediately needed
to pay current expenses of public printing, I
ask for the present consideration of the bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the "Whole.
It appropriates, to supply deficiencies for ihe
fiscal year ending June ;i0, 1S(SG, for the public
printing, $115,000; for paper for the public print-
ing, ยง150,000; for the public binding, $!);">,000.
It also proposes to empower the Superintend-
ent of the Public Printing to employ an addi-
tional clerk, of class four.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
MESSAGE I'jROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(11. R. No. 110) to prevent the introduction
of the cholera into the ports of the United
States, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills ; which were
thereupon signed by the President pro tem-
pore :
^ A bill (S. No. 146) for the relief of Thomas
F. Wilson, late United States consul at Bahia,
Brazil;
A bill (H. R. No. 472) for the relief of
George I{. Frank, late captain thirty-third
regimens, Wisconsin volunteer infantry; and
A bill (H. R. No. 500) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiency in the appropriation
for 'the public printing for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1866.
CLAIMS OP LOYAL CITIZENS.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 73) for the relief of loyal cit-
izens of the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson,
in the State of -West Virginia; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WILLEY. With the indulgence of the
Senate, I desire to make a remark or two in
reference to this resolution ; but before doing
so, with the permission of the Senate, I ask
for the reading of the resolution at large.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, as
follows;
Resolved, <f-c., That the second and third sections
of the act entitled "An act to restrict the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims and to provide for the
payment of certain demands for quartermasters'
stores and subsistence supplies furnished to the Ariny
of the United States," approved July 4,18Gt, be, and
the samo are hereby, made applicable to, and shall
include, claims of loyal citizens of the counties of
Berkeley and Jefferson, in the State of West Vir-
ginia.
Mr. WILLEY. The second section of the
act of July 4, 1804, referred to in this resolu-
tion, is in these words:
" Kkc. 2. And be it further enneted, That all claims
of loyal ci t.i/.L'ijH, in States not in rebellion, for quar-
termaster's stores actually furnished to the Army
of the United States and receipted for by the proper
ofticer receiving tho same, or which may have been
taken by such ofiioer without giving such receipt,
may bo submitted to tho Quartermaster General of
tho United States, accompanied with such proofs as
each claimant can present of the facts in lus case;
and it shall be the duty.of tho Quartermaster Gen-
eral to cause such claim to be examined, and if
convinced that it is just and of tho loyalty of the
claimant and that tho stores have been actually
received or taken for the use of and used by said
Army, then to report each case to tho Third Au-
ditor of tho Treasury with a recommendation for
settlement."
The third scction refers to subsistence sup-
plies, and is of like touor with the second sec-
tion, referring them for proof to.the Commis-
sary General of Subsistence. It seems that
the quartermaster's department, for some
cause unknown to me, have excluded the
counties of Berkeley and Jefferson from the
operation of these two sections of the act
of 1SG4.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ' If the Senator from
West Virginia will allow me, I will state that
this subject, has been before the Committee
on the Judiciary, ami a bill has been reported
from that committee, and is now pending in
tho Senate, recommending the extension of
the provisions of tho act which he has just
read to loyal persons in all portions of the
United States. I apprehend that would cover
the object which the Senator has in view.
Perhaps that bill has escaped his notice. It
is on the table, and it is the intention of the
committee to call it up at the very first oppor-
tunity.
Mr. WILLEY. I was aware of the bill re-
ferred to by the Senator from Illinois. That
bill embraces loyal citizens throughout the
entire South, and will perhaps lead to some
discussion and some delay. The resolution
which 1 now offer is confined in its operations
exclusively to the counties of Berkeley and
,1 efferson, in the State of West Virginia. Allow
me to state, Mr. President, that the people of
West Viiginia feel somewhat chagrined that a
part of her territory, the counties of Berkeley
and J efferson, as much a part of her territory
as any other counties in the State, the loyal
State of West Virginia, should have been ex-
cluded by one of tho subordinate departments
of the Government from the operation of the
act of July, 1864. Why these two counties are
excluded I cannot understand. Why apart of
aloyal State should be excluded and another part
allowed to be brought within the operation of
this act, I cannot understand. Every other
department of the Government has recognized
these two counties as belonging to West Vir-
ginia, as a part of the territory of that loyal I
State; the Executive has recognized it; the head
of the War Department has recognized it; and
recently, it will be in the recollection of the
Senate, Congress by its action recognized the
annexation of these two counties to the State
of West Virginia, so diat these two counties
are now, and always have been, a part of that
territory; since 1863 at any rate. Before the
passage of the act of July, 1864, and ever since
the passage of that act, these two counties have
been as much a part of the State of West Vir-
ginia as any other counties within its limits.
We feel somewhat aggrieved that this discrim-
ination should be made against them. There
are not maty claimants in these two counties;
and fearing that the bill referred to by the
Senator from Illinois might, perhaps, lead to
some extended discussion and to some delay,
I have thought it proper to introduce this res-
olution, supposing that there would be no
objection to it, inasmuch as it simply places
these two counties on an equal footing with all
the other counties of the State ; and if there be
no objection I would be glad if tho Senate
would take up the resolution and consider it
now. I have stated all that there is in the
joint resolution. It seems to me there can
be no earthly objection to it; and therefore
I should be glad if the Senate would put the
resolution on its passage now.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from West Virginia asks for the present
consideration of the resolution introduced by
him. Is there any objection ? No objection
being made, the resolution is before the Senate
as in Committee of tho Whole.
Mr. WILSON. 'The resolution is very brief,
and I should like to hear it read again.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that resolution in-
tended to be put upon its passage? It has not
been referred to any committee. Has it come
from a committee?
The PRESrDENTjwofeffyjore. It has not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think such a resolu-
tion" ought not to pass without consideration.
This whole subject has been carefully consid-
ered during the present session ; and tho law
to which reference has been made, the law of
1804, I think, has been somewhat modified in
the bill which has been reported, and which
is now pending before the Senate, and will
embrace this case. I do not think we ought
to act on a resolution opening the door for the
allowance of claims any wider than it was
opened by the previous act, until we consider
the whole subject, as we shall do in the bill of
which the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
has charge, and which will be called up at an
early day. If this joint resolution passes,
another joint resolution maybe offered to-mor-
row to embrace some other county, and another
the next day to embrace some other county,
and another the next day. This joint resolu-
tion has not been considered by any commit-
tee, and I trust it will not, be pressed to a vote
at_ the present time. It has not even been
printed. I move that the pending resolution
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLEY. It seems to me that the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois could hardly have
looked at the case as it actual!}' exists. The
act to which he refers is dated July 4, 18G4.
West Virginia became a State on the" 20th day
of June, 1803. The act. of July 4, 1864, pro-
vides for claims of loyal citizens in States not
in rebellion. At the time of the passage of
the act of the 4th of July, 1K64, these two coun-
ties were within a loyal State, and the claims
of loyal citizens in the remainder of the coun-
ties in that State have met with no difficulty
at the Department. Ft seems to me an unjust
and offensive discrimination against the loyal
citizens of two counties of the State, that their,
claims should not be heard, while the claims
of the loyal citizens of the other counties in the
State have been adjusted without any difficulty.
West V irginia became a State on the 20th of
June, 1863 j tHs law was passed July 4, 186-i,
more than s 3 tr.fi afterwards, so that these two
counties "Ksre in point of fact a part of the
