1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
express reference to these debts, to look them
up. and see whether they could not he settled,
authority having been given to the Secretary of
the Treasury to compromise certain debts.
The Senator from Kentucky wilt observe that
his call upon the various Departments is unlim-
ited in point of time; it goes back to the foun-
dation of the Government. I presume that the
other honorable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Guthrie,] who was formerly at the head of the
Treasury Department can give more informa-
tion on the subject than I can; but it is appar-
ent to me that it would involve considerable
expense to prepare the information proposed
to be called for. It must take considerable
time to examine the books of the various
Departments in order to make out this list of
defaulting debtors, many of the items of which
have become in a measure obsolete and are
of no sort of consequence; and the list will
be so large, when obtained, that to publish it
will involve the publication of a book again,
upon which my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cowan*] commented yesterday. •
I think the resolution had better lie over, and
let the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis]
take some pains to inquire what would probably
be the result of the call in regard to the em-
ployment of clerks, the examination of books,
and the accumulation of material, the greater
part of which is utterly useless, and in regard
to the expense of the publication of the list,
the result of which would be to lay a book on
our tables to be examined, but upon which
probably no action could bo taken. If the Sen-
ator wants a list covering any particular period
of time let him designate it; but it strikes me
that it is not exactly wise—and perhaps it is
more than the Senator intends—to call for a
very large mass of information and require a
very long examination of the books of the De-
partments. * 1 know that frequently members
wishing to get at a particular thing, which, if
they had been definite, could have been reached
in an hour, make a call for information that
requires the labor of several clerks for weeks
before it can be obtained, and then wonder is
expressed that the answer does not come in at
once, when the result is that, instead of a single
sheet or a single statement, reams of paper
almost are written over with information of no
sort of consequence.
I hope, therefore, that members will be a
little careful in these matters. Making general
calls of this kind occasions expense and trouble
unnecessarily, and which they do not mean to
create when they make the call, being desirous
simply to obtain certain information. By go-
ing to the Department and inquiring in the first
place as to the particular points to which their
inquiry was meant to bo directed, tliey would
be furnished invariably with all the informa-
tion necessary to enable them to reduce their
call to the very point or points on which they
wished to be enlightened.
Mr. DAVIS. Instructed by the remarks of
the honorable Senator who lias just taken his
seat, 1 will restrict this eal! for information to
the period between the tin of March, 1SG1, and
the 80th of June, 3805. the close of the last
fiscal year. Thehonorable Senator from Maine
can strike the rock, and the fountains will flow;
the Departments, with all their archives, are
open to him, but they are not open to some of
the rest of us. He can get information at his
pleasure; some of us cannot. I am induced
to believe, from much that I have heard, that
there is a great degree of culpable carelessness
and of favoritism, if not of corruption, in press-
ing the defaulters to the Government; and my
object is to have a little light thrown upon the
subject for the purpose of having more impar-
tial exertion and effort to collect the debts that
are'due by the public debtors.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
ha\ ing been made to the present consideration
of the resolution, it will lie over under the
rules.
protection 03? fbeed1ien.
• Mr. STEWART. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 9, on which I desire to make a few
remarks.
'The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill fS. No. 9) tomaintainthc
freedom of the inhabitants in the States de-
clared in insurrection aud rebellion by the
proclamation of the President of the 1st of
July, 1802, the question pending being on Mr.
Cowax's motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
duty of the Chair to remark that on a mere
question of reference, it is not allowable to
enter to any great extent into the discussion
of the merits of the measure. A limited dis-
cussion is often allowed. '
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, senti-
ments having been announced on the motion
to refer this bill which I cannot indorse, I am
compelled by a sense of duty to make a few ob-
servations. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate in digressing from the real question at issue
for the purpose of entering my protest against
the attack made by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumxeh] upon the mes-
sage of the President and the report of the
Lieutenant General, and to condemn the kind
of testimony used in support of that attack.
But before 1 enter into a discussion of this evi-
dence, 1 desire to make a few remarks upon
the great questions which have become in-
volved in this debate. Sir. if the Senator from
Massachusetts is right, and the evidence ad-
duced by him establishes that the groat mass
of the people of the South are capable of the
atrocities imputed to them by the - anonymous
witnesses paraded before this Senate, then a
union of these States is impossible, then hun-
dreds of thousands of the bravest and best of
our land have fallen to no purpose, then every
house from the Gulf to the lakes is draped in
mourning without an object, then throe thou-
sand millions of indebtedness hangs like a pall
upon the pride and prosperity of the people
only to admonish us that the war was wicked,
useless, and cruel. But we are 1 old that al-
though we cannot have union, although we can-
not extend the blessing's of the Constitution to
seven millions of our fellow-citizens who reside
in the late rebel States, yet we have conquest
and territorial dominion which we should per-
petuate regardless of ourselves and our poster-
ity. Senators complain of the growing power
of the Executive, and at the same time seek
through him to govern near half the territory of
the United States by the military, which all
must, see will make it the overshadowing power
in the land.
Mr. President, have conquest and dominion
been the mottoes under which millions of the
loyal men of the United States have rallied
round the Pag of their country? On the con-
trary, have not union, freedom, and equality
before the law been the words of inspiration to
the soldier, who poured out his blood as water,
and to the nation, which expended its treasure
as dross? Now that these sacrifices have been
made and the victory won, are we not bound
by every obligation which reverence for the
dead, regard for the living, and fear of God can
inspire, to preserve, not destroy, the Constitu-
tion and Union of these States? Thus far there
are two plans presented to the country for the
reorganization of the Sonlh. The one which
finds favor in Congress—if we were to judge
of the sentiment of that body from those who
talk most—is to govern eleven States as con-
quered provinces by an exercise of power un-
warranted by the Constitution, which must inev-
itably derange, if not de-troy, that charter of
our liberties. This plan trusts all to force, noth-
ing to conciliation ; all to revenge, nothing to
charity. It treats with equal eonti nipt the good
opinion or hatred of seven millions of American
citizens. It disregards the example of Ireland,
where the oppression of Great Britain has pro-
duced millions of enemies, breathing vengeance
from every part of the civilized woild, before
whom crowned heads now tremble. The vast
armies which devour the substance of Europe
and oppress and burden the downtroddenhiasses
with ruinous taxation to hold subjugated pt'o'v"
inces subservient to despotic will, have no warn-
ing for the advocates of this scheme. Butwliatis
the evidence used to induce the Senate to believe
that the exercise of this despotic power is ne^.
cessary ? In judging of testimony upon ordinary
subjects we take into consideration not only
facts stated, but the character and standing of
the witness, his means of information, and lastji
but not least, his appearance upon the stafrff( !
In this, great cause the Senate'properlycall45
upon the chief Executive of the nation for in-'
formation. Was he a witness whose character
and standing before the country would entitle'
his testimony to consideration? Let the voic6
of a great people who have indorsed his patriot-;
ism and his administration answer. W ere his
means of information such as to entitle him to
speak advisedly upon this'subject? Let the ma-
chinery of Government, that collects facts from
every department, civil and military, upon the
table of the Executive, answer. Was not his
appearance before the public in communicating
this testimony to the Senate and the country
such as to remove all grounds of suspicion?
Let the exalted tone, bold and fearless state-
ment, pure and patriotic spirit of both his mes-
sages be his best vindication. In the first het
says:
" I found the States suffering from the effects of a
civil war. 3tesisi-mco to the General Government
appeared to have exhausted itself. The United States
had recovered possession of their forts and arsenals;
and their armies wero in tho occupation of every
State which had attempted to secede. Whether tho
territory within tho limits of those States shouId_ bo
hekl as conquered territory, undei military authority,
emanating from the President as the head of tho
Army, was the first question that presented itself for
decision.
"Kow, military governments, established for air
indefinite period, would have offered no security for
the early suppression of discontent; would have di-
vided the people into the vanquishers and the van-
quished; and v/ould have envenomed hatred rather
than have restored ailcction. Once established, no
precise limit to their continuance was conceivable.
They would have occasioned an incalculable and
exhausting expense. Peaceful emigration to andfrom.
that portion ot the country is one of tho best means
that tan be thought of for the restoration of har-
mony; and that emigration v/ould have been pre-
vented ; tor what emigrant from abroad, what indus-
trious citizen at home, viouid place lumsclf willingly
under military rule? The chicf persons who would
have followed in the train of the Army would have
been dependents on the General Government, ornjen
y.-ho expected profit from the miseries of thcil* erring
fellow-citizens. The powers of patronage and rule
which would have been exercised, under tho Presi-
dent, over avast and populous and natui ally wealthy
region, are greater than, unless under extreme neces-
sity, I should be willing to intrust to any one man;
they arc such as, for myself, I could never, unless on
occasions of great emergency, consent to exercise.
The willful use ot such powers, if continued through
a jjariod of years, v/ould have endangered the purity
of the general administration and the liberties of tho
(States which remained loyal."
Plow plainly he here states the dangers of the
plans proposed by those who would reduce the
South to conquered provinces, and hold them
under military rule, subjugated and degraded
Territories, denied all the rights and privileges
of the Constitution and the Union. How mod- ,
estly and patriotically he declines to assume
such enormous responsibilities. Does not the
passage just read place him before the world a
, disinterested and competent witness upon these
great questions?
He continues;
"Besides, the policy of military rule over a con-
quered terutoiv would have implied that the Statc3
whose inhabitants may havo taken part m the rebel-
lion had, b\ the 2ft of those inhabitants, ceased to
cxi.-t. BuUhc true theory is, that all pretended acts
of section were, from tho beginning, null and void.
The states cannot commit treason, noi Mncen the in-
dividual citizens who may havo committed treason,
anymore than they can make valid treaties or en-
cai-fo in lawful commerce with any loreisn Power.
Hie States attempting to secede placed themselves ia
a condition where their vitality vras impaired, but not
extinguished; their functions suspended, but not de-
S^'\iiut if any State neglects or refuses to perform its
offices there i>' the more need that the General Gov-
ernment should maintain all its authority, and as soon
sis practicable resume the exercise of all its functions.
On this priiu-iple I havo netrd, and havo gradually
and quietly, and by almost imperceptible steps, sought
to restore the ri Jhtiid energy of the General (Govern-
ment 'uid of tho Slater. To that end, provisional
governors5 have been appointed for tho States* con-
ventions called, Governors elected, Legislatures as-
