1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2133
State of West Virginia more than a year before
this act was passed.
The object of the resolution is to correct this
unjust discrimination and official misconstruc-
tion of the law as it really did exist. Congress
has just given its assent to the annexation of
these two counties to West Virginia. There-
fore I trust, not merely for the sake of allow-
ing the loyal men in these two counties to have
their claims adjusted, but for the sake of a
sense of pride on the part of the State of West
Virginia, these two counties may be placed on
an equal footing with all the other counties in
the State.
Mr. CLARK. I have always been in favor
of paying the claims of loyal men in the coun-
'try wherever found; but I hardly see the ne-
cessity of the haste which the Senator from
West Virginia manifests by desiring to have
this resolution considered at the present time,
i do not make objection to its consideration,
but I think it should go to some committee
who should make an examination of it. If it
is all right, there will undoubtedly be a favor-
able report; and it would be more satisfactory
to the Senate to know precisely where we are
going. I do not desire to have it go to the
Committee on Claims, but I think it had bet-
ter go to the Committee on the Judiciary who
had this whole matter under consideration. I
have no doubt they will report at an early day,
and perhaps that will be more satisfactory to
the Senate.
Mr. WILLEY. There being objection on
the part of Senators, of course I do not feel
like urging it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not make an objection
to its present consideration. 1 only point out
the course which I think the resolution had
better take; and I move its reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary, if the Senator
from Illinois will withdraw his motion, because
that committee had the whole matter under
consideration and tliey can report at a verv
early day, should the other bill not pass, which
I think will be satisfactory.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am not particular
about the committee it goes to; but 1 do not
wish to be understood by the Senator from
West Virginia as at all opjiosed to the object
lie has in view. I presume I am for it; I agreed
to the bill which has already been reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary. I with-
draw the motion to refer the resolution to the
Committee on Claims. It is immaterial to me
to what committee it goes.
Mr. CLARK. I move that it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. So far as
informed r>t the present time, I will say to the
Senator from West Virginia that I think I am
entirely in favor of it, but I desire simply to
examine it and know where we arc going.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 110) to pre-
vent tlie introduction of the cholera into the
ports of the United States, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
NAVAL OFFICERS VISITING WASHINGTON.
Mr. CtUTHRIE submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
11'-, That the Secretary of the Navy he re-
quested to ranrniniueatc to the Senate copies of any
or-icts of the Departments which depiive officers of
i ' N::vy whs are not on duty of the privileges of
;'i - of the United States with respect to their priv-
jit oi ]>in-i from one State to another or to the
of V/.i.:hn:'..'toi!: also, whether the Department
j;,iivth.-o'i to permit officers to visit Washington for
the purpose of personal appeal to the President of the
lino ed plates or to Congress in their own eases, and
if so by wii.it authority this right is withdrawn from
them as citizens of the United States.
CAPTURE OF JEim?USO\ DAVIS,
Mr. HOWE. I offer tlie following resolu-
tion and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the Secretary of Yv'ar tie rc'iue-tel
to communicate to the Senate ail evidence upon
■which the award of the commission appointed to
examine the different claims to the reward offered
for the apprehension of Jefferson Davis was based,
and especially copies of the reports of Lieutenant
Colonel D. B. Pritchard, of the fourth Michigan cav-
alry, and of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Harnden, of
thefirst Wisconsin cavalry, togethcrwith copies of the
orders under which the above-named officers respect-
ively acted.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to know if
the purpose of the resolution is to assail the
validity of the award.
Mr. HOWE. I want to get the evidence on
which the award was made. . I do not know
whether I shall assail it or not until I see on
what evidence it was made. I have some
reasons to think, however, that the award is
not justified by the evidence.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has the amount been
distributed?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir, and cannot be, I
take it, until there is an appropriation.
Mr. JOHNSON. I thought there was an
appropriation in advance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will ask whether the present consideration of
the resolution is objected to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I presume the Senator
can get the information he desires by applying
to the Provost Marshal General or to the Sec-
retary of War. I do not know that there is any
particular national importance in the question
whether the lieutenant colonel of a Wisconsin
regiment or the lieutenant colonel of a Michi-
gan regiment receives the money. It has been
carefully adjudicated and decided. I under-
stand that there is a little conllict of opinion
between these two officers as to which is enti-
tled to the reward, 'flic fact is that the Mich-
igan colonel caught him and has been decided
to bo entitled to the money. J do not care who
sees tlie evidence, but I do n^t see what impor-
tance it is to this body.
Mr. COWAN. If this information was com-
municated, and it may lie very voluminous, it
will have to beprinted ; a:id if printed, lor what
purpose? There is no right of appeal that 1
know of to this body unless it should arise when
a question of appropriation comes up. I should
suppose that then it would more properly come
up than now. I have no disposition to enter
into the controversy which exists between Mich-
igan and Wisconsin on this subject. I hope
the services of both in this behalf will be paid,
and well paid, but I do not want to throw good
money away after bad.
Mr. HOWE. I do not understand exactly
the philosophy which controls this discussion.
This resolution simply proposes to ask the Sec-
retary of War to communicate to the Senate
of the United States the evidence upon which
that award was made. 1 take it that evidence
will not hurt the Senate, and it will not hurt
the country. The Senator from Pennsylvania
suggests that there can be no possible good
derived from communicating here the evidence,
because there can be no appeal taken from the
award of these commissioners. I think the Sen-
ator is mistaken about it. An appeal can be
taken. I do not think the award of these com-
missioners binds the Congress.of the United
States to appropriate a dollar unless the Con-
gress of the United States are satisfied Unit the
award is correct and ought to be paid. There
was a bounty olfered to those persons who
should capture Jefferson Davis in his flight. It
has been decided by the officers who were
detailed to examine the question that certain
individuals are entitled to the awaid. I do not
know that the decision is not just. I have an
impression thai it is not just. I think the pub-
lie is in no sort of danger if the Senate is
allowed an opportunity of looking at the evi-
dence and determining for themselves whether
it is correct or not.
I do not know that I shall dissent from the
award. I do not know that the iourth Michi-
gan cavalry did not earn it. I am advised oili-
cially that the fourth Michigan cavalry did not
get it; only a small poriion of the regiment.
If it was earned by that part, my impression is
it was earned by more of the corps than are
allowed to participate in the reward. I do not
undertake to say that the first Wisconsin cav-
alry is entitled to any portion of it. I have a,
decided impression that a portion of the firgt
Wisconsin cavalry is. But let us see the evi-
dence. My friend from Michigan does not
object to that.
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all.
Mr. HOWE. Then let us have it.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is very voluminous.
I suppose it is a large volume, and it will cost
several thousand dollars to publish it. If the
Senator will change his resolution, and ask that
the evidence be furnished to him in manuscript
for his examination, I shall certainly vote for
it. I am in favor of his having it all. I am
satisfied with the award.
Mr. HOWE. The evidence, I think, will
compose about as small a volume as you are
in the habit of seeing, and whether we shall
print it when we get it or not will be a matter
for the Senate to determine when they have
seen it. I think the evidence will consist mainly
of a brief report from Lieutenant Colonel
Pritchard, commanding the fourth Michigan
cavalry, and quite as brief a one from Lieu-
tenant Colonel Harnden, commanding the first
Wisconsin cavalry. That is about all the evi-
dence, I guess, there is on the point. If there
is more, I shall be glad to see it.
Mr. CONNESS. There is much. more.
The resolution was agreed to.
PAY Or ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
joint resolution No. 101, for the relief of cer-
tain officers of the Army.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint res-
olution (II. R. No. 101) for the relief of cer-
tain officers of the Army, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
In every ca°c in which a commissioned offi-
cer actually entered on duty as such, and was
entitled by law to be so mustered in, but by
reason of being killed in battle, captured by
the enemy, or other cause beyond his control,
and without fault or neglect of his own, was
not mustered according to the regulations
within a period of not less than thirty days,
the pay department is to allow to such officer
full pay and emoluments from the date on
which such officer actually entered on such
duty, deducting from the amount paid in
accordance with this resolution all pay actually
received by him for such period.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose to amend the
resolution by striking out in the fourth anc
fifth lines the words " and was entitled by law
to be mustered in as such;" and by striking
out in the eighth line the words " according to
the regulations," and then after the word
"days," in the ninth line, by inserting "from
acceptance of any appointment or actual entry
upon duty, and who was afterward regularly
mustered into the service of the United States."
This amendment has been brought to the atten-
tion of the Committee on Military Affairs, and
I believe I may say that the chairman is satis-
fied witli it and thinks it meets a case which
ought to be provided for. Ihe resolution, if
amended as I propose, would read thus :
That, in every case in which a commissioned officer
actually entered on duty as such commissioned offi-
cer, but by reason of being killed in battle, capture
by the ciiemv, or other cause beyond his control, and
without fault or ncgloct of his own, was not mustered
within a period of not less than thirty days from ac-
ceptance of appointment or actual entry upon duty,
and who was afterward regularly mustered into the
service of the United States, the pay department shall
allow to such otlioer full pay and emoluments from
the d'lte on winch such olheor actually entered on
such dutv as aforesaid, deducting from the amount
paid ill accordance wiih this resolution all pay actu-
ally received by such officer for such period.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sir. SHERMAN. I desire to suggest that
there is one difficulty in the resolution as it
!! now stands, it speaks of an officer who, has
!i uol been mustered in by reason of having been
ii killed in battle; and then it goes onto provide
|i that afterward, if regularly mustered into the
!; service of the United States, he shall have his
il pav. Certainly the condition would not arise
II after he has been killed; he cannot then be
