4034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
July 23,
Mr. THIMBLE. Will the gentleman from
California yield to me for a question ?
Mr. HIGBY. I-will.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Oalifornta to say that the Commit-
tee on Mines and Mining have had this bill
under consideration and unanimously recom-
mend its passage ?
Mr. HIGBY. They have had before them
a bill precisely similar, word for word, and have
unanimously agreed to report it.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Let me ask one further
question: has the same bill, or a bill substan-
tially the same, received the approval of a ma-
jority of the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. HIGBY. My colleague, [Mr. McRcer,]
who is a member of the committee will answer
that question. I have understood from Mm
that such is the fact.
Mr. McRUER. The majority of the com-
mittee are ready to vote in favor of reporting
the bill whenever an opportunity is afforded
to them.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Do I understand that they
have had the bill before them and that a ma-
jority of the committee are willing to report it?
Mr. HIGBY. They have had before them
the Senate bill, which is precisely similar.
Now, Mr. Speaker, having given a history
of this bill, let me say a few words as to its
merits. Sir, the bill does not contain a single
sentence which will compel any miner, if it
becomes a law, to purchase one foot of min-
eral lands. It leaves untouched a large class
-of mineral lands, to be occupied as they have
been for the last fifteen or seventeen years.
I refer to the placer mines, the deep-shaft
claims, the tunnel claims, and the hydraulic
claims, where they have, by hydraulic power,
washed down hills fifty, seventy-five, and even
one hundred feet high. All these different
classes of mines are left by this bill as they
have been for fifteen or seventeen years, to be
occupied by the pepple of the country. Such
is the first section of the bill; and not only
does it leave that class of claims, but it leaves
the other class of claims, in reference to which
provision is made in the second section, to
precisely the same rules and regulations and
the same conditions. All manner of mining is
left open preeesely as heretofore, and it is left
optional, as you may see by the second sec-
tion, with those who have quartz claims, by
taking a certain course, to finally get a patent
from the General Government. They are not
compelled to take this course, but may do so
if a patent title is desirable.
I will say further, Mr. Speaker, if a man has
a quartz claim, holding it under the rules and
regulations and customs of miners, if he does
not see fit to take this step to get a patent from
the General Government there is no man or
company of men who can, under the provisions
of this bill, force him or a company to leave
the claim and give them an opportunity to pro-
ceed to obtain a patent for the same. The
simplest proposition in the world is contained
in this bill. It is but one proposition, and that
is to leave the whole mineral district as here-
tofore, only saying that what the Government
has tolerated for fifteen or seventeen years
shall now be legalized by the Government.
"With millions, tens of millions, ay, many tens
of millions of property in these mines, yet
there are men entirely ignorant of this matter
who seem to be determined to destroy the great
interest we have acquired by fifteen years of
labor. I say to this House that all these men
who go upon mineral lands want is that their
occupancy shall be their title for the time be-
ing. They do not want anything else.
Mr. Speaker, I wish now to say a word to
this House why it is we are anxious to have
some legislation at this session. It is true
that it is late in having a bill prepared in the
Senate, but this, like other important mat-
ters, takes time for consideration. It has
to be amended and reamended and amended
again, so as to get it in such shape that it will
meet the concurrence of the various executive
branches of Government, the Representatives
of the mineral belt-and of the Senate. Thus
it has come here late, thus it passed the Sen-
ate late, thus it comes to the House late, and
at a time when I would have forborne to say
anything on the subject, much less to enter
into any lengthy debate, if the opposition came
from an honest and sincere heart, as it is per-,
fectly evident that it does not.
Sir, I will state the reason for this bill. As was
well said by my colleague in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress in its last session a bill was introduced
by the Committee on Public Lands. It was
crude anddeformed. Ithad notasingle feature
in it that could be adapted to the mineral lands.
If it had been enforced as law in any mineral
district in ten years that district would have
been a desolation. The chairman of that com-
mittee has brought forward another bill this
session. Ithas been reported. I do not know
whether a speech has been made upon it at this
session, but there was one at the last session.
It has been printed and sent back to that com-
mittee ; and a report was made by that com-
mittee which came from the chairman. It is but
a mere string of glittering generalities. There
is not a particle of anything applicable to the
question one way or the other. As I have said,
these bills have been printed. Boys of twelve
years old all along the mineral belt know what
the gentleman from Indiana has been doing.
They know that he is at the head of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. The people there
keep close wateh of what is being done here.
Sir, capital ready to go there hesitates and will
not go. Capital already invested hesitates to
add capital to carry on improvements. Why?
Because of this very bill which the gentleman
has reported at this session. Let it become a
law and be enforced, and from one half to two
thirds of the valuation of property in the min-
eral districts would be wasted by such a propo-
sition in one years time after its enforcement.
Mr. Speaker, I have said that different De-
partments of the Government had sanctioned
this bill; and I send up to the Clerk to be read,
as a part of my remarks, a few lines written on
the back of the bill by the Secretary of the In-
terior. When these lines have been read I
demand the previous question on the bill and
the pending amendment.
Mr. KASS0N\ Before the question is put
I would ask the member from California
whether, in case the motion to commit the
bill is defeated, he will then allow me to offer
the amendment which I have already explained
to the House.
Mr. HIGBY. I do not know that I have
any objection to allowing a vote to be taken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
when the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kassox]
was upon the floor'by the permission of the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Higby,] he
indicated certain amendments which he pro-
posed to offer with a view of perfecting the
amendment of the Senate. But previous to
that time the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Juliax] had moved to commit the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands, which of course
prevented any amendment being offered. If
there be no objection tho amendments indi-
cated by the gentleman from Iowa will bo con-
sidered as pending.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I object.
Mr. KASSON. Then I hope the bill will be
committed.
Mr. HIGBY. I now ask for the reading of
the indorsement upon the bill which I send up.
The Clerk read as follows:
I have read the within bill. I do not hesitate to
say that I heartily approve its principles and the
policy indicated for the disposition of the mineral
lands. JAMES HARLAN.
July 23,1866.
The previous question was seconded and the
main.question ordered ; being first upon Mr.
Julian's motion to commit the bill to the
Committee on Public«Lands.
Mr. JULIAN demanded the yeas and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. Julias's motion was disagreed tqr-ayes
seventeen, noes not counted.
The question recurred ujjon the amendment
submitted by Mr. Julian for the amendment
of the Senate, and being put, the said amend-
ment was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon agreeing
to the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. JULIAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 37, not voting
71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Anderson, Dclos
R. Ashley, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bergen, Bidwell,
Boycr, Broomall, Buekland, Sidney Clarke, Cobb,
Conkling, Davis, Dawson, Eggleston, Eldridge, Farns-
worth,Ferry, Glossbrenner, Abner 0. Harding, Hart,
Hayes, Higby, Hogan, Hotchkiss, John H.Hubbard,
JamesR. Hubbell, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Johnson, Kel-
ley, Kerr, Koontz, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Lb
Blond, Marshall. McClurg.McRuer, Morris, Muulton,
Myers, Newell, Niblaek,Nicholson, O'Neill,Perham,
Price, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Hit-
ter, Sawyer, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Strouse,
Taber, Taylor, John L. Thomas, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Burt, Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Welker, Whaley, Williams, Stephen I". Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Baker, Bingham, Boutwell.Brom-
well. Reader W. Clarke, Dawes. Defrees, Delano,
Eliot, Finck, Aaron Harding, Holmes, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D.Hubbard, Jenckes, Julian, Kas-
son, Kuykendall, Latham, William Lawrence, Loan,
Marston, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Orth, Paine,
Pike,Plants, Radford, Rollins, Ross,Scofield, Shella-
barger, Stevens, Thornton, and James l'\ Wilson—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Beaman, Benjamin, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler, Cook, Cullom, Culver,
Darling, Doming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Farqnhar, Garfield, Good-
year, Grider, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Hen-
derson,. Hill. Hooper, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N.
Hubbell, Humphrey, Jones, Kelso, Ketcham, Long-
year, Lyneh.'Marvin, McCullough, Mclndoe, JlcKee,
Morrill, Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rogers,
Scbenck, Sloan,Smith, Starr, Stilwell,Thayer, Fran-
cis Thomas, Upson, Van Aernam, Warner, Elihu B.
Washburne, Ilenry D.Washburn, William B.Wash-
burn, Weutworth, Winfield, and Wright—71.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found correctly enrolled
bills of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 236) to authorize the con-
struction of certain bridges and to establish
them as post roads ;
An act (S. No. 123) granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Central Pacific railroad of Cali-
fornia, to Portland in Oregon ; and
An act (S. No. 269) to define the number
and regulate the appointment of officers in the
Navy, and for other purposes.
ASSAULT UPON A CLERK.
Mr. ALLEY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. The special committee, to whom was
referred the investigation of the assault upon
Uriah H.- Painter by B. P. Beveridge, have
instructed me to report the testimony, with the
accompanying resolution, which I send to the
Clerk's desk and ask to have passed.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed
to deliver into the cu&tody of the civil authorities
Benjamin E. Beveridge, and to prosecute the said
Beveridge before the criminal court in this District
for an assault upon tho person of Uriah H. Painter,
an officer of this House, within the walls of the Cap-
itol, and that the evidenco taken in the case by the
special committee of the House be delivered to the
United States district attorney for this District.
Mr. ALLEY. I will not ask for the reading
of the testimony, as it is very voluminous, but
I will state as briefly as may be the facts of the
case. [Several members," Oh, no; let us vote.'' ]
It seems to me that this is a very important
matter, and that it should not be disposed of
without some reference to the testimony, in-
volving as it does the liberty of a citizen. As
