3094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
of Massachusetts, p'ayed exactly the same role
as did Governor Magoffin in 1861. I want to
call the attention of the House to the coarse
Massachusetts then pursued. Holland, in the
History of Western Massachusetts, volume one,
page -uses the following language:
'J The authorities of the United States and the gov-
ernment of Massachusetts came early in collision.
Governor Strong w;isdisposed to astriet construction
of the Constitution; and as he, like the Northamp-
ton convention, eould not seo in the occasion any
laws of the Union to bo executed, insurrections to be
suppressed, or invasions to bo repelled, ho declined
accession to tho requisition made for Massachusetts
troops, to be placed at the command of the Presi-
dent."
Ah! is that the law? Is that the liberty the.
Senator from Massachusetts would teach us?
Would he teach us to disobey the laws of the
land, and skulk when called upon to fight tho
common enemy?
We have no such record as that in Kentucky.
When Governor Magoffin was called upon to
supply the quota of Kentucky of the seventy-
five thousand men called oat by the President,
what did he do? He said that he would not
give a man to the cause. He could not wait
to write it, so he telegraphed it. The people
of Massachusetts sustained Governor Strong.
It is, therefore, with just pride that I draw a
comparison between the people of Massachu-
setts and the people of Kentucky, (iovcrnor
Magoffin refused to furnish men and arms, but
what did the people of the State do? They fur-
nished ninety thousand men lo put down the
rebellion. They appointed a military commis-
sion over Magoffin's head. They did not refuse
to stand by the Government., as in the case of
Massachusetts. There were men who, in spite
of the Governor's proclamation, in spite of tho
authorities of the State, raised troops in defense
of the Government, and when the time came
they were there ready to do their duty, and
did it.
Contrast Kentucky with Massachusetts. Con-
trast her with any State. She was called upon
to .strike tho enemies of the nation in the late
rebellion, anil she said, ''As our brethren,
kindred, and friends are in tho rebel army, let
us wait a little. Lot us have'a little time. Let
us not light until wc can talk the matter over.
Do not insist that brothers shall plunge the
bayonet into each other's breasts until wo can
have an opportunity to try other means of set-
tlement." But how was it with Massachusetts
in the war of 181:2? Not a man raised his arm
against a foreign enemy. They were a law-
abiding people (?) and obeyed their authori-
ties, and refused to come to the aid of the
country.
Kentucky has begged the northern people to
stand by the principles upon which we fought.
Wo begged 3 ou to recognize the good men of
the South so that what was known as tho Union
party there might exist. But you turned your
backs coldly upon us; you would not even hear
ns. Vv hen you had few friends there we stood
true to you and to tho Government. AU the
denunciations of our enemies could not drive
us from the Government and its friends. We
were denounced as llessians, as Yankees, and
Lincoln hirelings. Why cannot you have the
independence as your friends had there to over-
come party iccling and stand upon the princi-
ples of your own platform at the outset of the
war?
1 ask theprofessed Union men of this House
why they have abandoned us and the cause of
the Union. It has been the constant habit here
to make flings at my native State. I have told
you what Massachusetts has been. I do not
abuse the masses of that State. As I said be-
fore, I would be ashamed to hold.them respon-
sible for the acts of their ancestors. I only ask
that they shall not, like Pharisees, insist that
they are better than all other men, or that then-
State is better than all other States of tho Union.
But again, Massachusetts was the first State
in this Union where treason reared its ugly
head. Holland, in his history, already referred
to, gives an account of Shays's rebellion in
Massachusetts. Of all the traitors in that re-
bellion but Qne man was punished, and that by
being forced to sit upon the-gallows with the
rope about his neck for one hour. Shays him-
self, being pardoned by the Governor of Mas-
sachusetts, afterward drew a pension from the
United States Government, for revolutionary
services, till the daj^of his death.
Such is Massachusetts, who thanks God that
she is not like other States, and such is Ken-
tucky, who thanks God that she is no worse
than she is. It is an easy thing to say hard
words, to abuse and denounce men and com-
munities ; but, sir, of all the States in the
Union—I say it without fear of contradiction—
none has done so much, considering.her means
and resources, as the State of Kentucky to put
down the late rebellion. In 1861, divided as she
was, she took up arms and kept herself in the
Union. Missouri and Maryland remained be-
cause Kentucky remained, and in my judgment
by that saved the Onion.
I know it is said by some northern non-
combatants, stay-at-home patriots, that they
would have been glad if Kentucky had se-
ceded so that they might have whipped her
back. I would like to see these persons try
it. Why, sir, if you had changed the two
hundred and fifty thousand soldiers from the
loyal to the rebel side in the States of Mary-
land, Missouri, and Kentucky, do you think
you would have conquered the rebellion? As
it was, the best men often doubted tho result;
it was doubted what would be the result; and
yet gentlemen who never whipped anybody
talk about whipping back Kentucky I
I might to-day denounce the leading men
who gave us all this trouble, the persistent
rebels, such as Wise and Slidell, according to
the feeling of resentment which 1 entertain for
them, if it had not already been done on this
door to such an extent that I am ashamed to
add anything further.
We talk often aboutguarantees. Guarantees
for what ? Are you afraid of tho rebels? They
are disarmed, helpless, and prostrate, and un-
able, if they would, to trouble you any more ;
and yet you demand guarantees. Gratantees
such as the lion might ask from his victim
crushed and overcome. Wo are strong; we
have all the arms and munitions of war, all the
armies and all the resources ; wo have a starv-
ing, humiliated, dying people prostrate before
us, and yet we talk of guarantees 1
| Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WJNDOM obtained the floor.
Mr. ROGERS. I hope tho time of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky will bo extended.
Mr. PRICE. I must object to any extension
of time.
Mr. BANKS. I trust the gentleman's time
will be extended. It is a courtesy which has
always been granted to gentlemen heretofore
this session.
The SPEAKER. It can only bo done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DUMONT. I appeal to the gentleman
from Iowa to allow the time of the gentleman
from Kentucky to be extended.
Mr. PRICE. I would do so cheerfully,
but there are other parties whose rights are
involved.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. I trust the gentleman
from Iowa will not persist in his objection.
There has not been a single occasion when this
privilege has been asked by gentlemen upon the
other side of the House that it has not been
unanimously granted.
Mr. ROGERS. Always.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. There has never been
an occasion on which it has not been unani-
mously accorded by us.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to an
extension of the time of the gentleman from
Kentucky?
Mr. PRICE. I was only acting as the agent
for other parties. I am perfectly willing that
the gentleman should go on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the gentleman from Kentucky will
proceed.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I am obliged to the gen-
tleman from Iowa, whether acting as the agent
of others, or acting for himself, and to the
House for the courtesy extended to me.
I was saying that we constantly hear talk
here about guarantees. I ask, what do we
want with guarantees from the insurrectionary
States? What right has the nation to ask guar-
antees from a portion of the people? A guar-
antee, to be worth anything, and mean any-
thing, ought to be binding on all the people
and all the States alike. I deny the right to
demand of Massachusetts guarantees which
are not demanded of South Carolina, and vice
versa. I insist that a guarantee, to be binding
at all, ought to be bindingupon the whole peo-
ple of the United States. And, sir, it is a paltry
excuse to talk about danger from the southern
States. We have conquered the people there.
They will never be in power again in our time,
and perhaps never again as compared with the
balance of the nation. Mr. Speaker, the men
who have put down this rebellion, the soldiers
of the war, have no fear of the rebels either
with or without arms, and, sir, strip them as
they are now stripped, and who can lay his
hand upon his heart and say that he fears them ?
I said, sir, awhile ago, that flings had been
constantly made at my native State, in my
hearing, upon this floor; and last and least
of all things and everybody, let us give a mo-
ment's attention to the member from Iowa,
[Mr. Grinnell.] who first assailed her here.
Shortly after Congress assembled he assailed
my State and myself; he charged that I had
degraded my native State by saying that I would
defend my family against the agents of the
Frcedmen's Bureau. That member was pleased
to say on the floor, in answer to a suggestion
of my colleague, [Mr. Smith,] that he did not
know whether I had fought four years on the
rebel side or on the Federal side in the late war.
I had under my command and fighting under
me from that member's State, some of the
bravest troops from any State in the Union. I
was in the war from the beginning of it until
the end. In the Northwest I was known to
have been in the Federal Army; but that mem-
ber said he did not know whether I was on the
rebel or the Federal side. I do not suppose a
member in the House believed one word of
what he said.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. ROUSSEAU. No, sir; I cannot be in-
terrupted now. I wish to say that when a
member can so far depart from what everybody
believes he ought to know, and does know is the
truth, it is a degradation, not to his State, for
he cannot degrade her, but to himself. Iowa
is not to be degraded by any one or even by
all of her members on this floor. She is a gal-
lant State, and I know what her people are.
Mr. Speaker, this Congress must soon ad-
journ, and when it does we will submit the
question which this Congress has failed to set-
tle to the people of the United States. I have
no doubt of the result of that submission. I
do not believe that the Union men of this nation
will either sec this Government go to pieces or
see a reunion obstructed or procrastinated. I
think they believe that peace means something;
that it does not mean war at the ballot-box,
war in the churches, war in social life, but that
they believe that peace will be promoted by the
restoration of the Union.
I believe the soldiers of this nation will take
care of the Government they have saved, and,
for one, I will join in_ an appeal to them to
come forward and maintain that Government
and take care of it now, as they did in the
days of the rebellion. The soldiers of this
country will not turn a deaf ear to those who
desire to save^ the Government from every
enemy. We will appeal to them as we did in
time of danger and of death, and they will
respond as they did then, when they fought
with but one purpose on earth, and that was to
save the Government.
And you may husband all your powers of
denunciation, all your sources of irritation;
ypu may appeal to all the bad feelings and pas-
sions, because they have stood you in good
stead heretofore. If ever you yield for one
