1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The first act of the First Congress was to pre-
scribe the oath of office, and which was as fol-
lows :
"That theoathor affirmation required by thesixth
article of the Constitution of the United States shall
be administered in the following form, to wit: I, A
B, do solemnly swear or affirm (as the ease may, be)
that 1 will support the Constitution of the United
States."
I do not pretend to say that the Constitution
will require the oath to be in these precise, words.
Congress may very properly require the party
to swear that he will faithfully discharge the
duties of the office on which he is about to enter,
but I do say that the oath provided for in the
Constitution cannot be so substantially and ma-
terially changcd as to operate to add xk w and
OTimrt qualifications for holdingthe office than
those provided for in the instrument itself. If
it can be. and the taking of such oath required
as an essential prerequisite to the exercise of
the oflieo, then, indeed. Congress can most ef-
fectually defeat the purposes of the Constitu-
tion and the rights of the people.
Sir, the right to hold a seat on this floor is
denned and provided for under the Constitu-
tion, and does not depend so much upon the
determination of this House, as it does upon
the legal voters of the proper districts, and the
qualifications clearly defined by the Constitu-
tion. Hut the exclusive right to judge ' * of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members/' has been expressly conferred upon
this Jjouse, and it would be false to iUelf and
to the country if it .should neglect the fair and
constitutional exercise of this liigh and neces-
sary pow er in e\ ery ease whei e it is called upon
to act. It would, however, be a most wicked
and monstrous pen ersion of t his power should
a party majority ever be found so corrupt, as to
use it for the purpose of maintaining its as-
cendency, by depm ingtlie people of any of the
districts in the Union from being represented
on this floor, through members constitutionally
elected and possessing the requisite qualifica-
tions.
Sir, considering the present condition of af-
fairs, 1 do not believe the people of the South
will send men heie who would be wanting in
fidelity to the Constitution.
It will be their interest to send only such
Representatives as are determined to support
and defend the Constitution aud preserve the
Union.
Those people will never again at tempt to break
up the Union. Their interest and prosperity
in the lutiti e are only to be advanced in main-
taining the Constitution and the Union against
all those who won hi seek their overt hi ow. The
danger of the hour is not now .'jt'et'sxion; that
has been met aud overcome, but it, is a danger
in a (lijJ'rrcnl <1 ircclion. It is, sir, the danger
of the reiiti!(!i;:a{iaii of power in the Federal
Government.
Certainly, sir, no man who is not fixed and
determined in his purpose to support and defend
theConstitution and maintain the Union ought
to be sent here; and 1 trust no man who is not
thus sincere and patriotic in his purposes,
whether he comes from the North or the South,
will cvei occupy a seat in those Halls.
And here allow me to read an extract from
a very able and patriotic address made a few
weeks since by the President, in reply to a
committee (rum the Legislature of tlu: State of
Virginia :
"On the cardinal principle) of representation to
which you roici, I will make a single remark. That
principle ismhorent; U conMiitite^oue ol'thefunda-
uienKil element"- of (his (iovemmcnt. The llepie-
sentative^ of the States and oi flic people should have
the c^ualdi<- iimih prescribed by (lie ('(institution of
the United ►>tylc-\ and those quahOcations most un-
questionably imply loyalty, He who comes a a a
Representative, having the (nullifications prescribed
by the Constituiion to tit him to take ascat in either
of the deliberative bodies which constitute the na-
tionalLcsislature, must necessarily, according- to the
intendmentof the Constitution, be a loyal man, will-
ing to abide by and be devoted to the I'nion and the
constitution ot the States. lie cannot be for the Con-
stitution, he cannot be for the Union, he cannot ac-
knowledge obedti-noe to all the laws, unless lie is?
loyal. W hen the people send such men in good faith,
they are entitled to representation through them.''
But suppose; Mr. Speaker, that T am mis-
taken as to the* constitutionality of the test
oath, there are other reasons which I desire to
state very briefly to the House, why, in my
judgment, it should be repealed.
Test oaths have never been favored. They
are inconsistent with the legislation and spirit
of a free people.
This act ol' 1862 was one of the measures
which grew out of the war, and should pass away
with the war which has ended.
The effect of the oath is to exclude almost an
entire population of a large section of the coun-
try from holding any oflice whatever under the
General Government. I submit with great con-
fidence that the continuance of this oath can-
not result in any good to the country. The
rebellion has ended, and the people of the late
insurgent States are hereafter to be associated
with us as citizcnsof the same Government.
Jt seems to me that every consideration of
duty and patriotism unite in urging us to so
shape our legislation as to harmonize the coun-
try and restore kind and fraternal relations be-
tween the two sections.
Certainly no man can entertain any well-
grounded apprehensions that there will ever
occur a repetition of the attempt to break up
the Union by secession; and if there should,
test oaths would have but little influence in
pieveuting it.
Sir, the best possible security we have against
any further attempt at secession consists in this
one great fact, the idler aud complclti failure of
the laic rcbi'Ilioii.
Mr. Speaker, yon never will, nor will our
children who comeafter us, over hear of another
attempt at secession made by the people of the
South.
Sir, the sad lessons of the last four years will
be our firmest bulwark against its repetition.
It has been settled by the war more firmly than
constitutional amendments or test oaths piled
mountains high could settle it, that a State has
no right to withdraw from this Union, and this
decision will not and cannot be reversed.
It has boon settled beyond any question, that
we are to be one people, having one Federal
Government and one flag.
Now, what is our duty to the people of the
South? Is it to crush them, and while we im-
pose upon them the burdens of Government
exclude them from its benefits? Is it, sir, to
seek by our legislation to degrade them and
make them outlaws? We have determined that
they shall remain with us, citizens of the same
common Government. Shall they remain with
us as our equals or not?
Sir, 1 rejoice that the rebellion has been
crushed, and (hat these people have returned
to their full and complete allegiance to the Con-
stitution : but I want them to return, not as an
inferior or degraded people, but in their true
manhood, as the equals of the people of every
other State. "We must have confidence in them.
They aud their children tiro destined to live
with us and our children for generations to
come. K is best, sir, in my judgment, that we
should live together on terms of friendship and
equality.
Sir, a wise and patriotic President, rising
above the miserable and pctry passions and
prejudices of the hour, has, with a generous
clemency aud magnanimity which become the
exalted station that he occupies, set us an ex-
ample which it would be well for us not to for-
get. On the 20th day of }Jny last he issued his
proclamation granting pardon and amnesty,
with a few exceptional cases, to the entire peo-
ple of the late insurgent States who had been
engaged in the rebellion.
There can bo no controversy about the power
in the President to grant such pardon and am-
nesty. The Constitution, article two, section
two, declares that "he shall have power to grant
reprieves and pardons for offenses against the
United States, except in cases of impeach-
ment.'' This power thus granted by the Con-
stitution is placed beyond the control or reach
of Congress. It is absolute and unqualified,
except as to cases of impeachment, and may be
exercised either before trial or after conviction.
But Congress did by the act approved July 17,
1862, fully rccognize this wise and just power,
and did in the act "to suppress insurrection,"
&c.,bythe thirteenth section, provide as fol-
lows :
" Sec. 13. And bcit further cnoctcd, That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized, at any time hereafter, by
proclamation, to extend to persons who may havo
participated in the existing rebellion in any State, or
part thereof, pardon and amnesty, with such excep-
tions, and at such time, and on such conditions, ash©
may deem expedient for the public welfare."
Thus we see how fully and completely the
President was and is clothed with the power
to grant pardon and amnesty to all "who may
have participated in the" late "rebellion;"
and Congress, by the section already quoted,
has solemnly committed itself in favor of the
existence and exercise of the power.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me inquire what was
the effect of this proclamation of the 29th of
May, 18Go?
The rebellion having been completely sup-
pressed, the President, with a wise and gener-
ous clemency which will live in history to his
honor for all time to come, said to almost an
entire people, You have wandered from the
path of duty; in a fatal hour you have sought
to break up the Union of our fathers j but you
have acknowledged your great error, and seek
again to return to the protection of that flag
which has been planted in the capital of every
State of this Union. AVe receive you back, and
the offenses committed by you in attempting to
withdraw from the Union, are now blotted oat
and pardoned, on the condition that you shall
renew your allegiance to the Constitution ; show
the sincerity of your return by your fidelity to
that Constitution and Union in the future. The
effect was to remove entirely and completely,
before the law, the crime which was included
in the pardon, with all its legal consequences;
and I beg to call the attention of the House to
a few authorities on this question. Chief Jus-
tice Marshall, in the case of the United States
tw. "Wilson, 7 Peters, 102, speaking on this sub-
ject of pardons in Kngland, said:
"As the power hasbcen exercised from time imme-
morial by the Kxeeutive of that nation whoso lan-
guage is our language, and to whose judicial institu-
tions ours bear a close resemblance, we adopt their
principles respecting the operation and effect of a par-
don, and look into their books for the rules prescrib-
ing the manner in which it is to boused by thepeison
who would avail himself of it."
In 7 Bacon's Abridgment, page 410, it is said:
" It was formerly doubted whether a pardon could
do nunc than take away the punishment, lea\ ingtho
crime and its disabling consequences unremoved.
But it is now settled that a pardon, whether bv tho
king or by act of Pailiament, icmoves not only tho
punishment but all the l<"jnl disabilities* consequent on
the crimc."
The doctrine is thus stated in 1 Bishop on
Criminal Law, 71! :
"The effect of a full pardon is to absolve the party
from all the legal consequences of his crime, and oi*hia
com iction direct and collateral, including the pun-
ishment whether of imprisonment, pecuniary penalty,
or whatever else the law provided."
Also in 5 Bacon's Abridgment it is laid
down:
"It seems agreed that a pardon of treason or felony,
even atter an attainder, so far clears the party from
tho infamy, and all other eonscquences thereof, that
he may have an action against any who shall aftcr-
' ward call him a traitor or felon, for the pardon makes
him avS it were a nkw max."
Blackstone says:
"A pardon may be pleaded in bar as at once de-
stroying tho end and purpose of the indictmcnt, by
remitting the punishment which the prosecution is
calculated to indict."
Also:
"Theeffcct of such a pardon by the king is to make
the offender anew man ; to acquit him of all corporal
imnishment aud forfeitures annexed to that offense
for which he obtains his pardon."
In Lilly's Abridgment the doctrine is thus
laid down:
" A pardon doth discharge not only the punishment
which was to have been inflicted upon the person that
did commit the offense pardoned, but also the guilt
of the offense itself. It pardons culpa so clearly that
in the eye of the law the offender is as innocent as if
he had never committed the offense.''
The same doctrine is substantially recognized
and approved in the case of Cope vs. The Com-
monwealth, 28 Pennsylvania State Reports.
