110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
gambled, and Senators and Representatives chosen to
the Congress of the United States. At the same time
the courts of the United States, as far as could be done,
have been reopened, so that the laws of the United
States may be enforced through their agency. The
blockade has been removed, and the custom-houses
reestablished in ports of entry, so that the revenue of
the United States may be collected. The Post Office
Department renews its ceaseless activity, and the Gen-
eral Government is thereby enabled to communicate
promptly with its officers and agents. The courts bring
security to persons and property; the opening of the
ports invites therestorati on of industry and commerce;
thepost office renews the facilities of social intercourse
and of business. And is it not happy for us all, that
the restoration of each one of these functions of the
General Government brings with it a blessing to the
States over which they extended ? Is it not a sure
promise of harmony and renewed attachment to the
Union that, after all that has happened," the return of
the General Government is known only as a benefi-
cence?"
There again he maintains a perfect consist-
ency with the theory of this war, that it was
prosecuted for the preservation of the Union,
not for its destruction, or the annihilation of
its component parts. But he frankly admits
the difficulties which all have felt and which all
still feel. He says:
"I know very well that this policy is attended with
gome risk; that for its sueccss it requires at least the
acquiescence of the States which it concerns; that it
implies an invitation to those States, by renewing
their allegiance to the United Slates, to resume their
functions as States of the Union. But it is a risk that
must be taken; in the choice of difficulties, it is the
smallest ri3k; and to diminish, and, if possible, to re-
move all danger, I have felt it incumbent on me to
assert one other power of the General Government—
the power of pardon. As no State can throw a de-
fense over the crime of treason, the power of pardon
is exclusively vested in the executive government of
the United States. In exercising that power, I have
taken every precaution to connect it with the clear-
est recognition of the binding force of the Jaws of the
United States, and an unqualified acknowledgment
of the great social change of condition in regard to
slavery which has grown out of the war."
Upon the subject of the amendment of the
Constitution abolishing slavery, the President
uses the following language:
" The next step which I have taken to restore the
constitutional relations of the States has been an^n-
vitation to them to participate in the high office of
amending the Constitution. Every patriot must wish
for a general amnesty at the earliest epoch consistent
with the public safety. For this great end there is
need of a concurrence of all opinions, and the spirit
of mutual conciliation. All parties in the late terri-
ble conflict must work together hi harmony. Itisnot
too much to askt-<n the name of the whole people,
that, on the one side, the plan of restoration shall
proceed in conformity with a willingness to cast the
disorders of the past into oblivion ; and that, on the
other, the evidence of sincerity in the future mainte-
nance of the Union shall be put beyond any doubt by
the ratification of the proposed amendment to the
Constitution, which provides for the abolition of sla-
very forever within the limits of our country. S olonpr
as the adoption ol this amendment is delayed, so long
will doubt and jealousy and uncertainty piovail.
This is the measure which will efface the sad mem-
ory of the past; this is the measure which will most
certainly call population and capital and sccuniy to
those parts of the Union that need them most. In-
deed, it is not too much to ask of the States which are
now resuming their places in the family of the Union
to give this pledge of perpetual loyalty and peace.
"Until it is done, the past, however much we may
desire it, will not, bo forgotten. The adoption of the
amendment reunites us beyond all power ol disrup-
tion. It heals the wound that is still imperfectly closed;
_ it removes slavery, theelementwhichhasso longpcr-
* ploxed and divided the country; it makes of us once
more a united people, renewed and strengthened,
bound more than ever to mutual alfection and support.
"The amendment to the Constitution being adopt-
ed, it would remain for the States, whose powers have
been so Ion? in abeyance, to resume their places in
the two branches of the national Legislature, and
thereby complete the work of restoration. Here it
is for you. kliow-citi/.ens of the Senate, and tor you,
fellow-eiiizens of the House of Representatives, to
judge, each of you for yourselves of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of your own members."
This amendment the Secretary of State, as
provided by law, lias proclaimed to the world
is now a part of the Constitution, and that, too,
by the concurrence of several of the latelv re-
bellious States, eight of those States being re-
quired to constitute the requisite majority. By
this proclamation the honorable Secretary,
whose ago, learning, and eminent public ser-
vices eommandrespect both at home and abroad,
lias unmistakably pronounced his solemn opin-
ion that North and South Carolina, Georgia,
Alabama, Louisiana, Arkansas, Tennessee, and
Yireinia are States in the Union. But suppose
he is wrong, and they are not States in the
Union, no one doubts the power of Congress
to mako them such by recognizing them as
States; and in either event we have this con-
stitutional amendment the supreme law of the
land. By it four million slaves are set free,
and slavery forever made impossible within the
limitsof the United States. But what makes this
constitutional amendment a practical, living
thing, is the power given to Congress to euforce
it by appropriate legislation. It is to be hoped
the exercise of this power will be rendered un-
necessary by the conduct of the States con-
cerned.
The simple fact that we possess the power
must have a salutary effect in constraining the
local authorities to accord the freedman his
natural rights. For the purpose of asserting this
power a-bill is already before the Judiciary
Committee authorizing the President, to con-
tinue the Freedmen's Bureau in an effective
form so long as abuses may exist in any of the
States, and to withdraw the same whenever
the good order of society and the safety of
the freedmen no longer require its protection,
and again to reinstate it whenever new abuses
shall arise requiring the exercise of its power.
Through this constitutional agency the General
Government may redeem its solemn pledge of
emancipation, so far as to confer upon all men,
without regard to color, perfect equality before
the law. May not the freedmen be as well pro-
tected, if this view of the constitutional amend-
ment be correct, by the strong arm of the Gov-
ernment while we recognize no State as having
been out of the Union, as by that other theory
of State destruction and territorial subjection ?
In the one case military power may or may
not be used, depending upon the good faith
and fair dealing of the States themselves, which
every principle of interest and humanity must
induce them to exercise toward their emanci-
pated slaves. • But in the other case, military
power is the only remedy proposed ; 110 oppor-
tunity to do voluntary justice is offered, but
a conclusive presumption of guilt is indulged
upon evidence 01 unknown letter-writers. What
more do gentlemen want than a submission to
the laws and a willingness to return to the
Union?
Gentlemen say they wish security for the
future. What security can we have that they
will obey the laws more than the assurance of
tho chief Executive and the Lieutenant Gen-
eral that order and civil authority are being
rapidly restored? "What stronger proof can we
have of their repudiation of secession than the
fact that their Senators and Kepreseutatives
are now knocking for admission into the Halls
of Congress? "tt hat stronger guarantee of the
cifectua! abolition of slavery and the restora-
tion to civil lights of the freedmen can be given
than the pledge iccoided in the supreme law of
the land proclaiming their liberty, and author-
izing Congress to provide for its maintenance?
For, whatever course may be pursued, it must
for years be the effective power of Congress,
cooperating with the Executive, that wili pro-
tect the freedmen from oppression; and while
Congress retains this power no necessity exists
for treating the late rebel States as conquered
provinces. But it may be, and from the extraor-
dinary course of this debate it would seem,
that something more is contemplated than the
restoration of the Union, the punishment of
treason, the abolition of slavery, and the pro-
tection of the freedmen. If this were all, it
could be accomplished during the present ses-
sion of Congress by a cordial cooperation of
the various departments of Government. I for
one am content with this. I am anxious at
once to secure the benefits of our glorious vic-
tory. I am anxious to restore the Union and
the Constitution, and to repudiate slavery and
secession. TheseHre greater reforms than any
other age has produced ; this is more progress
than has been achieved since the formation of
our Government. I am anxious to secure this
before we attempt more.
But another step is proposed,.an advanced
position is assumed before those already taken
are secured, and that is a proposition for uni-
versal suffrage without regard to color, to be
enforced by the central Government without
regard to law. Whether this be a white man's
Government or not is not the real question be-
fore the country; but the true question is, shall
the General Government interfere with the right
of suffrage in the States? When this is attempted
we are not only met by the prejudices, whether
just or unjust, of a large majority of the white
inhabitants of the United States, but by the con-
scientious opinions of the chief Executive of
the nation, sustained by many of the wisest and
best statesmen and jurists of the countiy, that
the Constitution has placed the question of suf-
frage exclusively within State jurisdiction. I
do not propose to argue at length either the pre-
judices of the former or the constitutional ob-
jections of the latter. But we must remember
that prejudice is often more powerful than rea-
son, and that it often happens that prejudice
itself is founded in reason. If this is not a
white man's Government, one thing is certain,
that neither the black man or the red man has
ever reared such a Government. It mnst also be
remembered that this Government is still re-
garded by other nations as an experiment, and
its failure is confidentlypredictedforthe reason
that history furnishes no adequate proof of the
capacity of man for self-government. They are
not so much mistaken in their general reading
as in the facts which lie at the foundation of our
institutions. They forget that we are a race de-
scended from the original Anglo-Saxon stock,
and that our ancestors learned the lessons of
liberty through generations of martyrdom, and
have practiced those lessons for three hundred
yearsin thisdistantlandcomparativelyfree from
the degrading influences of arbitrary power;
that superior natural endowments, universal
education, and a vast and productive country
have enabled "us, alone, among all the nations
of the earth, to sustain fiee go\ eminent.
It may not lie unjust for a people whose lib-
erties can only be sustained by intelligence and
virtue, to pause and hesitate before they in-
trust those liberties in the hands of four mil-
lions of unfortunate persons just emerged from
the most degrading slavery before tliey shall
have had an opportunity to learn the principles
of that Government whose functions they are
called upon to administer.
This prejudice is not necessarily selfish or
cruel, but it may arise from an honest desire
for the preservation of our own liberties and
tho liberties of the race which tho war has made
free. However this may be, the fact still ex-
ists, that few States in the Xorth have yet
granted the right of suffrage in any form to the
colored men within their borders, although
those colored men are often educated, fre-
quently more enlightened than some white men
among whom they reside. And while the States
we represent deem it inexpedient to confer the
right of suftrage upon the colored men within
their borders, are we justilied as their repre-
sentatives in compelling the late rebellious
States to confer that right upon the mass of un-
fortunate blacks who have yet to learn the first
principles of their duties and responsibilities as
citizens? But this is noi all. Jf we are dis-
posed to disregard the sentiments of our con-
stituents and the action of our State govern-
ments. shall we trample- upon the constitu-
dangerous ground and a fearful responsibility.
'1 here is 110 question of necessity to justify it.
The Union can be restored without it. 'Ihc
freedmen can be protected without it. _ Tho
honor of tho nation can lie vindicated without
it. But in ai tempi in g it. all may be lost, and
we may haye despotism and anarchy, or rather
anarchy and then despotism, in the_ place of
our once glorious and prosperous L'nion. But
before I conclude, let me once again refer to
the testimony of the President and the Lieu-
tenant General to the bright prospect that is
before us. The former says ;
"From all the information in my possession, and
from that which I have recently derived fromtae most
reliable authority, I am induced to cherish the beliet
that sectional animosity is surely and rapidly merg-
ing itself into a spirit of nationality, and that repre-
