2134
• *
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
mtistered into our Army. The purpose may
be good enough, but the language is liable to
this criticism.
Mr. WILSON. I prefer that the resolution
be passed over, in order that wo may look at
the exact bearing of the amendment which has
been adopted. I did not see all of the amend-
ment before it was offered.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest that it be printed.
Mr. WILSON". I move that the further con-
sideration of the resolution be postponed until
to-morrow, and that it be printed as amended.
The motion was agreed to.
protection to united states officers.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House had non-concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (II. II. No.
288) to amend an act entitled •' An act relat-
ing to habeas corpus and regulating judicial
proceedings in certain cases," approved March
3, 1863, and requested a conference with the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. James
P. Wilson of Iowa, Mr. Samuel McKee of
Kentucky, and Mr. B. M. Boyer of Pennsyl-
vania, managers of the conference on the part
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendments to the bill just received
from the House of Representatives and agree
to the conference, and that the committee of
conference on the pari of the Senate be ap-
pointed by the Chair.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire if he is advised
upon what amendments there is a disagree-
ment.
Mr. CLARK. There was but one amend-
ment that was of importance, and I suppose it
must lie upon that.. That was in regard to the
time at. which the bill should cease to operate,
wilh the amendment proposed to it by the Sen-
ator from I mliaim. I suppose that is the amend-
nicntiipoii which the llousenmst havedisngreed
with us. because the otherswere merely verb::!.
1 will say to the Senator fu>m Indiana that
there is hut one course to lie taken, and that is
to insist upon our amendmcntsand agree to the
conference, or else to recede from our amend
ments, and 1 do not suppose the Senator would
bo willing to recede.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; I think the
Senate ought to insist; but then tho chances
are that when the committee of conference is
appointed we shall not see the amendments
again. 1 wanted to know what questions were
to be submitted to the committee.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of tho Senator from Now
Hampshire.
The motion was agreed to.
contractors i'oli, yessels and machinery.
Mr. NYE. I move to lake up the bill for
the relief of contractors for double-enders and
iron-dads.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 22(1) for the
relief of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels-of-war and steam machinery,
the pending question being on the motion of
Mr. Nye to amend tho amendment of Mr.
Grimes by striking out "twelve" and insert-
ing "fifteen."
_Mi*. IIENDRJCKS. I had thought of sub-
mitting a very tew remarks to the Senate with
regard to this measure, but have concluded
that it, is better that we shall vote upon it, as
the Senate very generally understand it. 1
suggest to the Senator from Nevada, in order
that we may come to a vote upon it at once,
that he withdraw his amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, and allow the
Senate to vote upon that proposition.
Mr. NYE. I atn ready to do so. I with-
draw my amendment to the amendment.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment being withdrawn, the
question now is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the bill after the first
clause, and in lieu of the words struck out to
insert the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury "be directed to
pay, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to the several parties the awards made
in their tavor by the naval board organized under
the resolution of the Senate, adopted March 9,1865,
the awards being made under date of December 23,
1865, and reported to the Secretary of the Navy:
Provided, That the payment shall not in any ease
exceed twelve per cent, upon the contract price,
exceptin the case ofthe Comanche, in which case the
award shall be paid in full.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I now offer this amend-
ment to come in as a new section :
Skc. —. And be it farther enacted, That in tho cases
of Donald McKay, of Jioston. Massachusetts, who
built the Ashuclotand machinery, and Miles Green-
wood, of Cincinnati, Ohio, who built the Tippeca-
noe, whose contracts have been completed to tho
satisfaction of the Department, and who wero pre-
vented from appearing before the naval board, shall
bo entitled to the samo rate of compensation as is
authorized to be paid to other parties building the
samo class of vessels and machinery; and such pay-
ment to be made to them out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, under the su-
pervision anddireetion of tho Secretary of the Navy,
provided the evidoneo submitted for his examination
fully establishes the risht ofthe said parties to com-
pensation.
I believe there is no question on this amend-
ment. 1 have conferred with Senators who
are interested iu this subject, and I believe I
have their concurrence iu moving the amend-
ment. The Senator from Nevada who has the
bill in charge is familiar with it, so is the Sen-
ator from Iowa, and I understand that the
Navy Department also is familiar with it, and
that it has the cordial concurrence of that
Department. I think there ,is no question in
reguul to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to tho Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now move to post-
pone tho consideration of the bill and amend-
ments unlik tho first Monday of December
next, and upon this motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
Tho >eas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to inquire of
the Senator from Missouri tho reason why ho
asks this postponement. I should like to hear
the reason.
Mr. HENDERSON. This subject was
thoroughly discussed a few days ago. I had
not examined the subject as thoroughly as I
might have done, but I thought the'Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Ci.akk] clearly
disclosed to the Senate reasons sufficient to
postpone the consideration of this bill, not
only until the first Monday of December next,
but forever. I do not pretend to say that there
are not meritorious claims in this bill, individ-
uals named who are entitled to something at
tho hands of Congress. I would be perfectly
willing to grant something to some of these
parties, but even in the original bill those par-
ties are mixed up with others, as was clearly
shown by the Senator from New Hampshire,
who are not entitled to one cent and ought not
to be paid one cent; at least if they ought to
be, I have seen no reasons for it; no reasons
have been given. Why, sir, if I am not mis-
taken, it has been shown clearly to the Senate
that the only consideration for their claiming
anything at tho hands of Congress arises from
their own willful neglect to perform the work
within the time that they stipulated to do it in.
If we are inclined to do anything for these
men, I think we ought to open the Court of
Claims to them and prescribe some rules by
which these parties can enforce this just claim
which it is said they have against the Govern-
ment. I am totally opposed to voting any-
thing to these contractors upon tho report of
this board—a board organized under a simple
resolution of the Senate, passed without any
notice whatever on the 9th of March, 1865,
after, the adjournment of Congress and dur-
ing the executive session. The report of that
board shows that they took no evidence what
ever in order to ascertain the truth of the mat-
ter now before this body, and appealing to our
generosity rather than to our justice, because,
if I understand the report of that board, it was
their generosity that gave us such a report, and
not their sense of justice. I have heard no
answer to the point made by the Senator from
New Hampshire the other day. What is the
proposition now made? It is a change simply
from the award of the commission to twelve
per cent.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is the bill making appro-
priations for the benefit of tho Post Office
Department.
Mr. NYE. I hope we may be allowed to
get a vote on this question. I trpst the Sena-
tor from Ohio will permit us to come to a vote
upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. There is a special order
for to-day, which I should like to have the
Senate proceed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
special order, but the unfinished business of
yesterday takes precedence ofthe special order.
Mr. POMEROY. I know that the unfin-
ished business takes precedence, but it is within
the province of tho Senate to proceed with
the consideration of the special order if thoy
so determine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is before the
Senate, of course subject to the order of the
Senate to be postponed or delayed at their
pleasure.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish, almost as a
personal favor, that this bill for the relief of
those contractors could be disposed of this
morning, as 1 desire to leave the city in a day
or two, to bo gone for a few days, and I
should like to have it disposed of before I leave.
I feel some little responsibdity about it, as it
was referred to myself and other gentlemen
as a sub-committee. I believe the friends of
the lull do not propose to discuss it at any
length.
Mr. WILSON. How long will it take?
Mr. HENDRICKS. But a few minutes, I
think. We do not wish to discuss it.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
Ind iana that perhaps the bill had better go over
until his return. I do not think it is likely to
suffer from delay. I will say to liim that I have
never been so much embarrassed by any meas-
ure before the Senate since I have been a mem-
ber of it, and that by reason of these cases
being lumped together. I have no doubt there
are some meritorious cases in the bill from the
examination that I have been able to make, but
they are loaded down by others that ought not
to pass; and I think we should endeavor to see
if we cannot contrive some way to relieve the
Senate of this difficulty, so that we may have
some discrimination in regard to these cases.
I make this suggestion to the Senator in a
friendly spirit, because I feel that some of these
men should be relieved—I cannot say how
many; but it seems to me to be the better way
to legislate for individual cases, if we can con-
trive some way to do it. I have no personal
wish about it. I make tho suggestion to him
as to the best course to be taken with it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know that is the feel-
ing of the Senator from New Hampshire, but
it is doubtful if we can really get to understand
this case any more thoroughly than we now
understand it, and if it is postponed until late
in the session, the difficulty would be to secure
a consideration of it in the House of Repre-
sentatives. These parties are much pressed,
and ought to have some relief; and as this is
not quite half as much as the board allowed
them, I thought it certainly would be adopted
bv the Senate. If we could agree upon any
