1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
sentation, connected with a properly-adjusted system
of taxation, will result in a harmonious restoration
of tlic relation of tiie States to tlie national Union."
General Grant, whose means of information
are second to none, except perhaps the Presi-
dent, being in -immediate communication with
the military authorities throughout the South,
says:
"My observations lead me to the conclusion that
the citizens of the southern States arc anxious to re-
■ turn to self-government within the Union as soon as
possible; that while reconstructing, they want and
require protection from the Government; that they
aro in earnest in wishing to do what they think is
required by the Government—not humiliating to them
as citizens—and that if such aeoursewas pointed out,
they would pursue it in good faith, it is to be regret-
ted that there cannot be a greater commingling at
this time between the citizens of the two sections, and
particularly of those intrusted with the law-making
power."
Against this we have statements, extracted
from letters written by persons unknown to the
country or to the Senate. We have no means of
judging of their character for truth and veracity,
or what information they really possess, and
above all of what motives induced them to write.
We are not surprised at these stories, whether
true or false. We expected, in the present
disorganized condition of society, that crimes
would be committed in the South. We know
that crimes are committed, and men talk non-
sense and folly in all countries. Even in the
great Commonwealth of Massachusetts, with all
her public virtues—and they are many—there
are records of crime and misery. And it would
have been strange if in the South, with all the
mEtd pasoions of the people excited by this ter-
rible civil war, no scenes of horror should have
been witnessed since the fall of the rebellion.
But it is said in some of the letter extracts road
to the Senate that" men in the South threaten
to fight us through the ballot-box. Do we object
to that? Are we not willing to submit all ques-
tions to the voice of the people? Are we not
willing to be governed by the majority? Did
we not fight them with the sword because-thcy
repudiated the decision of a constitutional
majority? Are we willing to prolong the res-
toration of the Union and risk the experiment
of taxation without representation for fear that
the application of the rule, that the voice of the
majority is law, shall drive us from power?
Shall we not rather seek the perpetuation of
the Union party by the accomplishment of the
objects for which it was organized? Nothing
but our own folly can deprive us of the rewards
due to the services which that organization has
rendered to the country and to the cause of lib-
erty and humanity. The preservation of the
Union, the repudiation of secession, and the
abolition of slavery, the parent of secession,
are great deeds; and the party that has achieved
them, so long as it adheres to the principles it has
vindicated, will be remembered and sustained
by a generous and patriotic people.'
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I introduced
the bill now under consideration to meet a press-
ing need. It was introduced in the interest of
humanity and justice. 1 have examined many
and many pages of official records, records con-
nected with the Freedmen's Bureau, records
of military officer.-, and letters written by some
of the foremost officers of Our armies, men who
have made their names immortal in the history
of the country. The evidence conclusively
shows that great atrocities and cruelties are
perpetrated upon the freedmen in various sec-
tions of the country; that the poor, dumb, toil-
ing millions who look to us tor protection are
inhumanly outraged.
The Senator who has just addressed us ques-
tions the testimony adduced hero by my col-
league yesterday. Ho might as well question
the massacre at Fort Pillow, and the cruelties
perpetrated at Andcrsonville where eighty-three
per cent, of the men who entered the hospit-
als died; Andersonville, where more American
soldiers lie buried than fell throughout the
Mexican war ; where more American soldiers
lie buried than were killed in battle of British
soldiers in Wellington's four great battles in
Spain, and at Waterloo, Alma, Inkermann, and
Sebastopol. The Senator might as well ques-
tion the atrocities of sacked Lawrence and other
atrocities committed during the war. If he will
go into the Freedmen's Bureau and examine
and study the official records of officers who
for five or six months-have taken testimony
and have large volumes of sworn facts; if he
will go into the office of General Holt and read
the reports there, his heart and soul will be
made sick at the wrongs man does to his fellow-
man. No one questions the intelligence and
judgment of General Grant—he is in communi-
cation with the officers of his Army; but I say
here, and say what I know, when I declare that
nearly every general commanding in the rebel
States has written the strongest letters in re-
gard to the tone, temper, and disposition of the
people and the condition of that country. Some
of them go further than my colleague went yes-
terday. There are letters in the Senate Cham-
ber to-day, written by commanders in States
and in whole sections of country—men whoso
name and fame arc world-wide—which, if read
by the Senator, would more than convince him
of the truth of the testimony adduced. It makes
the heart sick to dwell on such records of crime
and wanton brutality.
Mr. STEWART. " Will the Senator allow me
a word?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to be distinctly
understood as not opposing the passage of the
bill. I am in favor of legislation on this sub-
ject, and such legislation as shall secure the
freedom of those who were formerly slaves,
and their equality before the law; and I main-
tain that it can be fully secured without hold-
ing the southern States in territorial subjuga-
tion. Whether or not instances of individual
cruelty exist is quite immaterial to the point,
for I believe they can be remedied quite as well
if we regard those States as States in the Union
as if we regard them as Territories. All that
is necessary is for us to exercise the power wc
have under the Constitution.
Mr. WILSON. I think the moments con-
sumed in the dispute whether those States are
in the Union or out of the Union is lost time. I
do not choose to discuss that question, or to
raise it; I believe our powers are full, ample,
complete, to bring back those States, and re-
store them, and preserve, also, the rights and
the liberties there of all that breathe God's air.
I do not want to degrade a single man in the
rebel States. I do not \^mt them to degrade
others, and I do not mean that they shall do it.
1 do not believe the Senator is opposed to this
bill; I do not think he can oppose it. 1 do not
believe the Senator is in favor of that kind of
freedom that turns the emancipated working-
man out into the highway, then takes him up as
a vagrant and makes a slave of him because he
cannot get a home when tliey do not allow him
to lease land or buy a humble home. They
have enacted a law in the State of Mississippi
that will not allow the black man to lease lands
or to buy lands outside of the cities. Where in
God's name is he to go? Into the public high-
way ? Then ho is a vagrant; then he is taken
up under the vagrant laws and sold into bond-
age. They have enacted a law in the State of
Louisiana that he must get a home in twenty
days, and they will not sell him land or allow
liim to lease land.
We must annul this; we must see to it that
the man made free by the Constitution of the
United States, sanctioned by the voice of the
American people, is a freeman indeed ; that he
can go where ho pleases, work when and for
whom he pleases; that he can sue and be sued;
that he can lease and buy and sell and own
property, real and personal; that ho can go
into the schools and educate himself and his
children ; that the rights and guarantees of the
good old common law are his, and that he
walks the earth, proud and erect in the con-
scious dignity of a free man, who knows that
his cabin, however humble' is protected by the
just and equal laws of his country. I am sure
the Senator from Nevada is in favor of that
policy of emancipation that carries with it equal-
ity of civil rights and immunities, rather than
that other policy that makes the enfranchised'
bondman a serf or peon, the slave of-society,'
its soulless laws and customs.
Having read hundreds of pages of records
and of testimony, enough to make the heart and
the soul siek, I proposed this bill as a measure,
of humanity, I desired, before we entered on
the great questions of_ public policy, that we
should pass a simple bill annulling thes'e."cruel
laws; that we should do it early, and then pro-
ceed calmly with our legislation. That was
my motive for bringing this bill into the Senate
so early in the session. Many of the difficul-
ties occurring in the rebel States between white
men and black men, between the old masters
and the freedmen, grow out of these laws. They
are executed in various parts of the States; the
military arrest their execution frequently, and
the agents of the Freedmen's Bureau set them
aside; and this keeps up a continual conflict. If
these obnoxious State laws were promptly an-
nulled, it would contribute much to the restora-
tion of good feeling and harmony, relieve the
public officers from immense labors, and the
freedmen from suffering and sorrow; and this
is the opinion of the most experienced men
engaged in the Freedmen's Bureau. I have
had an opportunity to consult with and to com-
municate with many of the agents of the bu-
reau, with teachers, officers, and persons who
understand the state of affairs in those States.
But, sir, it is apparent now that the bill is
not to pass at present, that it must go over for
the holidays at any rate. The constitutional
amendment has been adopted, and I have in-
troduced a bill this morning based upon that
amendment, which has been referred to the
committee of which the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] is chairman. This bill will
go over; possibly it will not be acted upon at
all. We shall probably enter on the discussion
of the broader question of annulling all the
black laws in the country and putting those peo-
ple under the protection of humane, equal, and
just laws.
We were told yesterday by the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Saclsbury] that there was an ap-
prehension on this side of the Chamber that the
Democratic party was soon to come back into
power through the agency of the President of
the United States. Sir, I think the Senator from.
Delaware altogether mistaken in regard to any
such apprehension. I entertain no such ap-
prehension. I do not apprehend that the Dem-
ocratic party issoon tocomeintopowerthrough
the agency of the President of the United States
or through the agency of anybody else. A party
that has maintained the attitude assumed by
the Democratic party during this great rebel-
lion, that has allied itself with a sinking and
lost cause, is not likely hereafter to take or to
control the regenerated Government of thcUni-
ted States. It needs reconstruction and reor-
ganization quite as much as do the rebel States,
and it must have reconstruction and reorgani-
zation before it can govern this now free conn- t
try through anybody's agency.
I know there has been a studied and system-
atic attempt during the last few months to sep-
arate the President of the United States from,
the great party that elcctcd him. Some persons
fear that these attempts will be successful. I
am among those who have never entertained
any such fears, and if there are any persons who
do entertain them 1 advise them to dismiss such,
fears at once. The President is bound to the
men who elected him, by honor, by principle,
and by interest. His fame is to rest upon the
great fact that he shall complete the work Abra-
ham Lincoln commenced—the work of restor-
ing a "broken Union, enfranchising a race, and
preserving the cause of human liberty in Amer-
ica. I am sure that the President of the United
States is as conscious as any man living that
his strength now and his fame with posterity
depend upon his moving right straight for-
ward and onward to the restoration of the
Union, and to the security of the liberties of all
men, and the security of equal, universal, and
impartial liberty. He found the rebel States
on the loth of April, when he assumed execu-
