1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
Authorities might be multiplied, but I will not
detain the House by further citations on this
point.
Notwithstanding the effect of the pardon and
amnesty of the President was to completely
and absolutely wipe out the offense pardoned,
yet this oath of 1862 forever prohibits all those
who were included in this amnesty from holding
any office whatever under the General Govern-
ment, even the most insignificant post office at
the most insignificant cross-roads within the
Republic.
Is it intended by the majority on this floor
thatthepeople of an entire section of this coun-
try, comprising eleven States of this Union,
and over seven millions of our own race, shall
be excluded from all participation in the admin-
istration of the General Government? Is it in-
tended, sir, tliatthe great fundamental principle
on which our system of government is based,
ihat taxation and representation are insepara-
ble, shall be deliberately ignored? There is no
warrant for it in the Constitution. It is subver-
sive of the true purposes of the Union, and is,
in my judgment, revolutionary in its tendency.
What right, sir, have gentlemen who are in the
majority on this floor, and who control the action
of ibis irlouse, to say to the people of Tennessee
and North Carolina, or of any other State within
this Union, (for, sir, all the States are in the
Union as equal members,) that they shall not
be represented here if they send members who
have been duly elected, and who possess the
qualifications required by the Constitution?
Sir, hundreds and hundreds o ('thousands who
arc deprived under the terms of this test oath
of July. 1882, from holding office under the
General Government, because they have been
engaged either in the civil or military service
of the late insurgent States, are men who have
acted under the honest and sincere belief that
their Statesliad the right to secede; an opinion
most unwarrantable in my judgment, yet it is
known to every man on this floor, that there
always existed, prior to the termination of the
late struggle, a large body of men in the south-
ern States who believed that a State had a right
to secede when in her judgment her rights or
interests demanded it; a most fatal heresy, I
admit, and one which I have always opposed.
But, however erroneous this opinion was, and
it was, in my judgment, the gravest of errors,
still it existed' from an early period of the Gov-
ernment, and was, I believe, honestly enter-
tained by many of the people of the southern
States ; and it'would be difficult to account for
the fact that almost an entire section of this
country united in the attempt to break up the
Union on any other theory.
But, sir, leading and influential journals and
statesmen of the North encouraged these people
in the belief that they might peaceably secede.
Senator Wade, in a speech delivered in the Sen-
ate, third session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress
Congressional Globe, page 25, referring to the
speeches of southern men about the dissolution
of the Union, said:
"If they do not feel interested in upholding this
Union if it reallv trenches on their rights, if it endan-
geis their institutions to such an extent that they can-
not feel secure under it, if their interests are violently
assailed by means of this Union, X amnotoneof those
Who oxpect th ey will long continue under it. I amnot
one of those who would ask them to continue in such
a Union. It would be lining violence to the platform
of the party to which I belong. Weliavcadoptedthe
old Declaration of Independence as the basis of our
political movement, which declares that any people
when their Government ceases to protect their rights,
when it is so subverted from the truepurposes of gov-
ernment asto oppress them, havethe right to recurto
fundamental principles, and if need be to destroy the
Government under which they live, and to erect on
its ruins another more conducive to their welfare.
" I hold that they have this right. I will notblame
any people for exercising it whenever tliey think the
contingency has come. I shall certainly bo the ad-
vocate of that same doctrine whenever I find that
the principles of this Go\eminent have become so
oppressive to the section to which 1 belong that a
free people ought not longer to endure it. ^ou will
not find me backward in being the ad\ocate of dis-
union; but the contingency having never come 1
have never vet opened my mouth m opposition to
this Union. 'But, for heaven's sake, act not talk. 1
am tired of this eternal din ot dissolution of the
Union' which is brought up on all occasions and
thrust into our faces as though we of the IN or had
gome peculiar reasons for maintaining the union that
the southern States have not. I hope the Union Will
continue forever. I believe itmay eontinueforever.
I seenothingat present which I think should dissolve
it: but if tiie gentlemen see it, I say again, that they
have the same interest in maintaining this Union, in
my iudgmcnt, that we of the North have. If they
think they have not, be it so. Yon. cannot .forcibhl
hold men, in this Union; for the attempt to do so, it
seems to me, would subvert the first principles of the
Government under which wo live."
Here we have the explicit and unqualified
declaration that "you cannot forcibly hold men
in this Union."
But further, we find in the New York Tri-
bune, February 23, 1801, the following:
"Whenever it shall be clear that the grreat body of
the southern people have become conclusively alien-
ated from the Union and anxious to oscapo it, wo
will do our best to forward their views."
Again, the same paper, of date March 2,
1801, we have this clear statement on the same '
point:
"We have repeatedly said, and wo once more insist,
that the arcit principle embodied by Jefferson in the
Declaration of Independence, that governments de-
rive llieir just powers from the consent of tlie gov-
erned, is sound and just; and that it" the slave States,
the cotton State.-, or the Gulf States only, choose to
form an independent nation, they have a moral right
to do so."
But while we were in the midst of the war,
Mr. Greeley, in the Tribune, on the 21st Feb-
ruary, 18G3, said:
" I was willing in the winter of 1S60-01, to let the
cotton States go if they really desired it. I was not
only then w illing that tho Union should in good faith
make them tiie offer, but I now deeply regret that
it was not made and acted on."
Lieutenant Governor Stanton, in <i speech
delivered on this floor on the 15th of January,
18(11, used the following language, whichlwill
ask the Clerk to read from the Congressional
Globe which I send to tho desk.
Tho Clerk read, as follows :
"I grant you very freely and frankly, that T do not
believe this Government can permanent !y be held
togethei by military force. I do not believe that any
section of this Confederacy will ultimately subjugate
and oveirun tho other and hold it as a conquered
province. I have no idea of any such tiling^ It is
against the genius and the spirit of tho age. Nobody
would attempt any such thing. 1 regard civil war as
really settling the question that there is to be ulti-
mately a separate confederacy. I have no idea that
such a" war could end otherwise than in a separation
of this Union, and the organization ot separate confed-
eracies. I am perfectly satisfied of that."
Mr. FINCK. But the same distinguished
gentleman, in another speech, delivered during
the same session of Congress, on the 23d of
February, 1801, said;
"Jlr. Speaker, when there were fifteen slaveholding
States acknowledging allegiancetothisFcdcralGov-
ernment, and, therefore, having in their hands the
power to protect themselves against anv invasion of
their rights on the part of tho Federal Government,
it was a matter of very little consequence whether
such amendment as that were incorporated in tiie
Constitution or not. But the stale of the country is
now radically and essentially changed. Seven or eight
States now deny tlieil- allegiance to this Government,
have organized a separate confederacy, and have
declared their independence of this Government.
Whether that indcpcndcnco is to be maintained or
not is with the futiiie. If they shall maintain their
position, and if public opinion in those seceding States
shall sustain the authonties thcro for a year or two to
come, so ns to show that nothing hut a war of subju-
gation and conquest can biins them back, I for one
am disposed to recognize that independence."
Now, I do not pretend to say that Governor
Stanton was in favor of secession; but cer-
tainly these declarations, thus distinctly and
clearly made, by these distinguished leaders of
the Republican party, could not have failed to
have added force to the belief, in the minds of
the people of the South, that they would be
allowed to peaceably withdraw from the Union.
But. sir, this test oath must operate on all
who have given aid to the rebellion, whether
they acted under the honest belief that their
States had the right to secede, or whether they
acted under the belief that they were bound to
follow their States in the attempted secession.
Nay, more than this, it will exclude hun-
dreds and thousands who were not rebels, but
who, nevertheless, assisted in the rebellion;
for I take it that it will not be questioned by
any gentleman wdio has examined the subject,
that all that large body of the people of tho
late insurgent States who aided in tho rebellion
only after the Federal Government was ousted
of its jurisdiction, and no longer able to pro-'
tect them from the jurisdiction of the usurped
power, arc not guilty of the crime of treason.
And I make this declaration upon the broad,
and well-settled principle'of public law, that
protection and allegiance are reciprocal duties,
and that the Government which fails, or is un-
able to protect its citizcns from a usurped power
or other jurisdiction, cannot, after itregajns its
rightful jurisdiction, turn around and punish
the unfortunate people for having yielded obe1
dience to such usurped power during the period
that the rightful Government was so ousted of
its jurisdiction, and thus rendered unable to
protect these people. To do so, would be most
monstrous, and at war with the clearest dic-
tates of sound reason and Christian civilization,
and tho well-settled principles of law. This
doctrine has been fully recognized and applied"
in the case of the United States vs. Rice, 4'
Wheaton it., and has been acted on in Eng-
land for many generations.
But, sir, all these people are affected by the
oath of July, 1862; audits continuance is most"
unjust and unwise. These people have re-
turned to their allegiance to the Federal Gov-
ernment. They have pledged themselves anew
to perform their duties and obligations.
But wc are told that they are not yet prepared
to be represented here; they are not yet suffi-
ciently loyal. Some reckless fellow has knocked
down a negro, or cursed a Yankee, and a whole
State is declared unfit to be represented in the
Congress of the llnitcd Stales. Sir, if these
people are not yet loyal, please inform mo how
many years it will require of such legislation as
has been favored by the majority on this floor
during this session of Congress to make them
loyal. And what new arguments do you pro-
pose in order to convcrt them? Is it-by ex-
cluding them from representation in these Halls,
and imposing upon them tlie burdens of taxa-
tion?
Sir, in this connection I wish to read a few
brief extracts from a speech delivered by Alex-
ander II. Stephens, before the Legislature of
Georgia, on the 22d of last month. He says:
" Whatovcrdiffercncesof opinion herctoforo existed
us to where our allegiance was duo during the laio
stale of things, none for any practical purposo can
exist now. Whether Georgia, by the action of hor
convenlionoflSGl, was ever rightfully out oftheUnion
or not, tho ? c<in he no ion tiint fihe noio in, xofar
a<i depends upon her will and dctd. Thcioholc united
States, therefore, in now uUhov.t Question our country,
lo hi- rher nlted and defended as- such Ly <01 our hearts
uvd bu all our arms. The Constitution of tho united
States, and the treaties and laws made in pursuance
thereof, arc now acknowledged to be tlie paramount
law in this whole country."
Again:
"Let old issues, old questions, old differences, and
oldleuds be regarded nslossils of another epoch. Ihey
belong to what may be considered the Si' nnan period
of our history. Great, new, livins questions ate be-
fore us. Let'it not be of it* in this day, not yet
passed, of our country's a;roatej-i trial and as'ony,that
there was a party lor Cajfear.a prrty lor Pompey,and
a party lor Brutus, hut 110 p.u ty foi Home: but let all
patriots, by whatever distinctive name heretofore
styled, rally in all elections eve) y where to the support
of' him, be he whom he may, who bevns the &tandaid
vnth 'constitutional Union' emblazoned on its folds.
Pi csident Johnson is now* in roy judgment, tbcchief
great standard-bearer of these principles, and m his
efforts at re&torationshoulc^ receive the cordial sup-
port of every "well-wisher of his country.
And in speaking of the duty of the people of
Georgia hi relation to the colored people of that
StateT he uses the following language:
"In legislation, therefore, under the new system,
you phould look to the best interests of ai l classes—
their protection, security, ad v a n c c men r° AU
xvnieu can possiuiy muutu ui  
of the blacks to the extent of t.ieir cuX'ac^yphfr
proper aid shouldbegiven tothoirowne/forts. Wj®""
nels of education should be opened up to thcra.
Schools and the usual means of moial and intellect
ual traininffsliouidboccctfuragedamonflrthcm. This
is the die?ate. not only of what is right and proper
highest considerations of interest. It « Ajfficult to
conceive a greater evil or cuiae that eould befall our
y, stricken and.digressed as ,t now .,:s. than for
so larac a portion of its population as this class will
ouite probably constitute anions us hereafter, to be
reared in ignorance, depravity, and vice.
The Legislature of the State of Louisiana,
speaking for tho people of that State, have
