2136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
questions of legislation, of diplomacy, and of
appointments, might counterbalance the Sen-
ators of these large States. Assuming that this
small community was already a State in the
Union, I had no criticism to make on that
equality of power; but I did present it to you
as an unanswerable argument why you should
not admit a community so small ii^the proper
attributes of a State to the enjoyment of that
high equality.
Permit me to say, sir, that you cannot ade-
quately consider this question without giving
your attention for one moment to the condition
of the country at the moment when the ques-
tion arises. We are happily at the close of a
long, a Moody, and a most expensive war.
Throughout that war, there was one question
that entered into it, predominating over all
others. It was the question of justice to the col-
ored race. And now, sir, that the war is closed,
that our soldiers are no longer in the tented field,
that same question enters into your debates,
and challenges your decision. You have before
you at every stage of your legislation the ques-
tion of justice to the colored race. And now,
with this question staring you in the face, what
do we see at this moment? A small commu-
nity in a distant part of the country, small in
population, even according to the statements
of its friends not amounting in numbers to more
than twenty-five or thirty thousand people;
according to the statements of others, even as
few in numbers as ten or fifteen thousand peo-
ple; with agricultural resources that already
begin to fail; with mining rcsonrces that dur-,
ing the last two or three years have been con-
stantly failing; with accounts at the Post Office
which during the past year have been failing ;
wo have this small community coming forward
and asking admission to equality as a State iu
the Union with a constitution that tramples on
human rights. This new candidate, pressing
for recognition, holds up a constitution which
excludes all persons from the electoral fran-
chise who are not white. It presents to you
a constitution with a discrimination of the word
"while and the question that you now have
before you is, whether this small community,
so slender in every respect, of such inferior
condition, and coming forward with a princi-
ple of human inequality in its constitution,
shall be admitted by you to the equality of
States in this Union. You are not obliged to
admit it. Your discretion is ample. The
language of the Constitution is plain. "New
States mil;/ be admitted into the Union," not
must be, but "maybe." You may exercise
your discretion in the exercise of this preroga-
tive. You may admit, or you may reject.
Theieforc when called to act, you must exer-
cise jour discretion. You cannot decline to
exercise it. You must bring your judgment
to bear upon the rase; jou must, consider well
all the fuels and all the elements which enter
into the civilization of this candidate commu-
nity; you must consider of course its popula-
tion, iis resources, and also the character of
its constitution. In doing so. you can have no
feeling except of kindness and sympathy for
the people there. God knows that I wish them
well from the bottom of my heart. There is
no aspiration which I do not oiler for their
welfare; but, on this occasion, we must, con-
sider the requirements of duty. And here the
way is clear.
Now, sir, allow me to say, with these few
words of introduction, that 1 present to you
this proposition, that such a community as now
exists in Colorado, deficient in population, fail-
ing already in agriculture, failing already in
mineral resources, and with a constitution which
sets at defiance the first principle of human
rigiirs, should not at this moment bo recognized
as aStateofthe Union. Mark me, if you please;
1 say at this moment and under these circum-
stances. The proposition that I present is com-
pound or complex. I do not found my conclu-
sion on a ay orxe of these elements or details,
but I found it on the whole compounded together;
and I say, sir, that at this moment, at the close
of this war, when by every obligation we are
solemnly bound to maintain the rights of the
colored race, you will err if you give your hand
to such a community as I have described, which,
so inferior in population and resources, comes
forward with a constitution denying those rights.
Thus much, sir, I have to say by way of
introduction; all this is simply that I may
open to you in one word the magnitude of the
question and the general principles which
underlie it; but before I sit down it will be my
duty to consider with some minuteness the
actual condition and the resources of this Ter-
ritory. And here, at this stage of the discus-
sion, I hope to be pardoned if I call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a document which I find
on our tables and which has been read I dare
say by Senators. It is a pamphlet entitled
" Colorado," and is addressed "to the honor-
able the members of the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States," and is
signed "J. B. Chaffee and John Evans, Sen-
ators-elect." As I proceed it will be my duty
to allude to statements in this pamphlet, which
is the repertory of facts and arguments for the
admission of Colorado. I am reluctant to
criticise it; but I believe if any Senator will
canvass it from beginning to the end, he will
find that there are very few of its statements
which are entirely candid, very few which in
point of fact can be relied upon in all respects.
[ said that it was signed by J. B. Chaffee and
John Evans. Now, sir, I do not intend to
introduce any personal question into this dis-
cussion so far as it can be avoided ; but as this
document is on our tables, and as it is hero
with a certain authority, in order to enlighten
us as to our duty on this occasion, I think I
shall not err if I call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the solemn judgment of one of the most
honored committees of this body on the con-
duct of one of the signers of that document.
I have in my hand the thiid \oluine of the
Report of the Committee on the Conduct of the
War, and I turn to the head of "the massacres
of the Cheyenne Indians." That report, which
is signed by B. K Wade, chairman, after
alluding to the testimony of Governor John
Evans, one of (he signers of the document
now on your tables, proceeds as follows :
" ! t i- testimonvbefore your committee was charac-
terised by such prevarication and shuffling as has been
shown by no witness they have examined during the
four years tliey have been engaged in their investi-
gations ; and lor the evident purpose of avoiding the
admission that ho was fully aware that the Indians
massacred so brutally at Sand creek, wero then, and
had been, actuated by the most friendly feelings to-
ward the. whites, and hail done all ill their power to
restrain those loss friendly disposed."
Such, sir, is the language of your committee
characterizing the testimony of the Governor
of Colorado who now comes here to plead for
the admission of that Territory as a State into
this Union. His testimony is held up as "char-
acterized by such prevarication and shuffling
as has been shown by no witness they have
examined during the four years they have been
engaged in their investigations." Itis that gen-
tleman who now signs the paper I hold in my
hand which is addressed to you in the expecta-
tion of influencing your votes on this occa-
sion.
I shall not consider minutely the character
of this pamphlet; but I will at this stage call
attention to the verj'first proposition as an illus-
tration of what seems to me the uncandid way
in which the facts are presented. I may err ;
but this is the way it seems to me. For in-
stance. here is a statement of the area of this
Territory, which amounts, as it is said, to one
hundred and five thousand eight hundred and
eighteen square miles. Of this the pamphlet
says that two fifths is cast of the Rocky mount-
ains. and that its agricultural and pastoral lands
comprise forty-two thousand square miles, or
over twenty-five million acres. That is the
statement with which the pamphlet begins.
Against this statement, which is not authenti-
cated in any way, not supported by any author-
ity, I oppose authority. I have in my hands a
transcript from the report of the surveyor gen-
eral of Colorado, dated August 15, 1865, ad-
dressed to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, in whose annual reportit appears.
This authority is as follows:
"The extreme limit of theamount of land capable
of cultivation in Colorado will not vary much from
twenty-five hundred thousand acres. '
Thus is the first statement in this pamphlet
sweated down, if I may so express it. from
twenty-five million to twenty-live hundred
thousand acres. •
Mr. K1RKWOOD. The Senator will allow
me a moment. Will not the Senator find the
statement he has just read from the surveyor
general's report, word for word and letter for
letter, in the paper submitted by Mr. Evaus and
Mr. Chaffee? Then wherein is the misrepre-
sentation, I should be glad to know, when
the very words read by tie Senator from Mas-
sachusetts are in the report signed by those
gentlemen ?
Mr. RAMSEY. Does not the Senator rec-
ognize a difference between agricultural and
pastoral lands?
Mr. NYE. The two and a half millions are
agricultural, the other are pastoral lands.
Mr. SUMNER. But they are the same.
Mr. NYE. Not at all. They do not mean
the same in the western States. One means
sage brush, the other a place where things will
grow.
Mr. SUMNER. They mean substantially the ;a"s««<
same; and it did seem to me that in the form
of the statement there was a disposition to
exaggerate uncandidly the actual condition of
the Territory. And if I am mistaken, then I
am happy to be corrected, and proceed at once
to consider the important question of popula-
tion. It will be remembered that when this
enabling act was tinder discussion my excellent
friend, the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
who had the 'bill in charge, stated as follows.
I quote from the Globe :
" I understand there must he nowaboutsixty thou-
sand inhabitants in Colorado. Some think a great
deal more than that. That is the smallest number I
find intimated by those who profess to know any-
thing about it. It is a Territory which is filling up
very rapidly. Judge Edmunds tells me that he has
not the least doubt in the world that before they
finish their arrangements and become a State, there
will bo sufficient population there for a Representa-
tive in Congress according to the ratio of representa-
tion fixed by the last census."
That was more than one hundred thousand.
So that when the enabling act was passed the
Senator from Ohio announced to us, on au-
thority which he regarded, of course, as sat-
isfactory, that there was a population there
actually of sixty thousand. Now, the popula-
tion, instead of increasing to one hundred
thousand and more as the Senator triumph-
antly promised, has been constantly diminish-
ing, growing smaller year by year according
to all the evidence that comes to us, especially
as shown in the annual elections. Thus, for
instance, at the election for members of a Ter-
ritorial Legislature in the autumn of 18G1, the
aggregate vote was 10,580; in December, 1861,
a few months later, the aggregate vote for
Delegate to Congress was 9,o54, diminishing,
you will observe. In October, 1862, the ag-
gregate vote for a Delegate to Congress was
8,22-1, slill again diminishing. In September,
1864, the aggregate vote was 5,769. In Sep-
tember, 1864, again there was a vole under
the congressional enabling act to determine
whether a State government should be adopted
or rejected, and the aggregate vote was 6,192.
'Then, again, in September, 1865, only this last
September, there was another vote on the
adoption of the constitution now before us,
when we have, all told, only 5,905. So that
you will see that from 1861 down to the last
evidence before us. the population of this Ter-
ritory instead of increasing has been diminish-
ing. Instead of rising to the proportions and
the stature of a Slate, it has been gradually
dwarfing into proportions, I might almost say,
hardly fit for a Territory. It has shrunk in-
conceivably and beyond all precedent. 1 be-
lieve there is no other instance m our history
where a Territory has gone backwards. Al-
ways before population has^ increased, it is
the rale of this country; it is the tendency of
