3096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
been shut for seven long months, and yet he to-
day tells us that we are doing right. If we are
doing right, as a matter of course the President
must be doing wrong in opposing us. He says
■we are not only doing right, but that the loyal
people of the country ought to, and will, give
us their applause because we are doing right in
this matter. Stronger testimony than that can
hardly be adduced upon this question. It bears
directly upon the point and comes from a man
fresh from the battle-field where he has been
contending with red-handed traitors.
And here are a couple of resolutions which
I want to have read, adopted a few days since
hj the Union men of Tennessee—the bone and
smew of that State, who, when she comes in
again under the old flag will be the men who
will carry it in the forefront of the advancing
column of freedom:
" Resolved, That we unitowitli our brother radicals
of Tennessee in afeelinj? of esteem for and confidence
in those two unflinching patriots and statesmen,
Charles Sumner and Thaddcus Stevens, who have
defended them in Congress against the calumnies of
their enemies, andthatwetondorthchenrtfcltthanhs
oi'tlieUnion men of Tennessee for their efforts, in con-
nection with the Union party of Congress, to establish
a policy by which, in the langungo of our late Presi-
dent, alias 'my policy,' 'traitors may bo punished
and treason made odious.'
" Hcsolvcd, Thatthe ex-rebels ofTennessee, who, by
their own acts, voluntarily renounced (lie principles
of the elective franchise, and freely took up arms to
destroy a Union to which they only returned when
all their ellorts had failed, have thereby iorfeitcd all
claim to American eitizonship and arc only in the
Union as reconstructed traitors and paroled pris-
oners.''
There is the indorsement of Mr. Stokes's
constituency after having read the speech before
referred to and having had time for consider-
ation. Now, Mr. Speaker, this is the testimony
of the men who are immediately interested, and
are personally cognizant of ail the facts and
circumstances connected with these matters
from the beginning to the end of the war, and
they are satisfied, and if they are, should any
one else complain ?
And now, sir, thanking ihe House for its
indulgence, I only say, that with the help of
God and the strong right arms of the loyal
men of this country and the clear consciences
iu the breasts of the radicals in Congress and
in the country, we intend to reconstruct this
Union and take in the honest men of the rebel
Slates, not only as prodigals, but as brethren.
The loyal and truemcn, both North and South,
do not want this done until it can be done with
perfect safety to Ihe whole country.
Mr. WINi)OM resumed the floor.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask the gentleman to
yield a few moments.
Mr. WfNDOM. Oeilainly.
Mr. G UINN I'lLL. Mr. Speaker, it is with
the greatest reluctance I hat 1 rise to say any-
thing which might seem personal. I have been
a member of this House for three sessions, and
in all that time I have had no personal contro-
versy save with the member from Kentucky, and
no unkind feeling toward any person in the
House. 1 claim to be a man of peace and to
demean myselfasbeeomesagentleman. Hut, sir,
when any man, 1 care not whether he, stands
six feet high, whether ho wears buff and as-
sumes the air of a certain bird that has a more
than usual extremity of tail, wanting in the
Other extremity, says that he would not believe
what I utter, 1 will say that 1 was never called
to stand under an imputation of that charac-
ter in the compai^ of gentlemen.
The member begins courting sympathy by
sustaining the President of the United States,
preparatory to his assault upon me. Now, sir,
if he is a defender of the President of the Uni-
ted States, all I have to say is, Heaven save
the Presidentfrom such an incoherent defender.
But his military record, who has read it? In
what volume of history is it found ?
Yet some time ago the gentleman asked some
of us, "What did you do in the rebellion but
make speeches'?'' And he told us that he was in
the field, and made sacrifices with regulars, &c.
Since he has alluded to Iowa, I will give the
opinion of a leading officer from that State, for
not two waeks ago ho told ma that when thera
was a noise in camp, the men said, it is either
a rabbit or a general R. He the defender of
the soldiers of Iowa 1 Sir, they want no such
defender; they need none of his defense. He
has not led our regiments in campaigns, and it
is all pretense; it is the merest mockery; it is
the merest trickery, the merest blowing of his
own horn for him to say that he led our soldiers
to victory in the deadly hail under his command.
But he comes here to traduce a humble per-
son like myself. In the first place, he charged
me with saying what I never did say. When
ho went down to make a speech to the meeting
in New York, he is reported to have said this:
"As I said on the floor of Congress on one occasion,
as a fling was mado at my native State by a pitiable
politician from Iowa, [tfisses.l You will excuse mo
for giving his name; but I believe it was one Urin-
nell."
It was "one Grinnell" that he alluded to.
But I never made any fling at Kentucky. But
that is not all. He was not content with
using my name, but ho refers to an honorable
gentleman of this House in these terms: "I
say that man is a miscreant, and I cannot find
words to express my disgust and contempt for
him." To whom does that relate—to a mem-
ber of this House?
Mr. 1IARDING, of Illinois. Is this sort of
debate in order ?
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Iowa
had permission to make a personal explanation.
If the gentleman raises the question as to per-
sonalities, the Chair will decide it.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Shall I bo held respon-
sible for newspaper reports?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
Mr. BANKS. I do not understand that in
giving consent to the gentleman from Iowa the
House gave consent to him to make personal
allusions which are not justified by the rules of
the House.
The SPEAKER. They do not; but it is the
rule, as the gentleman well knows, having
occupied the chair himself, that when leave is
granted to a member to make a personal ex-
plaualion the Chair does not check personali-
ties, bill, waits for some member to make the
point of order.
Mr. BANKS. I understand the gentleman's
privilege to be to state what ho regards neces-
sary to explain his own position.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts makes the point of order on the
gentleman from Iowa the Chair will decide it.
Mr. BANKS. 1 do make the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and decides that the remarks of
the gentleman from Iowa are personal and out
of order.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. If the Speaker does not
protect me from such remarks I must protect
myself.
Mr. GRINNELL. I was alluding to re-
marks made by the member from Kentucky.
If he says bo did not make those remarks, of
course I have nothing further to say. I refer
to this in reply to the premeditated assault that
has been mado upon me.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I did not say thalTnAD-
mcrs Ktevkxh was a miscreant, and there is no
evidence of it-
Mr. GRINNELL. The evidence I find in
the reports of three New York newspapers, one
of which is before me.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. What I said was that
the man who placed himself between the re-
cently contending sections to keep them apart
was a miscreant. I did not say that Mr. Stb-
vexs was a miscreant.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point. The gentleman from Iowa is out of
order in this course of remark ; and as the gen-
tleman has been twice called to order, the Chair
will chcck him, if he again violate the rules.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, I resume
to say that the charge that [have insulted Ken-
tucky, which is made the ground of a fling at
me, is altogether a mistake. I never insulted
Kentucky. I did say that when the member
from Kentueky said that he would shoot an
officer in the discharge of his duty, he made a
remark unworthy, asl thought, of his State and
of a United States officer. That I fastened
upon the member, and that I regard as the oc-
casion of his assault to-day. I proved, too,
what I said on that subject.
Now, sir, I wish to deny any unfriendliness
toward the member or toward the State of Ken-
tucky, and that I ever made any remark which
eould be construed to mean anything unfriendly
in that respect. So far from thai being the
case, I have held Kentucky in high regard, her
early history and statesmen.
Now, sir, why should I speak of this matter?
Certainly not because I believe that my con-
stituency would doubt my word, but allusion
has been made to the soldiers of the different
States. I am proud to say that I represent a
district that sent thirteen thousand men into
the Army. Can the gentleman say so much
for his district of which he boasts ? I did speak
something about the men from Kentueky fight
ing on both sides ; but the record of Iowa sol-
diers is unquestioned, and it was not made
under the leadership of any Kentucky general
on this floor. It was made under the leader-
ship of their own colonels and generals, and
under General Grant and General Sherman,
Sheridan, and others.
Mr. Speaker, this is a painful exposition.
But I am not responsible for it. When I make
an assault, I expect to receive an assault in
return. I have never assaulted my equals and
associates, and therefore I am not in the habit
of receiving assaults in return. I have never
risen here to question the integrity or doubt
the veracity of any gentleman on this floor ; and
but for the fact that my personal integrity was
assailed and that my words were misquoted, I
would not have risen here to-day. I have
alluded to what was said in regard to me.
The gentleman remarked that he did not care
a fig about what I said; but when he goes and
proclaims the matter in a great city in the
presence of thousands of people, I conclude
that he does not rest altogether well satisfied
under the well-proven charge of having de-
clared that he would shoot an officer of the
United States on duty under certain circum-
stances. And then the member whines off'
with a woman's plea, taking refuge under fem-
inine skirts, as a certain other gentleman in
rebcldom went, off in disguise.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
remarks of the gentleman are out of order.
Mr. GRINNELL. I have nothing further
to say.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. Mr. Speaker, I ask leave
to say a word or two.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the gentleman from Kentucky making a per-
sonal explanation?
There was no objection.
Mr. ROUSSEAU. I trust, Mr. Speaker,
that in what I may say I shall not follow the
example of the member from Iowa, but shall
deport myself in a manner worthy of my posi-
tion here.
Sir, when making some remarks in this House
on a former occasion, I alluded to the outrages
committed by agents of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau in the city of my home. I stated a case
in which a man with his wife and daughters
were about to be arrested and held over night,
and then tried in the morning by an unauthor-
ized person, the agent of the bureau ; that they
had appealed for protection to General Wat-
kins, the commander of the post at Louisville,
and I joined in insisting that they should be
protected. In alluding to that, I said that if
any man, without lawful authority, acting in
defiance of the laws and Constitution, though
claiming to act under the authority of Con-
gress—asserting the right to act as judge, sher-
iff, and jailor; all combined in the same person
—should treat my family in that way, I ^ould
defend them, and though blood came fr6m it,
I would strike for my family. That was what
I said.
So far was I from supposing that in those
remarks I had offended any one, that obssrv-
