1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
408t*
Mr. DELANO. I move to strike out the
following paragraph:
To pay Roy. Stone, of Pennsylvania, for certain
buildings owned by him in Memphis, Tennessee, and
which we're' takeii possession of, used, occupied, and
destroyed by and for the tjenefit of the forces of the
Unitod BtateS, the Hum of $12,000: Provided, That it
slttii'l first be shown to the satisfaction of the Secre-
tary of War that, said'buildings weie of the value of
f!12,000, and were the property of said Stone: Andpro-
ci'ivdfarlher, -That this sum shall bo in full satisfac-
tion of all claims on acoount of said property against
the United States.
I do not. know why this clause was intro-
duced into this appropriation bill. If mem-
bfii-s will examine it they will see that, it is in
two particulars in direct violation of the rule
Of this House in reference to the payment of
claims resulting from the destruction of prop-
erty during the late war. In the first place,
it is a claim from a rebel State; and in the
second place, it embraces such damages as Were
the necessary result of the ravages of war.
I can give to the House some vety strong
cases of this character that have been rejected
by the Committee of Claifns in consequence
of the rule'of the House-to which I have re-
ferred. A ease from the State of Ohio has
been reported to this House, and in my opin-
ion is much more deserving 'the favorable ac-
tion of this House than this case is. And yet
that case has been referred to the Committee
of the Whole, and I have no doubt it will be
ultimately rejected. That was the case of a
man holding a large property in Nashville, a
man who was loyal beyond all doubt, and who
was a paralytic at the time of the rebellion,
lie was carried upon a litter to the polls and
voted against the ordinance of secession. His
entire possessions were taken by the military
and occupied for the purposes of a fortifica-
tion. That was all the property the man pos-
sessed, and now with a wife and four children
he is iiving npon the charity of friends in
Ohio. T'hat property was taken and torn
down and the premises occupied for a fortifi-
cation. And the Secretary of War has abso-
utely gone so far as to recommend that the
Government have liberty to purchase the prop-
erty for the use of the Government, in order
that thereby we may be enabled to give this
man compensation and not violate the rule
of the House.
Mr. SCIiENCK. Does my colleague [Mr.
Delano] refer to the case of Mr. Best?
Mr. DELANO. No, sir; though that was
also a meritorious case. I refer to the case of
Mr. Morrison, known to my colleague, [Mr.
SlIKLLABAUOEB.]
iilr. SIIELLABARGER. I wish to inquire
if the case of Morrison has been referred to the
Committee of the Whole. I thought it was
before the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DELANO. It may have been rere-
ferred to the Committee of Claims some time
when I was absent. I am myself prepared to
recommend that claim on the simple and single
ground that the Secretary of War has recom-
mended that Congress confer upon him the
right to purchase the property. I am there-
fore prepared to recommend a bill for the pur-
chase of the property. But this whole subject,
I submit, had better be left to be examined,
in all instances by the Committee of Claims
under the rule of the House, unless the House
are willing at once to set that rule aside and
open the flood-gates, I was about to say, of
financial ruin and bankruptcy. I know of no
investigation of this claim of Roy Stone ; it has
been referred to no committee that I know of.
Mr. LATHAM. I raise the point of order
that this appropriation is not for the purpose
of carrying out any existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
made too late ; it should have been made when
the bill was reported to the House by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. LATHAM. The bill was not printed
then, and this is the first opportunity we have
had of knowing what it contains.
Mb. DELANO. I do not know but I have
said all that I desire to say on this subject.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 would like to lmow
from my colleague [Mr. Delano] if the claim
to which he referred a moment ago was the
claim of Mr. Morrison, of Nashville.
Mr. DELANO. It was.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not know how that
claim oarne under discussion. But sitfCe it has
been referred to, I wish to say that I am per-
sonally acquainted with it, and think it one of
the most meritorious claims that ever came
before Congress; and I should think it wrong
at any time to exclude a claim o'f that kind.
Mr. DELANO. I was calling the attention
of the House to the circumstances of that case
to show the distinction between it and this
case. I desire only to say to the House and to
the country that we are treading on dangerous
ground in this matter if we pass the claim
contained in this bill. ■
Mr. TRTMBLE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether the Committee of
Claims had not before it numerous claims
from citizens of Kentucky, some of them from
my own district, citizens whose loyalty is un-
questioned—claims for compensation for prop-
erty destroyed by order of the commanders of
United States troops, and whether the com-
mittee have not reported against those claims
in accordance with a general rule which they
have adopted.
Mr. DELANO. I answer the gentleman
affirmatively in regard to the first branch of
his question. I can also say that a large num-
ber of those claims were entitled, so far as I
know, to more consideration than the claim
proposed to be paid in this bill. I know noth-
ing about the facts of this case cxcept as they
are recited in the bill.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I understand the gentle-
man to admit that the parties in the cases of
which I speak made good their claims, if the
committee had decided in favor of paying for
property destroyed in that way.
Mr. DELANO. Undoubtedly. Thoseclaims
were rejected, because, in the first place, we
did not feel ourselves authorized to report in
favor of paying for property destroyed by the
ravages of war; and secondly, we did not feel
authorized, under the ruling of the House, to
recommend the payment of such losses occur-
ring in the rebel States.
Mr. SCO FIELD. I have nothing to say
against the payment of the claims referred to
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Dulano,]
the gentlemanfrom Kentucky, [Mr. Tkimble,]
and other gentlemen. All those claims may
be as meritorious as the gentlemen who have
spoken in their favor represent them to bo;
and when they come before the House 
At this point, the hour of half past four hav-
ing arrived, the committee rose and the House,
agreeably to order, took a recess until half
past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
ENROLLED BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled joint
resolutions and a bill of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 83) restoring
Tennessee to her relations to the Union;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 191) relating to
the building lately occupied for a national fair
in aid of the orphans of the soldiers and sail-
ors of the United States; and
An act (H. R. No. 770) in relation to the
unlawful tapping of Government water-pipes.
COMMITTEE OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent that
Thursday next, after the morning hour, may
be assigned for the consideration of reports
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs upon
the several subjects of public interest referred
to that committee.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I would
like to have the subjects named.
Mr. BANKS. The subjects Upon, which the
committee-report, and upte which, Should the-
House accede to my request, their propositions
will beready in print on Wednesday, will -be
a resolution referred to the oomttntteB iii re*
gard to the invasion of Canada; fbfe Several
propositions of gentlemen'from different parta
of the country in regard to aid to be git-en- to
Mexico j propositions relating to the interest
which the Government of the United-States has
in the assertion of what "is-called the'"Monroe
Doctrineand subjects akin, to those I have
named. ' ■ i.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts? ' .
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object,
Mr. BANKS. 1 appeal to the gentleman from,
Pennsylvania to withdraw his objection.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I cannot
withdraw it.
Mr. BANKS. Then I will ask the consent
of the House that the Committee on Foreign
Affairs may be permitted to report on Thurs-
day upon the first subject that 1 have named—
the neutrality laws.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I havci
no objection to that.
Mr. BANKS. I would state that the report
of the committee will be in print in season for
the consideration of the House.
Mr. MORllILL. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts that it may not
be wise for us to appropriate our time so far
ahead. On the day named there may be vari-
ous bills coming from the Senate which' will
require the consideration of the House.
Mr. BAN KS. I would not press my propo-
sition if I thought it would interfere with any
business absolutely necessary to be disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
should the business named by the gentleman
from Massachusetts be made a specialorder it
can, when reached, be postponed like any other
special order. Is there objection to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Massachusetts?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will not object if
the House will allow me to refer a resolution
to the Committee on Foreign Aff'aij-s.
Mr. BANKS. I trust that may be done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. STEVENS. At what time is it to be
made a special order?
The SPEAKER. After the morning hour.
The resolution will be referred to the com-
mit, tee.
Mr. BANKS. I feel it to be my duty, so
many propositions have been referred to the
Committee 
Mr. WENTWORTH. Let my resolution be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be requested to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a bill applying the same regulations toward
the Fenian belligerents that the Governmentof Great
Britain applied to the so-called confederates of this
country.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know how much
of the day the special order is to occupy. We
cannot go beyond what we have.
Mr. BANKS. We will submit the question
to the House without debate. Unless gentle-
men of the House shall choose to debate it we
will not debate it.
Mr. STEVENS. I will not object if the
gentleman does not ask more than two hours.
Mr. MORRILL. One hour.
Mr. BANKS. I will ask but two hours.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the subject of the neutrality laws was
mado the specialorder for Thursday next after
the morning hour; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MEXICO.
Mr. BANKS. I move to postpone the reg
ular order of business and to suspend the rules
