1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1177
and warred against the United States to its
place in power as a governing partner in_ the
Union till adequate security lias been obtained
against its renewing the attempt to secede,
&e.
II. Not to allow any distinction on account
of color or descent in the laws or municipal
regulations of the District of Columbia.
III. To propose for ratification by the sev-
eral States amendments to the Constitution,
substantially as follows:
1. The Union ofthe U nited States of America
shall be perpetual.
2. If, by the constitution or laws of any State,
persons are denied on account of their race or
color the right of voting equally with others,
then those inhabitants of that race or color
shall not be counted in determining its number
of Representatives in Congress.
3. That the national faitli of the Union shall
be forever sacred, and auy State which shall
be hereafter admitted or restored to this Union
shall thereby, as it becomes a partner in the
national power and treasure, to assume its
proportionate share of the national responsi-
bilities, &c.
4. That no State which shall hereafter bo
admitted into this Union, or which may have
attempted to withdraw from it, shall make any
distinction in its constitution, laws, or muni-
cipal regulations on account of color or de-
scent, or any payments, either by the State or
the United States, for emancipated slaves.
5. Congress shall have power to enforce
these articles by appropriate legislation.
I move that this petition be referred to the
committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of offi-
cers of the Dedham Institution for Savings,
praying that savings banks or institutions for
savings, having no capital, and whose business
is confined to receiving deposits and loaning
the same on interest, for the benefit of depos-
itors only, and which do no other business of
banking," may be exempted from the payment
of the internal revenue tax upon deposits or
otherwise; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Wisconsin in favor of a
grant of lands to aid in the construction of a
ship-canal across the bace of Ivewenaw Point
from Lake Superior to Portage Lake; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CO WAN. I present the petition of divers
citizens dwelling upon the banks of the Dela-
ware river, in which they set forth that the pub-
lic piers at Marcus Hook, on that river, are in a
very dilapidated condition and need repairs.
They therefore pray that an appropriation of
SIO'OOO be made to build two new piers, and
$2,000 for the purpose of repairing the old
wharves. I move that this petition be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I also_ present a petition very
numerously signed by Singer & Co., of the Shet-
field Steel Works, Jacob Knapp, and others,
praying Congress to pass such a tariff as will
protect the national industry, replenish the na-
tional Treasury, and develop our vast national
resources, making us in fact, as well as in theory,
a great, prosperous, and independent people.
I move that this petition be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I also present a petition
signed bv mechanics and laborers in American
manufacturing establishments, and members of
that great creative force whose hands built and
equipped our iNavy, and supplied the materials
that armed, equipped, and kept the nation's
armies in the field, and literally saved its life.
They pray the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, ii^tlie discharge of their duty, to watch
over and promote the interests oi the people, to
avert from them and their wives and children
the misfortunes with which they are threatened,
by amending the tariff so as to protect their
labor to the extent of the difference of the cost 1
of capital and labor here and abroad, with the
addition of the taxes paid by American indus-
trial products, from which the foreign are free.
This petition is signed by David Reeves, J. P.
McAllister, George H. Sellers, and others. I
move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I have also another petition
of the same import, signed by John H. Buckly,
Henry Ilichl, William E. Fordham, and others;
also another signed by William Murray Neveil,
George J. Neveil, John Boardman, and others;
also another signed by James McBride, Daniel
Keen. Cornelius T. Peacock, and others. I
move that these petitions be also referred to
the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition of citizens
ofthe United States, respectfully praying Con-
gress not to restore any State that has been in
rebellion, and warred against the Union, so
that it shall become a governing partner in the
Uniouuntiladequate security has been obtained
for the future. The terms of security desired
by these petitioners are set forth in their peti-
tion. I ask its reference to the committee on
reconstruction.
It was so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a petition of
the members of the Park street church or con-
gregation, in Boston, well knownasone of
the most important religious societiesin Mas-
sachusetts, asking Congress so to legislate as
will secure to every inhabitant of these United
States equality before the law. I ask the refer-
ence of this petition to the committee on recon-
struction.
It was so referred.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of as-
sistant assessors of the sixth collection district
of New York, praying for increased compen-
sation ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance. , .
Mr. HARRIS presented the memorial of J.
B. Van Petten, late colonel and brevet brigadier
general, praying for an amendment to the act
of March 3, 18G5, entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 18GG," so as to include
'in the benefit of its provisions not only those
officers in the United States military service at
that date, but also those who were mustered
into the service subsequently and were dis-
charged at the conclusion of the war; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia. . ,
Mr. BROWN. I present the petition of
GeorgeS. Park, of Parkville, Missouri, in which
he recites that in 1855 his press was thrown
into the Missouri river, his property destroyed,
his life threatened, and that he was driven from
his home and country ; that he appealed to the
Governor of Missouri; that he said ho had no
power to act, but referred him. back to the cir-
cuit judge and sheriff. The judge was a coun-
selor and the sheriff a leader of the mob. lie
further states:
" I then appealed to the Present of tho United
State*. I [o could find no power to protect me. I then
found tliat our Government, while it protected the
American citizen in foreign countries and on the oceap,
utterly tailed to protect life, liberty, and property
from domes! ie violence and tho hilrmtumcnt of justice
by local oflicer?. Many similar outrages have oc-
ein red. Theretoreyour petitioner re-uiM-tfully si« s an
ainon<linont to tho Constitution ot t iu united fe^atos
that will sire the necessary power in sucn caics, com-
pelling all officers, Sta te and national, to protest every
American citizen, without reiard to race or color, in
every ri"ht: or if suehprotcc tion can bo secured, more
fully to authorize the appointment of commissioners
who wilt be independent oflocnl influence, orin any
other way your wisdom may dictate; so that oiy
American citizen may feel and know t.iat tne Gov-
ernment of his country will hear hi? voice and protect
hira. And your petitioner will ever pray.'
I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMKiiOY presented the petition of
James G, Clarke, praying for compensation
for services and expenses as acting cha/rgG df
-qffaires in Belgium, from June 11,•'1867,-
September 3, 1858; which was.referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. STEWART. I ask leave to present reso-
lutions of theLegislature of the State of Nevada,
in structing her Senators and requesting her Jtep1
resentatives to procure, if possible, the passage
of an act by Congress prohibiting the Central
Pacific Railroad Company, or any other railroad
company that may hereafter receive donations of
public lands by Congress in aid of its. construc-
tion, from acquiring any right, title, or interest
whatever to the minerals of whatever character)
except iron and coal, and asking that mineral
lands may be held for prospecting and explo-
ration. I will state, in connection with these
resolutions, thatl understand those reservations
arc substantially in all the laws that have been
passed on the subject. However, I will ask
that these resolutions be referred to the Com-
mittee'on the Pacific Railroad.
They were so referred. ■
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Daniel
French, and one hundred and thirteen others,
citizens of Waltham, Massachusetts, relative
to the condition of the late rebel States, and
praying for certain amendments to the Consti-
tution and for the adoption of guarantees to
prevent any State from again attempting to
secede; which was Referred to the joint com-5"
mittee on reconstruction.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Ji
F. Caldwell, praying for compensation for four
guns alleged to have been taken from his house
in 18G2 by order of General Crook; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GRIMES presented resolutions adopted
at a meeting of soldiers in Marengo, Iowa
county, Iowa, on the 5th day of February,
18C0, in favor of an equalization of bounties;
which wore referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CHANDLER presented thomemorialof
C. A. Sheldon, praying for tho passage of an
act authorizing him to register the bark Mary
in the custom-house at Detroit; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
United Slates assistant assessors of the first
district of Illinois, praying for an increase of
their pay and allowances; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the petition of
Mrs. Serena McLane, who states that she is
the widow of the late Captain George McLane,
who was killed in 18CO, in a battle with the
Neva,jo Indians in New Mexico.^ He was so dis-
tinguished in the war with Mexico that he was
brovetted twice for gallant conduct. She states
that her pension, under the laws as they now
stand, will expire during the present year, and
she asks that the pension may he continued to
her during her widowhood. She was loft a
widow with four infant children, and repre-
sents herself entirely without the means of sup-
porting tliem. I move that this petition be
referred ti*the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN A>® REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That tho petitions and other papers inthe
caseso'fKbcnozer Richer and JmnosE. Linsgott, pray-
ing for invalid pensions, be taken from the files of tiao
Senate, and referred 10 the Committee on Pensions.
Oil motion of Mr. POLAND, it was
OnhrcJ, That Eli W. Goff have leave.to withdraw
his petition and other papers from the files oi tne
Senate.
REPORTS OS COMMITTEES.
Mr DINON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads to whom
was referred the joint resolution (H. R-^°-
66) relative to the courts ami post onice ot i\cw
York city, to report it back with two amend-
ments, onein the fourteenth line, andoneaudmg
two names. I should like to have the resolu-
tion acted upon at the present time as it is a
matter of some importance.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I object until re-
ports have been made.
