4058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
for th® purpose of fixing Thursday next for the
consideration of th©reports from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs ia reference to Mexico.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the bu&iuess upon the Speaker's table.
, Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Moreili,] gives notice that he will op-
pose the motion, and as there is no quorum
voting I give notice for the second time that I
will on the first opportunity report from the
committee on that subject.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. And for
the second time I give notice I shall object.
norton's canceling stamp.
Mr. FERRY. I ask unanimous consent to
make a report from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads which is recommended
by the Post Office Department. I ask the
Clerk to read the letter of the acting Post-
master General.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand the regular order
of business.
reorganization olf the departments.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask leave of the House
to set apart to-morrow after the morning hour
for the consideration of the bills reorganizing
the Interior, the Treasury, and the Post Office
Departments, and for that purpose only.
Mr. STEVENS. I object. I will not object
to day after to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say day after to-
morrow.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I object. I would not
object to giving to-morrow. The evident pur-
poses to continue the session.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest to-morrow even-
ing.
Mr. LOAN. I object.
francis colgen.
Mr. BAKER. I ask not exceeding two
minutes for a report from the Committee 011
Invalid Pensions in behalf of a blind soldier.
Mr. ANCONA. I withdraw the callforthe
regular order of business for that purpose.
Mr. VAN AERNAM, from tlie Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Francis Colgen; which was read a
first and second time.
It provides that Francis Colgen shall be
placed upon the pension-rolls at the same rate
allowed to soldiers and seamen who have lost
the sight of both eyes in the military and naval
service.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
committee on pacific railroad, etc.
Mr. PRICE. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to submit the following resolu-
tion:
1tesolved, That all other business be postponed, and
that the Committee on the Pacific Railroad and the
Committee on Public Lands be each allowedone hour
of this evening's session for reports.
The rules were not suspended.
NORTON'S CANCELING STAMP AGAIN.
Mr. FERRY. I ask leave to report from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads a joint resolution to provide for the pay-
ment of the use and title to Norton's post
marking and postage canceling stamp. I ask
that the letter of the Post Office Department
be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Post Office Department,
Appointment Office,
Washington, July 23,1866.
Sir: Information has been receivedat this Depart-
ment that the application of Mr. Norton for remu-
neration for the use of his patent marking and can-
celing stamp has not been reported upon by your
committee.
This matter is considered one of great public
importance and especially to this Department, and
a report to the House and the prompt action of Con-
gress on this subject would relieve the Department
from much embarrasment in the future essential use
of this stamp.
X have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
ALEXANDER W. RANDALL,
Actinrj Postmaster General.
Hon. John B. Alley, 1. r_
Chairman Committee on Post Offices.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I make the point
of order that the joint resolution makes an ap-
propriation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. An appropriation bill must
itself take money out of the Treasury. This
will require another bill.
Mr. KASSON. Is not this the same stamp
which has been used in the Post Office?
Mr. FERRY. Yes, sir, for three years.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the joint res-
olution be laid upon the table.
Mr. FERRTf. That motion is not debatable,
but I trust it will not be agreed to.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
57, noes 17; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Ferry and Mr.
Spalding.
Mr. MORRILL. I withdraw the motion to
lay upon the table.
Mr. FERRY. I withdraw the report.
kansas and neosho valley railroad.
The House proceeded to the business upon
the Speaker's table.
The first bill was Senate bill No. 285, grant-
ing lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the
construction of the Kansas and Neosho Valley
railroad and its extension to Red river.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The bill was read, as follows:
JBq it enacted by the Senate and Ilouse of Representa-
tives of the United States of Americain Congress assem-
bled, That for the purpose of aiding the Kansas and
Neosho Valley Railroad Company, the same being a
corporation organized under the laws of the State of
Kansas, to construct and operate a railroad from the
eastern terminus of the Union Pacific railroad, east-
ern division, at the lino between Kansas and Mis-
souri, at or near the mouth of the Kansas river, on
the south side thereof, southwardly, through the
eastern tier of counties in Kansas with a view of its
extension, so as to effect a junction at Red riverwith
a railroad now being constructed from Galveston to
Red river at or near Preston, in Texas, thereis hereby
granted to the State of Kansas for the use and benefit
of said railroad company every alternate section of
land or parts thereof, designated by odd numbers, to
the extent of ten sections per mile on each side of
said road; but in case it shall appear that thcUnitcd
States have, when the line of said road is definitely
located, sold any section, or any part thereof, granted
as aforesaid,orthattherightof preemption or home-
stead settlement has attached to the same, orthatthe
same has been reserved by the United States for any
purpose whatever, then it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of the Interior to cause to be selected for
the purposes aforesaid, from tho public lands of the
United States nearest to the sections above specified
so much land as shall be equal to the amount of such
lands as the United States have sold, reserved, or
otherwise appropriated, or to which the right of
homestead settlement or preemption has attached as
aforesaid, which lands, thus indicated by the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, shall be reserved
and held for the State of Kansas for the use of said
company by the said Secretary for the purpose of the
construction and operation of said railroad, as pro-
vided by this act: Provided, That any and all lands
heretofore reserved to the United States by any act
of Congress, or in any other manner by competent
authority, for the purpose of aiding in any object of
internal improvement or other pu rpose whatever, be,
and the same are hereby, reserved and excepted from
the operation of this act, except so far as it may be
found necessary to locate the route of said road
through such reserved lands, in which case the right
of way two hundred feet in width is hereby granted,
subject to the approval of the President of theUnited
States: And provided further, Thatsaid lands hereby
granted shall not be selected beyond twenty miles
from the line of said road.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That the sections
and parts of sections of land which by the aforesaid
grant shall remain in the United States, within ten
miles on each side of said road, shall not be sold for
less than double the minimum price of public lands
when sold,nor shall anyof said landsbecomesubject
to sale at private entry until the sameshallhavebeen
first offered at public sale to the highest bidder, at or
above the minimum price aforesaid: Provided. That
actual bona fide settlers under the preemption laws
of the United States may, after due proof of settle-
men t, improvera ent, and occupation, as now provided
by law, purchase the same at the price fixed for said
landsatthedateofsuchsettlement, improvement, and
occupation: And provided also, That settlers under
the provisions of the homestead act, who make their
settlement after the passage of this act, and comply
with the terms and requirements of said act, shall be
entitled, within thesaid limits of ten miles, to patents
for an amount not exceeding eighty acres cach.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the grant of
lands hereby made is upon condition thatsaid com-
pany, after the construction of its road, shall keep it
in repair and use, and that at all times be in readiness
to transport troops,, munitions of war, supplies, and
public stores upon its road for the Government, when
required to do so by any Department thereof, the Gov-
ernment at ail times having the preference in theuse
of the road for all the purposes aforesaid, at fair and
reasonable rates of compensation, not exceeding that
paid by private individuals, or tho average paid for
like services on other roads. And the lands hereby
granted, held, and reserved as aforesaidsball inure to
the benefit of said company, as follows: when the
Governor pS the State of Kansas shall certify that
any section of ten consecuti vemil es of said road is com-
pleted in agood, substantial, and workmanlike man-
ner as afirst-class railroad, then the said Secretary of
the Interior shall issue to the said company patents
for so many sections of the land within the limits
abovenamed as are conterminous with said completed
section hereinbefore granted; and when certificates
of the Governor aforesaid shall be presented to said
Secretary, of the completion, as aforesaid, of each
successivc section of ten consecutive miles of said
road, the said Secretary shall in like manner issue to
said company patents for the land for each of said
sections of road as in the first instance, until said
road shall be completed: Provided, Thatif saidroad
is not completed within ten years from thedate of the
acceptance of the granthereinbeforemade,thelands
remaining unpatented shall revert to the United
States: And provided further, That the said lands
shall not, in any manner, bedisposed of or incumbered
by said company or its assigns, except as the same are
patented under the provisions of this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That as soon as
said company shall file with the Secretary of the In-
terior maps of its line, designating the route thereof,
it shall be the duty of the said Secretary to withdraw
from the market the lands granted by this act, in such
manner as may be best calculated to effect the pur-
poses of this act and subserve the public interest.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the United
States mail shall be transported on said road and its
extension, under the direction of tho Post Office De-
partment, at such price as Congress may by law pro-
vide: Provided, That until such price is fixed by law
the Postmaster General shall have power to fix tho
compensation.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the right of
way through the public lands be, and the same is
hereby, granted to said Kansas and Neosho Valley
Railroad Company, its successors and assigns, for the
construction of a railroad as proposed; and the right
is hereby given to said corporation to take from the
public lands adjacent to the line of said road mate-
rial for the construction thereof. Said way is granted
to said railroad to the extent of one hundred feet in
width on each side of said road where it may pass
through the public domain; also all necessary ground
for station buildings, workshops, depots, machine-
shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-tables, and water-
stations.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That the accept-
ance of the terms, conditions, and impositions of this
act by the said Kansas and Neosho Valley Railroad
Company shall be signified in writing, under the cor-
porate seal of the said company, duly executed pur-
suant to the direction of its board of directors first
had and obtained, which acceptance shall be mado
within one year after the passage of this act, and not
afterward, and shall be deposited with the Secretary
of the Interior.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That said Kansas
and Neosho Valley Railroad Company, its success-
ors and assigns, is hereby authorized and empow-
ered to extend and construct its railroad from the
southern boundary of Kansas south, through the In-
dian Territory, to Red river, at or near Preston, in
the State of Texas, so as to connect with the railway
now being constructed from Galveston to a point at
or near Preston, in said State; the right of way
through the Indian Territory wherever such right i3
now reserved or may hereafter be reserved to the
United States by treaty with the Indian tribes, is
hereby granted to said company to the same extent
as granted by the sixth section of the act through
the public lands, and in all cases where the right of
way as aforesaid through the Indian lands shall not
be reserved to tho Government, the said company
shall, before constructing its road, procure the con-
sent of the tribe or tribes interested, which consent,
with all its terms and conditions, shall be previously
approved and indorsed by the President and filed with
tne Secretary of the Interior.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the same
grants of lands through said Indian Territory are
hereby made as provided in the first section of this
act, whenever the Indian title shall be extinguished
by treaty or otherwise, not to exceed the ratio per
mile grantedin thefirst section of this act: Provided,
That said lands become a part of the public [domain]
lands of the United States.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That said Kansas
and Neosho Valley Railroad Company, its successors
and assigns, shall have the right to negotiate with,
and acquire from any Indian nation or tribe, au-
thorized by the United States to dispose of lands for
railroad purposes, and from any other nationortribe
of Indians through whose lands said railroads may
pass, subject to the approval of tho^res-ident of tho
United States, or from any company or parties in-
corporated or authorized for such purposes, by such
nation or tribe, or which such parties may have
acquired under the laws of the United States.
Sec. 11. And be it further cnacted, That any rail-
road company chartered under any law of the Uni-
ted States, or of any State, which may have been h ere-
toforo or shall hereafter berecognixcd andsubsidized
by any act of the Congress of the United States, may
connect, unite, and consolidate with this railroad
company, after the same shall be located to the val-
ley of the Neosho river, upon just, fair, and equita-
ble terms, to bo agreed upon between the parties, and
shall not be against the public interest or thcinter-
cst of the United States; nor shall any road autlrorized
to connect as aforesaid chargotheroad so connecting
a greater tariff per mile for freight or passengers than
