m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
be six years, instead of throe, as the law of our ■
State requires before his admission to prac- j
tiee. - !
Mr. President, slavery is abolished, and that j
I .think ought to be sufficient for the lovers of
freedom in this country, and especially for my
friend from. Massachusetts. 1 hope what I say
will be taken in good part; but what does that
honorable Senator know about the condition
of the negro race? I know he lia,s made it a
study for a great many years of his life; he has
read the newspapers; he has read volumes of
records here, as he says; he has read many
private letters; and yet in the State in which
he lives there are not enough persons of that
race to make milestones along their public
roads. What opportunities for actual personal
observation and knowledge has lie had ? None
whatever. Why, sir, he was never kind enough
until this war was over to visit the southern
States and make an inspection for himself. Tf
he had come to the State in which T live, as he
has in political times I believe visited the upper
portion of it, he would have been kindly re-
ceived, and might have had opportunities to
observe the condition of the negro popula-
tion 
Mr. WILSON. Will tie Senator allow me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator that
in the year 1855, ten years ago, I visited the
State of Delaware, attended a very great meet-
ing in the city of Wilmington, made one of the
most radical abolition speeches that it was in
my power to make, and I received the kiudest j
treatment from the people of that city, a very j
large number of them thinking ili<ni precisely ]
as 1 thought, and 1 have no doubt that a great ;
many more of them think with me now; and I j
have the greatest confidence that in a very - iiorl
time the whole Siato of Delaware will think on i
these questions very much as I do, ami I am
not without hope that the Senator from .Dela-
ware will himself. [Laughter.]
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, we are
told that
"Hope springs eternal in the hulnan breast."
[Laughter. ] "Hope on, hope ever," but you
are doomed to disappointment. [Laughter.]
Sir, during the shock of this terrible war. with
your military power at every polls in my State,
with funds enough to accomplish any purpose
that could be accomplished with funds; when
I and other Democrats had to go to the polls
under crossed bayonets and deposit our bal-
lots ; when with my own eyes I saw your mil-
itary driving honest voters from the polls and
running them into the woods, when to my cer-
tain knowledge they had to sleep out and did
sleep out in the pine thickets for three nights
in succession, you were not a bio to carry the
State of Delaware. The child is yet to he born
and grow gray-lieaded that wilt ever see the
State of Delaware become the disciple of Mas-
sachusetts. Wo are not like a certain dhtm-
guished gentleman, who was once a flaming
Democrat, and has figured largely, not on the
field of battle, but .'istheaecucerof others. who
left the State of Kentucky aud went to Boston,
as he said there in a public speech, to drink in
liberty at its fountain. We do not drink lib-
erty from any such fountain. We remember
the great and the good men who have left for
our instruction lessons of wisdom and of pa-
triotism. V\ e follow the light of their example.
No modern rush-lights attract us. We are a
staid people; if the honorable Senator pleases,,
we are a conservative people, and we wish to
preserve the Constitution of our country as it
was handed down to us by our fathers. We
vt ish to preherve the form and system of gov-
ernment which they established. We wantnot
the old house toi'n down and a new house built
up by modern architects." We, and our ances-
tor: before us, have lived in the tenmle of 111i-
eity which the groat architects of revolution-
ary 'lines built. It afflorded hheiter, comlV.i.
and protection to ourfathers and lou<. 't hocli
folly and madness drove a, portion of the neopio
tff tho States into armed resistance against the
Federal authority, we did not follow their ex- j
ample. Wo advised kindness, conciliation, and
compromise, for the sake of the Union which
our lathers formed and for the sake of the lib-
erty which they bequeathed us. And now, sir,
that opposition to the Federal authority has
been suppressed, that nowhere, in the language
of the honorable Senator, does a hostile foot
tread American soil; now that no hostile llag
floats in the breeze challenging admiration and
comparison with our own national flag, we^ say
that the true policy of the American people is to
come back to that system of government which
their fathers established, and to the adminis-
tration of that Government in the spirit which
the fathers practiced.
Mr. President, if we shall follow their ex-
ample. happy, fortunate indeed, will it be for
the whole country. Surely there has been
enough of animosity, unkindness, bitterness,
and hatred to satisfy the keenest spirit of re-
venge. Let now the same spirit of kindness
and conciliation which characterized the annual
message of tho President of the United States
be shared by the members of the two Houses
of Congress, and soon, although war lias trod
the earth with the crushing step of a giant,
peace, harmony, and prosperity will everywhere
prevail.
Mr. WILSON. A single word. The Senator
from Delaware says that
" Hope springs eternal in tile human breast."
I think that Senator must boa disciple of that
school, or ho could not indulge the hope of the
revival of the Democratic party. [Laughter.]
The gentleman says that Delaware does not
drink at the same fountain of liberty with Mas-
sachusetts. 1 am aware that she has diunk at
another and a different fountain in the past;
but as the fountain of liberty from which Mas-
sachusetts drinks is that pure fountain from
which the wise anil the good of all countries
and all ages have drank, I am not without hope
that little Delaware will drink deeply at that
fountain in the future.
Sir, the Senator objects to my remark about
conservatism. I have studied somewhat care-
'fully the political I;T.tory of the country during
the last fifteen or twenty years, and I have
always noticed that when I heard a man prate
about beinc a conservative and about conserv-
ation, lie was about to do some mean thing.
[Laughter. ] I never knew it to fail; in fact it
is about the iirst word a man utters when he
begins to retreat. The Senator speaks of the
"old fogies that made the Constitution." If
lie uses that language as his own, be it so : but
I hope he does not impute it to me or to those
with whom 1 act.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me a moment?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I only used the lan-
guage that I supposed would be used by those
who were so constantly engaged in 'amending
,j the work of the sages who formed the Consii-
l| tucion, not because i considered ihem in that
:! light.
Mr. WIT,SON. Mr. President, I think the
men who landed at Plymouth rock and founded
the first Christian and democratic common-
wealth in America were radicals, not conserv-
ative 3; that thev ran away from conservatism
and became radicals in America. The men
who promulgated the Declaration of Independ-
ence were denounced in their day and gen-
;j emtion radicals, as nooodies ; they made
I' ihem.:el ves somebodies, however, by being r;:d-
i icais. Tho men who made the (Jem dtetion
! were those same radicals who had carried us
ij through the lire and blood of ihe Revolution
'[ and iounded a nation. Thor.'i men were radi-
al cni eroeeh to provide that the men of other
■I generanoes could amend the work of their
ij hands ; and we, like our radical lathers, accept
]j the living ttiidi . of the [if'Sent, and vt hieor-
' jeer;,;" 'ot" th.j '"one;! a^mta! tji'i le laodv.hai
1 r i.r <■ - u-M'tk' tIs'- eeem - y v,hat i. - foeed-
-V-. ! -d ii d'ouhl b --dmt U all. The
; oenatitr thijik-; there '..'ill be more Democrats
it here if we amend the Constitution, as the other
Ilonse yesterday proposed to us to do, by pro-
viding that the debts incurred to destroy the
country shall not be paid. 1 hardly think any
Democrat will over enter this Chamber upon
that issue. But, sir, I shall detain tiie Senate
no longer.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We ought to have an
executive session; there arc executive papers
on the table that ought to be referred.
Mr. WADE. I withdraw my motion.
executive session.
On the motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, tho Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time speut in_executive
session, the Senate adjourned. Under the
resolution of the two Houses, the adjournment
is until Friday the 5th of January, 180G.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 21, 1805.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Botxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MEMBER SWOICT IN.
Mr. BIDWELL. I rise to a question of
privilege. I present the credentials of Hon.
I)elos R. Ashley, Representative-elect from
the State of Nevada, who is now present and
desires to be sworn in.
Mr. Delos R. Ashley presented himself and
qualified by taking the oath prescribed by law.
regents op tiie smithsonian institution.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed the following regents of the Smithso-
! nian Institution on the part of the House from
j and after tho 27th of December, 18G5; Messrs.
i James W. Patterson of New Hampshire, John
F. Farxswohtii of Illinois, and James A. Gar-
field of Ohio.
committee appointed.
The SPEAKER also announced that he had
appointed the following Committee on Mines
and Mining: Messrs. William Higuv of Cali-
fornia, Dei.os R. Ashley,of Nevada, Amasa
Coin; of Wisconsin, Myf.ii Stuouse of Penn-
sylvania, Joux F. Deiggs of Michigan, James
M. Ashley of Ohio, Joiix II. D. Henderson
of Oregon, 'William B. Allison of Iowa, and
Thomas E. Noell of Missouri.
itxrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 4)
for the relief of Mrs. Mary Lincoln, widow of
the late President of the United States; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 0) authorizing
the President to divert certain funds heretofore
appropriated, and cause the same to bo used for
immediate subsistence and clothing, tVc., for
dc stiiuta Indians and Indian tribes; when tho
Speaker signed the same.
tiie naval academy.
Mr. PIIELPS, by unanimous consent, snb-
j! milled the following resolution ; which was read,
11 considered, and agreed to:
■j llczolr.prf, Thnl the Feiuelai y of the Ti eri<iiuy be di-
,: rcetu'l to report for the infornnuioii of the House, what
; amount hns been cxpoiHicd on the permanent estob-
■ ' lisbmeiitoi the Xavu! Ae:id<*rn> at Annapolis. from its
i: ioua-Lition to the present time.
;! r-uivijvi o'cm: akmy register.
'' !Mr. SCKEXCK, byunanimous consent, sub-
mined tlic following resolution ; which was
referred, under the law. to the Committee on
[ Priming:
i That j]vc thousand copies of the Army
' ..'f the United States for the year 18i>5 bo
, printed for the of this House.
: | iir:<ol crrox he ed .
jh\ IFI'jjBAiID. of Connecticut, hy unani-
mous i-iUM-wt. f-'dim-iidwl the lidlowin/v rcfi'du-
tioi.: vhi,h va.-road, and r IciTod to the Com-
,| miiKje oil Foreign Affairs:
'I llcGolvcd, That the Government of tlio United States
