2138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
from papers $074, a fewer number of papers
than the year before; and you had from the
sale of stamps $12,958, being a sijm total of
$14,812, showing a decrease in one year of
$1,685. To my mind this is a painful revela-
tion, and it speaks volumes.
Thus, sir, does it appear from this somewhat
minute survey that this Territory hag gone back-
ward in population, in agriculture, in mining,
and in the Post Office. But this is not all; this
is not its only retrogression ; there has been a
worse retrogression than any in population or
agriculture or the Post Office. There has been
a retrogression in republican principle. The
Territory began by a recognition of human
rights. As it proceeded hero also was another
retrogression, and it denied what it began by
recognizing. Like Peter, it denied its Lord.
1 add, therefore, to this exhibition of the
failure of this Territory, its failure in repub-
lican principles, and this 1 shall proceed to
show by the authority of the present Gov-
ernor ot the Territory in his message communi-
cated to the Legislature of the Territory under
date of January 20, 1806. By this message it
appears that the original organic act creating
the Territory pro\ ided that the qualification of
voters should be "such as shall bo prescribed
by the Legislative Assembly." Under the au-
thority thus conferred, the Legislative Assembly
at its first session passed a law regulating elec-
tions, which was approved November G, 18G1,
providing that—
" Every male person of the aj?c of twenty-one years
or upward who shall tiavo resided in 1 lie Territory for
three months next preeedincr any election shall be
deemed a qui^iticd voter jit such election."
Hero is no discrimination of color. This was
the way this Territory began in 1HG1; but, as it
proceeded, the same failure which showed itself
in other respects showed itself in its devotion
to I he principle embodied in this legislation,
until at last the Legislative Assembly at its
session of IKlif, by an act approved March J 1,
l^iil, declared that no person being a negro or
mulatto should ho a voter. The language of
(lie .statute was —
lwcry male ci! i/en of I lie a're of twenty-one years
or n [ > U"i nl, un/ lU'jru ormulu/lu,t- hall lie deemed
it <iu.iIihei 1 voter.-'
Here, by expressed language, open andbnie-
(iiced. negroes and mulaltoes were put under
tile ban. A eastwas est ah 1 ished. A disennii-
nalion, odious, offensive, and unchristian was
organized in the statutes of the Territory.
Sir, consider, that, when this act was passed,
in March, lHli!, the country was still struggling
in that Icmhle war involving the great,'ques-
tion o( justice to the colored race. At that
moment (his distant community, already aspir-
ing lo be| a Stale in lite I'nion, undertook to
put its feet team iIn) colored race that, hud
began to giither under ils jurisdiction. We are
told they are few in number, perhaps a hun-
dred ; but. out or that hundred then: are some
se\enty who promptly went forlh as soidiersto
do battle for your flag ; but when they returned
to their homes they found that the franchise
that, thev had already enjoyed was taken from
them ; that (hey who had periled life for to save
the Republic and to aid it m establishing the
rights ot all, when they once more found t hetn-
seives at, their own firesides were despoiled of
their own. Sir, am 1 wrong when J say that
here was a retrogression in republican princi-
ples; that hero was a departure fiom those
Jumhimental truths which are essential to our
0 overnment. It was, I say, a departure and ret-
rogression because this community had begun
!'1, !)y rec«an'zing these truths;
but as ll blasted by some evil genius, the,same
lailure that attended it in population, in agri-
culture. in mining, and in other respects,
seemed to descend upon its moral sense,
Mr. SIi'jWAliT. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Air. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. I would inquire of the
Senator if at the time he voted for this enabling
act he supposed that the laws of Colorado
allowed negroes to vote.
Mr. SUMNER. It the Senator will be good
enough to wait till I come to that point I shall
answer it. I would rather not answer it now,
but in the proper place.
Mr. STEWART. Then I have another
question to ask, founded on that.
Mr. SUMNER. You had better, perhaps,
ask me then.
Mr. STEWART. Very well. _
Mr. SUMNER. I shall consider the ques-
tion to which the Senator directs my attention
at another place. I do not wish to avoid any-
thing. I was now portraying the failure of
this community ; its fall, rather let me say. I
do not use too strong language. I say it was
a fall when this community, which had sol-
emnly enacted justice, after the lapse of throe
years reversed its own decree, and solemnly
enacted injustice. There it stands on the stat-
ute-book. You must recognize it. You can -
notblink it outofsight. You cannot be insen-
sible to it. It is a fact in the history of this
Territory. No other Territory in the history
of the country has ever been thus guilty. No
other Territory which has risen to the height
of justice has ever descended again so low.
No other Territory which has undertaken to
recognize the rights of man has afterward
undertaken to overthrow them.
The Governor of the Territory, in the mes-
sage which I hold in my hand, speaking of
this question, says in language which does him
honor: " It seems incredible, and were it not
for the record it would be incredible, that
such a measure could have been adopted at
such a time."
The Governor in the same message goes on
to show that, these same colored men while
despoiled of the elective franchise are never-
theless compelled to pay taxes to support the
whole government and to support the public
schools from which (heir children arc excluded.
Some of the more prosperous of them, in order
to secure education for their children, have
been obliged to send them to distant parts of
the country, because this churlish and unjust
community has denied to those children the
rights of education while their parents are
taxed ('or (lie support of schools. All this
again is set forth hv the Governor in the mes-
sage which 1 hold in my hand, and he then
adds:
" 1 do not propose in this connection to diseussthe
question oi eiiiutliLv oj race, aooitl which so many
weii.t" audio iimeh l.ilioi have been w.e ted; but j
submit without amnilcnl. the fact, that the colored
people m Uenver and various parts of the Tertirory
aio taxed fin educatinK white children, while their
own children .ire excluded from the public « hoofs
and your action will determine howlonir (his liuniil-
latim,' spectacle shall bo presented to the world.''
Could anything be more flagrant? And yet
this community now appeals for your favor and
countenance and welcome as a State.
T have ailuded to the message of the Gov-
ernor. f now cite another authority, which is
a telegraphic dispatch irom a colored citizen
of Colorado, which has traveled over the wires
a very long distance, as follows:
Dexver City, Colorado, January l.">, 1S66.
• T'J,m '•IJ7 fhe Territorial Legislature
lnlhbl allowed all persons over twenty-one to vote ,
without distinction of color. The taw pa^ul in 18(jl !
signed by (inventor .Lviuis, deprived colored citizens j
ot mc ritfht at the very time when appealing to them •
to help save the eountiy. The admission ot Colorado I
under her present_eons(itution makes that law per-
manent. it not admit ted now, this can be corrected
WILLIAM J. 11ARDIXG,
-4 votared citizen.
^Mr. IEL MBULL. If the Senator from
Massachusetts has the territorial statute by
him I wish he would read it. I do not under-
stand that any negro ever did vote in Colorado,
and I do not understand that there ever was a
law of that Territory declaring that "any per-
son1'' should vote. My information in regard
to it is that the right of voting was confined to
citizens, and they held in Colorado that a negro
was not a citizen. That is not my opinion, but
that was their opinion, and in point of fact no
colored person ever did vote there. The lan-
guage is not, according to my information, as
the Senator reads it. I wish he would read
the exact language if he has the statute.
Mr. SUMNER. I have read it from the
Governor's message; I will read it again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does he quote the
statute?
Mr. SUMNER. He quotes it precisely, and
he gives it the interpretation I do. As he
quotes it the word "citizen" is not there, and
it reads thus:
"Every male person of the age of twenty-one years
or upward who shall have resided in the Territory
for three months next preceding any election shall
be deemed a qualified voter at such election."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not the statute,
hut my information is that the word used was
" citizen."
Mr. HOWARD. What was the date of the
statute?
Mr. SUMNER. November 6, 1861, and it
was passed in pursuance of the organic act.
I have already referred to it amply ; I do not
wish to take up too much time in this discus-
sion. So the Senate will see that the question
presented by my friend from Illinois did not
arise there. There was no question of citi-
zenship. The language was broad and gen-
eral ; it was applicable to every male person
of the age of twenty-one years or upward, and
was the statute which in 18G4 was reversed.
In further exhibition of the retrograde spirit
which prevails in this Territory, I shall read a
brief extract from a letter which I hold in
my hand from a gentleman well known to my
colleague, who left Massachusetts to make a
home in Colorado—Hon. Rodney French. My
colleague knows him as an excellent person,
devoted to human rights, hating slavery, anx-
ious for freedom everywhere and always. He
is now at home in Massachusetts, and he writes
me as follows under date of April 18—you will
perceive that it is a very recent letter:
"The only colored man in the Territory who dared
to ofter to vote against the constitution was shot down
dead like a doff in the street the other dav, and no
more notice taken of it by the authorities than if ho
had. been a beast. T sincerely hope and trust the
motion to reconsider may not prevail."
. And now, sir. we are asked to admit this Ter-
ritory^ thus deficient in population, thus defi-
cient in agricultural resources, thus failing in
mining resources, thus failing in the Post "Of-
fice. We are asked to admit this Territory
with a constitution denying human rights. Will
you admit if? Will you by any such vote in-
terfere, as you surely will, with that just influ-
ence which yon ought to exercise in the recon-
st ruction of the States lately in rebellion ? You
have in those States this same question, shall
the word " white" be allowed to continue in
constitutions and statutes? And how can you
insist that it shall be excluded from constitu-
tions and statutes there, when you receive into
the Union this new community with a consti-
tution which tolerates this principle of exclu-
sion ? I have already said that you have com-
plete control of the whole question ; it is within
your absolute discretion; you may shut this
State out if you please; you may admit it if
you please ; but I call upon you to exercise
that discretion so that human rights may not
fail. Do not tell me that Connecticut failed
to _ overthrow this proscription. Sir, do not
imitate Connecticut. If you recognize this
proscription, you will be as bad as Connecticut.
And now, sir, what is the argument, if argu-
ment it be called, which is brought forward"in
favor of the admission of this community as a
State of the Union ? I know of but one, un-
less there be another which occurs in a whis-
per and not in debate, to which before I close
I may refer. I know ot but one argument
which has been adduced in debate, and that is
founded on the enabling act of March 21, 186 J,
which is entitled "An act to enable the people
of Colorado to form a constitution and State
government, and^ for the admission of such
State into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States." If I understand the
argument, it is that Congress by this statute
pledged itself in advance to admit this com-
munity as a State into this Union ; that we are
bound by this statute so that we cannot escape
this obligation ; that, in short, we are tied up
