1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the joint resolution cannot be con-
sidered to-day. .
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No. 345)
for the relief of Christina Elder, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions ; which was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from tbe Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Emma J. Hall, praying for a pension, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 181) for the relief of Emma
J. Hall. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
for tlio use of (lie Senate the regular number of
copies of the Dictionary of Congress, as revised
and brought down to date, have directed me
to report it back without amendment and rec-
ommend its passage ; and if there bo no objec-
tion [ will ask for its present consideration.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Jiesohrd, That there be printed for the uso of tho
Senate tho regular number of copies of the Dictionary
of Coiigref!., ,t-ve.viM-<l anil brought down to date, .mil
that, the same copyright be paid the compiler that wuk
paid to him by resolution of this body, adopted Juno
20,18114.
Mr. GRIMES. J object to the consideration
of that resolution.
Mr. RIDULIi. r appeal to the Senator from
Iowa to withdraw his objection. The commit-
tee have roiiHidered the resolution very care-^
fully, and the Senate might as well dispose of
it to-day as at. any other time. The committee
were unanimous in making the report.
The PRESIDENT p/-o tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over under the
rule.
isri.r, rhco'mmittki).
Mr. POLAND. I move to recommit tho bill
(S. No. 171) for the relief of lleubeu dough,
to the Committee on Pensions. The commit-
tee reported it back adversely on the second
morning after it, was referred to them, and some
papers which were left in my charge to be given
to the committee they failed to receive. 1
therefore, with the concurrence of the chair-
man, make this motion to recommit.
Tho motion was agreed to.
JUM.S INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONNTiSS asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
jS'o. IfCJ) to enlarge the muthern judicial dis-
trict. of California, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its t.itle, referred to
tho Committee on the Judiciary,,and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BitOWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
18!!) to iix eight hours' labor as a day's work
in all cases where laborers, mechanics, or arti-
sans may be employed by or under the author-
ity of the Government of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Allairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MOltUILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(>S. No. 181] to define more clearly the juris-
diction and powers of the supreme court of
the District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. M01CR1LL also asked, and by unani-
mous consent, obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 18-5J to preserve evidence of mar-
riages in the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. ISO) amendatory of an act to provide
for the reports of the decisions of the Supreme
Court of tho United States ; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEWART. I present a letter of the
reporter of the Supreme Court explanatory of
the bill, which I ask may be printed, and re-
ferred with the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON asked, andbyunanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 37) to provide for the repre-
sentation in Congress ot the States lately in
rebellion, and for the resumption of the prac-
tical relations of the said States to the United
States ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the committee on reconstruction, and
ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives had signed the following enrolled bills and
joint resolutions ; which were thereupon signed
by tho President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 0o) to quiet the title to certain
lands within the corporate limits of the city of
San Francisco ;
A bill (S. No. 112) for tho relief of James
Bawdin;. and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 70) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to transfer to the
National Home for Soldiers' and Sailors' Or-
phans, of Washington city, certain stores not
needed for the use of the Government.
KIDN'AI'l'INIJ IX T1IJS SOUTH.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Rrmhvtt, That the President of the United States
be requested to rommunK'-ito to the Senate, if not in-
compatible with the public, intere.it, any information
which may be. m the possession ot the Kxecmtive in
reg-urd to the alleged kidnapping of eolored persons
in thesotithern .States for tho purposo of soiling them
as slaves m (Juba or elsewhere.
THLUfittAPJI TO THE PAOH'TO.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
llrfm/vnl. That the Pen-clary of IVar be directed to
inform tlio Senate whether he, or any other otlioor or
person by bis order or under his advice, has granted
any riffhl or title to any person or persons or any cor-
poration to construct and operate a line of magnetic
telegraph from the city of New Orleans to tho city of
San Ki iinciseo or elsewhere on the Pacific coast, of the
United Plates; and if so, to whom such lifrht was
granted, or with whom such contract, was made, at,
what, time, upon what terms and condition, and by
wluil autlioiitj sueli rishtwnsKrantcdorsuch contract
made.
JOSE RKItwr 1UMIRKZ.
On motion of Mr. HARltlS, the hill (S. No.
17!!) to confirm the title of .lost Seralin llam-
iroii to certain lands in New Mexico, was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to confirm
the grant to JostSerafm Ramirez of the Canon
del Aqua, as approved by the surveyor general
of New Mexico January -H, 1800, and desig-
nated as number seventy in the transcript of
private land claims in New Mexico, transmit-
ted to Congress by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior January II, ISC,I, with a proviso that
this confirmation shall only be construed as a
relinquishment on the part of the United States,
and shall not affect the adverse rights of any,
person whomsoever.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the necessity of
this bill ?
Mr. HARRIS. It is under thc^treaty ceding
New Mexico to confirm a grant from the Mex-
ican Government.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Private Land Claims whether the grant pro-
posed to be confirmed by this bill lias been !
ascertained by him and by the authorities of !
the United States to be a perfect grant on the
part of the Government of Mexico. This mode
of confirmation of private grants is one that
has not been taken generally ; and unless the
case has been very closely examined, and the
Senator is able to say to us that it is a perfect
grant on the part of the Mexican Government,
1 should be unwilling that the bill should pass.
Mr. HARRIS. I have examined this case
with great care, and am satisfied that the claim
is just. This tract of land was granted to the
applicant by the Mexican Government, in due
form, according to the laws and usages of Mex-
ico and Spain. He was put in possession of it,
and has been in possession of it ever since;
he was in possession of it at tbe time New
Mexico was ceded to our country. Under the
law of 1854, requiring these grants to be ex-
amined by the surveyor general of New Mex-
ico, proof was taken by the surveyor general
of New Mexico, and ho made a report of it,
the concluding clause of which is as follows:
" The grant to the lands situated at the Canon del
Aqua wass made according to tho laws in cxistonco at
the time it was made. It is proved to have been in
the quiet and undisturbed possession of the applicant
from that date up to the present time. It is fully cov-
ered by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo of 1848. It
is theiefore approved, and respectfully transmitted
for tlio action of Congress in the premises."
This is in precise accordance with the act of
Congress, passed in 1851, in relation to such
claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BONDED WAREHOUSES.
Mr. CONNESS. It will be remembered by
tbe Senate, Mr. President, that there was amo-
tion pending for the reconsideration of the bill
relating to warehousing goods, and that it has
been pending in this body now for six or eight
weeks or thereabouts. I staled once before to
the Senate that when the bill had passed^ both
Houses 1, in accordance with the wishes of mer-
cantile men at San Francisco, telegraphed the
entire bill as having passed both Houses. Sub-
sequently there was a motion entered to recon-
sider, which has been discussed at, considerable
length, but at considerable periods of time
apart; and 1 now move that the Senate take
up the consideration of that motion and that
we have a vote upon it. It has been sufficiently
discussed. I have not undertaken to say any-
thing on the subject myself, although 1 will
state that the bill is one of great importance
to the people that I in part represent, that in
the absence of it every year since 1 have been
in tho Senate we have been called upon to pass
special acts to meet the dilheulties that arise
and which this is proposed to meet generally.
I do not desire to prolong remarks upon the
subject, but hope the Senate will take it up and
take a vote on it.
Mr. IIOWB. If my friend will indulge me,
I want to make a few remarks by way of per-
sonal explanation.
The I'llRSIPKNTpro tempore. Does the
Senator from California withdraw his motion
for that purpose temporarily?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. IIOWE. I find in the Washington cor-
respondence of the New York Times, Mr. Pres-
ident., some remarks which it has seemed to ma
worth while to notice. In speaking of the de-
bate whichtookplaccon Friday on the passage
of the concurrent resolution, this is said:
"Mr. Doolittlti's colleague, Mr. Howie, who tip-
pears to have an ambition to out-radical ail the radi-
cals, run into a trap upon invitation of Mr. Doolit-
tle to any one who holds that the Senate's function
was routined to the.simple examination of credentials
of applicants tor seats in the Senate, to show himself.
Upon this invitation Mr. Hovrn showed himself, arid
distinctly avowed that he entertained that view. He
stuck to it persistently, notwithstanding the whis-
pered admonishmentsfiom Mr.Pesskxplx and other
Republicans, who tugged at the coat-tail of the Wis-
consin Senator, and endeavored to make lum take
back the fallacy. This was, however, nuts to crack
for Mr. Dooltttlk, who went at it with a gusto, ana
completely demolished his colleague's theory.
Mr. President, I thought I might Bay to my
colleague that it was not exactly kind of lum
to be setting* such traps for one so simple ana
so verdant as myself. I do not think he ought
to do it. and I think it is very unkinfl of the
New York Times to laugh at me when I do iali
into them. I am afraid the New York limes
does not comprehend how terrible a thing it is
