3098
THE COJS1GEESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
June 12,
printing extra copies of the report of the re-
construction committee; have instructed me
to report it back without amendment and to
recommend its passage. I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered by unanimous consent and agreed
to, as follows :
Resolved, That fifty thousand additional copies of
the report of the joint committee on reconstruction
be printed for the u&e of the Senate.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I ask that a week's
leave of absence be granted to my colleague,
[Mr. WlLLEY.]
Leave was granted.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution, which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Report of the Commissioner of
Patents for 186S, when prepared, be printed, and that
four thousand extra copies be printed ior the use of
the Senate.
ARMY OFFICERS' ACCOUNTS.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 400)
to provide for the settlement of accounts of
certain public officers, to report it back with-
out amendment and recommend its passage.
It will take but a moment, and it is very im-
portant that the bill should bo passed. I ask,
therefore, that it be put upon its passage at
once.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that all moneys raised in the
United States for the support of refugees or
freedmen, and received by any officer of the
United States Army, shall bo charged against
such officer on the books of the Treasury De-
partment and accounted for by him in like
manner as if such moneys had been drawn from
the Treasury of the United States, and if any
part thereof shall have been expended for the
use of refugees or freedmen, the same shall
be passed to the credit of the officer, if, upon
examination of his accounts, it shall appear
to the proper accounting officer of the Treas-
ury that the amount expended was properly
disbursed for such refugees or freedmen, and
on the adjustment of the accounts of the offi-
cer, if any balance shall remain in bis hands
it shall be paid into the Treasury for a fund
for the relief of refugees and freedmen. Any
officer having such balance in his hands, who,
after being duly required, shall refuse or neg-
lect. to pay it over, or who shall, after due
notice, (iiil to settle his account, shall be pro-
ceeded against in the same manner as is pro-
vided for by existing laws in Ihe case of dis-
bursing officers who neglect or refuse to account
for moneys drawn from the Treasury of the
United States. Where accounts are rendered
for expenditures for refugees or freedmen, un-
der the approval and sanction of the proper
officers, and which shall have been proper and
necessary, but cannot be settled for want of
specific appropiiations, the same.may be paid
out of the l'und for the relief of refugees and
freedmen, on the approval of the Commis-
sioner of the Bureau of Refugees and Freed-
men.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
nrvBR and iiAitnoit bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to postpone the
present and all prior orders for the purpose of
taking up House bill No. 492—the river and
haibor bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (H.
R. No. 492) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works heretofore commenced under
authority of law, and for other purposes, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Ihe Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with several amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section one, line one hundred
and fifty, after the word "river" to insert the
word "Michigan;" so as to make the clause
read:
For improvement at the mouth of Saginaw river,
Michigan, $67,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line one hundred and seventy-four, to strike
out the word "twenty" before the word " thou-
sand" and to insert "thirty;" and after the
word "thousand" to insert "five hundred
so that the clause will read:
For improvement of the harbor of Green Bay, at
the mouth of Fox river, Wisconsin, $30,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
■line one hundred and eighty-three, after the
word "harbor" to insert the words "and the
use by such vessels of the erections or works
to which this appropriation may be applied
so that the clause will read:
For constructing works and improving the en trance
into the harbor of Michigan City, Indiana, $75,000:
Provided, That it sliall be first shown to the satisfac-
tion of the Secretary of War that a sum equal to
double the amount aforesaid has been expended by
the Michigan City Harbor Company in theconstruc-
tion o£ a safe and convenient harbor at that place:
And provided. That the passage of vessels to and from
said harbor, and the use by such vessels of the erec-
tions or works to which this appropriation may be
applied, shall be free and not subject to toll oreharge.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of the
first section, to insert the following:
For improvement,of the Kennebec river, in the
St ate of Maine, botween Sheppard point and the city
of Augusta, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment was to insert at the
end of the first section the following:
Fnr removal of obstructions to navigation in tho
Willamette liver, between Portland and its mouth,
in tho State of Oregon, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line thirteen, to strike out the word "at" and
insert the word "of;" in lino fourteen, to strike
out the words "Fort Snelling and;" and in
line fifteen, after the words "falls of St. An-
thony" to insert the following words:
And the upper or Rock rivor rapids of the Missis-
sippi rivci, with a view to ascertain tile most feasible
means, by economizing tho water of the stream, of
insuring tho passage, at all navigable seasons, of
boats drawing four teet of water; of the Minnesota
river, from its mouth to tho Yellow Medicine river,
in order to ascertain the practicability and expense,
by slack-water navigation or otherwise, of securing
the continued navigability of said stream during the
usual season of navigation; and for examining and
reporting upon tho subject of constructing railroad
bridges across the Mississippi river, between St. Paul,
in Minnesota, and St. Louis, in the State of Missouri,
upon such plans of construction as will offer the least
impediment to tho navigation of the river.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line twenty-eight, to strike out the words "at
Beef Slough bar, on the Mississippi river."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at tlio
end of section four the following:
And tho Secretary of War shall cause a survey to
bo made at the harbor of Burlington, Vermont, and
the harbor of Dunkirk, New York; at tho harbor of
Oak Orchard crccli, Now York, and at Muskegon,
White river, Manistee, and New Buffalo, in the
State of Michigan; the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, in
tho Stale, of Wisconsin; and the Rock river, in the
States of Illinois and Wisconsin, with its connections
with bake Winnebago; and the upper Columbia
river, Oregon.
The amendment was agreed to; and tlic
fourth section, as amended, reads thus:
Skc.4. And be it further cnocted, That the Secretary
of War is hereby directed to cause examinations or
surveys, or both, as aforesaid, to be made at the fol-
lowing points, namely: at Superior City, Eagle Har-
bor, Marquette, and Lac la Belle, on Lake Superior,
and at Ausable river. in the State of Michigan; of tho
Ohio river between Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, and Buf-
fington Island, West Virginia; of Sandusky rivor,
Ohio: at Chester harbor Pennsylvania; at Bridge-
port, Connecticut; at Hell Gate, New York; at the
port of Ogdensburff, New York; at San Francisco,
California; at the Grand Chain, in theOhioriver; at
the harbor of Baltimore, between Fort MeHenrv and
the mouth of the Patapsco river, in the State of Mary-
land; of the Mississippi river, between the falls of
Saint Anthony and tho upper or Rock river rapids of
the Mississippi river, with a view to ascertain tho
most feasible means, by economizing the water of the
stream, of insuring the passage, at all navigable sea-
sons, of boats drawing four feet of water; of the Min-
nesota river, from its mouth to the Yellow Medicine
river, in order to ascertain the practicability and ex-
pense, by slack-water navigation or otherwise, of
securing the continued navigability of said stream
during the usual season of navigation; and for exam-
ining and reporting upon the subject of constructing
railroad bridges across the Mississippi river, between
St. Paul, in Minnesota, and St. Louis, in the State
of Missouri, upon snoh plan of construction as will
offer the*least impediment to tho navigation of the
river; of Rock river; the Kennebec river above Gar-
diner, Maine; the Penobscot river above Hampden,
Maine; at the Zambro river, Minnesota; ut the Can-
non river, Minnesota; at the harbor and the mouth
of tho Eighteen-mile ereek, at Alcott, New York; at
St. Croix river, above the ledge; from the mouth of
Illinois river to La Salle; together with such neces-
sary estimates of cost, as hereinbefore provided, as
will enable the Secretary of War to determine what
improvements and public works shall be necessary at
the respective points aforesaid. And tho Secretary
of War shall cause a survey to be made at the harbor
of "Burlington, Vermont, and the harbor of Dunkirk,
New York; at the harbor of Oak Orchard creek, New
York, and at Muskegon, White river, Manistee, and
New Buffalo, in the State of Michigan ; the Fox and
Wisconsin rivers, in the State of Wisconsin: and the
Rock river, in the States of Illinois and Wisconsin,
with its connections with Lake Winnebago; and the
upper Columbia river, Oregon.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to offer this amend-
ment, to come in at the close of the first section
of the bill:
For continuing the repair of the piers in Saco river,
in the State of Maine, $40,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out in the second section the following
words:
The Secretary of War, before expending any part
of tho money herein appropriated, shall, where the
public interests require it, cause a reexamination and
resurvey of the public works hereby appropriated for;
and he is hereby authorized to change or modify the
present plan if in his opinion the public interest will
be materially benefited thereby.
That provision throws the whole bill into the
hands and at the discretion of the engineer in
charge of these works, and I know by experi-
ence that it is rather uncertain what he will
do. It gives him an arbitrary discretion, with a
great chance of favoritism, that I do not think
he ought to have. These surveys have been
made hitherto by competent engineers. All
the works provided for in the bill that I know
anything about arc old works that have got
somewhat out of repair, but their usefulness
everybody knows; the country has known it
foryears; there have been appropriations made
for them. Now, it is proposed before anything
is done, that, the engineer may cause, where
he pleases, a resurvey to be made, and no
money is to be expended until he shall make
a resurvey and himself arbitrarily point out
where the money shall be expended. It is no
more nor less than just referring the whole
matter to him. If that provision remains, the
bill need contain but a single section providing
that the engineer shall make such improve-
ments in rivers and harbors as he thinks will
be beneficial to the public interests. I think
it is too broad a discretion, especially when
the utility of these works is well known, when
large sums of money have been expended on
them, when thejr are essential to the safe navi-
gation of our rivers and lakes. I speak more
particularlyin regard to the lake harbors, which
I know more about and in which I take more
particular interest. I think no harbor upon
the western lakes is provided for in this bill
the utility of the improvement of which is not
perfectly well known, and it is almost indis-
pensable for navigation that they should be
kept in repair.
Now, it is proposed to leave it to the
engineer to say whether these works shall be
carried on or not, to order a resurvey where
he sees fit, and not to expend the money on
ary of the works unless he shall see fit to do so.
I believe that last year we made an appropria-
tion of a sum to be expended under the direc-
tion of the engineer where he thought best.
