1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
for so solemn a sheet as this is, to indulge in a
laugh. To one of my weak nerves, it is abso-
lutely frightful, and I hope the experiment will
notJ)e tried again upon me.
Now, Mr. President, I ask for one moment
to call attention to the trap that was set for
mo. I came into the Senate from the other
end of the Capitol, and I found my eolleaguo
asserting that some Senator "entertained the
opinion that the Senate can only judge of the
elections, qualifications, and returns of its
members." He boldly stated that some Sen-
ators had asserted that doctrine. Nobody
seemed willing to be responsible for it, and
inasmuch as the proposition was stated in the
exact words of the Constitution, I thought I
would venture to stand responsible for the cor-
rectness of the Constitution ; and so I advised
my colleague that if he could not find anybody
else to say it, I would say it myself. And now,
you see, whenever my colleague or any one else
sets a trap for me and baits it with the exact
words of the Constitution, I am extremely apt
to fall into it, because I snap at all such lan-
guage.
That was his proposition ; that was his accu-
sation; that was the heresy with which lie charged
Senators somewhere, that, the Senate could only
judge by itself of the elections, qualifications,
and returns of members ; and that is precisely
what the Constitution says the Senate can de-
termine for itself. That is the doctrine which
this correspondent of the New York Times says
my colleague pitched into with gusto and utterly
demolished. TIow did he demolish it? You
see that if he demolished it at all. he demol-
ished a clause of the Constitution ; and but for
the assertion of the New York Times—which
I am in the habit of reading, and which I be-
lieve—I should never have dreamed that he had
demolished the Constitution; but upon such
authority I shall not dispute it. How did he
demolish it? Why, he went on to argue like
this:
"Wc are to judge of tho 'elections' of Senators.
TVho elect Senators? Legislatures. Can anybody else
elcct them but Legislatures ? No. Therefore we are
empowered bv the Constitution to judge whether there
are any Legislatures."
Very well; the Senator argues that under the
power to judge of elections we can investigate
and ascertain and determine whether there are
Legislatures to elect. Having established that
he has demolished this clause of the Constitu-
tion. He was arguing as to what is included
within the power to judge of elections, and upon
that point there was no question between my
colleague and myself. There had been none
raised up to that time, and I do not know that
any lias been raised since. I simply asserted
that wo were only authorized by the Constitu-
tion to determine these three things. He goes
on to argue that in determining these three
things we may determine certain preliminaries
or certain incidents to these things, in other
words, ho is arguing as to what is included
within the power to judge of elections, and 1
was simply asserting that that was one of the
three things which we could determine. That
was the difference between my colleague's
argument and my proposition. I did subse-
quently put another question to him as to
whether, in judging of the qualifications, if a
given Legislature should send up here two gen- \
tlemen to take seats in the Senate, each one of (
them having the qualifications which the Con- j
stitution prescribed for all Senators, if we were 1
authorized to admit one and reject the other. |
I put that question to himbccause I was of the •
opinion that he held that we could not do so. j
I found by his reply that I was mistaken ; that
I woke up the wrong passenger decidedly. He ;
satisfied me in an instant that he did hold the i
very idea which I had supposed he repudiated. !
He says we could admit one and reject the !
other; we could reject them both; we could ,
admit two Senators from Canada. I find by j
looking at the debate that he did disclaim our |
power to admit three from Canada. We are
onlv limited to admit two from Canada; audi j
think he says we cannot admit but two from a j
■State, I
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My collcaguc will allow
me to state that in that connection I asked, if
we admitted twofrom Canada, what could the
House do about it ? But I said subsequently it
would bo revolutionary for us to admit Sena-
tors from Canada, but the other House could
not do anything about it, nor could the Presi-
dent. That was my point.
Mr. HOWE. Let me read the question which
I put to my colleague and the answer:
"Mr. Howf,. X wish my colleague would enlighten
me upon one point. Suppose the same Legislature
elects two Senators, each of whom has the age, citi-
zenship, and residence prescribed by the Constitution;
do I understand him to say that we can rcjeet one of
them and accept the other?
"Mr. Doolittle, I say that this body has absoluto
power over its membership, and from its decisions
there is no appeal. If they decide right or if they
decide wrong, you are without remedy; there is no
appeal. It two gentlemen wore to come here from
Upper Canada and claim that they had aright to seals
m this body, if we admitted tliem tho House could
not help themselves, nor the President either, nor
the Supreme Court, We arc just that independent
of all ot them.1' •
So then it amounts to just this: my colleague
insists that if two gentlemen come up here from
Georgia, elected by the same Legislature, having
the same qualifications, we can admit one of
them and reject the other just as well as we can
admit two Senators from Canada. Upon that
point, thus stated, I agree with him, and so I
do not foel any more demolished than I suppose
the Constitution of the United States feels.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As a matter of course
I do not desire to enter into any discussion with
my colleague on this matter of personal explana-
tion. The point I was making was that there
were some Senators who contended that it was
necessary that we should havo tho joint action
of the two Houses or some kind of legislation
before we could proceed to judge upon the
elections of Senators to this body from these
States.
BONDED WAREHOUSES.
Mr. CONNESS. Senators who have had so
much time to make themselves understood upon
the proposition debated by the Senators from
Wisconsin, it appears to me, are hardly excus-
able for occupying the morning hour upon it.
I now renew my motion to take up the bill (H.
R. No. 1U5) to extend the time for the with-
drawal of goods for consumption from public
store and bonded warehouse, and for other pur-
poses, which is pending on a motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. SPRAGITE. I desire to ask the Sena-
tor from Maine whether he intends to press the
consideration of the constitutional amendment
this morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was just about to call
the attention of the Senate to that matter. It
has been understood that the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Saulsbvuy] desires to speak
upon that question. He is, however, quite
unwell to-day, and desires that it. may be post-
poned until to-morrow, saying that if he is not
ready to proceed to-morrow he will-not ask tho
Senate to delay on his account. I feci, in such
a case, not disposed to press a Senator under
those circumstances; but I wish to inquire
whether there are any other gentlemen on either
side of the House who desire to address tho
Senate on that question and arc ready to do so.
If so, we may as well occupy tho time in hear-
ing tli em.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Del-
aware is not prepared to «-o on, there are other
Senators who would like to occupy the time
to-dav or at an early day.
Mr! FESSENDEN. "Very well, then, I shall
call up that question.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will not be called
up for a few minutes until we can get a vote
upon the proposition to which I have directed
the attention of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is to be no
lengthy debate on that subject I do not insist
upon calling up the other question now.
Mr. CONNESS. I think there is no dispo-
sition to debate it unless the honorable Sena-
tor from Rhode Island wishes to make another
speech,-and I think he has discussed it at suf-
ficient length*; but that is for hi&self to deter-
mine. I trust that he has said all that he
wishes to say, and that we shall soon come to
a vote upon it. I desire to say to the honor-
able Senator from Rhode Island that it is a
measure in which we feel as great an interest
as he can, and we are entitled to a vote upon
it. If the Senator has anything further to say,
of course he will proceed; but I hope we shall
have a vote this morning.
Mr. SPRAGU13. I consider it my duty to
fight this measure step by step under all cir-
cumstances and upon every occasion, to antag-
onize it with any measure which may be before
the Senate. I know of no other way when it
is presented here than to express my disappro-
bation of it in every sense, and I accumulate
hostility as often as the measure is postponed,
and I have new reasons for opposition every
day that I give reflection to the subject. I am
not willing that the measure shall be presented
to the Senate at any time without expressing
my disapprobation and recalling the ideas and
views I expressed on a former occasion. I do
not mean that they shall be forgotten if I have
voice enough to express the hostility I feel for
the measure, and I shall occupy the floor as,
long as I have ideas to express or memory to
bring them forward, whenever the measure is
taken up for consideration, whether this morn-
ing or to-morrow morning or the next day.
But I do hope the Senate will take time for the
consideration of this question and that it will
not'simply give it a minute or five minutes of
tho morning hour, but will assign to it some
particular portion of the week when it may re-
ceive the consideration of Senators. Each
lime that it has been discussed Senators have
been desirous of expressing their views ; there
is a hostility to the measure entertained by Sen-
ators who have reflected longer and more wisely
on the subject than I can ever expect to do,
and they have been cut off from giving their
opinions to the Senate. I trust that it will not
be taken up unless there is a disposition to give
it time.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired it becomes the duty of
the Chair to call up the special order.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 move that the special
order be temporarily laid aside until we can
get a vote on the measure to which I have called
attention.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may take all day,
and if so I cannot yield.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall not ask for its consid-
eration all day. It certainly is hardly fair that
after the honorable Senator from Rhode Island
has occupied as much time as he has he should
expect the Senate to dehi^ coming to a vote
upon a measuic that has been pending for six
or eight weeks. I am, I confess, astonished at
the position taken by tho honorable Senator
this morning. He certainly should not be con-
cerned to give other Senators an opportunity
to express their views; that is for them to de-
termine, he having said all that he desired to say
on the subject himself. I listened to him with
great care and interest. I hope we shall now
take the vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order can only be laid aside by common eon-
sent. If a motion is made to postpone the spe-
cial order and all other orders and proceed with
the measure referred to by the Senator from
California, the Chair will put the question on
that motion. If there be no objection, how-
ever, the special order may be laid aside in-
formally.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object.
Mr. CONNESS. I make the motion to lay
aside the special order not with the intention of
antagonizingthis measure to the proposition for
the amendment of the Constitution, in regard
to the consideration of which 1 feci as deep an
inter est as any Senator can ; but it is palpable
to the Senate that if it is to be its conceded
policy that one objection is to prevent the pas-
sage of a bill, we may as well adjourn. I hope
the Senate will agree to put the special order
