1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is chnrgedfor the same per mile by its own road: And
provided further. That should the Leavenworth, Law-
rence, and Fort Gibson Railroad Company, or the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, southern branch,
construct and complete its road to that point on the
southern boundary of the State of Kansas where the
line of said Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad shall
cross the same, before the said Kansas and Neosho
Yalley Railroad Company shall have constructed and
completed its said road to said point, then and m that
feyent the company so first reaching in completion
the said point on the southern boundary of the State
ot Kansas shall be authorized, upon obtaining the
written approvaloi the President oftheUnited States,
to construct and operate its line of railroad from said
point to a point at or near Preston, in the State of
Texas, with grants of land according to the provisions
of this bill, but upon the further special condition,
nevertheless, that said railroad company shall have
commenced in good faith the construction thereof
before the said Kansas and Neosho Yalley Railroad
Company shall have completed its said railroad to
said point: And provided further. That said other
railroad company, so having commenced said work
in good faith, shall continue to prosccute the same
with sufficient energy to insure the completion of the
same within a reasonable time, subject to the ap-
proval of the President of the United States: And
provided further. That the right of way, when not
otherwise granted in this bill, shall be obtained by
said Kansas and Neosho Valley Railroad Company,
or either of the other companies named in this act,
in accordance with the provisions of section three of
an &ct to amend an act entitled "An act to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure
to the Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes," approved July 1,1862.
Mr. ANDERSON. On behalf of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, I submit the follow-
ing amendment: in section one, line seventeen,
after "road" insert "to be selected within
twenty miles from the line of said road and
in same section, lino forty-four, strike out
"said" and "not" and insert "none of
them so it will read: " that none of the said
lands hereby granted shall be selected," &c.
Section three, line six, strike out "any De-
partment thereof," and insert " at the cost,
charge, and expense of said companies." In
line seven, after the word " Government," in-
sert " of the United States," and strike out
the words "at all times having the preference
in the use of the road for all the purposes
aforesaid, at fair and reasonable rates of com-
pensation, not exceeding that paid by private
individuals, or the average paid for like ser-
vices on other roads."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. YAN HORN, of Missouri, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
increase of pensions.
Mr. PBRHAM, from thecommittee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments of the Senate to bill of
the House No. 692, increasing the pensions
of widows and orphans, and for other pur-
poses, made the following report, upon which
he demanded the previous question:
The committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H- R. No. 692) increasing the pensions of widows
and orphans, and for other purposes, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same with the following amendments, namely:
Insert the following new sections:
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted. That if any per-
son, during the pendency of his application for an
invalid pension, butafter the completion of the proof
showing his right thcroto, has died or shall hereafter
die, but not in either case by reason of wounds re-
ceived or disease contracted in the service of the
United States and in the lino of duty, his widow, or
if he left no widow, or in the event of her death or
marriage, his relatives in the same order in which
they would have received a pension if they had been
thdleunto entitled under existing laws on account
of the service and death in the lino of duty of such
person, shall have the right to demand and receive
the accrued pension to which be would have been
entitled had the certificate issued before his death;
and in all cases where such person so entitled to an
invalid pension has died, or shall hereafter die, un-
der the circumstances hereinbefore mentioned, either
by reason of a wound received or disease contracted
in the service of the United States and in the line of
duty, or otherwise, without leaving a widow or such
relatives, then such accrued pension shall be paid to
the executor or administrator of such person in like
manner and effect as if such pension were so much
assets belonging to the estate of the deceased at the
time of his death.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That the repeal by
the act entitled "An act supplemental to the several
acts relating to pensions," approved June 6, 1866, of
parts of certain-acts mentioned in the first section of
said act shall not work a forfeiture of any rights ac-
crued under or granted by such parts of such acts so
repealed, but such rights shall be recognized and
allowed in the same manner and to all intents and
purposes as if said act had never passed, except that
the invalid pensioner shall bo entitled to draw from
and after the taking eifect of said act, the increased
pension thereby granted in lieu of that granted by
such parts of such acts-so repealed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted. That nothing in
the fourth section of the act entitled "An act supple-
mental to the several acts relating to pensions," ap-
proved March 3,1866, or in any other supplementary
or amendatory acts relating to" pensions; shall be so
construed as to impair the right of a widow whose
claim for a pension was pending at the date of her
remarriage, to the pension to which she would other-
wise bo entitled had her deceased husband left no
minor child or children under the age of sixteen
years. HENRY S. LANE,
P. G. VAN WINKLE,
GARRETT DAVIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
S. PERHAM,
M. C. KJ3RR, .
P. SAWYER,
Managers on the part of the Rouse.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The report of the committee of confcrence
was agreed to.
Mr. PBRHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james f. johnson.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was bill of the Senate No. 374, for the relief
of James P. Johnson; which, was read a first
and second time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved that the
bill be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
british ship magicienne.
The next business in order on the Speaker's
table was the bill of the Senate No. 297, for
the relief of the owners of the British vessel
Magiciennc; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move that that
bill be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that motion will not
prevail. It is merely an appropriation to carry
out a treaty.
Mr. PRICE. Is not this an appropriation
bill?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It contains an
appropriation, and I ask that it go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The bill certainly contains
an appropriation.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Then I make
the point of order that it must be first consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The bill was referred, under the rules, to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
wyandotte and quindaro churcii.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 353, for the relief of the trust-
ees of the Mission church of the Wyandotte
Indians; which was read a first and second,time.
The bill was read at length. It appropriates
the sum of $4,680, in consideration of the de-
struction of their church buildings and library,
to the trustees and stewards of the Wyandotte
and Quindaro church, the same to be applied
to the rebuilding of said buildings and inclos-
ing the grave-yard of the Wyandotte Indians,
of the State of Kansas.
Mr. WINDOM. I askthatthis billbeputupon
its passage at this time. TheSenate has twice
passed this bill, and although the bill has not
been taken from the Speaker s table j it has been
examined by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
for they knew they would -not possibly Jiave
time to report if the bill was referred to them.
It provides a certain sum of money to supply
what was destroyed in the border-ruffian times
in Kansas, at which time the Government was
under treaty obligation to protect these Indians;
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, I do not intend
to offer any factious opposition to any bill.
Bat we all know that just at the close of the
session we are liable to be imposed upon by
claims which members may think at the time
to be right. Now, I do not know anything
about this claim, and I suppose most of the
members here are in the same situation. I
therefore prefer that this claim should go to
the Committee of Claims. If there is atiy
objection to that, then I shall insist that it be
referred to the Committee of the Whole as
containing an appropriation.
Mr. WINDOM. it does not belong to the
Committee of Claims. If it goes to any com-
mittee it' should go to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I insist upon
my point of order, that this bill contains an
appropriation, and therefore, under the rule,
should go to the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the bill will be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
james p. johnson.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to enter a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill
for the relief of James P. Johnson was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was entered.
northern judicial district of georgia.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 882, to change the place
of holding the court in the northern district
of Georgia; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read at length. It provides for
changing the place of holding the court of the
northern district of Georgia from Marietta to
Atlanta.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed: and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
asbury chapel, washington.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 361, to authorize W. J. Sibley
and others, trustees, to sell and convey lot No.
9, in square No. 76, in the city of Washington;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length. The preamble
sets forth that lot No. 9, in square No. 76, in
the city of Washington, was conveyed for the
purpose of erecting a church, but the church
was not built, though one has been erected near
there to which the trustees desire to apply the
proceeds of said lot. The bill grants to the
trustees authority to sell the lot and apply the
proceeds to the "benefit of Asbury chapel, of
the city of Washington.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move to re-
fer this bill to the Committee on the Judiciary,
upon which I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken upon the motion to
refer; and upon a division, there were—ayes
41, noes 40 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevens, and
Mr. Lawrence of Ohio, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 48.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
