1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2139
by tliis statute. This is a strong assumption ;
but I believe it is an accurate statement of the
position of the other side.
Now, sir, I think I can easily show that this
is a great mistake. I may remind you in the
first place that the President to whom this
question was naturally submitted first, in a
message to the Senate has expressly stated to
you that in his opinion the new constitution
which is now before the Senate was not formed
in pursuance of the enabling act. In that mes-
sage he sets forth the character of this enabling
act, shows that there was an attempt to form
a constitution in pursuance of it which failed,
and that there was another constitution formed
by political bodies independent of the enabling
act, which he has submitted to your consider-
ation. Of this second constitution he says:
"The proceedings in the second instance for the
formation of a State government having differed in
time and mode from those specified in the act of
March 21,1864, I have declined to issue the procla-
mation tor which provision is made in the fifth sec-
tion of the law, and therefore submit tlio question
for the consideration and further action of Con-
gress."
Thus, sir, the President did not feel author-
ized to issue his proclamation in pursuance of
this enabling act declaring Colorado a State in
the Union; he referred the question to you,
and you must decide it; and here, again, 1
shall road another dispatch from the same tel-
egraphic correspondent that I read from before,
as follows:
"Denver City, Colorado, January 18,1866.
" Please contradict in the newspapeis tliebtoriesso
industriously published at the East that the recent,
bastard State movement was in compliance with the
terms of the enabling act. iS'ot one single condition
of the enabling act was ob>crved, and many of its
provisions were clearly violated, particularly tilat
one which says the Btate constitution should accord
with the principles oi the Declaration ot Independ-
ence."
If we examine these proceedings in detail,
we shall see clearly how they differ from the
requirements of the enabling act. In short,
they are inconsistent with it, or outside of it so
far as to derive no support from this act. This
is clear as day.
It appears that this enabling act was approved
on the 21st of March, 1804. Among other things
it provides in section three that the Governor
shall " by proclamation on or before the first
Monday of May next, order an election of repre-
sentatives" " to be held on the first Monday in
.Tune thereafter throughout the Territory.'' You
will observe that this election is to be held at
u specified time, the first Monday in June. This
is a fixed point.
Then, again, by another provision it is de-
clared that "in ease a constitution and State
government shall be formed for the people of
said Territory of Colorado, in compliance with
the provisions of this act, the said convention
forming the same shall provide by ordinance
for submitting said constitution to the people
of the said State for their ratification or rejec-
tion at an election to be held on the second
Tuesday of October, 18G4."
There again you have another fixed date,
containing a limitation in time. The consti-
tution was to be submitted at a specified date ;
the representatives to the convention were to
be chosen at a specified date. Then the Inst
section of this statute provides for the admis-
sion of Colorado as a State into the Union.
How? " In pursuance of this act,;" innoother
way. Thus the State, in order to claim any
benefit under this act, must, comply with ail the
conditions of the act; its representatives must
be chosen at, the time mentioned and the con-
stitution must be accepted by the people at the
time, mentioned, and everything must be "in
pursuance of this act." Those conditions fail-
ing, the act fails.
Now, sir, what occurred? The Governor, in
pursuance of this act, did call together a con-
vention at the day specified, and that conven-
tion did submit a constitution to the people
which, at the day specified, was voted on and
rejected. At that vote there were for the con-
stitution 1,520 votes only. Against it there were
4,672 votes. When that constitution was rejected
the enabling act expired; it was /unclus officio;
it had been acted upon and under. There was
nothing more to be done in pui-suance of it.
But,, sir, the next year certain parties desirous
to galvanize this small community into a State,
through political conventions or caucuses, act-
ingthrough the committees of the different par-
ties, got together a convention whichproeeeded
to adopt a constitution which, after being sub-
mitted to the people, was adopted by a vote of
155 majority, and you have now the question
before you whether that constitution, adopted
under such circumstances, shall be recognized
by the Senate. Surely not in virtue of the
enabling act, because in reality nothing had
been done under this act.
I have said that, the enabling act had expired.
It is in vain for Senators to cite it on this occa-
sion. You cannot imoke it. These parties
cm claim nothing under it. It is like an obso-
lete statute which we read in the statute-book,
but which we never undertake to adduce for
authority. It stands as a monument showing
what Congress had required, and showing also
what this community had failed to perform.
In adducing it, you bring authority against the
present pretension, for you show clearly that
thispretension had no foundation in this statute.
But, sir, even assuming that the enabling act
was in a condition to be employed for the
organization of this Territory, which 1 insist
that it was not, then it is my duty to go further
and show you that these parlies, as tins colored
telegraphic correspondent from Denver says,
did not in any respect comply with the enabling
act. Why, sir? By the enabling act the con-
vention w,is to be called by the Governor. IIow
was it called? By the executive committees
of political parties, being so many caucuses.
Such was the origin of the convention which is
to give you a new State. "What authority for
that do you find in the enabling act ? Be good
enough, if you please, to point out a single word
which can justify any such transaction. And
yet wo have been gravely told that (his strange
anomalous hucun pocus was by virtue of the
enabling aet. A-s if m every respect it was not
plainly inconsistent with the enabling act.
Still further, in the second place, the ena-
bling act declares that ''the constitution shall
be republican in form." This is a fundamental
condition. I submit with confidence that a
constitution which denies the first piinclple of
human rights cannot be republican in form.
Do not tell me that tlieie arc States in this
Union which have such constitutions. That, is
no answer. We arc not, called to sit in judg-
ment on those constitutions ; we have no power
to lcvise them ; we arc not to vote upon them;
but here in this case we are called to sit in
judgment upon this constitution, to revise it,
and to vote upon it. You are to declare by
your votes whether a constitution which tram-
ples upon the principle of human equality is
republican in form. 1 insist that it is not.
Still further, this enabling act declares that
"the constitution shall not be repugnant to
the principles of the Declaration of Independ-
ence." I ask you, what is the first principle
of the Declaration of Independence? Isitnot
in solemn words that all men are created equal,
and that all just government stands on the con-
sent of the governed? Does any one deny that
these are the words? You know them by heart:
your children learn them m their earliest in-
fancy; and whatever is done in this Territory
is to be brought to these words as to a touch-
stone. This is a requirement of the enabling
act. Therefore do I say that even if you insist
that the enabling act is an authority for this
proceeding, then do I reply, that this commu-
nity has not in any respect brought itself within
its "terms. It has not complied with its terms
either of principle or of proceeding. The pro-
ceedings were not according to the enabling
act; the principles are in defiance of the ena-
bling act. Tried by either standard, the whole
effort must miserably fail.
But it is sometimes said that there is an
inconsistency in opposing the admission of this
State into the Union at this time when we voted
for the enabling act; and my friend from Ne-
vada put me a question a few moments ago
whether at the time of the passage of the ena-
bling act it was supposed here in the Senate
that colored persons exercised the elective
franchise. Now, sir, as to the question of
inconsistency 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds to that point, as I asked him a question
a moment ago whether colored persons ever
voted in Colorado, and as I stated that I had
been informed that they did not vote there,
and that the act under which he supposed they
voted was confined to citizens, and that the
term 1' citizen'' was construed in Colorado not
to embrace colored persons, I desire to read
the statute. lie read from what purported to
bo the law of Colorado; but I find, on an exam-
ination of the statute which I hold in my hand,
that the right of suffrage was confined to citi-
zens.
Mr. SUMNER. Do you refer to the organic
statute?
.Mr. TRUMBULL. I refer to the statute of
Coloiado, which the Govcfnor professes to
interpret in his communication from \vhieh the
Senator from Massachusetts read, in which he
says that all persons twenty-one years of age
being males were entitled to vote. Such was
not the law of Colorado.
Mr. SUMNER. Have you the statute ?
Mr. TRUMB U1 jTj. I have the statute before
me and 1 will read it. What he has quoted is
true; but it is only a part, and it misled the
Senator from Massachusetts. I will read the
section:
" That every male person of the age of twentv-one
years or upward, belonsm^to cither of the following
classes, who shall have ) esided in the Territory for
three months next preceding any election, and ten
davs in the township, precinct, or ward, in which he
oilers to vote, shall be deemed a qualified voter at
su"h election :
"1. Citizens of the United States.
" 2. Peisonsofforci'-ui birth who have declared their
intcnlinu to become citizens conformably to the Jaws
of the United States on tlsc subjeetof naturalization.
Persons of Indian blood who have been de-
clared by treaty to be citizens of the United States."
'Those classes only can vote; and the Senator
will see that the Governor by quoting only the
first line i: every male person of the age of
twenty-one years or upward," without quoting
the rest of the section, which goes on to declare
"belonging to the following classes,'' misled
him, and that the right of suffrage was confined
to citizens of the United States and foreigners
who had declared their intention to become
ei.izens.
Now, sir, I will not be understood as saying
that in my opinion a colored person is not a
citizen. I believe he is; but such was not the
understanding in Colorado, and no colored
person ever did vote there, as I am informed
by persons from the Territory ; and certainly
they could not vote unless they were citizens.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will indulge
me in saying that I do not think his statement
t h a
Mr. TRUMBULL. That may be, but it is
best to be right.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit that the statement
of the Senator does not alter the case. Clearly
it is best to be right. In the first place, 1 have
followed the message of the actual Governor
of the Territory. I felt that I conld not follow
better authority. I hold his message as com-
municated to the Legislature now in my hand.
Mr. STEWART. Now let me put my
question.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. STEWART. At, the same time with
the passage of the Colorado enabling aet a bill
was passed for the admission of Nevada. I
want to ask the Senator if he voted for the
enabling act of Nevada. This enabling act
provided in the same manner that persons
allowed to vote on the question of organiza-
tion should be the same as those who votedfor
members of the Legislature, &c., in the ler-
ritorv. I wish to state for the information of
the Senator that in the fall of 1861 Nevada
passed a law excluding negroes from suffrage,
and it was on the statute-book m 1864 and had
