mm
THE eOFaBfiSSIONAL GLOBE.
July 23,
•'tee. GARFIELD moved to reconsi-der the
vote by which the Mil was 'passed; tend also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreedto. :
KICHARt) W. MEADE, DECEASE!).
The nisxf,.business upon, the Speaker's table
was Senate joint resolution .No.- 39, to refer
tine claim of the administrator of Richard W.
Meade, deceased, to the Court ofClaims; which
read, a fir&t.apd . second time. . .. ■ .
- -Mr, LAVPliENCE, of Ohio.. :f inove that
tlfiS; bill be referred to "the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. WOODBBJDGE. Thiffmatter has been
before the Committee on the Judicial^, and by
a vote of that committee I, as a member of it,
was. instructed to report a bill to the House
with arecommendation thatitpass. But before
the Judiciary Committee was called the reso-
lution was passed by the Senate and came here.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. As this joint
resolution has been considered by the Judi-
ciary Committee, I will withdraw the motion to
refer.
Mr. WOOD BRIDGE. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time and passed.
Mr. WOOD BRIDGE moved to reconsider
the -vote by which the joint resolution was
passed ; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON GLASS COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 227, to incorporate the Wash-
ington Glass Company; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. ALLISON". I move to refer that bill to
the Committee for the District of Columbia;
and upon that motion I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS W. STEVENS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 385, for the relief of Thomas
W. Stevens; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. This is.a simple claim,
which lias been examined by the Committee
of Claims, and 1 have their leave to say that
it is correct.
The bill was read at length. • It provides for
the payment of $1,025 50 to Thomas W. Ste-
vens, on account of services as inspector of
customs at the port of Albany, from the 1st of
March, 1862, to the 1st of April, 1863.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I call the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. HOTCHKISS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOUTHERN BRANCH UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 224, granting lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
the southern branch of the Union Pacific rail-
way and telegraph from Port Riley to Port
Smith, Arkansas ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that for the purpose of aiding the
Union Pacific Railroad Company, southern
brane'h, a corporation organized under the laws
of the State of Kansas, to construct and oper-
ate a railroad from Fort Riley, Kansas, or near
said military reservation, thence down the val-
ley of the Neosho river to the southern line of
the State of Kansas, with a view to an exten-
sion of the same through a portion of the In-
dian Territory to Fort'Smith, Arkansas, there
is hereby granted to the -State of Kansas, for
the use ana benefit of said railroad company
every alternate section of land or parts there-
of designated by odd numbers, to the extent
of ten sections per mile on each side of said
road; but in case it shall appear that the United
States have, when the line of said road is def-
initely located, sold any section, or any part
thereof, granted as aforesaid, or that the right
of preemption or homestead settlement has
attached to tiie same, or that the same has been
reserved by the United States for any purpose
whatever, then it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause to be selected for
the purposes aforesaid, from the public lands
of the United States nearest to the sections
above specified so much land as shall be equal
to the amount of such lands as the United
States have sold, reserved, or otherwise appro-
priated, or to which the right, of homestead
settlement or preemption has attached as afore-
said, which lands, thus indicated by the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, shall be
reserved«and held for the State of Kansas for
the use of the company by the Secretary for
the purpose of the construction and opera-
tion of the railroad, as provided by this act;
provided, that any and all lands heretofore
reserved to the United States by any act of
Congress, or in any other manner by compe-
tent authority, for the purpose of aiding in any
object of internal improvement or other pur-
pose whatever, be, and the same are hereby,
reserved and excepted from the operation of
this act, except so far as it may be found neces-
sary to locate the route of the road through
such reserved lands, in which case the right of
way, two hundred feet in width, is hereby
granted, subject to the approval of the Presi-
dent of the United States; and provided,
further, that the lands hereby granted shall
not be selected beyond twenty miles from the
line of said road.
The second section provides that the sec-
tions and parts of sections of land which by
the aforesaid grant shall remain in the United
States, within ten miles on each side of said
road, shall not be sold for less than double the
minimum price of public lands when sold, nor
shall any of said lands become subject to sale
at private entry until the same shall have been
first offered at public sale to the highest bidder,
at or above the minimum price aforesaid ;
-provided, that actual bona fide settlers under
the preemption laws of the United States may,
after due proof of settlement, improvement,
and occupation, as now provided by law, pur-
chase the same at the price fixed for said lands
at the date of such settlement, improvement,
and occupation ; and provided also, that set-
tlers under the provisions of the homestead
act, who make their settlement after the pas-
sage of this act and comply with the terms and
requirements of said act, .shall be entitled,
within the said limits of ten miles, to patents
for an amount not exceeding eighty acres each.
The third section provides that the grant of
lands hereby made is upon condition that the
company, after the construction of its road,
shall keep it in repair and use, and shall at all
times be in readiness to transport troops, mu-
nitions of war, supplies, and public stores upon
its road for the Government, when required to
do so by any Department thereof, the Govern-
ment at all times having the preference in the
use of the road for all the purposes aforesaid,
at fair and reasonable rates of compensation,
not exceeding that paid by private individuals,
or the average paid for like services on other
roads. And the lands hereby granted, held,
and reserved as aforesaid shall inure to the
benefit of the company, as follows: when the
Governor of the State of Kansas shall certify
that any section of ten consecutive miles of
the road is completed in a good, substantial,
and workmanlike manner as a first-class rail-
road, then the Secretary of the Interior shall
issue to the company patents for so many sec-
tions of the land within the limits above named,
and conterminous with the completed section
hereinbefore granted; and when certificates of
tbe Governor aforesaid shall be presented to
the Secretary of tbe completion, as aforesaid,
of each successive section of ten consecutive
miles of said road, the Secretary shall in like
manner issue to the company patents for the
land for each of its sections of road as in the
first instance, until the road shall be com-
pleted, provided, that if the road is not com-
pleted within ten years from the date of tfye
acceptance of the grant herein before mads;
the lands remaining unpatented shall revert
to the United States.
The fourth scction provides that as soon as
said company shall file with the Secretary of
the Interior maps of its line, designating the
route thereof, it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary to withdraw from the market the lands
granted by this act, in such manner as mas be
best calculated to effect the purposes of this
act and subserve the public interest.
The fifth section provides that the United
States mails shall be transported on said road,
and under the direction of the Post Office De-
partment, at such price as Congress may by
law provide; provided that until such price is
fixed bylaw the Postmaster General shall have
power to fix the compensation.
The sixth section provides that the right of
way through the public lands be, and the same
is hereby, granted to said Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, southern branch, its successors and as-
signs, for the construction of a railroad as pro-
posed ; and the right is hereby given to said
corporation to take from the public lands adja-
cent to the line of said road material for the
construction thereof. Said way is granted to
said railroad to the extent of one hundred feet
in width on each side of said road where it
may pass through the public domain ; also all
necessary ground for station buildings, work-
shops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side-
tracks, turn-tables, and water-stations.
The seventh section provides that the ac-
ceptance of the terms, conditions, and impo-
sitions of this act by the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, southern branch, shall be signified in
writing, under the corporate seal of the com-
pany, duly executed pursuant to the direction
of its board of directors first had and obtained,
which acceptance shall be made within one
year after the passage of this act, and not
afterwards, and shall be deposited with the
Secretary of the Interior.
The eighth section provides that the Pacific
Railroad Company, southern branch, its suc-
cessors and assigns, is hereby authorized and
empowered to extend and construct its rail-
road from the southern boundary of Kansas,
south through the Indian Territory along the
valley of Grand and Arkansas rivers, to Fort
Smith, in the State of Arkansas; and'the right
of way through said Indian Territory is hereby
granted to said company, its successors and
assigns, to the extent of one hundred feet on
each side of said road or roads, and all neces-
sary grounds for stations, buildings, workshops,
machine-shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-
tables, and water-stations.
The ninth section provides that the same
grants of lands through said Indian Territory
are hereby made as provided in the first sec-
tion of this act, whenever the Indian title shall
be extinguished by treaty or otherwise, not to
exceed tbe ratio per mile granted in the first
section of this act; provided that said lands
become a part of the public lands of the Uni-
ted States.
The tenth section provides that the Pacific
Railroad Company, southern branch, its suc-
cessors and assigns, shall have the right to
negotiate with, and acquire from, any Indian
nation or tribe, authorized by the United SAtes
to dispose of lands for railroad purposes, and
from any other nation or tribe of Indians
