THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Mr. JENCKES. I move that the House do
now adjourn. .
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman from
Rhode Island to withdraw the motion to adjourn
so that I may offer a resolution personal to my-
self "and a friend. I can_ give the reasons why
the resolution should he introduced.
Mr; JENCKES. I withdraw the motion to
^^TlSPEAKER. Indiana is the State now
in order, and Kentucky will be the next State
called. •
delegate from THE district of columbia.
Mr. NIBLACK submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considei'ed, and
agreed to;
Xt&olved, That the Committee for tho District of Co-
^ lumbra be directed to inquire into the expediency oi
providing for the election and the admission into this
House or a Delegate from said District, with powers
"■v. v. i 1.1   T „l nruan.
bill or otherwise.
EXCUSED EROM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I find that
I have as much as T can do on two other com-
mittees, and I ask that I may be excused from
further service on the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
ARKANSAS.
Mr. SMITH. I ask leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That James M. Johnson, member-elect
of the Thirty-Ninth Congress from the third district
of the State of Arkansas, be admitted to the privi-
leges of the floor of the House during the pendency
of his claim as a member thereof.
Mr. STEVENS. Ifthegentleinanwillstriko
out all reference to his being a member from
the State of Arkansas, I think there will be no
objection to the resolution.
Mr. SMITH. He was here during two ses-
sions of Congress, allowed the privilege of the
floor,, and drew his pay and mileage. There
is no mistake of tfiat. He is hero again after
having served three or more years in the ser-
vice of the United States in the late war, and
it will bo unjust to him not to admit him now
to the privileges of the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. Is there anybody else here
claiming to represent the State of Arkansas?
Mr. SMITH. I do not know.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I wish to state that 1
am acquainted with Colonel Johnson, and I am
happy to say that I know him to be a devoted
loyalist; one who has fought for three years and
more m our Army against the rebellion. He did
as much as any man in Arkansas to sustain our
cause there; and I think that it would be a re-
flection alike upon us and him to refuse him tlic
privilege of the floor. I hope that the resolu-
tion will be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not see what that
amounts to, except that he shall not bo hanged.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SMITH. I accept the amendment _of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I will strike
out the words "member-elect'' and "insert
uwhose credentials have been presented."
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask why this gentleman,
loyal as he is, is selected rather than any other
good loyal citizen of that State to be admitted
to the floor, except it be that he comes here
claiming a seat as a Representative? I do not
understand why, as a matter of courtesy, we
should permit any loyal man to exercise the
privileges of the floor, except there is a dis-
tinction between his case and that of others:
and if there be any such distinction here, is it
not because he claims his seat as a Represent-
ative?
Mr. SMITn. I have 110 objection to the ad-
mission of any loyal man. who claims a seat
upon this floor, to its privileges. It is a court-
esy I would extend to any one.
I had the honor of presenting the credentials ,
of this gentleman, and of offering a resolution !
at the time, asking this privilege for him. No j
other credentials of members-elect from the |
State of Arkansas were here at the time, nor ]
was I requested to present any. I told Mr.
Johnson that I would offer this resolution, and
in good faith to him I have done it.
I did it because at the first session of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress he was admitted to tae
privileges of this floor; his case was referred
to the Committee of Elections, was examined
by that committee, and Ibis House acted upon
their report. At the second session of the same
Congress the same thing occurred; and he drew
mileage, by the consent of the House? for both
those sessions. .
He comes here now with credentials beaming
the great seal of the State of Arkansas, as mem-
ber-elect to this House. He is a loyal man>
one who has devoted his whole time for thiec
years and a halt to the interests and salvation
of his Government. He merely asks the poor
boon of being recognized as a gentleman and a
claimant upon this floor ; it is the duty of this
House in honor to give it to him, and I demand
it in his behalf.
Mr. CONKLING. I dislike very much to
interpose an objection, but the effect of all this
is simply to break up the House. I make the
point of order that this resolution having given
rise to debate, goes over under the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has demanded the previous question, and
no further debate is in order.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the resolu-
tion be laid upon the table, and on that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. SMITH. As the resolution gives rise to
debate I am willing that it shall go over. I with-
draw the demand for the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion. , ,
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to debate the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution lies over
under the rule.
ItEPItESENTATIVES-ELECT PROM TENNESSEE.
Mr. SMITH. I now offer the following res-
olution ;
Resolved, That so much of the House resolution as
refers the credentials of the Representatives-elect to
the Thirty-Ninth Congress, from the State ot Ten-
nessee, to the joint committee of fifteen be, and the
same is hereby, rescinded, and that said credentials
be referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. SMITH. If there is any objection to the
resolution I am willing that it shall lie over.
Mr. KELLEY. I object to it.
Mr. CONKLING. I submit the question of
order to the Chair that no gentleman has a
riolit to offer more than one resolution under
the call of States. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky did not offer his first resolution by the
unanimous consent of the House but under the
regular call.
'The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order in part and pverrules it in part. The
rule is as the gentleman from New York states
it, but the gentleman from Kentucky stated that
he desired to offer a resolution that was some-
what personal in its character, and did not want
to-be precluded thereby from ofrenng a resolu-
tion under the regular call. N 0 gentleman ob-
jected and the Chair understands that the House
in bound by that tacit agreement.
Mr. CONKLING. Was the question put to
the House ?
The SPEAKER. It was put by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. [Mr. Stevens.] and the Chair did
not understand any gentleman as objecting.
The Chair de.,ires to catry out the understand-
ing of the House, and therefore sustains the
gentleman from Kentucky in his right to offer
the resolution.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. ROSS. I rise to debate the resolution,
and it therefore goes over.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to its going over.
Mr. SMITH. Then ! withdraw the resolution.
Mr. SCTIENCK. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. , ,,
Mr. INGERSOL1 j. I would like to have the
gentleman yield to me for a moment. I have
a resolution which is of some importance, not
to the great, but to the poor anu humble.
Mr. LO Aft. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me to allow me to ask to be ex-
cused from serving on a committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. There seems to be a gen-
eral disposition to offer papers. I will, there-
fore, withdraw my motion for twenty minutes,
and then I will move to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, to allow
„w tiUv Fi-.tk"! to make his speech,
my Iviiva^uu l*'*"  J
T. T. GARttARD AND OTHERS.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, introduced a
bill for the relief of T. T. Garrard and others;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
TAXES, IMPOSTS, ETC.
Mr. RITTER submitted the following pream-
ble and resolutions:
Whereas the Constitution declares that the Con-
gress shall have power tolayrr.d collect taxes, duties
imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide foi
the common delense and general welfare ol the Uni
ted States; and all duties, imposts, and excises shall
be uniform throughout the limted States: therefore.
Resolved, That each citizen of the Gnited States
should be taxed an equal amount in proportion to the
value of their property, to enaple the Government to
pay all their just debts or claims that now exist or
may hereafter be brought against the Government
of the United States. . , ,
Resolved, That all the property taken from loyal
citizens by the authority of the President, or by the
military authority, or by act of Congress, or wheia
the value of property was greatly diminished 01 de
stroyed for the purpose ot enabling the Government
to put down the rebellion, should be paid tor at '-unh
price as said propoity would have sold tor m cash
before it was so taken, or its yalue diminished or
destroyed.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman bet-
ter send his resolutions to a committee^ and I
would suggest the Committee on the Judiciaiy.
Mr. RITTER. I had hoped that the House
would have consented to act 011 these resolu-
tions now. Rut I will not object to their ref-
erence.
The preamble and resolutions were accord-
ingly referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES AND PENSIONS.
Mr. McKEE. bv unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following "resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency and
justice of so amending the Inws paying bounties and
pensions to soldiers, their widows and heirs, so that
there shall be no distinction on account 01 coloi; ana
also of repealing all laws now in iorco for the pay-
ment. of bounties to the masters of those woo were m
slavery at the date of their enlistment, to the end
that the bounties bhall be paid directly to> thesoldiei,
or, in case of his death, to his widow or heirs, m the
same manner as the law now makes payments to
white soldiers; and that the committee report by bill
or otherwise.
PAYMENT FOR HORSES LOST IN SERVICE.
Mr. McKEE introduced a bill to amend the
act to pay officers and soldiers for horses lost
in the service ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting accounts
of Indian agents having in charge the Creeks,
the Chickasaws, and Seminoles, for the second
quarter of the year ISfi") ; which was laid 011
the table, and ordered to be printed.
MARINE HOSPITAL, PADCCAII, KENTUCKY.
Mr. TRIMBLE submitted the following
resolution; which was read; considered^ and
agreed to:
Iiceoh'nf, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expccbency
building the marine hospital at 1 aducah, Kentucky,
and report by bill or otherwise.
PAYMENT Or BOUNTIES.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill relative to the payment of the %>1W
