2140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
been during all that period from 1861 up to 1864.
Hence I infer that it makes very_ little differ-
ence as to the principle upon which Congress
acted at that time whether there was any pro-
vision in the laws of Colorado expressly pro-
hibiting negro suffrage, because if there had
been that could have been no objection as it
was no objection in the case of Nevada. Con-
gress, then, in March, 1861, authorized the Ter-
ritory to be organized into a State and author-
ized them to confine the voting population to
whites in making that organization, and did not
require the extension of suffrage to the negro.
At the same time, it is true, it said that the
constitution formed should be in accordance
with the Declaration of Independence, but it
authorized a particular class of persons to or-
ganize it, being white persons alone, confined
to them. By construing that act in connection
with the Nevada enabling act and the laws
of Nevada, Congress provided that the State
should be organized by whites alone and said
that was in accordance with the Declaration
of Independence.
Mr. SUMNEJT. Now, I will proceed to
answer, as I was trying to do when I was in-
terrupted by the Senator from Nevada, the
Senator from Illinois; but the Senator from
Nevada will allow me to say that 1 think it
would have been better and more according
to parliamentary rules if he had reserved his
question until I had answered the Senator from
Illinois. I think his question has nothing to
do with that. Has it anything to do with the
subject?
Mr. STEWART. Tf you get at the sub-
stance I shall be satisfied.
Mr. SUMNER. As to the question of the
Senator from Illinois, 1 have this to say : the
Governor of the Territory, whose message I
hold in my hand, does not put upon the statute
the interpretation which the Senator (loos. I
have great respect- for the opinion of my friend
from Illinois, as he knows, but on this matter
1 submit that, the Governor of the Territory on
the spot, iu a formal communication to the
Legislature, is a better authority even than my
honorable friend.
.Mr. TIIUM MULL Better than the statute?
Mr. SUMN'HR. I am coming to that. That
brings me then to the statute, and he says the
statute enumerates as the iirst in the class citi-
zens of the United States, and my honorable
friend himself is obliged to confess that in his
opinion colored persons are citizens of the
United States, lie does not doubt it,. If ho
did, it would be my duty to remind him of that
opinion given by the Attorney General of the
United Stales in the winter of 181)1-62, only a
few months after the adoption of this territo-
rial statute, declaring that all colored persons
are citizens of the United States. 1 refer to
that opinion with something more than respect,
1 refer to it with reverence. 1 do think, hum-
id v .speaking, that that opinion was one of the
most remarkable and ono of the grandest acts
in the history of I ho late Administration. I do
not doubt that hereafter when the annals of
these times come to bo written, the historian
will dwell with honest pride upon that opinion
where one man as it were reversed the whole
policy of the State. By that opinion he fixed
the law of this country forever: that all colored
persons are citizens of the United States; and
that opinion was emphatically the law of this
distant Territory. It was the law of Colorado.
The Senator from Illinois does not doubt it.
'i herofbre when the Territorial Legislature
inserted the words "citizens of the United
States.1' it jlid not alter the ease by a hair's
breadth. The language was positive that all
persons couid vote without distinction of color.
'The Senator is informed that no colored per-
sons did vote. _ I have been informed the con-
trary. tint I insist, that, beyond all question,
by the territorial statute colored persons were
allowed to vote.
And this brings mo to another question.
When at a later day, in 1861, the enabling act
was brought into the Senate, that act recog-
nized positively the existing territorial statutes
regulating the franchise. Here are the pre-
cise words:
"That all persons qualified ]ly iaw to vote for rep-
resentatives to the General Assembly of said Terri-
tory at the date of the passage of this act, shall be
qualified to bo elected; and they are hereby author-
ized to vote for and choose representatives to form a
convention tinder such rules and regulations as the
Governor of said Territory may presciibe."
Therefore, sir, do I say that at the dat'e of
the enabling statute all persons in the Terri-
tory, without distinction of color, were entitled
to vote. They all had the electoral franchise
constitutionally and legally. Is there any one
who can doubt it? The Senator from Illinois
cannot doubt it. He knows full well that that
is the Constitution and the law of the land.
They were all entitled to vote at the date of
that enabling statute. I err when I say " at
the date of that enabling statute." There was
something like deception, if not fraud, that
occurred between the passage of that statute
in this Chamber and its approval by the Pres-
ident. The enabling act for the admission of
Colorado passed this body, as I find by the
Globe, February 24, 1864. This ill-omened
territorial statute to which I have referred,
which undertook to introduce the principle of
exclusion, bears date March 11,1864 ; that is,
it was passed subsequent to the passage of the
enabling act in the Senate. Therefore, when
that enabling act passed this body, according
to all the information in our possession and
according to the principles of the Constitution
as expounded by the Attorney General, all
colored persons were entitled to vote.
I have been reminded by Senators that there
is an inconsistency in having sustained the
enabling act and now in opposing the admis-
sion of this State. Sir, permit me to say, there
is no such inconsistency; because at the time
when that act passed the Senate, by that very
enabling act all colored persons were entitled
to vote. Hut 1 might go still further, and
remind the Senate that it appears by the Globe,
which I have before me, that this enabling act
passed the Senate without discussion and with-
out. a division. It does not appear who was
present in the Senate at the time it was actcd
upon. For myself, I may say I have no recol-
lection of the vote that was taken, but I do
have a distinct recollection that I was informed
that in the Territory of Colorado all persons,
without distinction of color, were allowed to
vote; and a recurronce to the statute which
has been adduced on this occasion will show
that I was right. It is vain for the Senator
from Illinois to remind us that iu Colqrado
they did not consider colored persons citizens
of the United States. Constitutionally and
legally they were citizens, and there was no
power in Colorado to deny them that citizen-
ship. It was because there was no power
there to deny them that citizenship that they
undertook to set it aside by positive legislation.
Mr. President, 1 have already said too much
on this matter.
Mr. STEWART. IIow was it about Nevada?
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don; I have no recollectioxi of the Nevada
case, f do not know whether I voted on it or
not, and I consider the question as absolutely
irrelevant. I am speaking now on the case of
Colorado.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. "When I am done the Sen-
ator can proceed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Ne-
vada must not interrupt the Senator from
Massachusetts unless ho yields the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. If there fere a question
here in regard to Nevada I should certainly
meet it; but there is no such question now.
it is enough for us to deal with the case of
Colorado.
I was saying, sir, I have already occupied too
much time, more than I intended ; but there is
one other circumstance to which I ought to call
attention before I close. It is the anomalous
condition of the several counties of Mexican
population bordering on New Mexico, and
which, as I understand, have, if I may so ex-
press myself, been carved out of New Mexico.
Those counties contain, according to the esti-
mates of different persons, from six to eight
thousand persons, chiefly agricultural. They
are farmers. I understand that those people
are discontented at finding themselves embraced
within the limits of Colorado. They do not
speak English. They are Spanish in descent,
and they are unwilling to be swept under a juris-
diction which is to them, in many respects,
alien. They long to be back in New Mexico.
During the last session of Congress a proposi-
tion was brought forward in the other House
to reannex them to New Mexico. A proposi-
tion to the same effect has already been an-
nounced in the other House during this session
by the Delegate from New Mexico. I have
conferred with him on that subject this morn-
ing. I learned from him something of the dis-
content of these Mexicans; and I am assured
from other sources that, should Colorado now
be received as a State in this Union, so that
the condition of these people would be perma-
nently. fixed as a part of the State, such is their
yearning to get back to their Spanish kindred
that they would move in a body to find them-
selves again within the borders of New Mexico,
which is to them country and home, for which
they have a sentiment of abiding attachment.
I have said that this Mexican population is
estimated variously at from six to eight thou-
sand, being an essential part of the population
of Colorado. Imagine it withdrawn from this
floating, failing population which I have already
described to you, and how small does it be-
come; why, sir, one of my informants, this
morning, who has lived for several years in that
part of the country, gave me as his opinion that
at present the whole population of Colorado,
including these Mexicans, was not more than
fifteen thousand, and that if these Mexicans
should bo withdrawn, you would have this
community shrunk to a population of seven
thousand. I make no statement to that effect.
I merely mention this as a suggestion which has
come to me from persons familiar with this
part of the country. It may at least help to
put you on your guard against investing this
petty community with the high prerogatives of
a State. It may show you again how itspopu-
lation may melt under the State prerogatives,
which you promise it.
Mr. President, such is the case against the
admission of Colorado as a State into this
Union. 1 do not see how you can admit it
into the Union as a State without, in the first
place, injustice to its own population, at this
moment unable to boar the burdens of a State
government; secondly, without injustice to the
other States of the Union which ought not to
find themselves voted down in this Chamber
by two Senators from this small community;
and, in the third place, without sacrificing a
principle which at this moment is of incalcu-
lable importance to the peace of the Republic.
In other times we have caught the cry, No
more slave States. There is another cry which
must be ours, No more States recognizing Ine-
quality of Rights. Against all this I hear a
whisper, not an argument. It is whispered
that we need two more votes on this floor.
Sir, there is something that you need more
than two more votes. It is constancy in the
support of that great principle which is now
essential to the tranquillity of the Republic.
Better far than any number of votes will be
loyalty to this great cause. Tell me not that it
is expedient to create two more votes in this
Chamber. Permit me to say nothing cau be
expedient that is not right. If I were now
about to pronounce the last words that I could
ever utter in this Chamber, I would say to you,
Senators, do not forget that right, is always the
highest expediency. You can never sacrifice
the right without suffering for it.
Mr. STEWART. I submitted to the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts a question at the time
when he was charging that the people of Col-
orado had acted in bad faith toward Congress.
That was the tenor of his argument. He as-
