1780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
over for a sliQrt time until we come to a vote
on the reconsideration. I have nothing to say
on the subject; I shall occupy no time upon it.
The honorable Senator from New York has
addressed the Senate in defense of the bill, and
I presume ho desires to offer no additional views
on that subject.
Mr. MORGAN. I am entirely willing to have
the question talcen without any discussion, un-
less there be more discussion on the part of
those who are opposed to the measure. It was
reported from the Committee on Commerce
with the unanimous approval of that commit-
tee; I do not caro to discuss it any more unless
debate comes from those who are opposed to it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 hope the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will not push his motion to postpone
the special order at this time. Apart from the
general consideration of the importance of the
amendment to the Constitution, there are some
special reasons why it is desirable that it should
be proceeded with. J ask him why he will not
let the motion to reconsider lie until the morn-
ing hour to-morrow, so that we may go on with
the debate on the constitutional amendment?
Air. FESSENDEN. 1 hope the Senator from
California will take that course..
Mr. CONNESS. If wo can have a vote then
I shall do so with great pleasure. My simple
desire is to get a vole 011 a subject about which
I feel that the people whom 1 represent are
deeply concerned. 1 feel, indeed, that that right
is as complete as the right of the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island to delay it by ob-
ject ions after he. has occupied time in discussion,
lyield, however, to the suggestions of honorable
Sciiatorsand ivithdrawmy motion, giving notice
that I shall call up the question to-morrow
morning.
BASTS OF REPRHSKNTATION.
The PRICS1 DENT pro tempore. The special
order is the joint resolution from the House of
Kepre.-.cntatives (11. 11. No. til) proposing to
amend (he Constitution of 1 ho United States.
Mr. POMEKOY. Mr. President, in speak-
ing 011 this resolution 1 must speak of the con-
flict and the tiiumph.
(jiv.it event,* come and go with the slow,
measured tread of centuries. But all events,
gre.it. and small, are of "Him who seeth the
end from the beginning."
The events of'our own day and time, arc un-
surpassed, whether viewed 111 the light of the
history of our own country or of other lands.
N'o age or country has been exempt, from
periods of turmoil and conflicts, for all com-
munities which have ever aspired to have a
name among nations have passed through, each
for itself, periods of trial and of conflict..
Our world has been little else than a theater
of conflicts since the day discord appeared in
Eden, which then Slid there, for the first time,
committed man to rebellion and disturbed the
harmony of creation. But the great conflicts
nhi'di have most disturbed mankind, and oc-
cupied l>y far the largest share of history, have
been m tlii'main one and the same. Although
annulling divei ,-uIied forms, appearing and dis-
appearing at near and at, remote periods, and
junong all nations, coining and going, amidst
siK'res" "S and defeats, still, 1 say, 111 the lead-
ing features and main characteristics they have
been one and the same. For amid all the
contentions of parlies, ancient and modern, of
our time and of all time, the great concen-
trating and contiolling element has been for
freedom on the one side, and for despotism
upon the other. Of this conflict and this tri-
umph I propose to speak.
Freedom and despotism, I admit, have ap-
peared under different forms, partaking always
of the type of the civilization of the age, some-
times menial, called tyranny of the mind, pro-
ducing a despotism of ideas and opinions. And
then again, tyranny of the body, claiming own-
ership of man, producing human slavery. This
has been the " conflict of ages," reaching back
forever, and fonvaul, also, to our own time, in
some fo'-m extending to all nations and among
every tribe. This conflict, at some period, has
seemed to sleep, and the world was said to be
at peace. But before a rest could be realized
ana enjoyed contentions would spring up. Of-
fenses would come, for human society has been
as restless as the troubled ocean, whose waters
never sleep.
Now, what have been the teaching of events,
and what the lessons of history, if they have
not given concurrent testimony that no great
wrong and injustice can be put permanently to
rest? All the natural elements of the universe
arc against it; and 110 attribute of Omnipotence
can take sides with it. There must be a war
between right and wrong, liberty and despot-
ism, freedom and slavery, or justice has abdi-
cated the throne and God left Ilis universe.
Compromising with injustice decides nothing,
settles nothing. To "attempt it in this way is
to take sides with it. It is in itself restless and
aggressive, making war upon the right; a dis-
turber of the peace, an apple of discord, and
in its very nature a restless sea; and no whis-
pers of peace, by whomsoever uttered, can allay
its troubled waters.
Oppression and despotism in some form have
been reduced to a system, more or less odious,
of organized violence and outrage upon man-
kind. In this sense the "whole creation has
groaned and travailed in pain until now."
Men have always been ready to arraign them-
selves 011 the one or the other side of the issue,
securing a despotism to be indulged in by the
few, while submission and slavery have been
meted out to the million. * And at the moment
when power was thought to be safely installed
at the head of a despotism, the returning surge
of the popular will would shake the pillars of
the throne, or some divine decree would write
in finger marks its doom upon the walls of the
palace.
All testimony concurs in saying that war has
been the rulo, and peace the exception, in hu-
man society. Degrees of civilization may vary
the time, and temper the form of every con-
flict, still, never changing the law, that the
wrong cannot rest, so that the records of the
past reveal more of war than peacc. More
money has been spent, and more energies
wasted in destroying men (ban in saving them.
There is an irreconcilable as well as "irrepress-
ible conflict'' between liberty and despotism,
freedom and slavery ; it has always existed,
and exists to-day. It, has always been and will
be chief disturbing element to the harmony of
nations and to the peace of the world.
Slavery is older than civilization, older than
any written history. But I have no purpose to
refer to it for anv great period in the past, but
simply to stale the fact, in the light of the con-
flict, of arms, from which we have just emerged,
and draw from its lessons some reasons why
we should never again temporize or compro-
mise with slavery, either in substance or in
shadows. Why not now be thorough and do
full justice, not by implication and indirection,
but direct, open, and conclusive, so that the
destruction of slavery shall include all its sup-
ports and all its legacies?
The slow, we.ny way which this nation has
t raided in its conflict with slavery need not be
recounted.
These steps have made up the history of the
last ipiarler of a century, and the highway to
civilization and national freedom, has been
found at last to he "by the way of the wilder-
ness ami the lied sea,'' and yet all the while
freedom has been ''marching 011," and still
onward, at one period slow, and then impetu-
ous, and always irresistible. But the path-
way of freedom has been slrcwed with many
wrecks. Rome efforts seem to deserve success
that did not find it. Not every struggle has
been a triumph, neither in this country nor
Europe, for its progress among the nations can
even now be traced along a weary and endless
pathway by the blood ot' the martyrs, by the
j sepuleliersof the piophets, with here and there
j only monuments to their memories. It has
| nevertheless been a highway for the nations,
' and defeats in one land have been only the
stepping-stones to the temple of liberty in
1 another.
The establishing of an independent republican
government in this country was commenced
by men who came with more of a purpose to
get rid of oppression than to found an empire
of freedom. But there was a divine Hand that
led them, and a divine purpose to be accom-
plished, which even those good men did not
realize. They had had the discipline of ad-
versity, with stripes and imprisonment, in
which they learned to hate oppression and to
love liberty. They were driven about in the
mother country as if infected with some incu-
rable and contagious disease ; sent from Eng-
land to Holland, from city to mountains, from
prison to death. Thus, as in a furnace-blast,
was God preparing to cast the pillars of this
nation!
"This was the vino out of Egypt;
lie drove out the heathen and planted it."
It may bo asked, why was this magnificent
continent held back from discovery and set-
tlement for so many years? Why, but for a
purpose? And what purpose more grand or
sublime than to preserve it fresh and pure from
all the conflicts and despotisms of the Uld
World, and to consecrate it for the purposes of
freedom, where, after the strife of three cen-
turies and the triumph of slavery over the bal-
lot-box, the courts, and the Constitution, there
should be brought on the great contest of arms,
culminating in this the great " conflict of ages,''
and producing the first grand national triumph
of freedom over slavery, liberty over des-
potism.
For what other purpose, I repeat, was this
American continent held back .for so many
long ages? For thousands of years it had been
adapted and ready for cultivation ; its mount-
ains towered in splendor : its waters rolled in
majestic and navigable rivers ; its prairies
teeming with the richest verdure lay stretched
out to the setting sun with soil rich as the val-
leys of the Nile. But for long ages 110 mount-
ains smiled upon civilization ; 110 waters turned
the wheels of industry or floated the commerce
of labor; and the soil yielded only the luxu-
riance of forests or weeds of neglect. Here
slept, the wealth undiscovered, the resources
undeveloped of the millions that were to be.
Why, I ask again, was all this hidden from
other eyes, and only revealed in these later
times but for the grand final settlement and
overthrow of slavery in the greatest conflict of
arms ever witnessed, from which we are now
so gloriously emerging amid the wonder if not
admiration of the world.
Mr. President, the elements of the contest
and triumph in this country seem to sustain
some relations to each other. For an expe-
rience ami observation of twenty years of strug-
gle has taught me that the triumph of freedom
over slavery was absolutely essential to the
success of this experiment of free government.
And it is a most noticeable fact that the insti-
tutions in controversy here were planted the
very same year. For ]020 is 110 more memo-
rable for the landing of pilgrims than for the
landing of slaves. For while the 0110 came
out of the May Flower holding up the Bible
and the spelling-book as the foundation of
strength, the other came up the James river,
Virginia, holding out its chains and fetters I
These wore the symbols of the two systems,
! and were settled, 1 repeat, upon this American
continent the very same year. It had, as I
hinted, been reserved as a theater where could
be acted 011 a most magnificent scale the great
slave drama of centuries. The platform for
the exhibition has proven to be the grandest
of the world, and its results most auspicious
for mankind. For this terrible attempt at
revolution, in the form of rebellion, has now
secured the basis of free government for an
example if not an inheritance of all nations.
Upon the hundred ba,tUe-lields of this war
have been fought out the liberties of mankind.
The representatives of all the nations stood
shoulder to shoulder in the ranks of the Union
Army, and the blood of all nations mingled
together in the death conflict: and the anxious
and patriotic of all civilized nations have
