1866.:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
through whose lauda ,said railroad, may pass,
subject to,the approval-of the President of the
United States, or from any company or par-
ties incorporated or authorized for such pur-
poses, by such .nation or tribe, or which such
parties may have acquired under the laws of
the United States.
,-The eleventh section provides that any rail-
road company chartered under any law of the
JJnited States, or of any State which may have
been heretofore or shall hereafter be organized
and subsidized by any act of the Congress of
United States, may conncct, unite, and con-
solidate with this railroad company after the
same shall bo located to the valley of the
Neosho or Grand river, upon just, fair, and
equitable terms, to be agreed upon between
the parties as shall not be against the public
interest, or the interest of tha United States.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I understand
that the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Holmes,] from the Committee on Public
Lands, has some amendments which he has
been instructed by that committee to offer to
this bill. I will therefore yield the floor to
him for that purpose.
Mr. HOLMES. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to submit the follow-
ing amendments:
In section two strike out the following words: "nor
shall any of said lands become subject to sale at pri-
vate entry until the samo shall have been first offered
at public sale to the highest bidder, at or above the
minimum price aforesaid."
Section three, line four, strike out be m readi-
ness to." . ,
Line six, same section, insert after the word Gov-
ernment" the words "to the United States free from
all cost or charge therefor;" andstrikoout thewords
'* at all times having the preference in the use of the
road for all the purposes aforesaid, at fair and rea-
sonable rates of compensation, not exceeding that
paid by private individuals, or the average paid for
like services oti other roads."
In line eighteen, same section, after the word
"land" insert the words "herein granted."
Section ten, line three, after the word " acquire"
insert "title to land for railroad purposes;" and in
lino five strike out the words "for railroad purposes."
Scction eleven, line four, strike out the words " and
subidized."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. Has the bill been before
the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I will state for
the information of the House that this bill has
been examined by the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SPALDING. Did not the bill come
from the Senate?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPALI)TNG. How, then, has it been
before the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. This identical
bill, as printed, was before the committee and
has been examined, and the amendments sub-
mitted by that committee have been adopted.
Mr. WRIGHT. Is that in accordance with
the rules for the committee to consider and act
on a bill not referred to them ? Is it not a viola-
tion of the rules of the House? Should not
every measure go before the committee in the
proper way? It is the province of the com-
mittee to have the bill before them for exam-
ination and action, but they must wait till we
send it to them. It is the right of the House
to send it to them.
The SPEAKER. The examination by a com-
mittee of a bill pending in the Senate is not a
violation of the rules. If the gentleman wants
it referred, he can vote down the demand for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. This bill grants
ten sections on each side of the road for each
mile of the road. It covers an extent of forty
miles wide, the grant being by alternate sec-
tions. It is not five sections per mile, but ten
on each side of the road, equal to twenty sec-
tions per mile. If that be the design of the
House, let the House understand it. If it be
not, let that also be understood. Let the bill
be made to conform to andcarry out the pur-
pose of the House.
As the bill is now drawn it is not ten sec-
tions per mile, but ten sections per mile on
each side of the road; and being in alternate
sections, it will extend over a country forty
miles wide. It strikes me that is twice as much
as was ever granted before. It admonishes us
of the evil of having these bills passed hastily
without proper examination. I do not want to
object if this is the usual form of such blils._ I
know there are grave objections to disposing
of our public lands in this way. It destroys
our homestead system. It withdraws public
lands from settlement and places them in the
hands of corporations. But I do not expect
the House to change its policy of granting lands
for railroad purposes. I think it ought to go
to some committee. I do not wish to place
myself in the attitude of making objection to
the bill, but I hope the gentleman from Kansas
will consent to its going to some committee.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I have already
said that a copy of this bill has been before the
Committee on Public Lands, and it is in the
same form as those that have already passed
granting lands for railroad purposes.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I think the
gentleman is mistaken. The form in which
they have heretofore passed has been to grant
ten sections per mile. This grants twenty sec-
tions—ten on each side of the road. I do not
say that this language has been framed by de-
sign to operate as a fraud upon the House ; but
I do say it is high time that these bills should
be examined, and that the House should un-
derstand what it is doing. Let the paragraph
be road.
The Clerk read as follows:
Every alternate section of land or parts thereof
designated by odd numbers, to tho extent often sec-
tions per mile, on each side of the road: Provided,
Such land shall not be selected beyond twenty miles
from the said road.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Just double
the amount granted heretofore.
Mr. STEVENS. Just exactly the amount
granted hitherto. The gentleman has not
looked into one of these acts and ho gets up
here to object.
Mr. WRIGHT. If this is a meritorious bill,
what objection can there be to having it ex-
amined by a committee? If it is not merito-
rious, then I for one object to it.
Mr. JULIAN. It is not an extraordinary
provision.
The question being taken on ordering the
bill to be read a third time, there were-—ayes
45, noes 44; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Clarke of Kansas, and Beb-
gex.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes 53.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. RADFORD. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was rejected, and also
to lay that motion on the table.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. On the latter
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on laying the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table, there were—
yeas 59, nays 58, nonvoting 64 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Benjamin, Bergen, Bout-
well, Boyer, Bromwcll, Broomall, Buckland, Conk-
ling, Dawes, Defrees, Dixon, Eldridge, JMiot, lnnek,
Aaron Harding, John H.Hubbard, JamesR. Hub-
bell, Hulburd, Jenckes, Johnson, Kassun, Kctcham,
Koontz, Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Le Blond, Maraton, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead,
Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Kiblaek, Nicholson, Orth,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall,
Alexander IX. Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Ross, Seoueld,
Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Strouse, Tabcr,
Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Waid,
Williams, Winficld, and Wright—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames. Anderson,
DelosR. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bid-
well, Bingham, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cullom, Davis, Delano, Donnelly, Driggs,
Eckley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Kerry
Garfield, Adder C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Iligby. Ho-
gan, Holmes, Asahol W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hub-
bard, Julian, Kelley, Kuykendall, Laflin, Loan,
Lynch, Mcltuer, Myers, Noell, O'Neill, Paine, Per-
il am, Price, John II. Rice. Sawyer, Sehcnok, Stevens,
Van Aernam, RoW;t T. Van Horn, Welker,
worth,Whaley, JamesR Wilson,Windom.'and Wood-
bridge—08. 1
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bald-
win, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Brandegeo, Bandy, Cfaan-
ler, Cook, Culver, Darling, Dawson, Demi'ng, X>enir
son, Dodge: Drtmont, OlosShrenner, Goodyear-, Grider,
Grmnell, Griawold.JIalo, Harris, Henderson, Hill,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, Edvvm M.*it,ub-
bell, Humphrey, Ingersol), Jones, Kelso, Kerr, Lotog-
year, Marshall, Marvio, JfcGlarg, MoCullough, Mc-
Indoe, MeKee, Newell, Patterson, Phelps, Pike,
Plants, Pflmtooy, Raymond, Rogers* Shankli®, Sloan,
Smith, Starr,Stilwell./fh-ayer,Fran oisThomas.Trow-
bridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Warner, Blihu B,
Wasnburne, Henry B.Washburn, WilliatnB. Wash-
burn, and Stephen P. Wilson—64.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in, the
negative, making a tie.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on reconsidering the
vote by which the bill was rejected; and being
put, there were—ayes 59, noes 55.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. -
The question was taken; and it was decided"
in the affirmative—yeas 64, nays 49, mot voting
68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Amos, Anderson, De-
los R. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Bidwell,
Bingham, Bromwoll, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Cullom, Davis, Dolano, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Far-
quhar, Ferry, Garfield, Abner C. Hardin?, Hart,
Hayes, Higby, Hogan, Holmes, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Julian, Kelley, Kuykendall,
Loan, Lynch, McRuer, Mercur, Moulton, Myers,
Noell, O'Neill, Paine, Perham, Pike, Price, John
H. Rico, Sawyer, Schenck, Stevens, Thornton, Van
Aernam, BurtVan Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Wel-
ker, Wcntworth, Whaley, James F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Benjamin, Bergen, Hout-
woll, Boyor, Broomall, Conkling, Dawes, Defrees,
Dixon. Eldridge, Eliot, Finck, Aaron Harding, John
H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbcll, Hulburd, Jenckes,
Johnson, Kctcham. Koontz, Latham, William Law-
rence, Le Blond, Marston, Miller, Moorhead, Mor-
rill, Morris, Niblack, Nicholson, Orth, Radford, Sam-
uel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Alexander H.
Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Ross, Scofield, Sliellabarger,
Sitgreaves, Spalding, Strouse, Taber, Taylor, John
L. Thomas,Williams, Winficld, and Wright—19. _
N OT V OTIN G—Messrs. J ames M. Ashl ey, Baldwin,
Boaman, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler,
Cook, Culver, Darling, Dawson, Doming, Denison,
Dodge, Dumont, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider,
Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Henderson, Hill,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jones, Kasson, Kelso,
Kerr, Laflin. George V. Lawrence, Longyear, Mar-
shall, Marvin, McCIurg, MeCullough, Mclndoe, Me-
Kee, Newell, Patterson, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy,
Raymond, Rogers, Slianklin, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Stilwell, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne,
Ilenry D. Washburn. William B. Washburn, and
Stephen F. Wilson—68.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill
to a third reading.
Mr. McRUER. I now move to amend the
bill by striking out in line twelve the word
" ten " and inserting " five alternate;" so that
the bill will read, " five alternate sections per
mile on each side of the road." That was
doubtless the intention of the framers of the
bill, but as the language is perhaps a little
ambiguous, I move this amendment, and I
now renew the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask the gentleman to add
the words "to the extent of ten sections per
mile." I have only a word to say. It is con-
tended that the bill is indefinite, and I offer
this amendment so as to make it entirely def-
inite.
Mr. McRUER. I accept the amendment,
and move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion there of Mr. McRuer's amendment,as mod-
ified, was agreed to. • ,
The bill was then ordered to be read a
time, and it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. McRUER. I demand_ the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
