1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3101
The Secretary read the next item, which was
the appropriation for the compensation of the
First Comptroller, and the clerks, messengers,
and laboiers in his office.
Air. FESSENDEN. That should be amended
by striking out "eight"' and inserting " seven,"
and striking out'1 three'' and inserting 1' nine,"
so as to make the amount appropriated
'•$17,040" instead of "$48,340."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the com-
mittee was in line two hundred and seventy-
four, after the word " office" to strike out:
Including three clerks of class four, three clerks
of class three, three clerks of class two, thrco clerks
of class one, twelve clerks at an annual salary of
£720 each, and one laborer at an annual salary of
£720, which are hereby authorized to be appointed.
So that the clause will read :
For compensation of the Second Comptroller, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger,
and laborer in his ojiee,S13t,9'20.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out,
in lino two hundred and eighty, "nine," and
insert " three," and to strike out ''twenty"
and insert "eighty," so as to make the sum
"$134,380" instead of "§134,020."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the succeeding par-
agraph, lino two hundred and eighty-three, I
move to strike out "seven" and insert "two,"
and to strike out "sixty" and insert "forty,"
so as to make the amount appropriated for the
First Auditor's office " S-3!),240" instead of
"SOT,700."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in line two hundred and eighty-seven, after the
word "office,'' to strike out:
Including three clerks of class four, twenty clerks
of elas^ tlnee, iorfcy eleiks of cla--s two, seventy clerks
of class one, one assistant messenger at ^StO per an-
num, and three laborers at $720 per annum each,
ivhioh are hereby authoiized to be appointed."
So that the clause will read :
For compensation of the Second Auditor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, mc^scn^er. assistant messen-
gers, and laborers in his ollice, $521,840.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to rcduce the
sum there from S521,840 to $521,100.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the com-
mittee was in line two hundred and ninety-six,
after the woul "office," to strike out " includ-
ing live clerks of class four, fifteen cleiks of
class three, thirty clerks of class two, and fifty
clerks of class one;" so that the clause will
read:
For compensation of the Third Auditor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assistant messen-
gers, and laborers in his office, $334,2^0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend by
striking out "$384,230" and inserting instead
"$382,080."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In lines three hun-
dred and two and three hundred and three, in
the appropriation for the Fourth Auditor's
office, 1 move to strike out " nine " and insert
"live," and to strike out "sixty" and insert
"forty," so as to make the amount $110,540.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. FESSENDEN. In the appropriation
for the Fifth Auditor's office, in lines three
hundred and five and three hundred and six,
the "eight" should be "seven," so as to make
the amount $47,840.
'1 he amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line three hundred
and eight I move to insert "chief clerk" after
"Department."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to line three hundred and twenty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In lino three hundred
and nineteen 1 move to strike out "one" at the
end of the line; in line three hundred and
twenty to strike out "five" and insert "eight,"
and to strike out "twenty" and insert "forty,"
so as to make the amount appropriated for
the office of the Register of the Treasury ;
$00,840 instead of $01,.320. ;
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the appropriation j
for the office of the Solicitor of the Treasury, 1
in line three hundred and twenty-three, I move
to strike out''five'' and to insert'' three," and
to insert "forty" after "hundred," so as to
make the sum $18,340 instead of $18,500. •
The amendment was agreed to. i
Air. FESSENDEN. In the appropriation i
for the office of the Commissioner of Customs
I move to strike out, in line three hundred and |
twenty-six, "nine" and insert "six," and to ;
strike out "twenty" and insert "forty," so l
as to make the amount $40,040 instead of
$40,920.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the appropriation
for the compensation of the clerks, me.ssen-
gers, &e., of the Light-House Board 1 move, in i
line three hundred and twenty-eight, to strike
out "live" and insert "two," and to strike
out "twenty" and insert "forty," so as to j
make the amount $9,240. j
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the I
bill to line three hundred and forty. I
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert after
'the woi'd "expenses," in line three hundred
and thirty-nine, page 1">, (he words " iuciud-
present shifting condition of affairs, to trust
any man in any of these Departments with
such discretionary powers. If it is neces-
sary to increase the salaries of the officers in
the Treasury Department—and it may be—I
think we should fix the salaries by law. The
Secretary of the Treasury should not have this
power, to be exercised according to his discre-
tion. It cannot but tend to favoritism. It
cannot operate justly. It tends to make the
men employed anything but independent men.
It encourages a spirit of flunkeyism on the one
hand, and a feeling on the other that there is
power to reward men or punish them accord-
ing to the discretion of the individual. I thinlr
the principle unsound, and it ought never to
be admitted in the Government at all, and
especially not in this Department at this time.
I believe lhat what has already been done in
this direction has worked most disastrously,
and has created a feeling of dissatisfaction gen-
eral in the Department.
It may be that we ought to have an increase
of the compensation of the higher officers. I
am willing to vote for that increase if it be
necessary. But I cannot vote for this amend-
ment, and I hope the Senate will not sanction
tiiis policy. I hope the Senate will not sanc-
tion what I deem to be an unsound principle,
ami will not at this time, in the present con-
dition of the country, trust the Secretary of
the Treasury with this discretionary power,
this power to reward at his pleasure ; to take
^KiO.OtK) and distribute it among his employes
ing the cost of subscription to such numbei of 1 according to his will and pleasuie
copies of the Internal lievruue Iteeord and '
Customs Journal as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may deem necessary to supply the revenue
officers."
The amendment, was agreed to.
Air. FESSENDEN. After line three hun-
dred and forty, 1 move to insert:
For office fumituie, maps, labor, miscellaneous
items, and other contingent expenses tor the office
of the Commissioner/tof Internal Kevenuc, $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued to line
three hundred and sixty-four.
'The Committee on Finance proposed to strike
out. from line three hundred and forty-eight to
line three hundred and sixty-four, the follow-
ing words:
Forcompcnsition of temporary clerks in thoTreas-
ury Department, and for additional compensation to
clcrlis in same Department, $100,000: J'toDidud, That
the temporary eierks herein provided for may be
classified according to the character of their services:
And provided fui t/ier. That so much of the appropria-
tion ot $250,000 granted by the act of March 2,1805,
for compensation to temporary clerks in the Treas-
ury Department, and for additional compensation to
clerks in same Department, as rcma.ins unexpended
shall be divided as follows, to wit: yd00 shall be paid
to each of the appointees in said Depaitment whose
pay amounts to less than >?1,200 per annum, and the
residue thereof shall bo divided jjer capita to and
among all the clerks in said Depaitment of ,tlie first
and second elapses.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
For compensation of temporary clerks in the Treas-
ury Department, and for additional compensation to
ofheers and clerks in the same Department, $li>U,U00:
Provided, That the temporaryclerks herein provided
for maybe classified according to the character of
their services, and that the Secretary of thcTreas-
uiy may award such additional compensation as may
be in his judgment just, and may bo required by tho
public service. And so much of the act making ap-
propriations tor the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government, approved March
2, 18G5. as lorbids the Secretary oi the Treasury "to
award any such additional compensation after tho
1st day of July, 180(3," is hereby repealed: I'rovid'.-d
further, That out of the appropriation of 000 made
by said act for compensation to temporary clerks in
the Treasury Department, and lor additional com-
| pension to clerks in the same Department, there
shall be paid to each poison therein, appointed by
the Secretary as a clerk or coum or, who shall have
served m such capacity for one year previous to tho
passage of this aet, and whose pay amounts to lesd
than ^1,000 per annnm, the >um ot S3 00.
Mr. WILSON. I am opposed to this amend-
ment for two reasons. I think it unsound in
principle. No Department of the Government
ought to be trusted with money in this way. I
am opposed to it because I do not choose to
trust the present officer at the head of the Treas-
ury with such powers. This is no time, in the
Mr. KESSEX I) LX. 1 can only say with
regard to this matter, that if the piinciple be
an unsound one, it maybe imputed in the first
place to the first Secretary of the Treasury
under Mr. Lincoln's Administration and to his
successor. Mr. McCulloch, the presmit Secre-
tary of the Treasury, is not responsible for it in
any way what e\ er except for the continuation of
it. 1 hope that in settling this question the Sen-
ate will not bo governed by the opinions which
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts may
happen to entertain of the present Secretary
of the Treasury. I know that politically lie is
not acceptable to the Senator and perhaps to
others; but in the administration ol the affairs
of his Department I have every reason to be-
lieve that he has conducted the interior ar-
rangements of the Department and everything
connected with it very honorably, properly,
and honestly, and very ably. There is no
objection 011 that account. So long as he is
Secretary of the Treasury he must be trusted
with the powers necessary to carry 011 the
Treasury. There is 110 question about that.
This is not a new provision. The Senator
probably has not looked at these bills. His
attention has been called to this matter by
some dissatisfied clerk or clerks in the Depart-
ment who have made some disturbance about
it, and, without understanding tlie case, he
makes the remarks that we have just heard.
in the first place, such is the business of the
Department that it is absolutely necessary to
employ a good many temporary clerks, and a
fund litis been set aside regularly for several
years, first on the recommendation of Mr.
Chase, the first Secretary under Mr. Lincoln,
of S200,000 for that purpose; and it has been
verv well applied.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask tho
Senator a question right there. _ It is whether,
in the present condition of affairs, it is neces-
sary to have this power to employ temporaiy
cleiks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Quite necessary.
Mr. TitUMBULL. I have understood that
recently quite a number of clerks have been
discharged from the Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN, It is quite as necessary
to have this power as it ever was, oiul, indeed,
more so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Can we not fix the num-
ber of clerks by law, so as to avoid the neces-
sity of appointing temporary clerks?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps we might fix
the number by law, but we should have to fix
