118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
which we have conquered territory from the
enemy. In such a case we would have ob-
tained power and jurisdiction over a territory
and its inhabitants, which we did not have at
the commencement of the war; but in our late
struggle we have acquired no new power or
jurisdiction, but simply have regained firmly
the power and jurisdiction of which the insur-
gents sought by the rebellion to deprive us.
While the war lasted, it bec&im necessary, in
the true interests of humanity, that it should
be conducted according to the rules of enlight-
ened Christian nations ; but now that the war
has ended, and the people of those States have
submitted to the rightful jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States, and returned to their duty, the rules
of war no longer are to be invoked ; but we are
to loot to the more appropriate and peaceful
remedies, for all that remains yet to be done,
to the Constitution of the United States. Sir,
we do not hold these States as conquered ter-
ritories, because they have always been, and
continue still to be, States within the Union.
While I must- admire the boldness and con-
sistency of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
in adhering to his cherished doctrine, that these
States were out of the Union, yet I would fail
in my duty to myself and my constituents, if I
did not denounce it, as most dangerous to the
prosperity and harmony of this Union.
After the war commenced, and after the sev-
eral States had passed their ordinances of seces-
sion, repeated acts of Congress were passed
based on the principle that all the States were in
the Union.
Allow me to refer to the act approved March
4. 186:2, fixing the number of members for the
House of Representatives from and after the
3d day of March, 18C3:
'' Be it enaefe/fJin the Senate and Sf'.u-ie of Represent-
ative 9 of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That from and after the 3d day of March,
18G3, the number of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Congress of the United States shall
be two hundred and forty-one; and the eight addi-
tional members shall be assigned one each to Penn-
sylvania, Ohio, Kentucky, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota,
Vormont, and Rhode Island."
Let me inquire how this number of two hun-
dred and forty-one is made up? We have not
two hundred and forty-one members in this
House. Sir, it was by allowing Virginia eight,
Tennessee eight, Georgia seven, North Caro-
lina seven, _ South Carolina four, Arkansas
three, Louisiana live, Mississippi five, Alabama
six, Florida one, and Texas four. This act
•was passed while the rebellion existed, and is
the law of the land to-day. Was this law con-
stitutional, and did these eleven States, 011 the
4th day of March, 1802, compose a part of the
Union? Other States are to-day represented
on this floor under the provisions of this aet of
the Thirty-Seventh Congress.
But again, section three, article four, of* the
Constitution of the United States, provides
that—
"No now State shall be formed or erected within
the jurisdiction of any other State; nor any State he
formed by the jiu c( ion of two or more states, or paits
of State?, without the convent of the Legislatures of
the States concerned, as well a - of the Congress."'
Let me ask how. under this provision of the
Constitution, the act admitting West Virginia
was passed? If bv the act of secession the
Slate^ of Virginia ceased to be a Stale within
the Union, how could the consent of the Legis-
lature of that State be obtained for the creation
of West Virginia? But we find by the act ad-
mitting West Virginia that it is recited in its
preamble, that—"
"The Legislature of Virginia hy an act parsed 011
the 13th of May, 1802, did a 1 va iia; consent to the for-
mation of a new State within the jurisdiction of said
State ot Virginia."
There was, then, at that time, such a State as
Virginia recognized, and if I am not mistaken
the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania
voted for the act admitting West Virginia. I
do not say that Virginia did gi\ e her consent
to the formation ot a new State within her
boundary. I only refer to these transactions
of the past to show that these States, after the
acts of accession were passed, and during the
continuance ofthe war, were regarded as within
the Union.
But it is unnecessary to cite further in-
stances of legislation to prove the position of
the honorable gentleman to be wholly unten-
able.
There is, however, one instance in our his-
tory plain to the American people, and recog-
nized by the whole civilized world, which seems
to me to settle the status of those States beyond
controversy, and that is, sir, the fact that An-
drew Johnson, a citizen of Tennessee, is the
President of the United States, and is so recog-
nized by every department of the State and
Federal G overnments, and by the nations of the
world.
Sir, if the doctrine maintained and advocated
by the distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania be sound, then there is no such State as
Tennessee within this Union, and Andrew John-
son is not constitutionally President of the Uni-
ted States. Are gentlemen on the other side
willing to sanction doctrines which lead to this
result? The Constitution provides, article two,
section one, that—
'1 >• o person except a natural-born citizen, or a eit-
izen of the United State3 at the time of tlio adojnion
of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the office of
President; neither shall any peison be eligible to that
office who shall not have attained the ago of thirty-
fivo years, and been fourteen years a resident within
fhe United States."
At the time of the election of Andrew John-
son as Vice President, he was a citizen of the
State of Tennessee, but if the Stale of Tennes
see was not a State within this Union, as the
learned gentleman insists, then Andrew John-
son was not a citizen of the United States, and
not eligible to the office which he holds.
But what follows if the doctrine contended
for by the honorable gentleman is erroneous?
ft hy, that the Union has never been dissolved;
that the attempt to break it uji has failed; that
the sacrifices of our brave and heroic Army
have preserved to as this glorious heritage of
our fathers; that not a single star has been
blotted out, and that the tlag which floats over
this Capitol ofthe people of all the States, with
every star still blazoned on its ample, folds,
still continues to be the true emblem of the
union all of the States.
Sir, more than this; if these States are in
the Union, if they have never been oul^f it, as
I contend, then, sir, they are in the Union as
equal Slates, with all the rights and privileges
which belong to States in this Union, and are
entitled to be represented 011 this iloor by the
same authority as the States of Pennsylvania
"and Ohio. Sir, there was much in the able
speech of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
which seemed to me not equal to the dignity of
the great question which I10 discussed. His
allusion to ''copperheads," and the imputation
of purposes of bad faith in regard to the pub-
lic debt, could lend 110 weight to his argument,
and were only calculated to arouse feelings
of bitterness and recrimination, which are not
calculated to aid in the elucidation of great
constitutional questions, or to develop wise and
healthy legislation. The allusion of the dis-
tinguished gentleman to the late Chief Justice,
filled me with pain and surprise. \'o purer
name or more upright and honest jurist, adorns
the long list of fhe great men of America, of
whom we are so justly proud. With a charac-
ter unsullied, and a conscientious devotion to
duty, he discharged every trust with the strictest
fidelity. His eminent learning and services
will be remembered and cherished by the good
and virtuous as long as our history and Amer-
ican jurisprudence shall be studied.
I am, sir, in favor of the admission of mem-
bers from the States now unrepresented on this
floor. The people of these States, it seems to
me, have acquiesced with great unanimity and
with sincerity in the condition of things which
the war ha-> brought upon them. They ha\ e aba 11-
doned slavery and surrendeted it up as one of
the things of the past, never, never again to be
reestablished. They have abandoned the claim
to any right, or pretense of an}'right of secession,
and with entire unanimity acknowledged the su-
preme jurisdiction ofthe General Government
in ail matters which have been vested in it by
the Constitution of the United States. They
have resolved for the future to bo true citizens
of the Union.
And now what should be the conduct of this
Government toward these people? Shall a
state of discord and acrimonious feeling, almost
as intense as that which existed during the war,
be continued ? Is it by such means as these
that fraternal relations are to be restored be-
tween the sections? No, no, let all those evil
feelings give way before the peaceful smiles of
a once more united and patriotic people. Let
us as far as possible forget the past, and gen-
erously welcome the return of our southern
brethren. Let no mean partisan or sectional
feelings or jealousies longer keep us asunder.
Let it indeed be a union of hearts as well as of
hands.
Representing as I do as intelligent, loyal, and
patriotic a constituency as any within the Union,
1 feel it not only a duty, but a pleasure, to give
my feeble aid in binding up the wounds of the
country, and to make use of every legitimate
means of once more cementing the bonds of a
Union, which I trust may be perpetual. Sir,
the surest means of preserving our cherished
Union is in the exercise of mutual charity and
forbearance; in a faithful observance of the
just rights of the people of the several States,
and a considerate regard for the feelings, hab-
its, views, and, it may be, the prejudices of the
different sections, so far as the same do not
violate the Constitution of the United States.
Sir, slavery is out of the way; pray let us not
quarrel about what policy fhe States may see
fit to adopt in regard to the question of suffrage.
I have never been the friend or advocate of
slavery. 1 have always regarded it as an evil,
but an evil which, in my opinion, the States
alone could remove; but it has ceased to exist,
and certainly 110 man who could in the least
influence the public mind will be found wild
enough to advocate its. recstablishment. The
discussion of the question of slavery which has
for so many years disturbed the deliberations
of the American Congress, and which has been
the parent of so much excitement and sectional
bitterness, should no longer disturb our delib-
erations.
Sir, no one will be more gratified than myself
to witness an advancement in the conduct, intel-
ligence, and virtue of the emancipated race,
equal to the most sanguine anticipations of
those who have so long demanded their freedom.
Whether the colored race, by their industry,
morality, and" good conduct, shall show them-
selves worthy to be admitted to the exercise
and enjoyment of more political privileges than
they now enjoy, is a question which must be
left to the exclusive judgment of the State? in
which they reside. For myself, as a Represent-
ative from the State of Ohio. 1 disclaim any
right whatever to interfere in these questions
in any of fhe States; and as a citizen of that
State, 1 am free to say, while I have no ill
feeling toward the nearo. I shall ever oppose
conferring upon him the right of suffrage in
Ohio.
But, sir, I repeat it, these are questions which
must be left to the exclusive determination of
the several States ; and the attempt to deprive
certain States from being represented on this
floor because the negro is not allowed to vote
within such States is a bold conspiracy to sub-
vert one of the plainest rights which belong to
the States. If you do not intend that these
States shall be represented in this Congress,
pray, sir, tell me in what Congress they are to
be represented? What do you propose to do
with them in the mean tinfe"? Are they to be
held as Poland is held by Russia, as Hungary
is held by Austria, or as Ireland is held by
Great Britain? Are the principles of the old
Constitution to be abandoned, and the whole
character of our syst em of government changed,
in order that the white men of eleven States
may he di.-francbised, and the negro clothed
with political rights? Is it possible, sir, that
within the limits of our Republic white men
will combine to degrade their own race and
kindred in order to confer political power into
the hands of black men?
