1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
>103
I know a great deal more about it than lie does ;
I have been in the Departments.
Mr. KTRKWOOD. That is very possible;
and yet I may know more about individual
clerks upon low salaries than the Senator does.
It does not follow that the man who receives
the highest compensation is the best officer.
I think I know men from my own State receiv-
ing a salary of $1,800 well qualified to dis-
charge the duties of men who receive a salary
of §5,000. I hope this amendment will not
be adopted, in so far, at least, as it prevents
th'e distribution of the excess of this appro-
priated sum of money among these inferior
clerks. Congress has already appropriated a
sum of money, $250,000. A portion of it has
been spent in paying, properly enough—I have
no fault to find with that—additional compen-
sation to the superior clerks ; but a portion is
unexpended, and it is now proposed to give
$100 each to those who receive the least. Then
1 hope that whatever unexpended balance there
may be will be divided among those who stand
next—those receiving $1,200 and §1,400.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a mere propo-
sition to give away $00,000 out of the public
Treasury to men not in the slightest degree
entitled to it, and who do not earn it.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Howdoes it differ from
the proposition to give $100 apiece to those who
do not receive $1,000? Can you not get enough
to fill their places?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is for the general
reason that they do earn more, and ought to
have it, and their pay is much less.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I understood the Sena-
tor, however, to say that you can get hundreds
of people to take the places of clerks receiving
$1,200, and therefore you ought not to give
them more than $1,200. Is it not true that
you can get hundreds to take the places of
those who are receiving less than $1,000 now?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose you might.
Mr, KIRKWOOD. I have been applied to
almost every day since I have been here for aid
to get people'into these positions; and if the
argument holds good in the one case, it does
in the other. If there is no occasion forgiving
$100 more to a man receiving y1,200 because
you can get another person to take his plaee,
there is no use giving $100 more to a person
receiving $900 because you may get another
to take his or her place.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The loaie of that is
that because you bring one up t o $820 you
should bring the other up to $1,300.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. The reason the Senator
will not give $100 additional to those who re-
ceive $1,200 is that so many more can be got
to fill their places. Does not the argument
hold good in the other case?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a mere waste of
money, and the wliole thing arises from a mis-
apprehension of the objectol'the appropriation.
Mr. KIIIKWOOD. I hope the amendment,
will not be adopted, or, if it is, that the pro-
vision making additional compensation to these
inferior clerks will be stricken out altogether.
Mr. CRESWELL. My objection to this
amendment of the committee is different, some-
what, from those already presented. It seems
to mo that the amendment of the Committee
on Finance transcends, in one respect, the
entire scope of the original proposition as it
came from the House of Representatives. The
House provision applied solely to clerks of
various grades, but the provision of the Sen-
ate amendment not only applies to clerks, but
it applies to officers and clerks, in the Treas-
ury Department; so that under this provision
we are vesting a discretion in the Secretary
of the Treasury to raise the salary of every
officer of that Department, no matter what
his grade, from Assistant Secretary down.
That is a discretion which I am unwilling to
vest in him ; and I think certainly, as regards
the officers of the Treasury Depaitment, there
is sufficient knowledge of the services they
render and of the capacity and labor required
of the various persons who fill those stations
to enable the Congress o£-the United States to
fix their salaries properly. I think it is put-
ting this whole matter at sea, and investing
entirely too large a discretion in the Secretary
of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We did precisely the
same thing last year.
Mr. CRESWELL. The phraseology seems
to be different.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was in another sec-
tion and another provision in last year's bill.
Mr. CRESWELL. The fact that it was done
last year, if it was done, does not get rid of the
objection.
Mr. GRIMES. We had not the same Sec-
retary then.
Mr. CRESWELL. That is one point, too.
Mr, HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I re-
gretted to hear the Senator from Massachusetts
express a want of confidence, in regard to so
small a matter as this, in the Secretary of the
Treasury. When this same power was given
to the Secretary of the Treasury a year ago, I
do not recollect to have heard that Senator
express any want of confidence in its exercise
by the Secretary. Of course we all know he
would not have been authorized or justified in
the expression of any want of confidence; and
in regard to the present Secretary, I think he
is not authorized in it by anything that has
occurred in his management of the Treasury
Department. He is a citizen of the State from
which I come, and I am proud of his reputa-
tion and ability as a manager of the finances
of the country. He came to that Department
with a high reputation, and I think he hasadded
very largely to that reputation. If the Senator
is influenced in his judgment by any apparent
differences of political opinion between liim
and (lie Secretary of the Treasury, then I say,
for that reason alone, in these times, when we
desire to cultivate the public crcdit and to estab-
lish confidence in all the affairs of the Treasury
Department, the Senator is not authorized, in
my judgment, merely because of a little differ-
ence of political opinion, to express a want of
confidence. If ho bases his opinion upon the
management of that Department by that dis-
tinguished citizen, then 1 think the facts do not
justify the expression which he has made to the
Senate this morning. Now, sir, if wc intrust
to the Secretary of the Treasury the manage-
ment of hundreds of millions of dollars, which
we do every year, shall we hesitate to give liini
the power to distribute among the worthy men
of his Department a small sum of money,
according to merit, and in such a way as to
secure efficient support in his Department?
That branch of the subject lias been so satis-
factorily treated by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance that I shall add nothing to
what he has said.
Mr. HOWE. 1 am going to vote against
this amendment, and 1 want to say that that
vote docs not necessarily imply any want of
confidence in the administrative ability or the
personal integrity of the present Secretary of
the Treasury. I never saw the Secretary of
the Treasury and I never saw the head of any
other Depaitment that 1 would agree, or ever
did agree, to put this sum of money in the
hands of to bo distributed arbitrarily. I have
always opposed the provisions, and I think
I shall always oppose every provision of the
kind. If it be so that we have a Secretary of I
the Treasury who cannot tell us what amount i
of service he wants and what kind of service !
he wants, and cannot inform us what such ser- )
vice as that brings in New York or Boston, in i
banks or custom-houses or in other places j
where like services are employed, we had bet- I
ter abandon the idea of governing the country ;
at all and having any Treasury Department, j
I insist upon it that the Secretary of the Treas- i
ury does know, or ought to know, just how 1
many employes he wants of these different
kinds and grades, and the Legislature ought
to know it, and we ought to be willing, and for
one I am willing, that the Government should
pay just as much for services of this kind when
employed by the Government as they can get
elsewhere. I do not believe that private par-
tips prosecuting private business ought to out-
bid the Government of the United States for
a given kind of service, and I am not willing
that it should be done. When we know what
is wanted, I am willing to fix the pay high
enough to command the best kind of service
where the best kind of service is wanted; but
I am not willing, as it seems to me, to under-
mine the whole theory upon which legislation
is based, and to put a gross sum in the hands
of any man to be distributed according to his
pleasure. I do not know what the Secretary
of the Treasury himself says or asks about
this thing, but it seems to me that it cannot be
a favor to him, but on the contrary, a great
disfavor to him. I do not know what sum
would induce me to undertake the disburse-
ment of such an amount. If you were to make
it three times this amount, I have no doubt it
would all be disbursed and would all be de-
manded of the Secretaiy. Men would be
forced upon him or their claims would bo
forced upon him for an increase of®their sala-
ries that he could not resist, and the whole, of
it would go.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Wis-
consin says that he has no doubt all this amount
will be disbursed, even if it were three times as
great as it is. The answer to that is simply
that the appropriation last year was $250,000,
and all that was expended was $130,000.
Mr. HOWE. That does rather upset my
theory, but it is not so flat a contradiction of
it as it would be if they were not here asking
for an additional appiopriation on the same
account.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have got another
year to provide for now. One hundred dollars
is to go to each of those receiving less than
one thousand dollars per annum; and that
will take about sixty thousand dollars, leaving
about sixty or seventy thousand dollars.
Mr. HOWE. They still retain the unex-
pended appropriation of last year and ask for
an additional appropriation to that. I do not
understand why they ought not to be content
with that already made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will make the Sen-
ator understand, if I can, if he will allow me to
explain.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the first place, the
appropriation made last year was for last year.
I lie appropriation proposed to be made now
is for the year to come. We cannot apply the
money that was appropriated for Lhe last year in
theyearto come. We have left about one hun-
dred and twenty thousand dollars. Sixty thou-
sand dollars ofthatwillbe taken up by theclause
which gives $100 additional to each omploy6
who receives less than one thousand dollars per
annum, leaving about sixty thousand dollars.
The result is to make the expenditure a little
over two hundred thousand dollars instead of
$2.",i).00i>, which was the appropriation made
last year. I was informed in the Department
by the clerk who makes these calculations—be-
cause they do not come immediately from the
Secretary—that he thought the appropriation
ought to be $200,000 instead of $100,000. X
told him tliat they must try to get along with
$100,000.
An objection is made to putting into the
hands of the Secretary the power of raising the
salaries. It is to avoid what will be necessa-
rily an expenditure that it is put precisely in
tiiis way. If you raise the salaries, they are
fixed, and they will be fixed when we come to
have a different kind of currency in a year or
two from what we have now. I thought, when
I was Secretary, and the present Secretary is
of the same opinion, that it is more econom-
ical to meet the extra expenses for two orthree
years by this kind of appropriation than to
make a general increase of salaries, on account
of the difficulty that would occur if we were to
attempt to reduce them afterward. Gentlemen
would be applied to by clerks precisely as they
applied to my friend from Iowa [Mr. KlliX-
wood] who argued the question just now.
Clerks from a particular State will get their
