1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
out forever the fires of their own hearth-stones.
Those who robbed the poor slave are now them-
selves made desolate. Fortunes amassed by
unpaid labor have disappeared in a day. Those
■who coined gold out of the blood and tears of
the poor have been made naked and destitute
as the king of Babylon while dieting upon
grass. Oh, there is poetic, if not divine justice,
in bringing to tjie oppressed his freedom and to
the oppressor his ruin.
Mr. President, we are just emerging from a
war. Yes, sir, a war; I will not belittle it or
mistalfo it by calling it simply an insurrection
or a rebellion. It was eleven States in one
confederation, united and organized under one
controlling head, inspired with the same spirit
and animated with the same hopes. And one
surrender surrendered all; not only all the men
and all the property and arms of the rebels, but
all there was at issue between the contending
Governments and all they went to war about.
It was all surrendered in the surrender of Lee
and Johnston, and all became property or per-
sons of the United States. Now, I ask, if we
conquered in this late war, why are not we en-
titled to the rights of conquerors? And why
must not the other side accept the duties of the
conquered?
Now, sir, what are the rights of a conqueror?
And especially what are their rights in the hour
of their triumph? I apprehend they are not
unlike the rights of au individual under the
common law when his life is attacked. If I
am assaulted by a highway man, by a man armed
and determined, my first duty is to resist him,
and if necessary, use my aims also. Ifheper-
sists with violence, my next duty is to prostrate
him, and then to disarm him. And while pros-
trate and disarmed, it is also equally my duty
to take such security from him or from those
allied to liim as my own safety and the peace
of the community will justify; and 1 have no
right to stop short of that.
Now, sir, I repeat that this war was a blow
at the heart and life of this nation ; and we at
first resisted it by surrounding the Government
with bayonets for defense. The assault was
repeated and continued. We then prostrated
the assassins and proceeded to disarm them;
and now here we are, hesitating about the
security. And some of us propose to take none
at all; and others propose only that conditional
security that still leaves all in the hands and
at the will of the assassins ; to leave with them
all the elements of security.
If suffrage in the rebel States is now placed
in the hands of only those who voted before,
what reason can any one give why they will not
vote again to make war on the United States
when the times and occasion shall promise suc-
cess more certainly? Does an inability to
prosecute longer the war and a surrender
on that account change the character or pur-
pose of the people engaged in it? When did
exhaustion or defeat ever eradicate the consci-
entious convictions ofa great people, struggling,
as they supposed, for their rights and their lib-
erties, deluded though they wtre?_ No, sir,
no. Little or nothing has been gained; and
we shall have little or nothing to show for the
blood and the treasure, the agony and the tears
which have flowed, if no manhood has been
achieved and no equality secured. If the lead-
ing and voluntary rebels are not disfranchised
and all loyal men enfranchised, and that made
secure in law. then have wc taken no security
_and nothing has been gained. The soldiers
"triumphed and made every battle-field historic
and glorious. We shall have surrendered,
basely surrendered; and the golden oppor-
tunity to crown with the freeman's ballot a
redeemed race will have gone from us forever.
I think I know and feel somewhat of the
responsibilities of this hour. These responsi-
bilities are upon us. Tlicy cannot be laid aside
or transferred to another. The fathers have
gone to their re-wauls, and posterity sleeps.
We, the men of to-day, must make our triumph
secure or lose all, and plant the pathway of
coming generations with thorns.
We must do it! Not only for the safety of
the Republic and for the faith of the nation
pledged in the emancipation proclamation, but
for justice to that race which have waited and
prayed and labored with undying hope for our
and their deliverance. It will have come at
last for them and for us, if they are allowed to
vote on the side they prayed and fought. I
have no more fears of their voting for slavery
and Democracy—" twin sisters, so unlovely in
their lives, and in death not divided"—flian I
had of their fighting for the same.
But the proposition before the Senate may
be thought to be one more of apportionment
and representation than of suffrage; and here
I will say, that some change, either in the law
of suffrage or in the Constitution,, is imperative,
and demanded by a change of condition for
three million people. It is bad enough for five
to count three in the representation, as was
established by law while they were slaves, but
to add two fifths more, while the chattels are
changed into freemen, is a monstrous injustice
which cannot be tolerated while the Govern-
ment remains republican. It would then be-
come a burlesque upon republicanism, andean
never, and ought never, to be acquiesced in.
I hesitate about giving my support to the
proposition of amendment reported by the
committee because—
1. It is not in harmony with any other
provision of the Constitution of the United
States. The inequality of the representation
recognized by the Constitution as it now stands
relates only to slaves; nowhere docs it allow
the freeman, being a citizen, to be disfranchised
and outlawed. This proposition is to allow a
State, upon a contingency which she may make
or choose, not to regulate the franchise as to
age, residence, and sex, but to disfranchise and
destroy rights held to be sacred by all men;
and such powers arc now for the first time to
be ingrafted upon the Constitution of the U nited
States. It is making provision in the funda-
mental law that colored men may tight for the
Government, be taxed for the Government,
but shall go unrepresented and disfranchised
forever.
Sir, if that crime is to be perpetrated upon
any race for no fault of their own let it be done
m violation of the Constitution and against the
supreme law. Such an amendment is against
the declared purposes of the Constitution, and
in its spirit unconstitutional. If that instru-
ment is now to be amended, with all the lights
of our history and experience thrown upon it,
it should be truly a "step forward," but my
most solemn conviction is that this is a step
backward. It could not have received the
sanction of the fathers, who had never known
a " slaveholder's rebellion why should it re-
ceive ours? It is not enough to tell me that
colored men are now disfranchised ; that they
have always been so; that the loyal States do
the same thing, and still their representation
is allowed in Congress and in the Electoral
College and everywhere. To allthatitis a suf-
ficient answer for me to say that what lias
been is not now, nor is the same to be the his-
tory of the future.
While slavery lasted, slave laws were a neces-
sary result. When slavery wanted whips and
fetters the East could manufacture them, for
the market; and when they wanted a public
sentiment made for their support they always
found some willing tool to gild over a " South-
side view;'' and when they wanted the fugitive
slave law executed for the sake of making a
humiliating demonstration of their overseerism,
they found some judges and some marshals j
and some commissioners ready lor the work.
And while slavery lasted, and hung like a cloud
over one half of the country, it is not strange
that its shadow should fall more or less heavily
upon the other half. And the degradation of
a race in one end of the country found plenty
of sympathizers in the others. Hence, I say,
that it. does not stop my mouth to tell me that
they are now disfranchised, and still counted
in the ratio of representation. What I plead
for is, that with the fall of slavery, may fall also
all its connections, all its supports, and all the
inequalities among citizens. I am not a stick-
ler for the form of the law, I care more for the
substance, I want the result, I am contented
with any laudable means. I prefer to unite
with those who seek the one result with myself
rather than divide. And any result for the
better, secured by a constitutional amendment,
must be an alleviation for the Constitution itself
as if anticipating such a result has provided
for it.
2. Have we made loyalty secure in the se-
ceded States if only a portion of the men vote,
and especially if that disfranchised portion be
of the ranks ef the truly loyal ? The disloyal
acquiesce, but do not love the power that pros-
trated them. Is it in man to hug to his bosom
the instrument of his death? It is said that
only bears will do that. Are we not expecting
too much when wc expect at once their loyalty
and devotion ? If their cause has fallen, are
they the ones to uphold ours ? Does not " mis:
ery love company" so well that they would
rather now see both destroyed, and they then
stand as our equals in reconstruction ? If thoiy
wounded soldiers and widows go unpensioned
will they vote and be taxed to pension ours?
If their currency is worthless, will they main-
tain faith in ours? If their bonds are repudi-
ated, will they make secure ours? Having been
terribly thrashed out do you suppose they will
now pay for the whips ?
Mr. President, some security is needed and
must be had. We are put in trust of thisgreat
estate, and what will the heirs say when they
come to demand their rightful legacies? Will
it be any answer to tell them that we trusted all
to those who had just gone into hopeless bank-
ruptcy, and gave up the old homestead and the
solvent heirships to wasteful, profligate, and
abandoned creditors? Whoever before this
heard of such wicked infatuation? Such trust-
ees must speedily be settled with or the estate
is ruined.
Oh, sir, by all the vows we made in the dark
hours of our trial, by all the memories of the
fallen, by all the gratitude we owe the living,
and for the hope of millions who are yet to live,
let this security be now demanded; and let us
take nothing short of it.
Sir, I now come to inquire if a constitutional
amendment, securing what is so desirable, can
be passed by the requisite votes in Congress,
and then adopted by three fourths of the States.
I confess, sir, to great doubts. The form re-
ported by the committee will, 1 doubt not, secure
as large a vote and as many States as any other
which has been named. But if no form can
receive the constitutional majority, are we help-
less and hopeless? I trust not. I do not be-
lieve that the equal justice we plead for all loyal
men is now, and is to be, held by men and States
who will not yield it. The hope of the freed-
men is not surrounded by such a cloud.
There is no extremity in the case, for the last-
constitutional amendment embraced all, gave
the most ample powers, even if they did not
exist before, for, after having secured the free-
dom of all men wherever the old flag floats, it
provided that Congress might " secure" the
same by "appropriate legislation."
What more could it have said? And who
are better judges of appropriate legislation than
the very men who first passed the amendment
and provided for this very ease?
Sir, what is " appropriate legislation" on the
subject, namely, securing the freedom of all
men? It, can be nothing less than throwing
a,bout all men the essential safeguards of the
Constitution. The " right to bear arms " is not
plainer taught or more efficient than the right
to carry ballots. And if appropriate legisla-
tion will secure the one so can it also the other.
And if both are necessary, and provided for
in the Constitution as now amended, why then
let us close the question by congressional leg-
islation. If the States, by putting these powers
and provisions into tbe Constitution, have au-
thorized legislation, then let it be done.
Sir, for more than live years in this Senate
I have voted for every measure that tended
toward human freedom and impartial rights;
