3104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Senators and Representatives interested in
their own particular eases and those cases will
affect very nearly the opinion with regard to
all, and then we shall have adopted a general
principle of a large expenditure, because each
of ns here has somebody from our State instead
of leaving them to their chances of advance-
ment and their ability to render service. That
is simply the argument of it.
Mr. HOWARD. It is very possible that
there may be a necessity for an appropriation
for additional clerks and other officers in the
Treasury Department; to what exact extent I
do not know. The objection that I have to the
amendment now before us is, that it gives the
Secretary of the Treasury a very broad discre-
tionary authority to make distinctions and dis-
criminations among the additional clerks who
may be by him employed, and who are to be
paid out of this appropriation. Does it not
open the door to a system of favoritism and
electioneering among the clerks which is very
obnoxious? That is my idea.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer the Sen-
ator.
Mr. UOWAliD. I should really like to have
a word of explanation upon that subject from
the honorable Senator from Maine. It seems
to me that (his feature is objectionable.
Mr. FESSLNDEN. There lias heretofore
been a proviso inserted that in employing addi-
tional clerks they should all be of the"lir.st class
and receive $1,-00. That has been found to
work very badly, ft does not make any elec-
tioneering in the Department, but outside of
the Department, to bring them in. Now, you
need different classes of men. Sometimes a
man whom you want very much and whose ser-
vices would be valuable, you cannot get for
$1,200, and the business that yon want him to
do is such that he ought lo receive more than
$1,200 for it. For that reason the limitation
that these temporary clerks shall be $I,'J00
clerks has been stricken out in this amendment,
because it would compel the appointment of
men who cannot render the service required.
My idea is that it is not worth while, with
regard to a public officer, to take it for granted
that he will do everything badly. If you have
a public ollicer nf high station you may just as
well conclude, because I believe that is the
most anxious desire of every head of a De-
partment. that he will make his Departmentas
ellieient as he can and do the business as well
ns be can and with as little expense as possi-
ble, and that he can be safely trusted. Mv
opinion is that instead ol wasting this money
and expending it, loo liberally, he will rather
expend it too niggaidlv under all the circum-
stances, (or tear that he might be blamed with
regard to it. That has been the result, and
always will be, because, the objections that
might possibly be made will always make the
head of the Department very careful on that
point.
Mr. HOWARD. I am far from indulging
the presumption that every ollicer in that or
any other Department will abuse the authority
that, we bestow upon him. 1 am more charita-
ble than that. I>ut still, with reference to the
present Secretary of the Treasury, it cannot be
forgotten, and 1 presume it is not forgotten—
certainly it ought not to be forgotten—that he has
very recently taken a position in pnrtv polities
which is very extraordinary, to say the least. In
a public speech not long since, speaking in ref
erence to a measure then pending before Con-
gress for the amendment of the Constitution
of the United States, he so far forgot the dig-
nity of the position which he holds, and the
measure of respect which, if it be not due to
Congress, ought always to bo observed toward
Congress, as to say that most of us were but a set
oi Constitution tinkers, an expression which
was unworthy, not perhaps of him, but of the
position which he occupies, indicating that he
had placed himself in a state of antagonism
with what then appeared to be the prevailing
sentiment of Congress upon a most important
public measure.
Now, sir, if it is his determination to con-
tinue in this attitude of antagonism and of
contempt toward the bodies from which he
derives not only his office but his bread, I do
not feel disposed to trust him with the exer-
cise of so broad a discretionary power in the
selection and payment of his clerks as this
amendment confers upon him. I do not think
it prudent exactly to say to him, "Yon have
full authority to reward a partisan of your own
by a high salary, whatever may be his qualifi-
cations as a clerk, and to reject other appli-
cants or to give them however small a pittance
they may be contented with." I would far
prefer to lay down some rigid rule of law by
which the clerk, whoever lie may be, shall
know for a certainty, by aet of Congress, how
much ho is to receive for his services, and not
to make him dependent upon the good will or
the whim of the Secretary of the Treasury, or
any other public officer. It may not be pos-
sible at this moment to secure such a provis-
ion; but -I throw out these ideas as the ground
of my opposition to the amendment in its pres-
ent form.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I have no desire to
repeat what I have said already on this sub-
ject. I only rise for the purpose of replying
to one observation made by the Senator from
Maine. I have never had any conversation
with people whom I represent with reference
to this matter. 1 know some gentlemen who
receive but. small salaries as clerks, who, in
my judgment, are competent to perform the
duties of those who receive higher salaries ;
but 1 have had no conversation with any one
in reference to this matter.
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. I think this question
should be treated upon its merits, without any
regard to the imputation of motives to anybody
why they approve or disapprove of it. "I cer-
tainly do not approve of the course which the
Secretary of the Treasury has thought proper
to adopt in speaking of Congress. I think it
is always best to speak respectfully of the
coordinate departments of the Government,
and that nothing isg.lined by iudulginginabuse
of those that we cannot agree with. But the
form of this appropriation, it strikes me, is very
objectionable. It really puts it, in the hands
of the head of the Department lo fix the sal-
aries of these clerks, ft put in his control
some two hundred and fifty thousand dollars,
1 believe, last year, and $100,000, I think, by
this bill, which he is to distribute in the em-
ployment of temporary clerks, and in additional
compensation to such clerks as bet bin ks proper.
I should not think that, the. Secretary would
want to be invested with such a power. It
must be very harassing and embarrassing. I
should think, to him, to ha\ e to make this dis-
tinction.
Hat the objection which 1 have to it is that
it leaves a discretionary power, which, while it
may induce zeal and greater activity on the
part of the clerks, it seems to me has a tend-
ency to make them more dependent upon the
head of the Department. ] dislike above all
things to see this dependence of one man upon
another^ any more than it can bo possibly
helped in the necessary discipline to be ob-
served in the Departments. 1 would not have
the subordinate clerks to depend upon the
head of (he Department for the amount of their
salary; and certainly it is calculated to lead
to abuse. I will not undertake to say that the
present Secretary of the Treasury, or any Sec-
retary of the Treasury would abuse it; but it
is a part of the Lord's Prayer, "lead us not
into temptation."' If they are not placed in
this position, they certainly will make no mis-
application of any such fund. It does not seem
to me that there is any necessity for it. I have
not looked into the statutes, but I rather think
it will be found that it has grown up within
the last three or four years.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has grown up from
the necessity of the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I am right. Ithas
grown up within the lastihrce or four years.
Wo are through the war now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will tell the Senator,
however, that long before the war took place
there was a standing appropriation of $25,000
for this very purpose of making additional
compensation to clerks who rendered addi-
tional service.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It docs seem to me it
involves a very bad principle. I do not pro-
pose to take up time further than to state what
seems to me to be an objection to this species
of legislation, and I hope the Senate will not
concur in the proposition.
There is also another objection that may be
stated. Itleadsfo a great deal of dissatisfaction
among the clerks themselves. They are all
claiming it, and one set of clerks think, as I
am told, that they have been overlooked, while
others, they charge, are favorites of the par-
ticular Secretary in case they receive any por-
tion of this money ; and they become dissatis-
fied ; though, I will say to the Senator from
Maine, that no one in any of the Departments
has ever said a word to me on the subject.
What I say is irrespective of any complaints
from anybody. I have understood, and under-
stood it here to-day, that there are complaints.
I think, perhaps, I have heard of them be-
fore ; but I am not aware that any clerk in any
Department every spoke to me in reference to
the distribution of this fund.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mean only lo state—■
the Senate, of course, will do what it pleases
about it—that if you strike out this appropria-
tion as the Senator proposes, the Department
cannot got along. It will be undoubtedly em-
barrassed, and they cannot possibly do the
work of the Department.
Mr. WILSON. I desire, before this debate
closes, to say a word in reply to the remarks
made by the Senator from Indiana. Among
the objections that I made to this amendment
was, that I did not choose, in the present state
of affairs, to give this discretionary power to
the Secretary of the Treasury. I cast no im-
putation upon his motives or his conduct; but,
sir, I must be permitted to say, as that Sena-
tor has thought it to be his duty to call the
attention of the Senate to my remarks, that
there are a great many things in the avowals
and acts of the Secretary of the Treasury that
have not met the approval of large masses of
men in this country. I think that no discre-
tionary power should be intrusted to him, or
to any other of these Secretaries, that can be
avoided, now that we have passed through the
crisis of the war, and we have time enough to
frame the proper laws and to hold all the
Departments responsible for their adminis-
tration.
It is well known that we have a very impor-
tant law upon the statute-hook—the oath of
office. It is a well-known fact that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury persistently for months,
and in spite of the earnest remonstrances of
the leading men of this country, continued to
violate the law of the laud, and to defend bis
violation of the law of the land when remon-
strated with. He assumed to understand the
public judgment of the country better than
those who reminded him of his duty to obey
the law, and told us that Congress would re-
peal the law; that there would be a piajority
in_Congress to sustain the views that he enter-
tained. Events have shown that he knew but
little of the public sentiment of Congress or
of the country. After a struggle, after months
of violation of law, he comes here with a bill
and asks us to pass an act to pay these persons
whom he has unlawfully put into office, be-
cause he now intends to put them out and to
obey the law.
I think that a public officer acting as he
has acted in regard to that matter ought not
to have discretionary powers thrust upon him.
I have no disposition to criticise any of his
public acts. There are those in the country
who do. I have here now a letter from one
of the most eminent merchants in New York
in which he says :
"Since January, 1866, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has sold in New York some seventy million dol-
lars gold; and the amount of the commissions paid to
