1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
and now, I hope, we shall not part company.
I have supported, before, measures which I
deemed incomplete, in the hope that others
more complete would follow; and should I
vote for this amendment of the Constitution it
will not be because I think it can ever become
part of the fundamental law, but rather because
it aims at that which is undeniably of great im-
portance, equalizing representation, and is in-
tended by the distinguished committee which
reported it—in whom I have the very highest
confidence—as a measure necessary to com-
plete the long contest about American slavery.
And it is certainly time such a result was
reached. And by supporting this measure, let
it be distinctly understood, I am not precluded
from supporting every other proposition which
tends to the same result.
The proposition to place representation upon
voters, being citizens of the United States, will
be, I suppose, considered, and upon that reso-
lution I shall offer some reasons for its passage
by the Senate, and in favor of its approval by
the States.
The basis of strength in a Government,
whether civil or milirary, is in the number, the
virtue, and the intelligence of the able-bodied
men. Those who light and save (lie Govern-
ment should be represented, and vote the meas-
ures for its perpetuation.
I prefer to do nothing by indirection. And
I do not believe we should do indirectly what
we ought not and have not the powerto do di-
reelly. I prefer to say directly what the amend-
ment, of the Senator from Missouri says, or,
what is heller still, lo enact thai into law, and
if any appropriate legislation is allowable un-
der the lale amendment, this law of direct en-
franchisement. of all men is most appropriate.
And to this result, after all, we must come. Let
us not take counsel of our fears, but of our
hopes: not of our enemies, but of our friends.
I remember those who have persistently re-
sisted e\ery measure against, slavery and for
freedom which has been proposed lor a quarter
ofa ceuluiy. They opposed the elforls to se-
cure the Territories to freedom. They opposed
emancipation is this Distiict,. They udieuled
the emancipation proclamation, and hold up
their hands in horror when it was proposed to
put a musket, in the hands of the black men lo
enable llii'tn lo strike! the redeeming blow of
their own freedom.
They resisted (lav after day the late amend-
ment to the Constitution, and pronounced even
the war for the Union a "failure.'' But, sir,
like the inevitable decrees of destiny, it has all
conic lo pass, and the conlest and (lie triumph
have, been in our day and lime. Thank God,
we have lived lo see il and lo lake part in it,
and now have the responsibility of closing il.
By all the memories which cluster about, the
pathway in which we have been led ; by all the
sacrifices, suffering, blood, and I ears of ihe
conllict: by all Ihe hopes of a freed country
and a disenthralled race ; yea, its a legacy for
mankind, let us now secure a free representa-
tive Republic, based upon impartial suffrage
and thai human equality made clear in the
Declaration of Independence. To this enter-
tainment !e! us invite our countrymen and all
nations, committing our work, when done, lo
the verdict of posterity and the blessing of
Almiubiv (!od.
The I'i'KSI1 >1VG OFFICER, (Mr. Cr.uiK
in the chair.) The question before the Senate
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. lli;\t)Ettso\] to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts. [Mr. Si'Mxef;. ] which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to strike out all after
the word "that'' in the amendment and to
insert the following in lieu thereof:
The followinet article be proposed to the legisla-
tuiesof the several states as an amendment, to the
Constitution of the United States, which, when rati-
fied by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall he
valid to ail mtcnto and purposes as a part of thosaid
Constitution, namely :
AuhcjM: 11, Xo Stato, in prescribing the qualifica-
tions requisite for electors therein, shall discriminate
atfaiihii anypersen oil account of color or race.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is no other
Senator who is disposed to speak upon this
resolution to-day, in accordance with the un-
derstanding I suggested this morning in regard
to the Senatar from Delaware, [Mr. Sauls-
EUBY,J I move that its further consideration
be postponed until to-morrow and be made the.
special order at one o' clock. If, however, there
is any Senator present who is prepared to speak
upon il to-day, I would prefer that he should
go on now.
The motion was agreed to.
SEARCH FOR MISSING SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate
joint resolution No. 30.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 36) providing for expenses
incurred in searching for missing soldiers of the
Army of the United States, and for the further
prosecution of the same, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. Miss Clara Barton having, during the
late war of rebellion, expended from her own
resources large sums of money in endeavoring
to discover missing soldiers of the armies of the
United States, and in communicating intelli-
gence to their relatives, the resolution there-
lore appropriates the sum of $15,000 to reim-
burse Miss Clara Barton for the amount so ex-
pended by her, and to aid in the further prose-
cution of the search for missing soldiers ; and
the printing necessary in the furtherance of that
object is hereafter to be done by the public
printer.
Mr. WILSON. 'There is a report accom-
panying the resolution which 1 should like to
have read.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not nccessary to read
the report.
Mr. WILSON. Very well; I will not ask
for its reading.
Mr. TRUJ1BULL. I should like to hear the
report, read. This resolution makes an appro-
priation of §15,000, and I should like to know
upon what grounds it is placed.
The Secretary read the billowing report:
The Committee on Military Affair* and tile Militia,
to whom was lel'eried the memorial of Miss Clara
Barton, praying aid to can y out a plan she has origi-
nated lor obtaining iutorniation of missing soldiers
and communicating the*-, ime totheir relatives, hav-
ing had the subject under consideration, bog respect-
fully to report:
That 'Hi the arrival at, Annapolis of larse numbers
of paroled and exchanged prisoners of war, m the
winter of lHij 1-U5, she received letters of inquiry from
all p.Li K ot the eouutiy dcMiing infoinnition of sol-
dieis supposed to tune been captured.
She then advertised, wilh the entire approval of
President Lincoln, tInit, she would receive and an-
swer ;-ueh letters troiu Annapolis, ami by publication
of tho naniesol'ims>-iir:soldiers, and peisonal inquiry
anion irt tie prisoners, she received nifoiinat ion ot more
I linn a, thousand ot the fifteen bundled soldiers whoso
names were t (ills published, and which she eoimiinni-
eated without delay to their anxious relatives.
She subsequently found it necessary, on account of
the hugely increased number ot inquiries, to extend
her labors and iueuraddiuonal expense, by Ihe em-
ployment of clerks and the publication of additional
hsts of missing men, 1 w enty t housaiid of which were
distributed through the eountiy, including one copy
to each post otheo in the loyal States.
Tile system which she has originated has thus far
proved a complete success, but she lne= been com-
pelled to abandon tile project solely tor tho lack of
means to carry il on; and in order to enable her
to carry it to ( onipb-tion, t lie coin mil tee i expect fully
recommend 1 he pa«s,H>eol the accompanying joint
resolution appropriating sdo.UOO to leimburso her for
expense already inclined, and to aid her m com-
plotmg her Wei k. Tins onfvaid she has heretofore
received has been the punting of the rolls by tho
public printer, which the joint resolution recom-
mends shall be continued.
She has, in many instances, obtained information
i of soldiers who were reported "deserters," while they
were languishing in southern prisons, and their lanii-
licsweie mourning fur them as disgraced, and her
i report has carried joy to many a household whose
members, while they have had presumptive evidcnco
of the eaptuie or death of the absent one, only re-
ceived positive evidence through her instrumentality.
Her observation warrants her in stating that, if the
desired aid be granted, information can be obtained
of probably four fifths of tlioso whoso fate will other-
wise never be ascertained.
The committee therefore respectfully recommend
the passage of tho accompanying joint lesolution.
Mr. NESMITH. I was not present in the
, committee when this resolution was under con-
j sideration, and 1 beg to inquire of tho chairman
I whether any voucher or evidence has been pre-
sented of the expenditure of the money which
is proposed to be reimbursed by this joint reso-
lution, and what guarantee is to be taken for
its proper disbursement hereafter.
Mr. WILSON. MissBartonhas spentseveral
thousand dollars in this work. I have here the
two lists that have been printed and circulated
over the country. There are several thousand
letters now on hand which she is not able to
answer on account of the want of means to hire
clerks to do the vast amount of correspondence
that this effort of hers has imposed up#n her.
She has spent in this work already several thou-
sand dollars of her own money; $7,900 lias
already been expended, with over a year of
toil and work on her part, and a great deal of
contributions made otherwise by persons who
helped to do tho writing. This appropriation
is not so large as persons who have examined
the subject very carefully desire. They thought
that it ought to be $20,000 or $23,000. The
committee put it at the lowest possible sum,
supposing that if that would not finish it, at
some future time a small additional appropria-
tion might be made. I think, however, that
this $15,000 will complete the work.
Mr. CHIMES. This is a case that I have
personally examined, and I think I can give
tho Senator from Oregon a little information
oti tho subject. Of Miss Barton I never knew
anything until my attention was directed to her
after the adjournment of the last Congress when
1 saw her name mentioned in the newspapers
as being engaged in the work of discovering
the whereabouts of missing soldiers. When I
came here at this session, at the instance of a
friend I examined the merits of this claim and
examined the vouchers, and I can assure the
Senator that she has a great abundance of
them, proving that her work has been most
laborious and most valuable to the cause of
humanity and the country.
It seems that Miss Barton was connected with
the Sanitary Commission and was stationed at
Annapolis. While she was there, a great many
persons came to Annapolis in great grief and
trouble in search of their friends, expecting
them to be on board of the ships that brought
our returned prisoners from Belle Isle and
Andcrsonvillc. A few of them were success-
ful in finding their friends, but a large portion
of them did not. Tliey were unable to ascer-
tain whether they were dead or whether tlicy
might expect them ouany other transport ship,
and there was no system devised by the "War
Department or by the Sanitary Commission
or by any one else by "which the facts in regard
to those missing soldiers could be obtained.
Miss Barton devised a scheme herself, and un-
dertook to perform that labor. Whenever tho
missing soldier's name was handed to her, she
obtained the number of his regiment and com-
pany, the State he was from, and if possible
Ins birthplace, and all tho facts in connection
with him. She then published lists of missing
soldiers, first beginning in a small way, as she
was able to write them herself or procure tho
assistance of others, and posting them upon
barrack doors and the most conspicuous places
about Annapolis, so as to attract the attention
of our returned prisoners from Belle Isle, An-
dcrsonville, and Salisbury. The work greatly
enlarged until it was impossible to post them
all upon the barrack doors in this way. It was
soon learned that she was in search of these
missing soldiers, and letters began to pour in
upon her from all sections of the country. I"
am told (I did not, count, them, but f should
judge the statement must be true from what I
saw) that she has at this time unanswered nearly
six thousand letters from the parents, wives,
and relatives in one degree or another of miss-
ing soldiers. Her means are exhausted, and
the question arose among tho people who were
interested in the prosecution of this work, what
is the best way to carry it forward'? Every-
body admitted that thus far Miss Barton had
succeeded most admirably and accomplished a
most humane and desirable purpose. For one,
when I was consulted by the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs as to what my
