120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
„ s let. us fexert ourselves industriously to
heal ttp all past differences, and labor to ascer-
tain how we may best curtail the enormous
expenditures of the Government, and reduce
the heavy burdens of taxation, whieh now press
upon, the people. Let us reejir back to those
"wise and pure lessons of patriotism and duty
taught ub by Jefferson in bis first inaugural when
he declared the principles which he de.emed
essential to the Government:
"Equal and exact justice, to all men of whatever
State or persuasion, religious or political; peace, com-
merce, andhonestfriendship with all nations, entang-
ling alliances with none ; the support of trie State
governments in all theirrights as the most competent
administrations for our domestic concerns and the
surest bulwarks against anti-republican tendencies;
the preservation of the General Government, in its
whole constitutional vigor is the sheet-anchor of our
peace at home and safety abroad; a jealous care of
the right of election by the people, a mild and safe
corrective of abuses which are lopped by the sword of
revolution where peacable remedies arc unprovided;
absolute acquiescence in the decisions of the majority,
the vitalprincipleof republics, from which thero is 110
appeal but to force, the vital principle and the im-
mediate parentof despotism; awell-disciplmed mili-
tia our best reliance in peacc, and for the first moments
of war till regulars may relieve them,; the supremacy
of the civil over the military authority; economy in
the public expense; that labor may be lightly bur-
dened; the honest payment of our debts; and sacred
preservation of the publie'faith; encouragement of
agriculture and of commerce as its handmaid; the dif-
fusion of information and arraignment of all abuses
at the bar of public reason; freedom of religion; free-
dom of the press, and freedom of person under the
protection of the habeas corpus, and trial by juries
impartially selected,"
If these wise principles shall guide us, we
may look with confidence for a favorable solu-
tion of all the questions submitted to our de-
liberations ; but, sir, if the radical and revolu-
tionary measures which have been introduced
into this House since the opening of this ses-
sion of Congress shall commend themselves
favorably to the majority on this floor, then
I believe that evils, serious and lamentable,
can only arise out "of this overreaching and
constant attempt to dictate to, and regulate, the
domestic affairs of the States. It is incompat-
ible with our whole frame and system of gov-
' ernment. I believe this Government can be
conducted successfully under our present Con-
stitution, with a faithful observance and respect
for the just powers and rights of the States ;
and so believing, while I will most cordially
and sincerely labor to maintain "the preser-
vation of the General Government in its whole
constitutional vigor as the shcct-anchor of-our
peace at home and safety abroad,'' I will also,
with the same determination, oppose all at-
tempts at the centralization and consolidation
of powers in the Federal Government, which
have not been granted to it, and labor to sup-
port "the State governments in all their rights,
as the most competent administrations for our
domestic concerns, and the surest bulwarks
against anti-republican tendencies."
message mom the sex ate.
The Committee of the Whole rose informally,
and the Speaker resumed the chair, when a
message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Forxey, its Secretary, announcing that the
President pro tempore of the Senate had ap-
pointed the following-named Senators as mem-
bers, on the pai't of the Senate, of the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction : Messrs. Fj-issexdex,
Gbimes, Harris, Howabd, Johnson, and Wil-
liams.
RECONSTRUCTION-—AGAIN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Chairman, I should
be glad, if it meet the sense of those members
who are present, to make some remarks upon
the general question now before the House; but
I do not wish to trespass at all upon their dis-
position in regard to this matter. I do not know,
however, thattherewillbe a better opportunity
to say what little I have to say than is now
offered; and if the House shall indicate no
other wish, I will proceed to say it. ["Go
on!"]
I need not say that 1 have been gratified to
hear many things which have fallen from the
. lips of tho gentleman froai Ohio, [Mr. Fisgit,]
who has just taken his seat. I have no party
feeling, nor any other feeling, which would pre-
vent me from rejoicing in the indications ap-
parent on that side of the House of a purpose
to concur with the loyal people of the country,
and with the loyal administration of the Gov-
ernment, and with the loyal majorities in both
Houses of Congress, in restoring peace and
order to our common country. I cannot, per-
haps, help wishing, sir, that these indications
of an interest in the preservation of our Gov-
ernment had come somewhat sooner. I can-
not help feeling that such expressions cannot
now be* of as much service to the country as
they might once have been. If we could have
had from that side of the House such indica-
tions of an interest in the preservation of the
Union, such heartfelt sympathy with the efforts
of the Government for the preservation of that
Union, such hearty denunciation of those who
were seeking its destruction, while the war was
raging, I am sure we might have been spared
some years of war, some millions of money,
and rivers of blood and tears.
But, sir, I am not disposed to fight over again
battles now happily ended. I feel, and I am
rejoiced to find that members on the other side
of the House feel, that the great problem now
before us is to restore the Union to its old in-
tegrity, purified from everything that interfered
with the full development of the spirit of liberty
which it was made to enshrine. I trust that we
shall have a general concurrence of the mem-
bers of this House and of this Congress in such
measures as may be deemed most fit and proper
for the accomplishment of that result. I am glad
to assume and to believe that there is not a mem-
ber of this House, nor a man in this country,
who does not wish, from the bottom of his heart,
to see the day speedily come when we shall have
this nation—the great American Republic—
again united, more harmonious in its action
than it has ever been, and forever one and indi-
visible. We in this Congress are to devise the
means to restore its union and its harmony, to
perfect its institutions, and to make it in all its
parts and in all its action, through all time to
come, too strong, too wise, and too free ever to
invite or ever to permit the hand of rebellion
again to be raised against it.
Now, sir, in devising those ways and means
to accomplish that great result, the first thing
we have to do is to know the point from which
, we start, to understand the nature of the mate-
r rial with which we have to work—the condition
of the territory and the States with which we
are concerned. I had supposed at the outset
of this session that it was the purpose of this
House to proceed to that work without discus-
sion, and to commit it almost exclusively, if
not entirely, to the joint committee raised by
the two Houses for the consideration of that
subject. But, sir, I must say that I was glad
when I perceived the distinguished gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] himself the
chairman 011 the part of this House of that great
committee on reconstruction, lead off in a dis-
cussion of this general subject, and thus invite
all the rest of us who choose to follow him in
the debate. In the remarks which ho madein
this body a few days since, he laid down, with
the clearness and the force which characterize
everything he says and does, his point of de-
parture in commencing this great work. I had
hoped that the gronndhe would lay down would
be such that we could all of us stand upon it
and cooperate with him in our common object.
I feel constrained to say, sir—and I do it with-
out the sliahtest disposition to create or to ex-
aggerate differences—that there were features
in his exposition of the condition of the coun-
try with which I cannot concur. 1 cannot for
myself start from precisely the point which he
I assumes.
; In his remarks on that occasion he assumed
that the States lately in rebellion were and are
out of the Union. Throughout his speech—I
will not trouble you with reading passages from
it,—I find him speaking of those Slates as "out-
side of the Union," as "dead States," as hay-
ing forfeited all their rights and terminated their
State existence. I find expressions still more
definite and distinct; I find him stating that y
they " are and for four years have been out of
the Union for all legal purposes;" as having
been for four years a "separate power," and
"a separate nation."
His position therefore is that these States,
having been in rebellion, are now out of the
Union, and are simply within the jurisdiction
of the Constitution of the United States as so
much territory to be dealt with precisely as the
will of the conqueror, to use his own language, .
may dictate. Now, sir, if that position is cor-
rect, it prescribes for us one line .of policy to
be pursued very different from th& one that
will be prQper if it. is not correct. His belief
is that what wc have to do is to create new
States out of this territory at the proper time-
many years distant—retaining them meantime in
a territorial condition, and subjecting them to
precisely such a state of discipline and tutelage
as Congress or the Government of the United
States may see fit to prescribe. If I believed
in the premises which he assumes, possibly,
though I do not think probably, I might agree
with the conclusion he has reached. _
But, sir, I cannot believe that this is our con-
dition. -I cannot believe that these States have
ever been out of the Union, or that they are
now out of the Union. I cannot believe that
they ever have been, or are now, in any sense
a separate Power. If they were, sir, how and
when did they become so? They were once
States of this Union—that every one concedes;
bound to the Union and made members of the
Union by the Constitution of the United States.
If they ever went "out of the Union it was at
some specific time and by some specific act. I
regret that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] is not now in his seat. I should
have been glad to ask him by what specific act,
and at what precise time, any one of those
States took itself out of the American Union.
Was it by the ordinance of secession? I think
we all agree that an ordinance of secession
passed by any State of this Union is simply a
nullity, because it encounters in its practical
operation the Constitution of the United States,
which is the supreme law of the land. It could
have 110 legal, actual force or validity. It
could not operate to effect any actual change
in the relations of the State adopting it to the
national Government, still less to accomplish
the removal of that State from the sovereign
jurisdiction of the Constitution of the United
States.
Well, sir, did the resolutions of these States,
the declarations of .their officials, the speeches
of members of their Legislatures, or the utter-
ances of their press accomplish the result?
Certainly not. They could not possibly work
any change whatever in the relations of these
States to the General Government. All their
ordinances and all their resolutions were sim-
ply declarations of a purpose to secede. Their
secession, if it ever took place, certainly could
not date from the time when their intention to
secede was first- announced. After declaring
that intention, they proceeded to carry it into
effect. How? By war. By sustaining their
purpose by arms againstthe force which the Uni-
ted States brought to bear against it. Did they
sustain it? Were their arms victorious? If
they wore, then their secession was an accom-
plished fact. If not, it was nothing more than
an abortive attempt—a purpose unfulfilled.
This, then, is simply a question of fact, and we
all know what the tact is. They did not suc-
ceed. They failed to maintain their ground by
force of arms—in other words, they failed to
secede.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevexs] insists that they did secede, and (hat
this fact is not in the least affected by the other
fact that the Constitution forbids secession.
He says that the law forbids murder, but that
murders are nevertheless committed. But
there is no analogy between the two eases. If
secession had been accomplished, if these Slates
had gone out, and overcome the armies that,
tried to prevent their going out, then theprohi
