1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
4065
to the Chair* The proposed amendment will
not be read unless called for by some Senator.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to1, and the House amendment, as
amended, was concurred in.
iJOtTNTIES OF COLORED SOLDIERS.
Mr. WILSON. I desire now to take up
Another very_ important resolution, which will
take but a moment, and for the want of which
thgre is great suffering in the country. We
passed a bill a month ago which has stopped
entirely the whole matter of bounty pertaining
to colored persons ; the House of Representa-
tives made a mistake in it, and they have cor-
rected it. I should like to put that resolution
on its passage. It is very important and there
is a great deal of complaint about it. I move
to take up the Hpuse joint resolution No. 176.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (II. R. No. 176)
amendatory of a joint resolution entitled "A
resolution respecting bounties to colored sol-
diers, and the pensions, bounties, and allow-
ances to their heirs/' approved June 15, 18C0.
The Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia reported the resolution with amend-
ments.
The first amendment was to strike out all
after the enacting clause of section two down
to and including the words "United States,"
in line nine of section three, as follows:
That whenever application shall be made by any
claimant for bounty under the provisions of the joint
resolution aforesaid, through any attorney or agent,
the post office address of the claimant shall be fur-
nished. giving: the name of the county and State in
which it is situated, and the amount of commission
or fee which the attorney or amentia to receive for his
service in the settlement of the claim, which charges
in no case shall exceed the sum of five dollars; and
every such application shall be accompanied by the
writton affidavit of the attorney or agent, that he has
not charged, nor agreed for, and will not accept, more
than such sum of five dollars for his services in the
case. The Paymaster General, or proper account-
ing officer of the Treasury, upon ascertaining the
i&mount due, shall cause to be transmitted to such
claimant the full amount thereof, less the fee to be
paid to the attorney or agent, which fee shall be paid
to the said attorney or accentin person, or transmitted
to such address as the attorney may direct.
Sec.5. And be it farther resolved, Thatany attorney
or agent who shall receive from any claimant a sum
greater than five dollars for the prosecution of any
claim under the provisions of said resolution, upon
conviction thereof shall pay a fine not to excced the
sum of $1,000, or imprisonment for a term of not less
than one year, or both, as the court or jury may ad-
judge, and bhall be forever thereafter excluded from
prosecuting claims of any nature whatever against
the Government of the United States.
And in lieu thereof to insert the following:
That whenever application shall be made by any
claimant for bounty under the provisionsot the joint
resolution aforesaid, by or through any agent or
attoruev, such agent or attorney shall hereafter be
required to file with each claim his oath or affirma-
tion that he has no interest whatever in said bounty
beyond the fees for collection of the same, which are
hereby fixed and established as follows, namely : for
reparation and piosecution ot claims for, and
the collection and remittanceof, all sumsnot exceed-
ing $100, ten per cent, upon the amount collected,
and for all sums exceeding $100, the sum of ten
dollars; and said fees shall include all expenses in-
cident to the collection of said claims, except the
expense of the necessary affidavits and notarial or
other acknowledgments, which shall be defrayed by
the claimant; and any agent or attorney who shall
charge, directly or indirectly, in any case, a greater
sum for his services in preparing and prosecuting
said claims and remitting the amount due, shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall, upon
conviction, be punished by fine not exceeding $3,000
nor less than $1,000, and shall be forever excluded
from prosecuting military or naval claims against the
Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [four]
three, line four, after the word " depository"
to strike out "in or near the district.wherein
the claimant may reside.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
[five,] line two, after the word "soldier" to
strike out "sailor or marine j" in line three
after " discharge'1 to strike out "final state-
ment, descriptive list, or other papers;" and
in line nine after " soldier" to strike out
"sailor or marine;" so that the section will
read:
That it shall not be lawful for any soldier to trans-
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 255.
for, assign, barter, or sell his discharge, for the pur-
pose of transferring, assigning, bartering, or selling
any interest in any bounty undor the provisions of
said resolution; and all such transfers, assignments,
barters, or sales heretofore made are hereby declared
null and void as to any rights intended so to be con-
veyed by any suoh soldier.
The amendment was agreed to.
Th® joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendments were
concurred in. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed and the joint resolution
read the third lime. The joint resolution was
read the third time and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REEGRBEJ).
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 480) to provide for and
to regulate the weighing of exports, and for
other purposes—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A bill (H. R. No. 704) for the relief of Fran-
cis Colgcn—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 795) to authorize the entry
and clearance of vessels at the port of Calais,
Maine—to the Committee on Commerce.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 193) author-
izing the transmission through the mails free
of postage of certain certificates by the adju-
tant general of New Jersey—to the Committee
oil Post Offices and Post Roads.
post route bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 775) to establish certain post roads.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will at
onee dispose of those few amendments and
finish the bill.
The Secretory proceeded to read the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have looked through all
these amendments. There is no occasion to
read them through. They are mere names of
places, and are all right.
The amendments were concurred in.
kansas and neosho valley railroad.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the H^use of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 285) granting lands to the State of
Kansas to aid in the construction of the Kansas
and Neosho Valley railroad, and its extension
to Red river.
Mr. POMEROY. T move that the Senate
concur in those amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
railroad from i'ort riley to port smitii.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 224) granting lands to the State of
Kansas to aid in the construction of the south-
ern branch of the Union Pacilic railway and
telegraph from Fort Riley, Kansas, to Fort
Smith, Arkansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that those amend-
ments lie oil the table.
The motion was agreed to.
proposed recess ok congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following resolution, from the
House of Representatives:
Resolved by the Route of Iteprewntntivei, (the Son-
ate concurring,) That the President of the.Senate
and the Speaker of tho House of Representatives, on
 the day of , at twelve o'clock meridian,
adjourn their respective Houses until Tuesday, the
2<1 day of October, 1866, and that on that day, unless
it be then otherwise ordered by the two House?, they
further adjourn their respective Houses until Satur-
day, the 1st day of December, 1SC6.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the resolution
lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
STOCKTON AND COPPEROPOLIS RAILROAD.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
244.
The motion was-agreed .to; and'the Senate,
as in Committee of the "Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 244) granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad from
the city of'Stockton to the town of Copperop-
olis, in the State of California.'
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee ws
in section three, line, two, after the words
"granted to the" to insert "State of Califor-
nia, for the construction of the;" after "rail-
road," in line three, to strike out" company:"
in line nine, after the word "the," to strike
out "amount" and insert "extent;" in the
same line, after "ten," to strike out "alter-
nate section^ per;" and to add an "s" to
" mile ;" so as to make the clause read:
That there be, and is hereby, granted to the State
of California, lor the construction of the said Stock-
ton and Copperopoiis railroad, its successors and
assigns, for the purpose of aiding in the construction
of said railroad, and to secure the safe and speedy
transportation of the mails, troops, munitions of war,
and public stores over the route of said line of rail-
way, every alternate section of public land designated
by odd numbers, to the extent of ten miles on each
side of said railroad lino as said company may adopt,
whenever on the lino thereof the United States have
full title, not reserved, sold, granted, or otherwise
appropriated, and free from preemption or other
claims or rights at the time the line of said road, is
definitely fixed and a plot thereof filed in the ofiico
■ of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in the same section, line twenty-one, to strike
out the word "ten" and insert "twenty;" in
the same line to strike out the word "same"
and insert "said line of road;" and in line
twenty-four, after the word "numbers," to
strike out "not more than ten miles beyond
the limits of said alternate sections;" so as to
make the clause read:
And whenever, prior to said time, any of said sec-
tions or parts of sections shall have been granted,
sold, reserved, or covered by private land grants, or
occupied by homestead settlers, or preempted, or
otherwise disposed of, other lands shall be selected
by said company in lieu thereof, on the line of said
road, within twenty miles of the said line of road,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
in alternate sections, and designated by odd numbers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line twenty-eight, to strike out "agricult-
ural" before "lands;" and in line twenty-
nine, after "within," to insert "the said;" SO
as to make the proviso read:
Provided, That all lands containing gold or silver,
or copper, be, and the same are hereby, excluded
from tho operations of this act, and in lieu there of *
a like quantity of unoccupied and unappropriated
lands in odd-numbered sections, within the said
twenty miles of the lineof said road, may beselected
as above provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line twelve, to strike out " unless said lands are
of a character that they are covered by the
exceptions and reservations of this act; then
said company shall have a right to select such
lands on the line of said road so constructed
and in line fifteen, after tho word " miles," to
strike out "of said road so completed," and
insert "thereof;" so as to read:
And patents of lands, as aforesaid, shall be issued
to said company, confirming to said company the
right and title to said lands, situated opposite to and
conterminous with said completed section of said road,
within twenty miles thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
nine of the bill in the following words:
Sro. 9. And be it further enacted. That all people of
the United (States shall have the ri«ht to subscribe to
the stock of the said railroad until the whole capital
is taken up by complying with the terms of subscrip-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion twelve of the bill, in the following words:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, .That the said
company is authorized to accept to its own use any
grant, donation, or loan, power, franchise, aid, or
assistance which maybe granted to or conferred upon
sai'l company by the Legislature ot any State, county,
or municipal corporation, person or persons, and said
corporation is authorized to hold and enjoy any such
