1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOB1,
tfl
bition of the Constitution could not have al-
tered tlie fact. In the case of murder the man
' is killed, and murder is thus committed in spite
of the law. The fact of killing is essential to
the committal of the crime; and the factof go-
ing out is essential to secession. But in this
case there was no such fact. "I tliink I need
not argue any further the position that the rebel
States have never for one moment, by any or-
dinances of secession, or by any successful war,
carried themselves beyond the rightful jurisdic-
tion of the Constitution of the United States.
They have interrupted for a time tlm practical
enforcement and exercise of that jurisdiction;
they rendered it impossible for a time for this
Government to enforce obedience to its laws ;
but there has never been an hour when this
Government, or this Congress, or this House,
or the gentleman from Pennsylvania himself,
ever conceded that those States were beyond
the jurisdiction of the Constitution and laws of
the United States.
During all these four years of war Congress
has been making laws for the government of
those very States, and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has voted for them, and voted to raise
armies to enforce them. Why was this done if
they were a separate nation ? Why, if they were
not part of the United States? Those laws were
made for them as States. Members have voted
for laws imposing upon them direct taxes, which
are apportioned, according to the Constitution,
only "among the several States" according to
their population. In a variety of ways—to some
of which the gentleman who preceded me has re-
ferred—this Congress has by its action assumed
and asserted that they were still States in the
Union, though in rebellion, and that it was with
the rebellion that we were making war, and not
with the States themselves as States, and still
less as a separate, as a foreign, Power.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania cited a
variety of legal precedents and declarations of
principle, nearly all of them, I believe, drawn
from the celebrated decision of the Supreme
Court pronounced by Justice Grier, in what
are popularly known as the Prize Cases. His
citations were all made for the purpose of prov-
ing that these States were in a condition of pub-
lic war—that they were waging such a war as
could only be waged by a separate and independ-
ent Power.- But a careful scrutiny of that de-
cision will show that it lends not the slightest
countenance to such an inference. Gentlemen
who hear me will doubtless recollect that the
object of the trial in those cases was to decide
whether certain vessels, captured in trying
to break the blockade, were lawful prize of
war or not; and the decision of this point
turned on the question whether the war then
raging was such a contest as justified a resort
to the modes and usages of public war, of
which blockade was one. Justice Grier de-
cided that it was—that, so far as the purposes
and weapons of war were concerned, the two
parties were belligerents, and that the Govern-
ment might blockade the ports and capture
property within the lines of the district in
rebellion, precisely as if that district were an
independent nation engaged in a public war.
But he said not one word which could assert
or imply that it was an independent nation—
that it had a separate existence, or had gone
out of the sovereign jurisdiction of the United
States. On the contrary, everything he said—
the very passages quoted by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania himself—imply and assert pre-
cisely the opposite. He speaks of them, not
as sovereign, but as claiming to be sovereign ;
not as being separate, but as trying to be sepa-
rate from the United States. In this paragraph
quoted from that decision, for example—
"Hence, in organizing this rebellion, they have
acted as States claiming to be sovereign over all per-
sons and property within their respective limits, and
asserting a right to absolve their citizens from their
allegiance to the Federal Government. Several of
these-States havo combined to form a new confed-
eracy, claiming to be acknowledged by the world as a
sovereign State. Their right to do so is now being
decided by wager of battle"—
the court asserts precisely the principle which
I have already stated—that they were claim-
ing independence, and that the validity of their
claim would depend wholly and entirely upon
the decision reached in the field of battle. The
same misconstruction is traceable in all the
legal citations made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. For example, he says:
" Again, the court say, what ! have been astonished
that anyone should doubt: . .
" "The proclamation of blockade is itself official and
conclusive evidence to the court that a state of war
osisted.'
" Now, what was the legal result of such war?
" 'The conventions, the treaties, made with anation,
are broken or annulled by a war arising between the
contracting parties/—Vattel, 372; Hallcck, 371, sec-
tion 23."
A blockade is evidence that a state of war
exists; and a state of war annuls all treaties
between the contending parties. But does this
warrant the inference that the Constitution of
the United States, which is not a treaty, was
annulled, or its binding force in the least degree
impaired, by the war of rebellion?
But I will not go further in examining these
citations. All they show is that the Government,
as against the rebels, and in waging the war to
suppress the rebellion, had the rights of belli-
gerents, and that the rules and laws of war might
and must be applied to this contest although it
was not a war between separate and independ-
ent Powers. How, then, can this decision pos-
sibly be made to convoy the idea that the parties
to the war were separate and independent
States? It proceeds throughout and in every
part upon precisely the opposite idea.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] spoke of States forfeiting their State ex-
istence by the fact of rebellion. Well, I do
not see how there can be any such forfeiture
involved or implied. The individual citizens
of those States went into the rebellion. They
thereby incurred certain penalties under the
laws and Constitution of the United States.
What the States did was to endeavor to in-
terpose their State authority between the in-
dividuals in rebellion and the Government of
the United States, which assumed, and which
would carry out the assumption, to declare
those individuals traitors for their acts. The
individuals in the States who were in rebellion,
it seems to mo, were the only parties who under
the Constitution and laws of the United States
could incur the penalties of treason. I know
of no law, I know of nothing in the Constitu-
tion of the United States, I know of nothing in
any recognized or established code of interna-
tional law, which can punish a State as a State
for any act it may perform. It is certain that
our Constitution assumes nothing of the kind.
It does not deal with States, except in one or
two instances, such as elections of members of
Congress, and the election of electors of Pres-
ident and Yice President.
Indeed, the main feature which distinguishes
the Union under the Constitution from the old
Confederation is this, that whereas the old Con-
federation did deal with States directly, making
requisitions upon them for supplies and relying
upon them for the execution of its laws, the
Constitution of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, made its laws bind-
ing on the individual citizens of the several
States, whether living in oneState or in another.
Congress, as the legislative branch of this Gov-
ernment, enacts a law which shall be operative
upon every individual within its jurisdiction. It
is binding upon each individual citizen, and if
he resists it by force he is guilty of a crime and
is punished accordingly, anything in the con-
stitution or laws of his State to the contrary not-
withstanding. But the States themselves are
not touched* by the laws of the United States
or by the Constitution of the United States. A
State cannot be indicted: a State cannot^he
tried; a State cannot be hung for treason. The
individuals in a State may be so tried and hung,
but the State as an organization, as an organic
member of the Union, still exists, whether its
individual citizens commit treason or not.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Raymoxd] yield to mo a moment
for a question ?
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to ask the gentleman
this question: by virtue of what .does a State
exist? Is it by virtue of a cpnstitutionj_and by
virtue of its relations to the Union? That is,
does a State of the Union exist, first by-virtue
of a constitution, and secondly by virtue of -its
practical relations to the Government of the
United States? And further, I would ask
whether those States, acting by conventions of
the people, have not overthrown the constitu-
tion which made them parts of the Union,, and
thereby destroyed or suspended—phrase' it as
you will—the practical relations which .made
them parts of the Union?
Mr. RAYMOND. I will say, in reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania^ [Mr. Kelmy,]
that it is not the practical relations of a State at
any particular moment which make it a State
or a part of the Union. What makes a State
a part of the Union is the Constitution of the
United States; and the rebel States have not
yet destroyed that.
Mr. KELLEY. The question I propound is,
whether a State does not exist by virtue of a
constitution, its constitution, which is a thing
which may be modified or overthrown?
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. And whether these rebel-
lious constitutions or States have not been
overthrown?
Mr. RAYMOND. A State does not exist
by virtue of any particular constitution. It
always has a constitution, but it need not have
a specific constitution at any specific time. A
State has certain ^practical relations to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. But the fact of
those relations being practically operative and
in actual force at any moment does not consti-
tute its relationship to the Government or its
membership^ of the United States. Its prac-
tical operation is one thing. The fact of. its
existence as an organized community,_ one_of
the great national community of States, is quite
another thing.
Mr. IvELLEY. Let me interrupt the gen-
tleman one moment longer. I will ask him
whether, if the constitution be overthrown or
destroyed and its practical relations cease,
there be any State left?
Mr. RAYMOND. Why, sir, if there be no
constitution of any sort in a State, no law, noth-
ing but chaos, then that State would no longer
exist as an organization. But that has not
been the case, it never is the case in great com-
munities, for they always have constitutions and
forms of government. It may not be a con-
stitution or form of government adapted, to
its relation to the Government of the United
States ; and that would be an evil to be reme-
died by the Government of the United States.
That is what we have been trying to do for the
last four years. The practical relations of the
governments of those States with the Govern-
ment of the United States were all wrong—were
hostile to that Government. They denied our
jurisdiction, and they denied. that_ they were
States of the Union, but their denial did not
change the fact; and there was never any time
when their organizations as States were de-
stroyed. A.dead State is a solecism, a contra-
diction in terms, an impossibility.
These are, I confess, rather metaphysical
distinctions, but I did not raise them. Those
who assert that a State is destroyed whenever
its constitution is changed, or whenever its
practical relations with this Government aie
changed, must be held responsible for whatever
metaphysical niceties may be necessarily in- ^
volved in the discussion.
I do not know, sir, that I have made my
views on this point clear to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Keu.ey,] who has ques-
tioned me upon it, and I am still more doubtful
whether, even if they are intelligible, he will
concur with me as to their justice. But I re-
gard those States as just as truly within the juris-
diction of the Constitution, and therefore just as
really and truly States of the American Union
now as they were before the war. Theii'prac-
tical relations to the Constitution of the United
States have been disturbed, and we haveAeeo
