1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2145
rich veins of iron, copper, lead, coal, salt springs,
aiA Producing territory.
. As regards business, I will state that the merchants
in tiie city of Denver sold 812,000,000 worth ot merchan-
dise in the year 18G3. The abrogate amount ot busi-
ness done by banks in the Territory is $15,000,000 per
annum.
As regards our agricultural resources, I will simply
say that the amount of land under cultivation is set
forth ill the report of the surveyor general. Our soil
is rich and productive, ancl the yield per acre satis-
fies the most sanguine of farmers. Irrigation is re-
Quired except on the streams.
Prom the county of Boulder, one of tho smallest
counties in the Territory, there were raised and sold
in the city of Denver twenty-five thousand bushels
of grain. This was exclusive of what they retained
for seed and home consumption. One farmer in the
county of Arrapahoe sold his crop in Denver tor tho
snus sum of $00,000. The counties of Jefferson, Weed.
El Paso, Huerfano, Conejos, Costilla, Pueblo, and
Fr6mont are agricultural counties.
This i3 a simple statement of facts, and X send it to
you for the purpose of placing Colorado right before
the lionorablo body of which you are a member.
1 am, sir, very respectful iv,
george t. clark,
, Mat/or of Denver, and
Cashier of the -First National Bank.
Hon. James \V. Nye,
Senator from Nevada, Washington, J). C.
Now, Mr. President, I present tlie authority
of Mr. Clark, the mayor of Denver, and the
cashier of the first national bank there, against
the supposed authority of my friend from Mas-
sachusetts.
Sir, I claim that it is the sound and wise
policy of this nation to have the strong power
of State governments across this continent.
There is something in State ties. I never be-
lieved in this late quasi dissolution of States;
but there is nothing that binds us so elosely
together in mutual interest as State ties. 1
believe that as a principle it. is frue; and tho
time so much longed for by tho distinguished
Senator from Kentucky who last addressed you
will soon come when reason takes the place
of frenzy in the rebellious States, when their
judgments shall surmout their prejudices,when
they shall have ceased to do evil and learned
to do well, when it will be an acknowledged
fact that State tics are stronger and more pow-
erful than national pressure from outside. I
want to see a row of States across this conti-
nent that will vibrate with one thrill from the
quiet waters of the Pacific to the restless waters
of the Atlantic. I want a State bond of sym-
pathy from occan to ocean that will hold "the
East and the West in bonds which the world
cannot sever. I want the people inhabiting
this vast expanse to be protected by Slate gov-
ernments because they will make that which is
now a wilderness ''bloom and blossom as the
rose." They will bring to the earth's surface
a wealth that will astonish the world.
Give these people tho fostering care of State
governments, and they will convince foreign
creditors that whatever obligations may rest
upon the shoulders of the Government, they are
always on a specie basis. Sir, higher titan that,
they stand on bullion. Give them State gov-
ernments that will protect the miners in their
distant mountain homes, let them feel that they
are not in danger from the wrath of the wild
savage nor from the neglect of their Govern-
ment, and the population will be so thick as to
drive away the last phantom that haunts my
friend's mind—the grasshoppers—from Col-
orado. Sir, give Colorado a State govern-
ment, let her have a voice in the national
councils with which she will be in unison of
sentiment, and her growth will be more magi-
cal than anything produced by the lamp of
Aladdin. My friend has always turned, I sup-
pose, eastward for light. Go West; go out
there, and what will he sec? The tales upon
which lie has feasted, that he has read as fa-
bles, are excelled by the realities. You find
in Colorado a people that beat the mountains
fine. You find in these ,new border Territories
and States a population that level the mount-
ains and fill up the valleys. They stop at
nothing. Give them protection, and I repeat
that the growth of Colorado will astonish the
world. I have seen the difference between a
State and Territory; and although the mantle
of a State government has rested a little more
than twelve months upon my State, there is a
39th Coxa. 1st Sess.—No. 135.
feeling of security and advancement that never
could have existed under a territorial govern-
ment.
My friend is alarmed for the dignity and honor
of the older States. Well, they will take care
of themselves. I have heard much said against
New England, and I love her so well that I am
not going to repeat it; but she only occupies
a small portion of this continent and she has
had twelve most estimable (and it is happy for
the country she has had them) Senators here
that have stood like a breakwater between the
lashings and fury of rebellion and the stability
of the Government. Sir, would you have hesi-
tated during the rebellion to have two from
Colorado ? Wrould you have quibbled upon the
little point of the honor of the older States?
Sir, a great State never is so noble and never
appears so grand as when it readies out its i
hand to a young, tender State and says, "1 will |
uphold and sustain you; I bid you Godspeed
on this journey."
Massachusetts was once young. True, that
was a great many years ago; but she was
young; she is old now, and should not forget
that time. My friend and 1 have, both been
younger than we are; but, there is nothing 1
recur to in my past life with half the pleasure
1 do when I recollect an instance when 1 have j
stretched out my hand to a young man to aid
him over the thorny pathway of professional
life. Sir, the States were not born at onee;
but the Constitution clothes them with the gar-
ments of age ; from the moment they arc born
they are the equals of the older States. It is
well it is so. Why should they not be the
equals of the old States? Tlicy are bone of
our bone and flesh of our flesh, offspring,
shoots ingrafted upon the main stock of the
parental Government. Sir, 1 do not think
New York would bo scared, frightened out of
her propriety, if Colorado should have a couple
of voteshcre. New Yorkstandsuponher own
base as firm as the everlasting hills, and so will
Colorado. Sir, I care not how many votes
there are here ; 1 anticipate the time, and that
not far distant, when State line after State line
will join, and there will not be an inch of the
mountains and plains from I he now dreary
glaciers of Montana or Nevada to the eastern-
most, boundary of the States beyond the Mis-
sissippi that will not boast of a State govern-
ment standing as an equal with New York and
Massachusetts upon this floor, and neither of
tlieni will be degraded by the association.
Sir, this business of making States is a large
business; it has frightened the men down South.
While they were engaged in hurling States out,
some of us were engaged in bringing States in.
This Government in its form and plan will
never be perfoct till there is not a territorial
dependency in it, till State lino touches State
line over our broad and expansive continent.
And furthermore, if I may be pardoned, I
see symptoms of States from another quarter.
When this Fenian speck shall have blown away,
the Canadians like wise men may seek shelter
under the protecting asgis'of the tree of liberty
that was planted here by our fathers. Sir, the
St. Lawrence is not wide enough to divide the
continent between monarchical and republican
institutions. New Brunswick and the other
British Provinces are certain to come in and
to tend toward an eastern preponderance by
and by, as time rolls itself around.
I hope, Mr. President, that this vote will
.be reconsidered. Colorado deserves better
than to be rejected now. My friend says the
enabling act is dead. Well, suppose it is dead,
does Colorado die with it? Because a statute
has lapsed, are you to kill everybody that
went where the statute existed ? I pay but
little attention in the discussion of this ques-
tion to the mere fact of the existence of that
enabling act. States have been brought into
this family of States'-without any enabling act
and with less population than Colorado has
got. The State of Arkansas, when it was
admitted, had but eleven thousand white popu-
lation in it; and why do we stand here now,
at this late day, debating such a point, when
it is not the number of inhabitants that make
a State, but the quality and character of the
inhabitants? Why do we stand here quib-
bling about, numbers, when our fathers did
not stop to cavil? Sir, it is time to drop this
iron standard of having so many or no State.
When a body of men conic here with the
power to uphold and maintain a State govern-
ment clothed with the garment,, of loyalty, let
them come in. _ In that, way you put, if 1 may
use the expression, braces into tins great tem-
ple ol freedom. You bring these elements
ol strength from State organizations, and my
friend from Kentucky will pardon me when I
say that the citizens of Colorado know their
resources, know the expenses of a Slate gov-
ernment, know its burdens, and knowing
them are willing to take them upon them-
selves; and who shall lie the judge for them
but, themselves ?
Mr. President, I have detained the Senate
longer than 1 intended. I hope this vote will
be reconsidered. Upon every principle of
right,_ tho enabling act was at least an invita-
tion for them to come. My (iiond from Mas-
sachnseKs says it would have been all well if
they had come a year sooner. l)oes lie not
remember I he parable? The laborer u ho came
al the eleventh hour got the penny, too. 1 know
tin: embarrassment of the question of time.
Our election was lixed on the same day with tho
('■(dorado election under the enabling act; and
nothing but using the telegraph and unusual
exertion enabled us to distribute intelligence
to our distant mining posts; and some oft,hem
did not know it. What, then? The conven-
tion met. We supposed that we must be ad-
mitted before the election in the fall, or our
work would be void; and 1 telegraphed my-
self sixteen thousand eight, hundred words, the
constitution of the State of Nevada: and Ne-
vada was born by telegraph. [Laughter.] 1
received across the trembling wires, from the
pen of the immortal Lincoln, that, Nevada was
born; and a .shout went up that made the
mountain-tops and valleys ring. l)o you not
suppose he knew what lie was about? Clearly.
Why did he not kick us out because (he word
"white" was in our constitution? It, will not
do. If Colorado lujd had as many telegraphs
as we happened to have, and had used them
as much, she would have been born in time,
But, sir, this question of time, 1 take it, is a
matter of small consideration. Ilere was an
invitation to this feast of States; and she has
come up to the feast as soon as time would
allow. She has eomc up as soon a? she could
attire herself in State garments for the feast.
My friend meets her by talking of "grasshop-
pers."- [Laughter.] When she asks for bread,
tho bread of national life, he gives her a stone.
Sir, that will not do. I insist upon it. that my
friend from Massachusetts liiustbebeaten now;
and I trust that the lesson will teach him to
take it gracefully, and I assure him in tho
utmost kindness that this word "white" will
not hurt anybody.
Mr. President, [ trust that this vote will be
reconsidered and reconsidered now, and that
Color,ado which so j ustly deserves to stand within
the circle of States will not be kept out any
longer.
Mr. McDOITGALL. Mr. President, "lam
not an orator as Brutus is." In the matter of
rhetoric, of euphony, and elocution, the gentle-
man who last addressed the Senate is my mas-
ter infinitely. Of all these things I say nothing;
but of myself I must say something because I
did on a previous occasion vote for the pending
measure. I did it spontaneously, without care-
ful consideration. After careful consideration,
I think it is not just or right, not consistent with
our system. The reason on which I before
acted spontaneously was that I desired to build
up a western interest, which is the interest that
my country belongs to. After careful^ consid-
eration, 1 do not think that the Territory 6f
Colorado is so populated and has such a num-
ber of permanent inhabitants as to justify her
representation by two Senators in this Senate
Hall- Its population does not eonje within,the
