3106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
am, personally, more responsible than any
other man; for although my predecessor did
ask and receive, without a word of objection
from anybody, because it was proper and
necessary, a sum of money to employ extra
clerks and to increase the compensation of
others—I do not know whether that was in it
or not; the first was, at any rate—and it was
continued from year to year, this precise pro-
vision that now exists, not in the same words
however, but the substance of the provision
I drew with my own hand at the Treasury De-
partment, and sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. CONNESS. It was determined, if the
Senator will permit me, in the Committee on
Finance, before the honorable Senator was
Secretary of the Treasury. The committee
sustained that course after a full consideration.
They knew that the salaries of the clerks in all
the Departments could not be raised, and they
also knew, upon investigation, that the salaries
of some of them must be raised, and they
adopted that plan.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the whole of
the matter from beginning to end.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to remind the Senator
• that he is not entirely correct in saying that
there was no objection to the proposition.
There was an objection made in committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I never hoard it.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator has forgotten it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I may have forgot-
ten it.
Mr. CONNESS. The objection did not
obtain.
Mr. HOWE. I remember that very well,
but the objection was made.
Mr. FRSSENDEN. If my friend fr om Wis-
consin did not make an objection in that case,
I will say it was a wonderful thing, for I never
knew a question that he did not object to any-
how. [Laughter.] It would be an exception
to his general rule.
Now, the simple fact, is, that the Treasury
cannot get along without something of this sort
being done. With the present force of the
Treasury, as organized, the business cannot be
done. The reason why no now organization
was made and salaries increased was simply
because by doing so we should commit our-
selves to an increase that would cost us more
money than we ought to pay. It would neces-
sarily lead to a large expenditure of money that
might be saved, and we were anxious to save
it. That was my logic on the subject, and I
investigated it as carefully us I ever investigated
anything. 1 see no way, therefore, but for Con-
gress to place souk; discretion, to ,i very small
extent, (ibryou must remember there are about
two thousand employes in the Treasury Depat t-
ineut.) in the Secretary of the Treasury to
tide over this dillicult tunc and conduct the
business. The principle you may say is a bad
one. So it is as a principle. But t will ask
my friend from Illinois, if his experience does
not afford him proof of many cases where be
has been obliged to do a thing that, he would
gladly have avoided, because he could not do
the other thing that lie would gladly have done,
ft is the history of human affairs. We cannot
do everything even in (lovernment, just as we
would like to do if, and in the best way. This
was the conclusion that 1 came to as a Senator
before f went into the Department, and I was
more confirmed in it after f got into the Depart-
ment.
Now, with legard to this talk about, the Sec-
retary having his favoiites, and the Secretary
paying this or that inan because ho supports
the President's policy, and all that,, it is redu-
cing a man of high character and standing to
the level of a blackguard without the slightest
foundation or reason for it in the world. I
would not impute it to one of ray adversaries
unless I saw proof of the actual fact. I have
never been knuwn_ to be particularly enthu-
siastic in my admiration of the Democratic
party; but I never took it for granred that a
man who was eminent enough to be placed at
the head of a Department would be a mere '
thief, guilty of mean and low actioss in the
management of his Department. Sir, it is the
Sride of every man who goes to the head of a
department to conduct it well and fairly. He
must be impartial; he must be just. His own
reputation and his position require it. The
idea that because we do not like the present
Secretary of the Treasury, therefore we are to
presume that he would descend to these little
tricks, and spend money that is committed to
him for a public purpose in accomplishing his
own private purposes, is not only doing him
injustice, but doing no credit to the individual,
whoever he may be, that entertains an idea of
that description with regard to a public officer,
without proof of the fact that it is so. Let
us do men justice. Let us quarrel, if we will,
about politics with those who do not agree
with us; but at any rate I think we had better
maintain the intercourse which is duo from
one gentleman to another, even with regard to
Our political adversaries.
Now, sir, I have only to say with regard to
this amendment, it makes not the slightest dif-
ference to me, of course, whether the Senate
strike it out or keep it in ; but J tell them if
they do strike it out, as my friend from Illinois
suggests, you will throw the Department into
a state of embarrassment which will trouble
not only them, but will trouble you necessarily,
and trouble the public business; and it will
lead, from the want of ability to do the work
of that Department, to complaints from men
whose interests require that the work should
be done, which will not be visited upon the
Secretary, but upon the Congress that refused
to put it in the Secretary's power to accom-
plish what he is bound to do.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President-
Mr. 1IOWE. Will the Senator permit me to
say a word?
Mr. GRIMES. I have only a word to say
and shall occupy but a moment. I certainly
have been very much instructed, and I have no
doubt the Senate have been, by the lessons
which the Senator from Maine has given us on
the dignity and propriety of public debate. I
believe the Senator started out with the prop-
osition that it, was exceedingly improper for
any member of this body to criticise or say
anything against an absent person who was not
here to defend himself. Is it possible that the
Senator from Maine would deny to us a just
criticism of a public officer? Is it possible that
it is not fair and legitimate discussion for us to
speak of the public acts of the Secretary of the
Treasury when it is sought to invest him with
a new power, or a power that has never been
exercised but once or twice before by an officer
under si milarciicumstances? Does the Senator
always confine himself to this rule? It seems
to me it is nota\ciy long time ago since 1
heard some remarks made about the head of
another Department who refused, in opposi-
tion to the wishes of a distinguished Repre-
sentative, without any law authorizing him to
do it, to send a commission to make a certain
investigation. The head of that Department
was quite as much absent, as the Secretary of
the Treasury is to-day. The members of this
body were not present upon a celebrated occa-
sion when they were denounced as tinkers of
the Constitution, and the most opprobrious
language used, in the most offensive and oppro-
brious manner that it possibly could bo used.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator said he
was there.
Mr. GRIMES. I was there, but the body
was not there. The distinguished tinker at the
head of the tinkering committee was not there—
the gentleman who of ail others was most de-
nounced, I supposed, but who now, forgetting
that, defends in the most laudatory manner the
gentleman who thus denounced him and his
associates, f confess that f have not so inucli
of that spirit of forgiveness which the Senator
from Maine is willing to manifest upon this
occasion. I have remembered the occurrences
of that evening, and the manner of the speaker
at the time that he gave his utterances to the
mob that was before him.
But then the Senator says that it is very
improper for us to speak of political questions
upon a matter of business. What political
questions have been discussed hero by the gen-
tlemen who have opposed this amendment? I
understand that this proposition is to invest the
Secretary of the Treasury with a discretionary
power to dispose of one or two hundred thou-
sand dollars, giving it to such and such clerks
as he chooses in his Department. It is a
power that has not usually been granted. It
is adding to the amount that was appropriated
at the last session of Congress and yet unex-
pended. It is an extraordinary amount. A
Senator says that he is unwilling to intrust the
Secretary of the Treasury with the disposal of
this money, and why? Because he has not got
confidence in him. Why has he not got confi-
dence in him? Because helms not obeyed the
law of Congress passed two years ago denying
him the power to appoint anybody to office
unless he should take a certain oath. Is not
that a legitimate argument to be urged against
the adoption of this amendment? The Secre-
tary appointed persons whom he had no author-
ity to appoint. c required that every ap-
pointee, under a certain law, should take a
certain oath, and he disregarded that oath.
The Senator from Maine says he would have
regarded it; he would have obeyed the law of
Congress. So would I. I think that any man
who had a due regard for his conscience and
the laws of Congress, and a proper respect for
the authority of the Government, would have
done it. I say it is a legitimate reason for
expressing a want of confidence in the Secre-
tary of the Treasurj', that he refused to obey
that law.
Another Senator says that he has lost confi-
dence in the Secretary of the Treasury for the
reason^ that he has not disposed of the gold
belonging to the United States in such a man-
ner as he deemed most economical and to the
advantage of the Government. Is not that a
legitimate criticism ? Are wo to be denied
expressing our opinions on a question of that
kind because the Secretary of the Treasury is
absent, is not here, and cannot be here, to
answer for himself? If it he true that in that
instance he has employed a relative ; if it be
true that that relative made by the sale of
the gold $-10,000 during the month of May ; if
it.be true that after the rise in gold ho sold
several millions of gold at 311, as the outside
and highest price, when it had been going in
the market two or three hours before at 34 and
33, is not that a legitimate criticism? And
have we not authority to know, and ought we
not to know, and is it not, I beg to ask the
Senator from Maine, somewhat in the duty of
the Committee on Finance to inform the Sen-
ate, how it happened that he sold so many mil-
lions of gold after the market had risen above
31 to 31 and 35, and who were the purchasers
of that gold, making the difference on several
million dollars between 31} and 34 or 35 that
it had been sold at during the day ?
I submit that because the Secretary of the
Treasury is not present to answer these ques-
tions himself, these matters that are publicly
discussed in the newspapers, that are in the
mouths of everybody, and that have, no matter
what may bo the opinion of the Senator from
Maine to the contrary, exceedingly lowered
the Secretary of the Treasury in the opinion
of the financial men of this country, and in the
opinion of some of the best of them destroyed
all confidence whatever in him—I say that
these matters are fair subjects of investigation,
fair subjects of criticism ; and I, (or any other
Senator.) in my judgment, have a right to urge
them when such a question as this is under
consideration.
Now, sir, when you take into consideration
these facts, and take into consideration the
proceedings of a public meeting, which were
read by the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye]
to the Senate the other day, held and presided
over by Treasury clerks denouncing me and
denouncing the Senator from Maine in most
unmeasured terms as usurpers, as men who
