1865,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■w
controversy and rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Now, what are those principles which should
be thus surrendered? The principle of State
sovereignty is one of them. It was the corner-
stone of the rebellion—at once its animating
spirit, and its fundamental basis. Deeply in-
grained as it was in the southern heart, it must
be surrendered. . The ordinances in which it
was embodied must not only be repealed, the
principle itself must be abandoned, and the
ordinances, so far as this war is concerned, be
declared null and void, and that declaration
must be embodied in their fundamental consti-
tutions. We have a right to insist upon this;
and it must be apparent that so far as that prin-
ciple is concerned, this war was a permanent
success.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will allow
me to make the inquiry whether if that were
done to-day by South Carolina, and the people
of that insurgent State restored to all their
powers in this Union, they could not blot it out
to-morrow, by every construction that has ever
been given to the operation of the Constitution
of the United States upon any State maintain-
ing its relations to this Government? What
guarantee would that bo?
Mr. RAYMOND. I might as well ask the
gentleman whether if this Congress pass a cer-
tain law to-day they may not repeal it to-mor-
row. I do not know anything that any com-
munity can do that they cannot undo at some
future time.
Mr. BINGHAM. When the gentleman talks
of guarantees to the people of the United States,
I ask him whether there is not some olher
method that occurs to him by which these guar-
antees can be obtained than to submit simply to
the will of the insurgent States? Is it not to be
done by putting the guarantee in the Constitu-
tion of the whole people of the United States,
and thus placing it beyond the power of South
Carolina to repeal it?
Mr. RAYMOND. Well, Mr. Chairman, there
have been a good many things put in the Con-
stitution of the United States which South Car-
olina did not deem beyond her power, and they
undertook to prove that fact, but they did not
succeed. My own impression is that whatever
is now a part of the Constitution and laws of
this country is beyond the power of South Car-
olina to disturb. 1 might as well ask the gen-
tleman whether, when the enemy surrendered its
ordnance in the field, we ought not to refuse
to accept it because they might possibly at some
future day come and recapture it.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will ex-
cuse me. lie talked of new guarantees. The
people of the United States undoubtedly de-
mand them. But I wish him to answer intel-
ligibly what new guarantee is given by incor-
porating in the constitution of South Carolina
the mere formula that she by her constitution
declares that she has not the right to secede,
when she has the power the very next day to
strike it out? Is that a new guarantee?
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly it is. That has
never been in the constitution of South Caro-
lina before. If she puts it there now. it is a new
guarantee, is it not ? Whether it is au adequate
form of that guarantee or not, is another ques-
tion which I have not discussed. South Caro-
lina has always hitherto asserted the right of
secession, and under thatassertion she attempted
to secede. If she now repudiates or abandons
that right, we have certainly that new assurance
that she will not renew the attempt. We shall
certainly have this tangible admission on her
part, that, if she does again rebel, it will be in
direct repudiation and contempt of her own
principles. I will not say that nothing more
would be desired or accepted. I am quite
willing, if it can be done, to put that acknowl-
edgment into the Constitution of the United
States. But I think it is there now, and that
it always has been there, and that there is no
more doubt about it now than if it were slated
in express terms. When I read in the Consti-
tution of the United States, that "this Consti-
tution shall be the supreme litsv of the land, any-
thing in the constitution or laws of any State to
the contrary notwithstanding," I deem that to
be as plain as any declaration can be against
the doctrine of State sovereignty, and I cannot
believe that any form of words on our part
would be more explicit or more emphatic. But
if the gentleman can get any.more explicit
denial into the Constitution of the United States,
he will find me voting for it every time.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then the gentleman ad-
mits that there is no necessity for any new guar-
antee from a State.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have made no such ad-
mission. I have said that it was in the Consti-
tution of the United States before the rebellion,
and that it is now in the constitution of the State
of South Carolina also, where it never was be-
fore ; and that it is certainly a new guarantee,
whether worth much or little.
Now there is another thing to bo surrendered
by the defeated rebellion, and that is the obli-
gation to pav the rebel war debt.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman allow
me to inquire whether that guarantee in the con-
stitution of South Carolina amounts to anything
more than the signature of an indorser on the
back of a note, who may at any time thereafter
take his name from the paper?
Mr. RAYMOND. Perhaps not; perhapsyou
can get better secuiity. If you can, I cer-
tainly shall not object. But such as it is, it
is at all events something gained, and it is only
in that light that I have referred to it. N either
of the distinguished gentlemen from Ohio,
[Messrs. Bixgham and Sciiekck,] able lawyers
as they are, will .deny that we had the right to
demand that of South Carolina. And if it was
worth while to demand it, it is hardly worth
while, having got it, to say that it is of no value
at all. We expose ourselves by so doing to
the imputation of trifling in having demanded
it alJ
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no doubt at all that
the people of the United States, those who
maintained the integrity of their Constiution, had
the right to demand of South Carolina a per-
petual guarantee in the future that she should#
not even claim the color of authority to secede
and set up a government againet the consti-
tutional authority of the Government of the
nation. And when they demand that, I take
it that the people of the United States are
not to he told that South Carolina alone is to
have the control and keeping of that guarantee.
But the people of the United States are here-
after to be the guardians of their own honor,
and the protectors of their own nationality, and
they will take, into their own keeping those
great guarantees that are to secure peace and
prosperity to every section of the Union in
future, and to secure themselves against this
work of secession under the pretense of State
sovereignty.
Mr. RAYMOND. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Btxgiijm] inform me who has over
pretended that the people of the nation are
not to take into their own hands the guarantees
of their own security and their own honor?
Mr. BINGHAM. Whoever pretends that
future guarantees against the pretension of the
right of a State to scccde is to rest with the
State alone, stands simply and solely on the
resolutions of Virginia of 1708, out of the
pernicious assumptions of which came all our
trouble.
Mr. RAYMOND.. Will the gentleman say
whether I ever took any such ground?
Mr. BTNGIIAM. I do not say that the gen-
tleman has. But the gentleman says that the
guarantee is to remain in the constitution of the
State.
Mr. RAYMOND. Does that imply that it is
never io be anywhere else?
Mr. BINGHAM. That is the point.
Mr. RAYMOND. And I want an answer to
that point. The gentleman tries to fasten upon j
me a position that I have never taken. And i t 1
required all his ingenuity to reach the point at
which he has at last arrived. I said that we
have a right to require from the people of South
Carolina the abandonment of their doctrine of
secession. Now, whether we may not also re-
quire that the people of the United States shall
reaffirm that and put it into the Constitution of
the United States, is a thing about which I
have said nothing whatever, except that when-
ever presented in a proper form it will have my
assent: . :
Mr. BINGHAM. I am glad to hear the gen-
tleman say that, For if these guarantees are
essential, and the gentleman seems to agree
that they are, then it is highly important that
the American people should determine therfc,
without being interrupted in the settlement
of that question by the intervention of South
Carolina under the pretension that she is a
State in this Union, with all the reserved rights
of a State. What right, I would ask, has she
to set up any such pretension?
Mr. RAYMOND. Well, Mr. Chairman, the
gentleman must settle that matter with South
Carolina.
Mr. BINGHAM. I propose", in cooperation
with the loyal people and their Representatives
in Congress, to settle it with South Carolina.
Mr. RAYMOND. I can only say on that
subject that South Carolina found herself in-
vited by the President of the United States,
the representative of the people of the United
States, as the gentleman from Rhode Island
[Mr. Jexckes] very properly insists that I shall
term him, to cooperate in the restoration of the
Union—to resume her functions as a State of
the Union, and, as a preliminary st'ep, to repu-
diate this debt and give this guarantee of her
loyalty and good faith.'
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg the gentleman's par-
don. I do not think he can find anywhere any
authority for the statement that the President
of the United States ever invited South Caro-
lina to exercise any voice or vote on that ques-
tion here. I would like the gentleman to in-
form us when and where the President of the
United States invited South Carolina to do it.
Mr. JENCKES. He invited the people liv-
ing upon the territory which was formerly the
State of South Carolina.
Mr. RAYMOND. The President in his mes-
sage says:
"I know very well that this policy is attended with
sonic risk ; that for its success it requires at least tho
acquiescence of the States which it concerns; that it
implies an invitation to those States, by renewing
their allegiance to the United States, to resume their
functions as States of the Union."
Mr. BIXGHAM. Undoubtedly.
Mr. RAYMOND. That is precisely what I
said, and all that I said.
Mr. BINGHAM. That does not touch the
point of my inquiry, which is this: has the
President of the United States, in any place
or at any time, intimated that South Carolina
sustains such relations to this Union, notwith-
standing her rebellion, that she has the right to
interpose here in Congress her voice in this
question of settling the adoption of these guar-
antees. and tendering them to the American
people by a vote in Congress?- That is what I
mean exactly.
Mr. RAYSlOND. Well, Mr. Chairman, this
is wandering considerably from the point. _ I
have said nothing as yet about the admission
into Congress of South Carolina, or any other
of the States now unrepresented here. The
President certainly lias indicated to the south-
ern States that he expected them to dcclare,
in their constitutions, that their ordinances of
secession were null and void: and in his mes-
sage he speaks of an invitation to them to
renew their functions as States of the Union;
and that covers the whole ground that I at-
tempted to speak upon in connection with this
point. Possibly, if I am allowed to proceed
with oat interruption, I shall, in due lime, reach
some other point of this discussion.
ill*. BIN&HAM. I have no desire to do
anything else tfian to elicit the truth in refer-
ence to this matter. I only wish to know the
gentleman's position—to ascertain whether it
is or is not that South Carolina and_ other
seceding States now sustain such relations to
this Union that they have the right to-day,
under the Constitution, to have representation
