1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
H87
Mr. GRIMES. Ifc is not the Secretary of
the Interior, but the superintendent of Indian
affairs who makes the recommendation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say the Secretary of
the Interior and the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs make the recommendation, based upon
the facts stated in this report of the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs:
"The accompanying map or plat of a portion of the
reserve, together with the adjacent lands on the
north, will serve to facilitate a correct understanding
of what follows.
"The best farming lands on this reserveare in the
valley of Omaha crock. About three hundred acres
of these lands were broken some three months since
by late Agent Balcombe, and a crop may be raised
upon them the coming: season if the treaty be ratified
in time and the necessary appropriations be made to
carry it into effect.
44 We propose that, as a matter of interest to the
Winnebagoes and lor the benefit of the Government,
the lands inclosed within red lines upon the map be
purchased for the tribe and added to the reservation
recently purchased by them from the Omahas. The
reasons in favor of said purchase are briefly as fol-
lows:
441. They adjoin the three hundred acres of bottom
land already broken, and all lie in the valley of
Omaha creek, which is very rich and productive.
442. There arc four hundred acres of broken land
upon these improved farms, upon which a crop may
be raised the coming summer, thus giving seven hun-
dred acres of choice land ma body, which, if piop-
erly cultivated, with an average yield, will supply
all the breadstuff's and vegetables which the tribe
will require.
443. The cost of tho^e lands (about eight hundred
acres) will he about $15,500. There are five houses upon
them, worth nearly or quite one-half the amount;
and, in our judgment, the crop of the first year will
be worth to the Indians all that these lands will cost.
Besides, there is a good mill site upon one of the
farms—the only mill privilege within fifteen miles of
the reserve—which affords ample fall for a good water-
mill, with plenty of water to propel from one to two
run of stones in the driest season.
"4. With this purchase all the plow-land neces-
sary for the uses of the tribe will be in a single body,
and in the best possible locality. Those who desire
farms in severalty can be accommodated along the
valleys of the small tributaiies of Omaha creek, in
the immediate vicinity.
44 5. The purchase of these lands will extend the
north line of the reserve to a point from which the
Indians can have cxccss over lands belonging to the
Government, to a lake indicated on the map, which
abounds in fish, and which will furnish an abundant
supply for the tribe for many yeais to come. These
Government lands, together with this lake, we think
should be donated to the uses of the tribe. There are
other Government lands on the north of the reserva-
tion, between the north line and the Missouri river,
whii^h are of little value. These should also be given
to the Indians, in our judgment, so as to prevent their
occupancy by a class of settlers who may hereafter
locate upon them for the purpose of conducting an
improper or illegal traffic with the tribe. The Win-
nebagoes were abundantly supplied with fish and
game at their former homesin Minnesota; and if this
lake be given to them they will, in this respect at least,
be as comfortably situated as before their removal,
In full council the chiefs and headmen ^ of the tribe
repeatedly requested us to ask that this lake, with
the adjacent Government lands, be given to them by
the Great Father.
"6. Omaha creek has high and almostpcrpendicu-
lar banks. It will therefore serve as a secure fence
against stock at all seasons along the entire westhne
of the cultivated lands. If the proposed, purchase be
made, one and a half mile of fencing will be saved,
leaving only about five miles of fencing necessary to
inclose some two thousand acres of excellent plow-
land; a sulliciem quantity for all the requirements
of the tribe.
44 SAW MILL—COTTONWOOD TIMBER.
"On a tract of land adjoining the northeast corner
of the reservation there are about seven hundred
acres of heavy cottonwood timber. There is a good
saw-mill, nearly new, now in operation on this tract.
The timber and mill arc owned by citizens of Ne-
braska. It is believed they can be purchased at a
fair rate. If so, in order to a\oid the delay conse-
quent upon the building of a mill in the coming spring,
and to insure a supply of lumber in time to inclose
the plow-land for a cropthecoming season, wewould
earnestly recommend thattheybo purchased. If not,
then the building of a mill at the earliest practicable
period is the only alternative. This is the only soft-
wood timber within several miles of the reserve.
Much of it will be needed for the fencing of the land,
weather-boardmg, and inside finish of the various
buildings provided for in the treaty. In our judgment
it will cost the Winnebagoes far less to purchase what
timber they will require to fit up their reservation at
a single puichase than to buy it as their necessities
may require, especially as the timber is nearly all
owned by two or three individuals who will be much
more likely to combine for high rates than to estab-
lish low rates by active competition."
Mr. President, in relation to the purchase
of these lauds, the committee have carefully
guarded the section so that if there be any in-
tegrity to be found in any of the officers of this
Government, I know of no reason why we can-
not as well trust them to purchase these lands
for the benefit of this Indian tribe as we can
trust them to purchase quartermaster's stores
or commissary stores for the Army or any other
service in the Government. Upon that subject
this proviso is attached:
Provided, That before any portion of the amount
appropriated by this section shall be drawn from the
Treasury an appraisement of such portions of said
sections as have been sold or otherwise legally dis-
posed of by the United States and of the improve-
ments thereon, shall be made by three discreet and
disinterested men, to be appointed by the Secretary
of the Interior for that purpose, who, before making
such appraisement, shall severally take an oath that
they will diligently inquire into and ascertain the
actual cash value of said lands and improvements,
and wil) faithfully, fairly, and without partiality,
make and return an appraisement of the same to the
Secretary of the Interior, which appraisement shall
be submitted to and examined by the superintendent
of Indian affairs for the northern superinte.ndenny for
the time being, and the agent for the Winnebago
Indians, who shall each make oath that they have
carefully examined sueh appraisement, and that they
believe the same to be a fair, just, and impartial cash
valuation and appraisement, and shall also be ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Interior; And pro-
vided further. That no portion of the sum so ap-
propriated shall bo expended in the purchase of any
portion of said lands at any price exceeding tho
valuation of the same as shown by said appraise-
ment.
Here is a sum, it is true, of $G(),000 that is put
under the control of the Secretary of the In-
terior for him to use in the purchase of these
lands, or so much of them as may be necessary,
in order to complete this reservation, so that
these Indians can have access to tho river and
access to this lake, so that they can be there
■without any white settlers whatever in their
way, that they can have the reservation and
have it to themselves. It is but just to them
that they should have it. The simple question
is, whether you can throw any additional guard
around this provision as to the mode of the
expenditure of tho money. The Secretary of
tho Interior is himself to appoint three dis-
interested persons to make the appraisement.
Then the agent and the superintendent both
must take their oath that it is a fair appraise-
ment, and the whole thing after all goes back
to the Secretary of the Interior for his approval.
If you can guard any expenditure of money
from the Treasury with any better 01- safer pro-
visions I am perfectly willing to add any safe-
guard ; but you cannot ask more than that
unless you distrust every officer in the Govern-
ment, and because he is about to expend a
dollar of money for the benefit of Indians we
are to presume that there is something wrong
about, it. \Ve can very liberally and generously,
and without an inquiry, trust millions and hun-
dreds of millions to the expenditure of the
agents of the War Department in purchasing
quartermaster's supplies and commissary sup-
plies without one half the guards that are put
upon this.
Mr. GRIMES. There is no doubt in the
world—I have 110 controversy with the Senator
on that subject—that he has thrown sufficient
guards around the expenditure of this money,
provided wo see fit to appropiiale it; but my
controversy with him is 011 ihe question whether
we ought to appropriate it; whether we ought
to buy farms already improved for the purpose
of transferring them to the custody of Indians
whom we know never will cultivate tliem:
whether we shall break up settlements in a
rising and prosperous territory for the purpose
of turning them over to Indians. If you do
it, in the course of three or four years you
will want to purchase them out and send them
still further West. Is that justice to tho Terri-
tory of \Tebraska ? Judge by what your experi-
ence has already been with some of these In-
dians ; and such has been your experience with
every tribe. They have been dri i'ting from one
State to another. The Winnebagoes were
bought out and sent only a few years ago to
Wisconsin ; they were then bought out at enor-
mous expense and sent to Iowa. Then they
were bought out at still greater expense and
sent into Minnesota. Then they were bought
out only a few years afterward and sent to
Dakota where you have given them several
million acres of land, vastly more than they can
ever use. Now, you propose in addition to
that, at this particular time, to put your hand
into the Treasury for the purpose of drawing
out $60,000 more with which to buy improved
farms occupied by white settlers in Nebraska
in order to transfer them over to the barbarism-
that these Indians will plant upon that soil-
where now civilization reigns. I am opposed
to it, and in the name oftheDeople of Nebraska
I protest against it.
Mr. POMEROY. The course of the Gov-
ernment to this tribe of Indians has been a very
sore question to all who have had any knowl-
edge of it. Under a great clamor, and for some
good reason, the people of Minnesota insisted
on having them removed. I had occasion to
see some of them; I have seen them once or
twice since, and it is the sorest subject of any-
thing that has been transacted in the Indian
department. They were taken out on the edge
of Dakota, near the Missouri river, to a place
where nobody can live. They had a right to
complain. They did complain. Many died, and
the rest would have died if they had remained
there. They are now on the Omaha reserva-
tion, where they have been placed as an act of
mercy to save them, and if our bowels of com-
passion are not shut up and closed forever we
ought to begin to do something for this tribe un-
der these circumstances. I suppose the reason
it is proposed to buy out a few settlers there is
that if they are left there they will be selling
whisky to the Indians and complete the degrada-
tion that has already begun. The object, as I
understand, in buying out these few settlers is
to have it clear and entire for this tribe. I do
not believe we ought to resist the passage of
this bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered ; and being taken
resulted—yeas 30, nays 8; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Cowan, Creswell, Davis, Ilixon, Doolittle, Fos-
ter, Guthrie, Hendricks, Howe, Johnson, Lnno of
Indiana, Lane ot Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Pomo-
roy, Riddle, Spraguc, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wilson, and
Yates—30. „
KAYS—Messrs. Brown, Fessenden, Grimes, Ki: K-
wood, Poland, Ramsey. Sherman, and Williams—8.
ABSENT—Messrs, Buckalew, Cragin, loot, Har-
ris, Henderson, Howard, MeDougall.Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Nye, Saulsbury, and Wright—12.
So the bill was passed.
MISSOURI MILITIA EXPENSES.
Mr. BROWN. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 31.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 31) to reimburse the
State of Missouri for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pro-
visioning militia forces to aid in suppressing
the rebellion.
It directs the President to appoint a commis-
sioner to ascertain the amount of moneys ex-
pended by the State of Missouri in enrolling,
equipping, subsisting, and paying such State
forces as have been called into service in that;
State since the 21th of August, 1861, to act in
concert with the United States forces in the sup-
pression of rebellion against the United States.
The commissioner is to proceed at once to ex-
amine all the items of expenditure made by the
State for tho purposes named, allowing only for
disbursements made and amounts assumed by
the State for enrolling, equipping, subsisting,
and paying such troops as were called into ser-
vice by the Governor, at the request of the Uni-
ted States department commander commanding
the district in which Missouri may at the time
have been included, or by the express order, con-
sent. or concurrence of such commander, or
which may have been employed in suppressing
rebellion in the State. No allowance is to be
made for any troops which did not perioral act-
ual military service in full concert and coopera-
tion with the authoritiesofthe United States and
subject to their orders.
In making up the account, tor the conven-
ience of the accounting officers of the Govern-
ment, the commissioner is to state separately
the amounts expended respectively for enroll-
ing, equipping, arming, subsisting, and pfying
