4068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
would have the largest addition made to them,
when probably they ought to have the least.
On the whole, as this is a temporary provision,
and it would introduce uncertainty] the com-
mittee think it better to strike it out. At the
next session, in framingthe tariff bill, of course
the rates of duties can be adjusted to meet this
difficulty.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Unless there be some
better reason than that which has been given
in regard to coarse wool vhy this should be
stricken out, I prefer that it should be retained.
Mr. SHERMAN. The trouble is that it
operates on every class of goods, and it intro-
duces elements of uncertainty into every in-
voice in the custom-house, because, in addition
to the present mode of ascertaining the value,
they will have to enter into a computation of all
these different things, and the importing mer-
chant must be prepared with information which
the law did not require him to furnish hereto-
fore. To require it now suddenly, merely for a
few months, would seem to be a great hardship.
It was proposed, indeed, if this ninth* section
should be contined, to make an exception of
wool and the Senator will see that we should
be involved in a difficulty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope this section will
not be stricken out. The objection of the Sen-
ator from Ohio that it suddenly changes the
rule so that importers cannot be advised of it,
would apply to every change of the law. It is
no more sudden than any other change, and it
certainly provides, what I have always regarded
as the proper doctrine of tariffs where you pro-
ceed upon valuation, that you proceed upon
the home valuation. These costs and charges
of transportation are elements which enter into
the value of the property when it reaches the
point where revenue is to be derived from it,
when it reaches the point where it comes in
competition with home produetibns. There-
fore, in my judgment, whatever is a component
element of the value of the property when it
reaches the place of consumption ought to be,
as it is in truth and in fact, a legal part of that
value for the imposition of duties.
Now, it is well known to those engaged in the
manufacture and in the production and sale of
wooljforillustration, thatSou th American wools
arc imported into the markets of the United
States, and always have been, based upon the for-
eign cost, and by frauds and intermixtures of for-
eign substances, the value per pound is reduced
below the amount fixed in the law for the higher
duty, whereas if you added the cost and charges
and transportation the real value and expense
of the product would be nearly or quite doubled
when it reaches this market.. Then it comes in
under the low duty, and the moment it is in the
foreign substances are separated and yon have
a high grade of wool, or a common grade of
wool which comes in competition with your
own productions and defrauds the revenue at
the same time.
Therefore, it does certainly seem to me that
it is certainly better to subject the importer to
these little inconveniences—and they surely
are such—than it is to defraud the revenue and
to injure that class of our citizens who are en-
gaged in the production of this article and
many other articles which in a similar way
enter into competition with those of foreign
production. I only speak of wool as one illus-
tration, which is somewhat more familiar to me
from being called- to consider it, than many
others which could be suggested by other gen-
tlemen. I hope the Senate will keep the sec-
tion in the bill.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I think it is highly properto
strike out this ninth scction. Our tariff laws now
prescribe that we shall take the foreign value
in the markets of the country from which the
goods are imported. All valuable goods come
in packages that are not very costly. When you
take the amount of the value of them, all cheap,
heavy goods would be increased very much by
the cost of the package, and thus we should in-
crease the tariff upon cheap articles very greatly,
while we increased it scarcely any at ali upon the
valuable goods.- Now, we have provided, and
our experts have the means of ascertaining, the
comparative value of every description of goods
in the principal ports of the country from which
they are brought, but there is no means of
ascertaining the foreign cost of the packages
in which they are wrapped. If this section be
retained you will place everything in uncer-
tainty until the means can be devised of ascer-
taining that foreign valuation. We know as a
matter of fact that with the cheaper goods, the
heavier goods, the packages have to be better
and would be more costly, and thus we should
greatly enhance the tariff on those articles. I
think before a measure of this kind is adopted
wo should have an experiment as to the weight
of these packages, so as to see how it would
operate upon the tariff, and how it would
increase upon some articles and not increase
materially the costly articles. The striking out
of this section has the full sanction of my judg-
ment, from my knowledge upon the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On this question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 11 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Clark, Davis,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson,Mor-
gan, Morrill, Nesmith, Nyo, Riddle, Sherman, Stew-
art, Sumner, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—26.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness,
Cowaxi, Creswell, Edmunds, Kirkwood, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Sprague, and Wade—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cr&gin, Dixon, Lane, McDou-
gall, Norton, Poland, Saulsbury, Trumbull, Wil-
liams, Wright, and Yates—11.
So the. amendment was agreed to.
Sections ten, eleven, and twelve were read,
as follows:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That the second
proviso in section twenty-one of an act entitled "An
act increasing temporarily the duties on imports, and
for other purposes," approved July IS, 1862, which
provides thntany goods remaining in public store or
bonded warehouse beyond three years shall be re-
garded as abandoned to the Government, and sold
under such regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may proscribe, and the proceeds paid into the
Treasury, be, and the same is hereby, amended so as
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury, in case
of any sale under the said provision, to pay to the
owner, consignee, or agent of such goods, the pro-
ceeds thereof, after deducting duties, charges, and
expenses, in conformity with tho provision of the
first section of tho warehouse act of August 6,1816.
Sec. 11. And he it further enacted, That during tho
period of one year from the passage of this act there
may be imported into theUnited States,free of duty,
any machinery designed solely for and adapted to
the manufacture of sugar from beets, including all
the preliuimaiy processes requisite therefor, but not
including any machinery which may be used for any
other manufactures.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted. That upon the
reimportation of articl es once exported of the growth,
product, or manufacture of the United States, upon
which no internal tax has been assessed or paid, or
upon which such tax has been paid and refunded by
allowance or drawback, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid a duty equal to the tax imposed by
the internal revenue laws upon such articles.
Mr. SHERMAN. As section thirteen is a
very long section, and the Committee pn Fi-
nance move to strike it all out, I presume it is
hardly worth while to read it unless some Sen-
ator desires it. I will state that the effect of
it is to establish in the Treasury Department
a Bureau of Statistics with a pretty large force,
and with the direction that certain reports now
made to Congress be made to this bureau with
a view to the collection of statistics. The Com-
mittee on Finance are in favor of the object
of this section; but they think it ought not to
be adopted in this form at this period of the
session. The statistics proposed to be gath-
thered together are chiefly of a commercial
character, aud when the Bureau of Statistics
is organized, it ought to embrace agricultural
and manufacturing statistics as well as com-
mercial. On the whole, therefore, we thought
it better to postpone action on the subject until
the next session of Congress. We have there-
fore reported in favor of striking it out.
The PRESIDENT jyro tempore. It is moved
that the thirteenth section of the bill be stricken
out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
insert at the end of the bill the following addi-
tional scction :
Sec. 11. Anil be il further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of tho Treasury be authorized and directed to
suspend the collection of the direct tax imposed by
an aet of Congress passed August 5, 1881, entitled
"An aet to provide increased revenue from imports,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," until J anuary 1,1868.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "col-
lection" in the third line, the words "in the
States heretofore declared in insurrection."
Mr. CONNESS. I understand the effect
of this amendment to be to exempt all the
States lately in rebellion from the collection
of the direct tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is merely to sus-
pend it.
Mr. CONNESS. To suspend it. I used
the word "exempt" in place of "suspend."
Mr. SHERMAN. It postpones until the 1st
of January, 1868, the collection of this tax, and
I will state the reason. All of these States that
have had even a temporary organization are
prepared to assume the payment of the direct
tax. They have submitted proposals to Con-
gress and to the Treasury Department to pay
the tax, some on a credit of three years, some
more. On account of the peculiar condition
of those States it is impossible to receive their
bonds at present. Whether the governments
that have been organized there were in a con-
dition to issue bonds and many other political
questions were connected with it; but they were
all prepared to assume their portion of the tax
in the same manner as the loyal States did, with
or without interest as might be required by law.
Under these circumstances, when they were
ready to assume the payment of this tax to re-
quire it to be collected by direct tax commis-
sioners, to go to every tax-payer and collect it
at an enormous expense seemed to he unjust.
I believe the Committee on Finance were unan-
imously of the opinion that the best way to dis-
pose of the question at present was to postpone
the collection of this tax until a time when we
could treat with the State governments and
arrange with them for the amount of this tax.
It is not proposed by this amendment to relieve
them from any portion of the tax, either prin-
cipal or interest. Theonly question waswhether,
while they were offering as States to settle with
us, to give us their bonds, or even if necessary
to raise the money, we should, refusing that offer
on account of their peculiar condition, go on
and collect from individuals in those States this
tax. We were of the opinion that it would be
neither wise, politic, nor just to do so. The
only effect of this amendment is to postpone
the_ collection of this tax until these States will
be in such a condition that we can settle with
them upon principles of equity and justice. •
Mr. VAN WINKLE. This section is taken
from the tariff bill that passed the House; and
it will be remembered by Senators that in one
of the bills reported by the joint committee of
fifteen on reconstruction, to accompany the
constitutional amendment, a provision was
inserted providing for giving to these States
some ten years, I believe, within which to pay
this tax in installments. It is working a great
deal of distress at present, and is operating
upon Union men as well as upon rebels. I
have a very vivid conception of the injury that
it is doing in this way, from its having been
attempted to be collected in a portion of my
own State by the commissioners of Virginia.
Their proceedings were declared illegal there,
but from the numbers of letters addressed to
myself and jny colleague, I know it is produ-
citig great distress there, and probably is doing
the same throughout the southern States. The
amendment I have introduced is on a sugges-
tion of the Treasury Department to confine it
to those States, because there are three States,
my own included, in which this direct tax has
not been settled, and they are able to pay and
willing to pay, and they arc already within the
provisions of another law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from West Virginia
whether this act of 1861, the direct-tax act, is
not a continuing act, making it the duty of the
executive officers of the G-overnment to impose
