Vf&k
THE £JONGRESSIONAL OLOBB.
December 21,
upon this floor according to the apportionment
of 1862.
Mr. RAYMOND. Without any guarantees
or.conditions at all?
Mr. BINGHAM. I contend that all guar-
antees are worthless, unless embodied in the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. RAYMOND. I suppose that when we
.get at the plain English of the matter, the
gentleman means to ask me whether I am will-
ing to vote for admitting Representatives from
South Carolina unless the annulment of the
ordinance of secession is incorporated into the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir; I do not ask the
gentleman that question.
Mr. RAYMOND. Then I must say that I
do not- see any practical point in the gentle-
man's inquiry, and with his permission I will
go on with my argument.
Mr. BINGHAM. The only practical point
of my inquiry is this: does the gentleman in-
sistthat South Carolina has now the right, under
the Constitution, to representation in Congress
as a State of the Union because her relations
-to the Government are, under the Constitution,
those of a constitutional State in" the Union?
Is that the gentleman's position, oris it not?
Mr. RAYMOND. I have already said, sir,
and said it as clearly and emphatically as I can,
- that we have a right to demand, and that we
are in duty bound to demand, certain conces-
sions from all the States lately in rebellion, as
parts of their surrender, and as conditions of
their resuming their functions in the Govern-
ment of the nation. As to their representation
in Congress, I should, before determining that
question, wish to know something more of the
character and position of the men they may
send, and of what they have done.
Mr. BINGHAM. So do I; and I think that
Congress ought to decide the question.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have not assumed to
decide that point. I have not said anything
about what the southern States have done. I
have simply said what we have a right to re-
quire them to do ; and the renunciation of the-
doctrine of State sovereignty is one thing that
we have a right to require at their hands. We
have a right also to require them to do another
thing—to repudiate their obligation for debts
incurred in carrying on the war against the
Government. This, I am sure, the gentleman
does not dispute or doubt. Whether'they have
done this or not, is another matter, which may
come up at another time. We have the right
to require this repudiation of their debt, be-
cause the money represented by that debt was
one of the weapons with which they carried on
the war against the Government of the United
States.
Mr. BINGHAM. If they should repudiate
that debt by State legislation, or by an amend-
ment of the State constitution—I do not care
in what form they may do it—does not the gen-
* tleman admit that the very next year they might
assume to pay that debt?
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly, they might.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then, if under the pres-
ent condition of things they were allowed to re-
sume full relations to the Union, they might
the very next year assume the payment of that
debt.
Mr. RAYMOND. Possibly they might.
Mr. BINGHAM. Very well; I want the
American people to understand this issue, and
to have the opportunity to say, by amendment
of the United States Constitution, whether that
power shall not be expressly denied to every
State of the Union.
Mr. RAYMOND. I do not think the Ameri-
can people are at all liable to forget the fact.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, they might happen
to be misled by the remark of the gentleman,
that we should require those "States simply to
repudiate that debt.
. _ Mr. RAYMOND. I do not think they pos-
sibly could be, because that does not imply
anything about the power of those States here-
after. 1 am simply speaking of what we have
the right to require them to do.
There is another thing which we have the
right to require; and that is the prohibition of
slavery. We have the right to require them to
do this, not only in their State constitutions,
but in the Constitution of the United States.
And we have required it, and it has been con-
ceded. They have also conceded that Congress
may make such laws as may be requisite to
carry that prohibition into effect, which in-
cludes such legislation as may be required to
secure for them protection of their civil and
personal rights—their "right to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness.'' This I am sure
the gentleman will concede to be a substantial
guarantee—one placed beyond the power of
any State to recall or repeal.
These things the President of the United
States has deemed it his right, as Commander-
in-Chief of the armies of the United States, to
demand at the hands of the States which have
been defeated in their attempt to separate them-
selves from the Union, as the condition of re-
laxing the bonds of military authority over them
and restoring to them again the control of their
local State atfairs. He made these the condi-
tions upon which they would be allowed, so far
as his rightful authority extended, to resume
the practical exercise of their functions as mem-
bers of the Union, which had been suspended
by their rebellion. He has done this in the
exercise of bis lawful authority as Commander-
in-Chief of the Army of the United States, and
was therefore responsible for the complete sup-
pression of the rebellion and the restoration of
peace, order, and loyalty in the regions where
they have been for a time disturbed and over-
thrown. He has done it through agents, ex-
ercising a delegated and just authority—acting
on his behalf and in his name—just as his mil-
itary generals prescribed the terms and condi-
tions of the rebel surrender in the field; and the
fact that these concessions have been granted,
affords at least a fair presumption that those
who make them intend hereafter in good faith
to abide by all the obligations and fulfill all the
duties imposed by the Constitution and laws of
the United States. It may possibly be wise for
us to dismiss all these concessions and all these
guarantees given by eight million people, and
sanctioned by the most solemn forms of legis-
lation, as utterly worthless and insincere. But
that is a matter upon which each individual
must exercise his own discretion upon his own
responsibility.
Mr. SPALDIN G. The gentleman from New
York has stated that it is right and reasonable
the demand should be made of the late rebel
States that they should assent to an amendment
to the Constitution prohibiting slavery in the
Union, and also that it is right and reasonable
we should require that they should repudiate
all debts contracted in support of the rebellion.
Now, I ask the gentleman whether there is any
limit to the right to make these requisitions ex-
cept thegood judgment of Congress?
Mr. RAYMOND. I think there is.
Mr. SPALDIN G. I ask what limit, so that
we may understand, and where does it belong?
Who has the power to affix that limit?
Mr. RAYMOND. My impression is that
these requisitions are made as apart of the terms
of surrender which we have a right to demand
at the hands of the defeated insurgents, and that
it belongs, therefore, to the President as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States to make them, and to fix the limit
as to what they shall embrace.
Mr. BINGHAM. In regard to that consti-
tutional amendment: without Congress moving
first in the matter, and without their action, he
would never have had the power at. all to de-
mand its ratification by any rebel State.
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly, there are many
things which could not be done by the Presi-
dent without the action of Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. Congress is now making
further provision that an amendment shall be
made to the Constitution that no State shall
pay any part of the rebel debt.
Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman is aware
that it was not Congress but the President who
required the rebel States to ratify the constitu-
tional amendment as a condition of the resump-
tion of their functions.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. This is an important question, and I
beg leave to say that he would be a bold man.
who would dare to say that after the loyal States
had maintained the supremacy of their Consti-
tution, and more than three fourths of all tha
loyal States had so amended their Constitution,
that their action was void without the consent
of the rebel States, and that after their rebel-
lion had been subdued by arms, the States in
rebellion might not only repudiate the amend-
ment, but of right might come into Congress to
resist the enforcement of its humane provisions
by just and needful laws. It was not within the
power of the President or any other man on this
earth rightfully to assert any such authority or
power in the rebel States over the action of the
loyal people of twenty-two out of the twenty-
five loyal States. The President never said
so and never meant to say so.
Mr. RAYMOND. Well, Mr. Chairman, as
the gentleman concedes that the President has
not said it 
Mr. BIN GHAM. No, and he could not say it.
Mr. RAYMOND. I do not know that he
ever proposed or wished to say it.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, but then there was
nothing in the gentleman's remark.
Mr. RAYMOND. T understand that the
Government, through the channel designated
by law, the Secretary of State, when it was
found that three fourths of the States had rati-
fied the amendment, issued a proclamation to
that effect, naming the States which had rati-
fied it. There was nothing irregular, certainly,
about that.
Mr. BIN GHAM. The gentleman will note
that the President made the requisition long
before three fourths of the States had ratified
the amendment-
Mr. RAYMOND. The President did it;
Congress did not.
Mr. BIN GHAM. What I meant to say was
this: Congress imposed that obligation upon
him backed by the power of the people, and
they have a right again to impose like obliga-
tions upon him, and have a right to assume
that he will cheerfully and faithfully obey their
requirements.
Mr. RAYMOND. I am sorry the gentleman
seems determined to get up an issue concern-
ing the action, past, or future, of the President
upon this subject. I am not aware that I have
given him any provocation for so doing.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will ex-
cuse me. I am sorry to see the gentleman as-
sume that he alone represents the President. I
make no issue with the President.
Mr. RAYMOND. I certainly have assumed
nothing of the kind; and I am very much sur-
prised to hear the gentleman ascribe to me any-
thing of the sort. I said nothing about the ac-
tion of the President except to state the facts.
I raised no question as to his rights, or as to
the power of Congress to impose any action
upon him. I do not know that I gave the gen-
tleman from Ohio the slightest occasion to assert
here, with so much warmth as he has shown,
the paramount power of Congress over the
President. I raised no question and made no
remark on the subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman made the
.remark here that I was trying to get np an is-
sue with the President. When he said that, I
replied, as T might very properly do, that I was
surprised that the gentleman should assume to
speak for the President.
Mr. RAYMOND. I did not assume, in any
way whatever, anything of the kind.
Mr. BINGHAM. And I respectfully deny
the gentleman's assertion that 1 seek to make
an issue with the President.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. CONKLTNG. Inasmuch as my col-
league has been very much interrupted, I ask
that by unanimous consent his time be ex-
tended". [Cries of "Agreed !"]
No objection was made.
