1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
PENSION AND PROVOST MARSHAL'S BUREAUS.
Mr. BANKS introduced an act to provide
for the consolidation of the Pension and Pro-
vost Marshal's Bureaus; which was read a first
and second time, "knd referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
COLORED MINISTRY.
Mr. BALDWIN introduced an act to incor-
porate the national association to educate col-
ored men for the Christian ministry; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. MILLER. I ask leave to introduce a
further supplement to an act entitled ' 'An act to
provide a national currency secured by pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof."
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask that the prop-
osition be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
A further supplement to an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by pledse of
United States bonds, and to provide for the circu-
lation and redemption thereof."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That where Government bond;3 have been
and may hereafter be transferred and delivered to
the Treasurer of the United States in accordance with
the law now in force, the association making the same
shall be entitled to receive from the Comptroller of
the Currency, circulating notes of different denomi-
nations in blank, registered and countersigned as by
law now provided.
The amount of such circulating notes to be fur-
nished to each association shall be in proportion to
its paid up capital, as follows:
To each association whose capital does not exceed
two hundred thousand dollars, the amount of the
par value of the bonds so, transferred and delivered
to said Treasurer, if bearing an interest of not less
than five percent, per annum; to each association
whose capital exceeds five hundred thousand dollars,
fout not over one million dollars, ninety per cent, of
such capital; to each association whose capital ex-
ceeds onemillion dollars, but not over three million
dollars, eighty-five per cent, of such capital, and. to
each association whose capital exceeds three million
dollars, seventy per cent, of such capital.
Sec. 2. That so much of laws heretofore passed as
are inconsistent with thepreceding section bo and the
same is hereby repealed.
Mr. PRICE. I object to the introduction of
that bill, as it contains a provision which ought
not to be adopted by this House.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 17, nays 114, not voting
62 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Donnelly, Parnsworth, Garfield,
Grinnell, IXotchkiss.Demas Hubbard, John II. Hub-
bard, Mclvee, McRuer, Miller, Phelps, Spalding, Van
Aernam, Warner, Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—17.
HATS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Bolflwin, Banks, Baxter,
Beaman. Benjamin, Bergen, Bidwcll, B arne. Bout-
well, Brooks, Broomall, Buckland, Bundy, Chanler,
i . i i i ^ /-1 . 1 _ 1 ?   /l n n 1* /1,« II I
NAVIGATION AND TRANSPORTATION COMPANY.
Mr. McCULLOUGH introduced a bill to in-
corporate the Potomac Navigation and Trans-
portation Company of tlie Districtof Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
INCREASE OF DUTIES.
Mr. BUNDY introduced the following pre-
amble and joint resolution; which were read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means:
Whereas questions connectcd with the so-called
reconstruction of the Government have hitherto en-
grossed so much of the time and attention of the pres-
ent Congress as to exclude frorn its doliberatipnsmat-
ters more particularly pertaining to the financial
interests of the country; and whereas the unprece-
dented importations of foreign manufactures into the
United States within the last two months cause seri-
ous embarrassments totheproduetiveinterestsofthe
country, threatening the ultimate destruction of im-
portant branches thereof, the rapid accumulation of
an overwhelming foreign debt, involving a large ex-
portation of coin and bonds to pay the same, and a
large diminution in the receipts of internal revenue
levied upon and paid by the aforesaid industrial in-
terests of the country; and whereas the laigesums of
money necessary to pay the current expenses ot the
Government, including the payment of the annual
accruing interest on the public debt, are heavy bur-
dens and taxes on the labor and capital of the people,
demnndingthe adoption by Congress of all judicious
measures which will, so far as practicable, relieve the
people from burdens, and at the feame time stnnulate
and foster all departments of industry and production:
Th ereforc
Be it resolved by the Senate and ITouse of Representa-
tives, d-c., That until the end of one hundred and fifty
days'from the passage of this resolution, or until Con-
gress shall so amend or modify the present tariff of du-
ties as that the interests of the whole people shall be
more fully and perfectly protected by appropriate
legislation, fiftv per cent, of therates ofduties and im-
posts now imposed by law on all goods, wares, mer-
chandise, and articlesimportedmtothe United fetatcs,
Grider. Griswold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner C Har
ding, Hayes, Henderson, Iligby, Hill, Hogan. Ilolmes,
Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard, James R. Ilubbell, Ilul-
burd, James Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian,
Kclley, Kelso, Keteham. Kuykendall. Latham.Gcorge
V Lawrence, William Lawrence, Marshall, Marvin,
McClurff McCullough, Morrill, Moulton, Myers,
Newell, JSTiblack, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike,
Price, Radford, Alexander II. Bice, John H. Rice,
Ritter, Roarers. Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, bawycr,
burnc, Henry D. "Washburn, William 33%Washburn,
Wentworth,Williams, JamesP. Wilson, infield, and
Woodhridge—114. , .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona. Delos R. Ashley,
Barker, Bingham. Blow, Boyer, Biandegee. Rrom-
well, Reader W. Clarke, Coffroth Culver, Darling
Dawes, Dawson, Dixon, Dumont, Egglcston, Gloss-
brenner,Harris, liart, Asahel W.Hubbard, Mwm N.
Hubbeil, James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kas-
Bon, Kerr, Laflin, Le Blond, Loan, Longvear, Lynch,
Marston, Mcindoe, Mercur, Moorhead, Morris, ^ leh-
olson, Noel!, Patterson, Plants, Poxneroy, Samuel J.
Randall, William H. Randall, Rayrnomi, Smith,
Starr, Strouse, John L. Thomas, Ward, Wolkei, and
Wright—52.
So leave was not granted for the intioduction
of the bill.
printing paper   ,
exclusively, shall ho exempt from the operation ot
this resolution.
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay that resolution on
the table.
The SPEAKER. It must be referred under
the rule.
EDWARD P. Si'KINNEY.
Mr. HOTCHKISS introduced a bill for the
relief of Edward P. McKinney, late captain and
assistant commissary of subsistence; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
RECENT ISSUE OF FIVE-CENT CURRENCY.
Mr. SPALDING introduced the following
joint resolution; which was referred to the
Committee on Banking and Currency:
i "Resolved hy the Senate and llouie of Representatives,
d-c., That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, required to call in and suppress, without un-
necessary delay, the recent issue of five-cent notes,
on which the head of a private individual appears m
place of that of George Washington, as represented
on previous issues of that denomination.
And be it further resolved, That henceforward no
head or face or person shall be placed on any portion
ot the bonds or currency of the United States without
express designation by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HOOPER.. I ask that that joint resolu-
tion be acted upon now.
The SPEAKER. That eannotbe done under
the rule.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, introduced the fol-
lowing concurrent resolutions:
Resolved, by the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring.) That the Constitution of the United
States confers on Congress ample power for the pro-
tection ot the emancipated slaves and freedmen m
the States recently m rebellion.
llrtoh-ed, That m behalf of the loyal American peo-
ple, the Congress oftheUnited States pledge lull and
complete protection to all loyal men. it respective of
race or color, residing in the States rceentlym rebel-
lion, and especially to the soldiers and sailors who
served in the Union Army and Navy, and to this end
the Congress will demand such guarantees as to them
shall seem sufficient, before recognizing amy ot the
new State governments which now are or which here-
after may be organized, either under the order and
direction ofthel'residentorby anindependentmove-
ment of the loyal people in any such State. ,
Resolved, That the Union party of the nation, rep-
resented in Congiess, earnestly desire that all States
recently in rebellion shall, at the earliest moment
consistent with the safety of the national Union, be
restored to all the privileges, rights, and dignities ol
the States of the American tJniron which h&vfc- not
been in rebellion, and that so soon as cons&tattaal
State governments are organized tfrer&n; yrhich shall
secure, by constitutional nrovisons, the rights of qll
loyal men, without regard to race or color, and when
the people of such States shall have elected men of
undoubted loyalty as Senators and Jtepresentaticss,
the Congress of the TJnitedStatea will recognize such
government as the constitutional government of such
State.
Resolved, That in addition to the foregoing, Con-
gress will also demand, as a condition to the com-
plete restoration of any reorganized State, the entire
exemption of every citizen from liability to taxation
for payment of the rebel debt, or reimbursement
either of expenditure incurred by State or local au-
thorities, in aid of the rebellion, or forlCsS incurred
by the emancipation of slaves.
Before the conclusion of the reading of the
above the morning hour expired.
Mr. BOSS. Does not that go to the com-
mittee on reconstruction?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired that question cannot be raised now.
TENNESSEE.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The joint committee on reconstruction
have instructed me to report a joint resolution
concerning the State of Tennessee, together
with a memorial and other papers, and the tes-
timony taken by the committee in relation to
the State of Tennessee. I ask that the memo-
rial and other papers, with the testimony, be
printed, and that the joint resolution receive its
first and second readings and be recommitted
to the committee, and 1 give notice that at an
early clay nest week I shall report the joint
resolution back by the instruction of the com-
mittee.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time by its title.
It was then read at length, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of fieprescntatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That whereas tho pooplo of Tennessee have made
known to the Congress of thoUnitcdStates their desire
that the constitutional relations heretofore existing
between them and tho United States may be fully
established, and did, on the 22d day of February, 1865,
by a large popular vote, adopt and ratify a constitu-
tion of government, republican in form, and not in-
consistent with tho Constitution andlaws oftheUnited
States, and a State government has been organized
under the provisions thereof, which said provisions
and the law* passed in pursuance thereof, proclaim
and denote loyalty to the Union; and whereas the
people of Tennessee are found, to be in a condition to
exercise the functions of a State within this union,
and can only exercise the some by the consent of the
law-making power of the United States: Therefore,
The State of Tennessee is hereby declared to beone
of the United States of America, on an equal footing
with the other States, upon the expresscondition that
the people of Tennessee will maintain and enforce in
good faith their existing constitution and laws, ex-
cluding those who have been engaged in rebellion
against the United States from the exercise of the
elective franchise for the respective periods of time
therein provided for, aixlshall exclude the same per-
son* for the like respective periods of time lrom eligi-
bility to office; and the State of Tennessee shall
never assume or pay any debt or obligation con-
tracted or incurred in aid of the late rebellion; nor
shall tho saidState everin any manner claim trorn the
United States or make any allowance or compensa-
tion for slaves emancipated or liberated m any way
whatever' which conditions shall be ratified by the
Legislature of Tennessee, or the people thereof, as
th e Legislature may direct, before this act shall take
effect.
The joint resolution was recommitted, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BINGHAM. I enter a mqtion to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
recommitted.
I now move that the memorial and accom-
panying papers, together with the testimony in
relation to Tennessee taken by the committee,
he printed, and on that motion I demand the
previous question.
ilr. BROOKS. Suppose there is objection
to the printing of the testimony?
The SPEAKER. The question will be sub-
mitted to the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have called the previous
question on the motion to print.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the reading of the
testimony. m, , . . . .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to demand it and it will be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Unless the
majority of the House should determine other-
wise.
The SPEAKER. The House can at any
