1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Mr. MORRILL. As the gen.tleman from
New York evidently intended to reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
I hope he will be allowed to go on uninter-
ruptedly.
Mr. RAYMOND. I am very much surprised
to find myself involved in such a controversy.
I did not rise to create or provoke controversy
with any one upon this floor. I rose to express
my own dissent from the views propounded here
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and if in
anything I said after that, embodying my own
opinions, I gave proper warrant for, I will not
say attacks upon me, for I do not believe any
such thing was meant, but for the questions pro-
pounded as to my position on this subject, I am
very much surprised, but not the less glad of
this opportunity of stating and explaining what
it is. 1 cannot assent to the intimations thrown
out by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevexs,] that the President concurred in the
views he had expressed, or that he had handed
the whole subject of pacifying the States lately
in rebellion, and of restoring the States to the
practical exercise of their functions as members
of the Union, to the hands of Congress. I can
find no warrantin his message for believing that
he designs thus to abandon duties which are
evidently, in his judgment, devolved upon him
as the Executive in the Government, and as
Commander-in-Chief of the armies of the Uni-
ted States. On the contrary, I find him rehears-
ing, in clear and explicit language, the steps he
has taken to restore the rightful energy of the
General Government and the States. "To that
end," he says,
" Provisional governors have been appointed for the
States, conventions called, Governors elected, Legisla-
tures assembled, and Senators and Representatives
cliosen to the Congress of the United States. At the
same time the courts of the United States, as far as
could be done, have been reopened, so that the laws
ot the United States may be enforced through their
agency. The blockade has been removed and the cus-
tom-houses reestablished in ports of entry, so that the
revenue ot the United States may be collected. The
Post Otfico Department renews its coascless activity,
and the General Government is thereby enabled to
communicate promptly with its officers and agents.
The courts bring security to persons and propeity; the
opening of the ports invites the restoration of indus-
try and commerce; the post office renews the facili-
ties of social intercourse and of business."
Ho has exercised his power of pardon; "he
has invited the States lately in rebellion to par-
ticipate in the ratification of the constitutional
amendment securing the perpetual prohibition
of slavery. "This done," lie says,
"It will remain for the States, whose powers have
been so long in abeyance, to resume their placcs in the
two branches of the national Legislature, and there-
by complete the work of restoration, litre it is for
you, fclloic-citizens of the Senate, and for you fellow-
citizens of the House of Representatives, to fudge, each
of you for yourselves, of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of your own members."
All but this has been done in the exercise of
his functions and in the performance of his
duties, as President of the United States, and
as Commander-in-Chief of their armies. The
admission of members of Congress, and the
restoration of the judicial branch of the civil
authority of the Government, are necessarily
referred to the deliberations and action of Con-
gress.
Mr. Chairman, I am here to act with those
who seek to complete the restoration of the
Union, as I have acted with those through the
last four years who have sought to maintain its
integrity and prevent its destruction. I shall
say no word and do no act and give no vote to
recognize its division, or to postpone or disturb'
its rapidly-approaching harmony and peace.
I have no right and no disposition to lay down
rules by which others shall govern and guide
their conduct; but for myself I shall en-
deavor to act upon this whole question in the
broad and liberal temper which its importance
demands. We are not conducting a contro-
versy in a court of law. We are not seeking
to enforce a remedy for private wrongs, nor to
revenge or retaliate private griefs. We have
great communities of men, permanent interests
of great States, to deal with, and we are bound
to deal with them in a large and liberal spirit. I
It may be for the welfare of this nation that we |
shall cherish toward the millions of our peo-
ple lately in rebellion feelings of hatred and
distrust; that we shall nurse the bitterness their
infamous treason has natually and justly engen-
dered, and make that the basis of our future
"dealings with them. Possibly we may beSt
teach them the lessons of liberty, by visiting
upon them the worst excesses of despotism.
Possibly they may best learn to practice justice
toward others, to admire and emulate our re-
publican institutions, by suffering at our hands
the absolute rule we denounce in others. It
may be best for us and for them that we dis-
card, in all our dealings with them, all the ob-
ligations and requirements of the Constitution,
and assert as the only law for them the unre-
strained will of conquerors and masters.
I confess I do not sympathize with the senti-
ments or the opinions which would dictate such
a course. I would exact of them all needed and
all just guarantees for their future loyalty to the
Constitution and laws of the United States. I
would exact from them, or impose upon them
through the constitutional legislation of Con-
gress, and by enlarging and extending, if neces-
sary, the scope and powers of the Freedmen's
Bureau, proper care and protection for the help-
less and friendless freedmen, so lately their
slaves. I would exercise a rigid scrutiny into
the character and loyalty of the men whom they
may send to Congress, before I allowed them
to participate in the high prerogative of-legis-
lating for the nation. But I would seek to allay
rather than stimulate the animosities and hatred,
however just they may be, to which the war has
given rise. But for our own sake as well as
for theirs I would not visit upon them a policy
of confiscation which has been discarded in the
policy and practical conduct of every civilized
nation on the face of the globe.
I believe it important for us as well as for
them that we should cultivate friendly relations
with them, that we should seek the promotion
of their interests as part and parcel of our own.
We have been their enemies in war, in peace
let us show ourseh es their friends. Now, that
slavery has been destroyed—that prolific source
of all our alienations, all our hatreds, and all our
disasters—there is nothing longer to make us
foes. They have the same interests, the same
hopes, the same aspirations that we have.
They are one with us; we must share th eir suf-
ferings and they will share our advancing pros-
perity. They have been punished as no com-
munity was ever punished before for the treason
they have committed. I trust, sir, the day will
come ere long when all traces of this great
conflict will be effaced, except those which
mark the blessings that follow in its train.
1 hope and believe we shall soon see the day
when the people of the southern States will
show us, by evidences that we cannot mistake,
that they have returned, in all sincerity and
good faith, to their allegiance to the Union ;
that they intend to join henceforth with us in
promoting its prosperity, in defending the ban-
ner of its glory, and in fighting the battles of
democratic freedom, not only here, but where
ever the issue may be forced upon our accept-
ance. I rejoice with heartfelt satisfaction that
we have in these seats of power—in the execu-
tive departm ent, and in these halls of Congress—-
men who will cooperate for the attainment of
these great and beneficent ends. I trust they
will act with wisdom; I know thev will act from
no other motives than those of patriotism and
love of their fellow-men.
Mr. SPALDING obtained the floor; and
moved that the committee rise.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 would ask my friend from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] to add to his motion,
"and that the resolutions adopted in commit-
tee be reported to the House."
Mr. J ENClvBS. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw his motion for a few
moments.
Mr. SPALDING. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Rhode Island [Mr. Jesckes] for five
minutes.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Chairman, I have re-
gretted much that this debate was persisted in
to-day. I regret still more that I have not had
an opportunity to prepare myself to meet, as
this committee should demand of any one who
addresses it, the questions that have been sug-
gested and partly argued here to- day by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Raymond;] but
I will ask the indulgence of the committee, and
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,]
to allow me to make a few statements,
I do not know from what source the gentle-
man from NewYork derives his knowledge of
public law, or its applicability to the present
condition of this country. But it seems to*me
that he has confounded questions of law andi
questions of fact, which should always be dis-
criminated by those who have to aet upon either
or both questions.
The gentleman states, and properly, that
every act or ordinance of secession was a nul-
lity. Undoubtedly it was. Upon that question
of law we do not disagree. But he seems to
me to overlook entirely what was the state of
facts from the time of the passage of the ordi-
nances of secession until the time of the sur-
render of Lee's army. During that period
what were the relations which all that territory
—I will not use the term States, but all that
territory—between the Potomac and the Bio
Grande sustained to the Government of the
United States? Who could see States there
for any purpose for which legislation was re-
quired by the Constitution of the United States?
At the time of the passage of the ordinance
of secession, States were organized there, in
existence, in action, known to the Constitution
and the constitutional authorities under it.
But were they loyal? Did they obey the Con-
stitution of the United States ? This is a ques-
tion that needs no answer other than that whieh
is conveyed to every mind by the recollection
of the last four years of war, with their ex-
penditure of treasure and blood. Those States
were not destroyed, in the technical language
of the law—they simply died out. As their
Go\ernors passed out of office, as the terms of
their Legislatures expired, who knew those
facts ? None but themselves. And yet, be-
hind this grand cordon of armies, stretching
from here to the Rio Grande, there were States
in existence, organized as States, but States in
rebellion, occupying the territory belonging to
the people of the United States. They were
not acting in concert with this Government,
but against it. That, Mr. Chairman, is a mat-
ter of fact. My eyes are not dimmed or blinded
by the parchment upon which constitutions or
laws are written. I, like the men who carried
the bayonets and planted the cannon, recog-
nize the fact that was before us during all this
time. There was a state of rebellion. There
were in that part of our territory no States
known to our Constitution or the laws that we
enact, or the officers whose duty it is to enforce
those laws.
I recognize, too, the next fact. Bear in mind,
I am simply stating now what I conceive to be
the facts. The question as to what may be the
law can be reserved for discussion on .another
occasion. I recognize fully the duties of the
Executive. And it was the duty of the Pres-
ident of the United States, as the head of the
civil and military power of this great Republic
—not "empire;" God forbid that this country
should ever be so designated with applause or
even with toleration—to beat down armed op-
position to it, whether it came from a foreign
Power or from domestic insurrection. That
was the duty of the President; and he recog-
nized it; and it was not the duty of any one in
this Congress to gainsay it. It was written on
the face of the Constitution that the President
was to see that the laws should be faithfully
executed, and the power of this Republic main-
tained; and he did so.
The next fact—the fact which seems to me
to be the one most pertinent for consideration
now—is that the military power which was op-
posed to this Government has been destroyed.
It was the duty of the Executive to see that this
was done, and to report to the Congress of the
United States that it has been done. But what
