isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3109
it taken away from me, not that I think I would
do injustice in the distribution of the money,
but because I do not think that the Secretary
of the Treasury ought to be compelled to deal
out bounties and gratuities to those under his
employment. It takes away the sense of man-
liness and independence- Indeed I think that
everybody employed by the Government has a
right to a fixed compensation, and a compen-
sation fixed by law ; he has a right to receive
that for the honest discharge of his services.
But the question is whether we are now pre-
pared to enter into a general increase of sala-
ries. If we now legislate upon this subject per-
manently, we shall have to increase all the
salaries in the Treasury Department. Why ?
Because the expenses of living are so great.
That is merely temporary. We know that as
we gradually approach spccie payments a dif-
ferent state of things will exist, that prices
will go down, and then that probably the old
salaries will be sufficient.
Under these circumstances the Committee
on Finance thought it belter, as the House had
proposed to continue this appropriation, but
t,o make it $100,000—less than it was before—
to give that amount in the manner and in the
same mode provided for by the House, for this
year at least. We were not at that time, and
we are not now prepared to enter upon the
general question of the increase of salaries. I
think, with perhaps a better knowledge of this
matter than most of the Senators who only hear
the discussion to-day, that the adjustment made
by the committee is a fair and wise one, and it
ought not to be disturbed.
If you should defeat the amendment and al-
low the House bill to stand as it is, it is much
more unjust even from your own point of view,
because it. appiopriates the same amount of
money; it disposes of the whole of the balance
of the S250,000 : it gives it to none but clerks
of the first and second classes, and excludes the
ladies entirely ; so that it is not as fair and just
as the Senate proposition. On the other hand
if you strike out both, you may take away from
the Secretary of the Treasury the power to re-
tain in his employment officers who are indis-
pensably necessary for the management of the
business of the Treasury Department,. I think,
therefore, that it is better to leave the question
this year to the solution made by the Finance
Committee, and if at any time the Senate is
willing to approach the question of fixing the
compensation of employes of the Treasury
Department, we can do it. In the tax bill sent
us by the House the other day, they have reor-
ganized one bureau of the Treasury Department,
giving largely increased salaries. If we are
prepared to extend those same, salaries to all
the other officers of the Treasury Department,
it will much more tliau absorb your $100,000.
It would take twice or three times that sum ;
and if you propose now to increase the pay and
give to the employes that pay which all of us
admit they are fairly entitled to, we must be
prepared for an expenditure of a much larger
sum than $100,000 placed in the power of the
Secretary. I think that in a year or two from
this time it will be much wiser and better then
to settle on a permanent basis the salaries of
the various officers of the Government.
In regard to the political questions drawn
into this controversy, I have certainly no de-
sire now to engage in tlieir discussion ; indeed
I do not think they are pertinent. While the
Secretary of the Treasury holds that office we
are bound to give him all reasonable powers
to execute his duties, and we cannot, because
wc differ with him in opinion, either withhold
from him the ordinary powers of the Treasury
Department or deny to him those ordinary
discretionary powers which are necessary to
enable him to perform his functions.
In regard to one subject which has been
thrown into this controversy, the disposition
of the gold sold in New York the other day,
I think if any candid man will read the letter j
of Mr. Van Dyck in connection with the letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury, he will see
that the action of the officer there was had
without consultation with the Secretary of the
Treasury, so that the Secretary is not respon-
sible. The action was taken under such a pres-
sure that it was impossible to consult with the
Secretary of the Treasury. At most, to say
the worst of it, that was a simple error of
judgment upon which a good deal may be said
on both sides.
Mr. GRIMES. I would inqnire of the Sen-
ator by whom that pressure was made and
upon whom.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was made by the sud-
den arrival of news from Europe that banks
had failed there and that a financial revulsion
was likely to occur.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 will inquire of the Senator
whether or not gold was sold after banking
hours had ceased, and after the transactions
of the open board were over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know nothing about it
except what is stated by Mr. Van Dyclc, and he
says they received 1 lie. news at 2: -15. That was
probably after the ordinary business of banking
in New York is disposed of. I have no doubt
that if I had been there intrusted with the
authority 1 would not have sold the gold.
Mr. GRIMES. I have the same purpose in
view that the Senator from Ohio has. I desire
that the public should be able to repose the
utmost confidence in the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. It is certainly important to the country
that the people should be able to place confi-
dence in him ; and as the Senator holds con-
fidential relations with the Secretary of the
Treasury 
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all; I do not see
him quite so often as you do.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have not seen him for a
long time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Nor I.
Mr. GRIMES. At any rate I venture to
suggest to the Senator that if the public could
be informed of the particular time at which
this gold was sold, and to whom it was sold,
and when it was paid for, probably the'eon-
fidence of the public might bo measurably
restored.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator had better
propose the raising of a committee to inquire
into that.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have not seen the Sec-
retary of the Treasury since the gold was sold.
I know nothing about it but what I see in the
public prints. I have never conversed with
the Secretary about the sale of gold. My own
judgment is that the time for the sale of the
Government gold has passed, and that if the
Secretary has more than lie wants for the legit-
imate purpose of paying the interest on the
public debt, it would be much wiser to apply
that gold directly to the purchase of bonds of
the. United States as they mature. That has
been my feeling for a year past, since the war
has been over. But that, is neither here nor
there. The agent, selected by Mr. McCulloch
to sell gold, 1 understand, is not a relative in
any sense, not even in a remote sense. lie is
a very distant relation of the Secretary's wife,
and that so distant that if I could state it to
you—and I cannot correctly although it was
given to me by a person who knew—it would
excite a smile.
This man was an ordinary broker in New
York who received one eighth of one percent.,
the ordinary commission for selling gold. But
if that is an unreasonable commission for the
sale of gold and taking so fearful a responsibil-
ity as this, what should be said of the commis-
sion allowed by the Secretary of the Navy some
years ago of five per cent, to buy vessels, which
I believe is forty times as much as the commis-
sion allowed to this man for selling gold ? At \
the same time the Secretary of the 'Treasury j
cannot be seriously blamed for this, because he |
was ignorant of it. His general authority to j
the agent was to keep gold at a certain stand- j
ard, 130, and he did keep it, at that standard; j
it was kept for nearly a year varying between ,
123 and 135, gradually declining. The policy j
of the Secretary was to keep it not above 130, j
looking to a gradual reduction and resumption i
of specie payments. That was not only stated
by him in his annual report, but it was a fact
of public notoriety. Whenever gold went above
130, some was thrown into the market; usualy,
one hundred thousand dollars or half a million
dollars was sufficient to stop any inclination to
rise above that; but he was not prepared for this
extraordinary state of affairs which came over
the wires from Europe. Mr. McCulloch was
not there to direct and advise him. Mr. Van
Dyck was to give the orders, for Mr. Myers had
no authority to sell without the order of Mr.
Van Dyck, according to the statement of Mr.
Van Dyck himself. Myers wassimply the agent
to execute orders. He was the simple broker.
Van Dyck was the custodian of the gold, an
officer under bonds, a man of high character.
I believe I never saw him in my life, and would
not know him if I met him ; but his reputation
in the city of New York is certainly of the high-
est character. He authorized the sale after this
news came in. Everybody must have known
that the effect of the news would be to put up
gold, because under the operation of the news
in Europe our bonds had gone down some ten
per cent, in gold value in London. Everybody
must have known that the effect of that news
here would be to advance the price of gold ;
and the question arose with Van Dyck whether
he should sell gold at once or withdraw from
the market and let the price of gold suddenly
go up, creating alarm and distress, compelling
importers of goods to go into the market in
order to meet their contracts and pay a largely
increased priccfor gold, crushing perhaps large
interests in (lie city of New York, deranging
business, because no one can doubt that if it
had not been for the twenty-five millions of gold
thrown into the market that night, gold would
have gone up probably to 150, and we might
have had a panic in this country. These are
mitigating circumstances, to say the least, that
are mentioned by the officer having charge of
this subject, Mr. Van Dyck, and the whole
decision was arrived at without the knowledge
or consent, of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, I ask Senators whether when you take
that question with the surrounding circum-
stances and the explanations that have been
made by these oflicers acting under general
instructions given without a knowledge of the
new facts that had been flashed over the wires,
there was, to say the most, anything more than
simply an error of judgment. I think, myself,
it is yet very problematical whether the United
States will not gain more by the loss of what
she might have made by holding and hoarding
this gold a little while, by the increased confi-
dence it will be found to have given to our
securities abroad; because from the very mo-
ment of that first panic they have gradually
risen, and I have no doubt that under the
advices of the shipment of gold from this
country to England they will rise more. I ask,
then, whether it is right to arraign the Secre-
tary of the Treasury on this error of judgment,
and especially for this reason to deny him a
power that we freely gave one year ago to
another Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. President, I have said more than I in-
tended to say. I have said this much merely
because I was willing, myself, to take my share
of the responsibility of the appropriation of
$250,000 made a year ago, which I think was
made in the Senate without objection._ My
friend from Wisconsin objected in committee ;
I do not know whether he objected in the Sen-
ate or not; at any rate it was agreed to with
very little discussion here, and only after full
consideration and by the general and hearty
consent of both Houses. By appropriating
$250,000 in the way I have mentioned, we pre-
vented the Treasury from being saddled with
a permanent increase of salaries to the vari-
ous oflicers of the Treasury Department which
would absorb probably two or three times the
amount that we did appropriate.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, T was a
member ol'the committee which reported this
bill, and we considered it well. I think it is
just and proper to intrust this matter to the
