1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4069
this tax provided for by that law annually; and
whether, therefore, it is not necessary, in order
to prevent a reassessment on every northern
State this year, to pass, as we have passed
almost every year heretofore, a provision sus-
pending its execution. For the information
of the Senate, I will read the first part of the
first section of that act:
That a direct tax, &c., be, and is hereby, annually
laid upon the United States, and the same is hereby
apportioned, &c.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator probably is
not aware that that was only levied for One
year and then was repealed, all the States,
pretty much, demanding its repeal. It was
only levied for one year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My recollection is—Irec-
ollect it perfectly well, as the Senator does—
that it was only levied for one year. All tax-
payers found that out, fortunately; but instead
of being repealed, so far as my knowledge
* goes—and I shall be glad to have the Senator
refer to the statute repealing it—I think the
fact is, it has only been suspended from year
to year.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was suspended once or
twice, but finally indefinitely postponed. I
could, by looking at the internal revenue acts,
hunt it up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suspect my friend from
Ohio is mistaken about that, and therefore, for
security, I think it would be better to make the
# special exemption in favor of the particular
States named by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia, so as to avoid the unpleasant condition
we shall bo in by leaving this act of 18G1, which
I think is in force at this day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I will read the statute on that subject:
"No direct tax whatever shall bo assessed or col-
lected under this or any other act of Congress here-
tofore passed, until Congress shrill enact another la w
requiring such assessment and collection to be made;
but this shall not be construed to repeal or postpone
the assessment or collection of the first direct tax
levied or which should be levied under the act," ccc.
This act was passed on the 30th o£ June,
1864. That is the last one that was passed.
The collection oftlie tax was first postponed, and
then it was declared that no further fax should
be collected until a law was passed authorizing
it, except that the first tax should be collected
in the S' i es where it had not been "collected.
That is i e state of the law at present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The effect of that, then,
would be, as-the Senator from Illinois says, to
Erovide for a general suspension until it shall
e again put in operation. With that explana-
tion, probably the result which the Senator
from Ohio has suggested would be reached,
and this amendment would not be necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hen-
dricks in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as the first year's
assessments are concerned, the law still con-
tinues in force, and it is necessary to give them
time within which to pay.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I alluded to the amend-
ment that I had suggested.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the commit-
tee as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. I do not see any reason, and
was not satisfied with those given by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, why we should now postpone
the collection of this direct tax. I have had
some Con versation with some persons who have
been officers under the law for the collection
of this tax in the rebellious States. I know it
may be suggested that they are interested; that
is true. They would be interested as officers;
but still they would be better informed on this
subject than anybody else, and it is not to be
presumed that the interest they would have in
holding the office would so warp their judg-
ments that they could not give correct infor-
mation in regard to the effect ot this tax.
I do not think that the people are less able
to pay this tax in the rebellious States than in
other portions of the country. I do- not be-
lieve in making this exception in favor of men
who have been disloyal to the Government. I
understand that loyal men, to a great extent,
have paid this tax in the rebellious States, and
that those who are disloyal contest the law.
Many of them say that the law is invalid; that
Congress has no right to assess this tax upon
them, and they are not going to pay it.
Nqw, sir, the truth about, it is, there is a
great deal of money in the South. I was in-
formed a short time ago, by a very influential
banker from New Orleans, who had resided
there for a quarter of a century before the war,
and was recently engaged in the banking busi-
ness in that city, that the amount of deposits
of money in the city of New Orleans was larger
than ever before; and he said to me that there
was more money in the South than he had ever
known to be there. The cotton that was found
in the South at the close of the war, at the ex-
travagant prices which it brought, took to that
country more money for that crop than had ever
been received, before for any previous crop. It
is not true that there is no money in the South.
This tax is a tax assessed upon land. It
eaches these aristocratic land-holders of the
South, the wealthy persons. They arc much
better able to pay this tax than thousands bf
our constituents at home ; and it will be much
more difficult tot collect this tax in 1808 than
it is now. The tax is partly paid. It has
been partially collected in some of these rebel-
lious States. I do not know that it has been en-
tirely collected in any of them ; perhaps it has
been in Tennessee. 1 do not know how that
but it has been partially collected, I pre-
sume, in all of them. Now, it seems to me it
will be difficult to discriminate. It is going to
complicate the matter. Suppose these States,
in 18(58, ask to pay this tax as the northern
States did. Suppose the State of Georgia, if
you please, upon whom a tax was assessed,
according to representation, of, say a million
dollars. I have not the statute before me,
and do not remember the precise amount 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Five hundred and eighty-
four thousand dollars upon Georgia.
Mr. TRUMBU LL. 1 am informed that the
precise sum is $584,000. Suppose $100,000
of that has been paid already. The persons
who have paid that $100,000 would bo assessed
in common with the others to raise a fund to
pay the balance. It would complicate the
matter very much. Again, the machinery for
collecting this tax is in operation now.
Mr. F11SSENDEN. Only in some of the
States, not in all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed it was in all.
I suppose the whole tax would have been col-
lected before this but that the Secretary of the
Treasury, under that power which he exercises,
a sort of dispensing power to execute laws or
not as he thinks proper, has suspended the
collection of this tax from time to time under
the same authority that he selected persons to
collect the revenue who could nottake the oath
of office. He has gone on and refused to exe-
cute, or neglected to execute, the act of Con-
gress. I suggest that there is no sufficient rea-
son for postponing the collection of this tax,
and that it will be attended with additional
expense to seek to collect it by and by. It is
not a very heavy tax at any rate upon these
States. I would not be disposed to adopt any
legislation which should be harsh toward these
States that are disposed to return to their alle-
giance : but this is not the adoption of new
legislation. We paid this tax long ago. Sir.
your constituents and mine paid this tax years
ago. These States have already had a credit
of five years, by reason of their opposition to
the Government, and I do not think there is
any principle of justice or liberality that should
require Congress to postpone it longer.
Mr. JOHNSON. I regret that my friend
from Illinois should have deemed it his duty to
oppose this proposition. I do not think he is
aware of the condition of the South. He can-
not know how exceedingly impoverished they
are. He cannot know that there is hardly any
money there with which even to buy the necessa-
ries of life, much less to pay taxes. There may
be in the city of New Orleans money in bank;
but if so it belongs in a great measure to those
who are doing business on account of the
North—commission merchants. No doubt
there is a large fund, because they have been
dealing in cotton to a great extent.
But I rose simply forihe purpose of saying,
and I have thought my friend from Illinois was
willing to adopt, almost everything that the
committee of fifteen recommended, that one
of the measures recommended by that com-
mittee, and it received, as well as I recollect,
the vote of every member, was to suspend the
collection of this tax. The honorable mem-
ber tells you that your constituents and his
constituents have paid it. This is true; but
your constituents and his are in a very differ-
ent situation from the citizens of the States
through which armies have marched, carrying
desolation in their train. The march of"Gen-
eral Sherman—and I find no fault with it, be-
cause he deemed it necessapr, and perhaps it
was necessary, to accomplish the end—the
march of General Sherman extended for a
width of some forty miles, and left that whole
area almost in ruin. The inmates of many a
homestead who were happy and prosperous are
now not only without money but without homes.
It seems to mc, therefore, to be not only an
act of humanity but an act of strict justice, if
we do not wish to complete the desolation of
the South, that we shall at least extend to them,
what they now only ask, some time within
which they may be able to reinstate themselves
in their ancient prosperity, and meet as of old
the demands of the Government.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to strike out the
fourth section of the bill, as follows:
Sue. 4. And be it further enacted, That all laws and
parts of laws allowing fishing bounties to vessels here-
after licensed to engage in tho fisheries be. ana the
same are hereby, repealed: Provided, That from and
alter th cdatc of the passage of this act, vessels licensed
to engage in tho fisheriesmaytakeon board imported
salt in bond to bo used in curing fish, under such reg-
ulations as the Secretary ot tho Treasury shall pre-
scribe, and upon pioofthatsaidsalthasbeen used in
curing fish the duties on the same shall be remitted.
I do not propose to present any argument t-0
the Senate on this question. That I attempted
to do on a former occasion, and should not
think of craving the indulgence of the Senate
at the present time to repeat it. But there are
two or three considerations to which I desire
to call the attention of the Senate.
In the first place, the subject is not a ques-
tion of finance which properly falls within the
jurisdiction of this committee. I do not think
that it ought to have felt itself charged with
such a subject. The protection of the revenue
does not authorize the consideration of the
question in the sense in which the committee
has presented it to us, in my judgment. What
is this interest with which this committee, if I
may be allowed the expression, so unceremo-
niously deal? Why, sir, it is an interest that
was established at the time the Government
was established, and has uniformly been sus-
tained and fostered since the Government had
existence. It is an interest not only fostered
by our Government, but it is an interest that
every military, naval, and commercial Govern-
ment on the globe has found it necessary to
foster, cherish, and sustain. There is no Gov-
ernment in modern times that has pretended
to maintain a commerce or a navy but has
adopted this policy.
Now, sir, although this question has been
repeatedly before the Senate, the enemies ol
this interest never have been able to carry the
judgment of the Senate with them,^ I believe,
in a single instance. My recollection is, that
whenever it has been referred to an appropri-
ate committee for consideration this interest
has always been sustained. When it lias been
considered as a measure of commerce, as a.
measure touching the commercial marine ot
the country, and the Navy of tnc country, it
has always bcou sustained) o,fld the gcucio.!
