THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
then? Then, there comes the third question of
fact* intimately connected with tlie last, and
hardly separable from it, because it requires
the immediate action of the Executive and of
Congress. All the power that existed in the
shape of confederated States behind rebel bay-
onets and fortifications has fallen to the earth.
The" territory which these States iu rebellion
occupied was the property of the people of the
United States, and never could be taken from
us. I hold it to be a question of public law,
worthy of consideration by the representatives
of the American people, by the President and
the Administration generally, to ascertain what
existed in the shape of civil constitutions and
laws behind the military government that has
been overthrown. I hesitate not to say, here
or elsewhere, that the Executive of this Gov-
ernment has done his duty in this matter. All
conquering nations when they overcome a re-
bellious people by overthrowing their military
power, look, as did the Government of Great
Britain when it had overcome the mutiny in
India, to see what government of a civil kind
has existed or may exist from custom among
the people who are conquered.
I see no reason in this view to discriminate
between the argument of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania and the argument of the gentle-
man from Ohio and the argument of the gen-
tleman from New York. It seems to me that
if they will look at the particular questions
which are now before us, and which require
our action, the differences would be in terms
and not in substance. The Executive is doing
his duty. I do not wish to make a criticism of
the manner in which it is done. That may be
done when measures come from the executive
department, but we have none now. I wish
for myself as a member of the House to say
that I wish to do my duty. T do not wish to be
compromised by the speech or argument of the
gentleman from New York, or the gentlemen
from any other State on any question which
may arise before Congress when no question is
here for discussion or action. "When the time
.to vote comes, when business is in hand, then we
may speak and bind ourselves. I think that
no one here can speak for a party, and that no
one is bound by what has been said by the gen-
tlemen who have spoken. And when the gen-
tleman from New York says, looking at the
(question of reconstruction, that there resides
in the Executive power to impose conditions
upon the resumption of the rights of the States
wliich have been In rebellion. I ask him where
he finds that power— in the Constitution of the
United States or in the public law, the law of
war, the law of nations which overrides when
it is once called into existence ? Is it the power
of carrying on foreign war or suppressing do-
mestic insurrections?
Mr. SPALDING obtained the floor; but
yielded to
Mr. MORRILL, who moved that the com-
mittee rise and report to the House the follow-
ing resolutions which were before the commit-
tee:
Resolved, That so much of tho annual mesFO<?c of
the President of the United states to the two Houses
of Congress at the present se.?-"ioiu to'-voclier with the
accompanying documents., as relates to the linances,
to the receipts into the Treasury and the public ex-
penditures, to the revision of the revenue, to tli  pub-
lic debt, and the ways and means of supporting and
meeting all the public liabilities of the Government,
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to carrying on the sev-
eral Departments of the Government, to the necessary
appropriations therefor, to deficiencies in the appio-
priation?. and to mail transportation by ocean steam-
ers, bo referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Revolved, That so much of said and accom-
panying documents as relator to banks and banhini:.
and currency, be referred to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Curreucy.
Resolved, That so much ofsaid message and accom-
pany id££document* as relates to commerc o uc referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
ll'jsoJv.d, That so much of said message and. accom-
pany mc documents as relates to the public domain
be refeired to the Committee on Public "Land".
lir'-o!c"h TiiPt *omuch ofsaid menace and accom-
panying document 3 . -< rc! ite.- to th ? P<^t Ohico L>e-
;■ ivunoiif bo v. ior±rd u the Conmiuee on t\u V
Ofiico :>.M Pn I R.,ud«\
lie ■<>? 1 <"J, That <0 lunch of ?:ud xao-'sjrre and accr,in-
panyms documents as relate* to tho ro<.^t,VoiLLmenfc
of the courts in districts where their authority has
been interrupted, and to all judicial proceedings, bo
roforred to the Committee on tho Judiciary.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public_expcnd-
iturcsbereferredtothe Committee on Public Expend-
itures.
Resolved« That so much of said message and accom- *
panying documents as relates to agriculture, and to
tho Department of Agriculture, be referred to the
Committee on Agriculture.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
fanying documents as relates to tho management of
ndian affairs be referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to tho Army of the Uni-
ted States, to provisions for apeace establishment and
to coast and lake defenses, be referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to thcNavyof theUni-
ted States be referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to our foreign affairs,
together with the accompanying correspondence, be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Territories of the
United States be referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to pensions and the Pen-
sion Bureau be referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the expenditures in
connection with the State Department be referred to
the Committee on Expenditures in the State Depart-
ment.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in con-
nection with'the Treasury Department be referred to
the Committee 011 Expendituies in the Trcasuiy De-
portment.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in con-
nection with tho War Department bo referred to tho
Committee on Expenditures in the War Department.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to expenditures in con-
nection with the iSTavy Department be referred to tho
Committee on Expenditures in the Navy Depart-
ment.
Resolved, Thatso much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the expendiuucs in
connection with tho Post 0trice Department bo re-
ferred to the Committee on Expenditures in the Post
Office Department.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the militia be referred
to tho Committee on tho Militia.
Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Pacific railroad
be referred to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
Resolved. That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to roads and canals be
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Resolved, That eo much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the District of Co-
lumbia be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Resolvr/I, Thatso much of the President's message
and accompanying documents as relates to the sub-
ject of reconstruction be referred to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose : and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Boctwull reported
that the Committee of the Whole 011 the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
Union generally, and particularly the annual
message of the President of the United States,
and had directed him to report certain resolu-
tions thereon.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered : and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolutions were adopted.
PBE^Cn EXPOSITION.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I have received
information from the State Department that it
is necessary that the House should accept the
invitation the h'rench G ovcrnment has extended
to this Government, to take part in the exposi-
tion of the world's industry. Jf Congress ac-
crpts that invitation it should do it now, for
when we return after the holidays it will be too
lare. 1 therefore move the adoption of the,joint
resolution, wliich t &end to the Clerk's desk.
The joint resolution was read the first and
second *ime.
Tho lb'< clause of ''k joint n\-;n];ii>;: ac-
cepts the invii.uioo t< iidtjs. il by the French
('-(r. to the L n;; ed ,Slates te take part
in the expo-jrion, or.d p;(:i; ntho proceed-
ings heretofore adopted l>y tho Secretary of
State in relation thereto, as pet forth in his re-
port accompanying the President's message.
Tho second clause appropriates the sum of
 dollars for the payment of the expenses of
freight and shipments of articles intended for
•exhibition, from the United States to France
and return, and for tho compensation of the
principal agent of the exposition in the United
States, at a salary of §3,000 a year, and of a
committee of ten professional and scientific per-
sons, at a salary of 51)000 a year each.
The third clause authorizes the employment
of a clerical force by the general agent for the
exposition in New York; and
The fourth clause authorizes the Secretary of
State to proscribe such general regulations as
may bo proper concerning the conduct of busi-
ness relating to the part to be taken by the Uni-
ted States in the exposition.
Mr. BANKS. If there is any objection to
that clause of the resolution which makes an
appropriation, Twill waive it, but I beg that the
House will permit action to be taken upon the
remainder of the resolution. The first branch
of the resolution accepts the invitation of the
French Government anu approves what the
Secretary of State has done as set forth in his
report to the President, which has been dis-
tributed, and which is referred to in the Pres-
ident's message. The other clause relates to
the appointment 'of clerks, which arc necessary
to carry this object into effect.
If there be objection to that portion of the
joint resolution containing an appropriation, I
will not press action upon it; but I trust there
will be no objection to immediate action on the
other portion of the resolution, as that is neces-
sary.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of that clause of the resolution
| embracing an appropriation?
| Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I object,
i Mr. BANKS. Then I withdraw that portion
of it.
Mr. FA.RNS WORTH. Was not this subject
referred to the Committee 011 Agriculture the
other day on the motion of my colleague, [Mr.
Wextworth ?]
The SPEAKER. The message of the Presi-
dent and the letter of the Secretary of State
wore referred to tho Committee on Agriculture.
There was no disposition about to bo made of
them but to lay them upon the table. They
should have gone to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, in the opinion of the Chair, but he en-
tertained the first motion that was made, and
they were referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know nothing
about it. I only asked for information.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MORRILL. I desiie to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts whether there
is anything in the resolution which will require
us to make an appropriation hereafter?
Mr. BANKS. I have withdrawn the por-
tion of the resolution containing an appropria-
tion.
Mr MORRILL. While I am quite willing
that this invitation shall be accepted, I do not
desire to preclude the House from any action
it may deem proper hereafter as to the amount
to be expended for agents or clerks.
Mr. BANKS. That question is not presented
in the resolution. The last clause of the res-
olution simply authorizes the employment of
clerks. They may be paid from some other
fund, or a fund maybe appropriated by Con-
gress. The whole matter will be in the hands of
Congress to approve and appropriate money
for.
The SPEAKER. The provision in regard to
the compensation of an agent was stricken out
or withdrawn, objection beingmade by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. [Mr. Hakdixo.] There-
in no appropriation in it now.
The joint resolution wrs passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to rcconsider the voto
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
