4070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
July 24,
judgment of Congress time and again has been
in favor of it. Therefore I submit that an in-
terest which has been so largely fostered, until
it has come to be the standing policy of the
country, ought not to be repealed upon a bill
of this sort. It is not that kind of legislation
which I think ought to be encouraged upon
such a bill. It is for this reason, among others,
that it has not received that consideration of
the Senate which would justify the Senate in
legislating on the subject on a bill of this char-
acter, that I make this motion.
Now, Mr. President, I do not intend to dis-
guise the fact, and I do not intend that the fact
shall be disguised either, that this movement
.persisted in for years, always in the South and
' latterly in another direction, is the result of pre-
judice against this interest, on the ground that
this is a bounty to a local interest. Nothing is
further from the fact; nothing ever was further
from the fact. It resulted from the broadest idea
of national concern. It has been fostered and
cherished and sustained uniformly upon the
idea that it affected the whole country and was
the interest of the whole country. Now, sir,
we find a class of representatives from one
section of the country going en masse, in a
body, against this measure as one of local con-
cern, who—I allude to it in no invidious spirit,
of course; I think the argument is legitimate
—when other interests of a local character
touching their interests are concerned, yon.
will fmd going in a body for them. If this in-
terest is obnoxious to the charge of being a
local interest, what do you say of the appro-
priations which you annually make to encour-
age agriculture? Is that more general? Sup-
pose JL should concede it to be so, I will nsk
those gentlemen whose constitutionaJ scruples
are affected by this measure, under what pro-
vision of the Constitution those appropriations
are made? Sir, the appropriation to the Bu-
reau of Agriculture is a tribute to the agricult-
ural interest of the country purely. I_ do not
object to it. When the agricultural interest
of the country prospers the whole country
prospers: but I say to that class of statesmen
or representatives in the Senate, who find no
difficulty in appropriating large sums to stimu-
late an interest which is a powerful and domi-
nant interest in their section of the country,
that it does not come with very good grace from
them to talk about stimulating a local interest
when you are called upon to appropriate at
most a few hundred thousand dollars toward
an interest which has had the sanction of the
policy of the Government from its earliest pe-
riod down to the present time.
I am not going to repeat what I said on this
subject 011 another occasion. I am not going
to make an argument upon it. I rose simply
to arrest the attention of the Senate to this sub-
ject. It was by mere accident that I found this
section in the bill. Upon this question, forbear-
ing to trespass further upon the attention of
the Senate, I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. I confess that I am a
little surprised to havecod-fish raised here again
in this body, I supposed we had settled that
question forever a year ago, when the Senator
assented to a compromise, and T congratulated
him and the country that we had got through
with cod-fish. Now the Committee on Finance
propose to give cod-fishermen all they ever asked
—a remittal of the duty on foreign salt. All
that tljey pretended they ever asked was a re-
mittal of that duty, and that is contained in
this section. I am surprised that exception
is taken to this fourth section. It was distinctly
understood, as I thought, by all parties a year
ago that that question was ended, and ended
forever. I hope that this vote will show that
it is ended, and ended forever, and that we shall
never have another vote in this body for cod-
fish. I have voted for nine years to retain the
bounty on the cod-fisheries; but now, for the
first time, I am going to vote to get rid of it
and get ride of it forever.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not understand what
the honorable Senator from Michigan mean;
by a compromise. Who are the parties to a
compromise such as he speaks of?
Mr. CHANDLER. It was generally under-
stood that if we would continue the bounty
another year, at the end of the year this change
should be made.
Mr. MORRILL. I was no party to such an
understanding.
Mr. CHANDLER. Perhaps the Senator did
not assent, but I understood that he did.
Mr. MORRILL. I am no party to such
an understanding; and if I were I should be
ashamed of it. If I understand the proposi-
tion of the honorable Senator, his statement is
that somebody representing an interest which
I say is national—the only ground I put it on
is that it is in favor of your mercantile marine
and your Navy—somebody here felt authorized
to say that if they could make a catchpenny out
of itr, and get the duty off upon salt, that would
be just the thing. What would become of the
national interest which I am talking about?
Sir, I never gave my consent to any such ar-
rangement as that. I have not been advocat-
ing this bounty on the ground that it was par-
ticularly beneficial to the fishermen nor that it
was particularly prejudicial. I have endeav-
ored to put it upon higher grounds. I have
endeavored to put it upon the ground of a
national necessity, and that if you repeal the
fishing bounties you strike a blow at your
mercantile marine and at your Navy. That is
the ground upon which I put it; and I should
be ashamed if I had ever in any hour consented
to the idea that if you would give us a little
drawback on salt we would agree to abandon
the bounty on fish, which was given to encour-
age and to sustain a national interest. I rose
simply to repudiate the idea of any understand-
ing or arrangement of that sort.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only state that this
section came from the House of Representa-
tives in the bill, and I believe it passed the
House of Representatives without a division.
I must add my testimony to what has been said
by the honorable Senator from Michigan. A
year ago we had quite a struggle over this sub-
ject ; and I understood then, by theSenator's
colleague, that the interest represented, the
local interest, would be very well satisfied if
they could have a remission of the duty on
salt—a provision which I thought was perfectly
just and right, because as the fishermen in
Canada and the French fishermen would be
able to get their salt without duty, as a mat-
ter of course the American fishermen ought to
be on the same footing, and ought to have the
benefit of the remission of the duty. I think
this is a wise settlement of the question, and I
hope wf shall have an end forever to this con-
troversy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "By the Senator's
colleague," I presume the Senator does not
mean me. I was not here at that time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I allude to your prede-
cessor, Mr. Farwcll. Perhaps I would be
doing him injustice in saying that he assented
to any arrangement, but I know that he pressed
very strongly as an amendment or qualification
to the bill to repeal the fishing bounty, a pro-
vision allowing a remission of the duty on
salt,- and he thought that that would be sat-
isfactory to, his constituents. I hope, therefore,
that this question will be ended. This pro-
vision was put into the bill by the House of
Representatives, and, I think, passed there
without a division.
Mr. BUCKALEW. On a question of this
kind it seems to me the Senate should have
furnished to it some statement of the natural
result of the proposed change.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed that this was
a matter so familiar to all Senators that it was
not necessary to say anything about it. We
have discussed this (juestion of the fishing boun-
ties for several sessions.
Mr. BUCIiALEW. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds to make an explanation, I will call atten-
tion to two points: first, the amount received
now, the average amount actually paid under
the law authorizing these bounties.
Mr. SHERMAN. About four hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. BUCKALEW. And next, the proba-
ble amount which will be withdrawn or diverted
from the Treasury by allowing salt to be used
without charge by the persons engaged in the
fisheries. .
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Fcssqnden, Foster,
Morrill, Nye, Ramsey, Sprague, and Williams—9.
' NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler, Con-
ness. Cowan, Davis, Doolittlc, Edmunds, Grimes,
Guthrie, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson. Kn-kwood,
Lane, McDougall, Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Po-
land, Pomoroy, Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, Irum-
bull. Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—2D.
ABSENT—Messrs. Crasin, Creswell, Dixon, Har-
ris, Howard, Howe, Riddle, Saulsbury, Wright, and
Yates—10.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in. It .
was ordered that the amendments be engrossed
and the bill bo read a third tim#.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been ordered to a third reading and is not now
open to amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I presume there will be
no objection to my offering the amendment.
I was on the floor before the question was put.
I move to reconsider the vote ordering the
amendments to be engrossed and the bill to be
read a third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator can
accomplish his object by introducing his prop-
osition as a simple resolution of the Senate. I
hope, therefore, he will do it in that way, if
there is any objection to it now.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The proposition that I
have sent to the Chair is simply to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint a
commission consisting of two officers of the
Department and one other person to investi-
gate into the bonded warehouse system, and
to repoft to Congress the facts in regard to it.
It is a subject in which I have a deep interest.
I know that the country is suffering from the
present administration of that system. This
seems to me to be a proper provision to be
attached to this'bill, as it is essentially one
connected'with the revenue. I ask the Sen-
ate at any rate to listen to the reading of the
proposition before they give it the, go-by.
Mr. CONNESS. What is the proposition
of the Senator?
Mr. SPRAGUE. The proposition is for the
appointment of a commission by the Secretary
of the Treasury to investigate the bonded ware-
house system.
Mr. CONNESS. Is it offered as an amend -
ment?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer it as an additional
section.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to hear it
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
now before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is certainly proper to
read the amendment so as to show the object
of reconsidering the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. ANTHONY. Undoubtedly; but is it
not competent for the Senator who makes
that motion to read the amendment which he
proposes to offer, so that the Senate may judge
whether to reconsider or not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the proposition will be read.
Mr. GRIMES. He has no right to read it.
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly he has.
Mr. GRIMES. If that were so you could
debate the whole question on the single ques-
tion of reconsideration.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is a courtesy that I
have never known to be refused before in the
Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. If it is put as a question of
courtesy, that is one thing; if it is put as a
question of parliamentary law, that is another
