8110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Secretary of tlie Treasury. I believe the dis-
cretion was properly confided to him a year
ago to do what he was then authorized to
do, and I believe it is necessary now. Least
of all did I expect that objection would be
made to the proposition on political grounds.
The politics of the Secretary would not make
any difference in the vote which I should
give on such a subject, because I think it is
necessary that we should intrust the Secretary
of the Treasury and all the Secretaries at the
head of the various Executive Departments
with the power that is necessary to enable them
to discharge the duties confided to them by the
positions which they hold. A great deal must
depend necessarily upon the organization of
the Departments, and the proper and appro-
priate positions which the various clerks hold,
and the business to which they devote them-
selves. I recollect that when I went into the
Treasury Department the whole Mexican war
debt remained unsettled, and there was an
immense amount of unsettled accounts in the
Department. The suggestion was made, and
in some instances it was allowed by Congress,
to liavo additional clerks employed. 1 soon
found, however, that,the business of the Depart-
ment was delayed by clerks who knew nothing
of the proper business, and that experts wore
needed.
There was a band of clerks consisting of
from ten to twelve who were sent from Depart-
ment to Department to bring up the arrear-
ages, and these were the ablest and best clerks
that could be selected in the Departments, and
with their aid the arrearages were brought up
and soon brought up. When any Department
of the Government is in arrear in the settle-
ment of its accounts the head of the Depart-
ment must sec to it that they are brought up,
and he must, use the means that arc within his
power. Any mail at the head of a Department
will soon learn that there are certain men who
lia\e beioine experts, who ale industrious,
faithful, and diligent in the discharge of their
business, while there are others who never can
be improved, and never arc improved as long
as they stay there.
1 think this provision is necessary for the
Treasury Department; and at no time since
the beginning of the Government has that De-
partment hail more need of an efficient body
of clerks than it lias now. The foreign trade
of the country is just, commencing anew after
the war under a system of duties that must
necessarily he lii^li. The questions arising
under internal duties, which are very extensive
and require a groat many assessors and col-
lectors and vigilant otlicers, are thrown upon
the Treasury Department. All the accounts
for money coming into the Treasury and money
paid out are set lied at the Treasury Depart-
ment according to the system established by
Alexander Hamilton, and no Secretary since
his day has attempted materially to change the
system. All moneys coming into the Treasury
are paid in (he Treasury upon warrant, and all
moneys paid out arc paid upon warrant; and
it is necessary for the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to have an able and efficient and sufficient
corps of clerks to discharge the duties. The
Government, never can understand and know
that these officers are faithful unless they have
a Secretary over them in whom they can con-
fide and trust with such conlidence as is pro-
posed by this amendment. 1 understand that
they have been organizing for years past an
Internal Revenue Bureau, extensive in officers,
extensive in new legal questions and new reg-
ulations. Our condition is such that of course
it was impossible to have experts in that busi-
ness, and the only way was to train them up,
and they must obtain knowledge and become
experienced in that branch by intercourse with
the other branches of the Treasury Depart-
ment.
I am sorry for the distrust that is manifested
and expressed in relation to the Secretary of
the Lreasury. I knew him in the State of
Indiana, where he bad the reputation of being
an honest man, and I have never hoard any-
thing to the contrary. I believe he is dis-
charging his duties to the best of his skill and
ability, and I think it is the interest of the
nation now that he should have not only the
confidenccof the President, but the confidence
of Congress and the confidence of the country.
I eau hardly bo said to belong to the Gov-
ernment party, though I have always been a
Union man, and raised my voice and made
what efforts I could to preserve the unity of
the country. But if I wero otherwise, and if
I came here to fill a place, I would not cripple
the Government in any of its Departments by
depriving it of the ability and the capacity to
make a fair and honest administration of that
Department.
I think we can fairly trust this matter to the
Secretary of the Treasury. I think the major-
ity should have confidence in him. . I wish they
had larger confidence and more trust in the
South than they seem to have. I have not
quarreled with them because they differed with
me. 1 would not cripple the Government in
any of its Departments or any of its operations
so as thereby to bring it into disgrace. I think
it very singular if we should refuse its author-
ity because the Secretary may have made a
political speech which is distasteful to us. I
think it very likely that I should not have made
such a speech, one which, it is said, called Con-
gress in question; but f will not for that rea-
son cripple him in the management of his
Department.
1 think it is unfortunate for the country that
Congress has differed with the President; but
still it is the Government of the United States;
it is the Administration of the Union party who
have suppressed this rebellion, and who look
to the conciliation and restoration of these
States ; and I hope and trust we shall hot let
a little distrust of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury induce us to cripple a most important
Department of Government.
Why, sir, the New York brokers and deal-
ers can furnish arguments pro and con in rela-
tion to the sale of this gold that it would take
Congress to sit and decide the right and jus-
tice of it as long as we have been settlingabout
admitting the southern States, and we should
come, I suppose, to about just as satisfactory
a conclusion among ourselves that we have now
in relation to the Secretary of the Treasury.
1 trust that on reflection the Senate will see
the necessity of passing this amendment and
putting the Secretary of the Treasury in a con-
dition to discharge his duties faithfully, hon-
estly, and successfully.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the amendment di-
visible ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a
motion to strike out and insert.' In the opin-
ion of the Chair it is not divisible.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I hope the Senate
will vole against the amendment, and then I
shall propose to strike out the House propo-
sition also.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—-yeas 18, nays 17; as follows:
YHAS—Messrs. Anthony, Conn ess, Davis, Doolit-
t.lc, Fessendcn, Foster, Unthrie. Harris, Hcndricks.
Johnson, Morgan, Norton, lliddic,, Saulhbury, Sher-
man, Van Winkle, Willi nms, and Yate^—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cragin, Creswell, Ed-
munds, Grimes, Howard, llowe, Kirkwood, Lane of
Indiana, Nve, Poland, Ramsey, Spraguo, Stewart,
Irumhull, Wade, and Wilson—17.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Buckalcw, Clark,
Cowan, Dixon, Henderson, Lane of Kansas, Mc-
Dougall. Morrill, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Sumner, Wil-
lcy, and Wright—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out from the appropria-
tions for the Treasury Department lines three
hundred and eighty-eight, three hundred and
eighty-nine, three hundred and ninety, and
three hundred and ninety-one, as follows:
For compensation of additional clerks who may bo
omploycd by the Secretary according to tho exigen-
cies of the public service, and additional compensa-
tion for extra labor of clerks in his office, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to line four hundred and forty-one.
The Committee on Finance proposed, in line
four hundred and forty-one, to increase the ap-
propriation "for stationery for the Treasury
Department and its several bureaus" from
5100,000 to $125,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of the
bill as follows:
For compensation of twelve watchmen and eleven
laborers of the Southeast Executive Building, $16,-
560.
Mr. FESSENDEN. An amendment is needed
there. The amount of the appropriation should
be 813,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to the following clause, lines four hundred
and fifty-five to four hundred and fifty-eight.,
namely:
For compensation of the Secretary of the Interior,
Assistant Secretary, chief clerk, and the clerks, mes-
senger, assistant messengers, watchmen, and labor-
era ill his office, $48,700.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That needs alteration.
The amount appropriated should be $46,380
instead of $-18,700. I move that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next clause was read as follows :
For compensation of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, chief clcrlt, recorder, draughtsman,
assistant draughtsman, clerks, messengers, assistant
messengers, packers, watchmen, and laborers in his
office, $178,200.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That needs amend-
ment also. The appropriation should be
$175,440.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to line four hundred and seventy-seven.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to reduce the
appropriation for the compensation of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, clerks, mes-
senger, &c., in his office, in lines four hun-
dred and seventy-six and four hundred and
seventy-seven, from $32,000 to $31,940. '
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the next clause I
move to reduce tho appropriation, in lines four
hundred and eighty and four hundred and
eighty-one, for the Commissioner of Pensions
and the clerks, &c., in his office, from $216,-
920 to $215,240.
The amendment was agreed to.
'The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to line five hundred and eighty-eight.
The committee proposed in line five hundred
and eighty-five to strike out ''fLaws, page
452.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is merely a ver-
bal amendment; the words are unnecessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert after
the word "concerned," in line five hundred
and seventy-seven, these words :
Including legal assistance to tho Attorney General
and other special and extraordinary expenditures in
cases in tho Supreme Court of the United States, in
which the United States are concerned.
So as to make the clause read:
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme Court
anddistncts courts of the United States, including the
District of Columbia, and also for jurors and wit-
nesses, in aid of funds arising from fines, penalties,
for\e^ures, m the fiscal year ending June 30,
186/, and previous years, and likewise for delraying
the expenses of suits in -which the United States are
concerned, including legal assistance to the Attorney
general and otnerspecial and extraordinary expend-
itures m cases in the Supreme Court of the United
States 111 which tho United States are concerned, and
?t l,ros®puti°ns for offenses committed again it tho
United States, and for tho safe-keeping of prisoners,
m addition to tho unexpended balances of appro-
priations to the credit of the judiciary fund on June
30,1866, required to meet the expenses of the courts
being reestablished in the southern States, so much
of the act of March 2,1865, carrying said unexpended
balances of appropriations into the Treasury being,
and the same is hereby, repealed, $300,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
