1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
time suspend the rules to dispense with the
reading.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to suspend the
rules so as to dispense with the reading.
Mr. BROOKS. I raise the point of order
that the gentleman cannot move to suspend
the rules to dispense with the reading until the
reading has commenced.
Mr. BING-HAM. I move to suspend the
rules so as to dispense entirely with the reading.
Mr. BROOKS. How many motions can the
gentleman make?
The SPEAKER. He can make as_ many
motions as the gentleman can make points of
order, having the floor to make them. This is
an independent motion. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bixgiiam] moves the printing of the
memorial, the testimony, and the accompanying
documents. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Bkooks] objects and calls for the reading
of the testimony. The gentleman from Ohio
then moves to suspend the rules for the purpose
of dispensing with the reading.
Mr. ELDLuDCE. I heard no objection made.
The gentleman from New York called for the
reading of the testimony.
Mr. BROOKS. I merely called for the
reading.
The SPEAKER. Ho had a right to demand
the reading, but the gentleman from Ohio moves
to suspend the rules so as to dispense with the
rending.
Mr. BROOKS. J want the record made
right.. 1 do not now know whether f should
object to (ho printing of those papers or not,
because I do not know what (hey contain.
The SPKA KER. The ('hair so understands,
and sustained the gentleman in his right to
demand the reading of the evidence under the
rule; whereupon the Chair ordered the Clerk
to commence the reading. Thereupon the gen-
t Ionian from Ohio [Mr. Bixcham] moved to
suspend the rule giving a member the right to
Call for the reading of a paper, which he had
the right to do.
The question was then taken upon suspend-
ing the rules, and upon a division there were
—ayes one hundred and seventeen, noes not
counted.
Two thirds voting in tlit; allirinative, the rule
allowing a member to require the reading of a,
paper was suspended.
The motion of Mr. Bixciu\m, that, the me-
morial, accompanying papers, and testimony
be printed, was then agioed to.
Mr. UOCERS. 1 ask leave to present a
short minority report, which I ask to have read.
Mr. W'ASI 11>('! ,N E, of Illinois. I object
to the reading of tin; minority report, but I
have no objection to its reception.
The minority report, submitted by Mr. Roe-
Ki;s, -was received and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBUKNK, of Illinois. J desire
to state that the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bor'rwr-i.b] and myself dissent from the
report of the majority of the joint committee on
reconstruction. We therefore ask leave to sub-
mit our views hereafier.
Mr. CONKMNO. t move that each mem-
ber of the committee be allowed to tile his
views hereafter upon this subject.
The motion was agreed to.
M r. SPA LDIXG. 1 now move that tin; vari-
ous minority reports which may hereafier be
offered, under the order just ottered, be printed
for the use of this House.
The motion was agreed to.
exrou,i:d bills stoxkd.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled, Senate bills of the follow-
ing titles, and the Speaker signed the same,
namely:
An act (S. No. 93) to quiet the title to cer-
tain lands within the corporate limits of the
city oi San Francisco ; and
An act (S. No. 142) for the relief of the heirs
of James Bawdin.
ADVERTISING FOR NAVY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting, in compliance with the resolution
of the House of February 11, I860, a statement
of the amounts paid for advertising during the
year 1S65 5 which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing, and ordered to be printed.
SEA AND LAKE COAST HAUB0IIS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of January 29,18GG, the report of the
chief Engineer in regard to harbors on the sea
and lake coast where public works have been
built.
Mr. ELIOT moved that the communication
be printed, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
AVAGON ROAD IN NEVADA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of February 10, 1806, transmitting the
report of Colonel James A. Sawyer, superin-
tendent of the wagon road from Niobrara to
Virginia City, of his explorations: which was
laid 011 the table, and ordered to be printed.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the con-
sent, of the House to lay before it a communi-
cation, which will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Statu of Noiitii Cvroli.vv,
Executive Dwaktment,
llALi'MCir, N. ('., Job) uun?2$, 1806.
Sin: I herewith inclose to you resolutions of the
Gonei.il A^rmbly ol (his State, accepting hinds do-
nated by the Congress of the United States, by act
pitted July 2,1802, entitled 11 An act donating public
lands to the scveial HtcitesundTenitoiies wluehmay
provide school^ for the ber.etit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts."
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JONATHAN WORTH,
Governor of North (JaroUnn.
I Ion. SeilUYM-'it Colfax, Speaker of the House of Rep-
re,scntt((ivcN, Wash/noton, D. ('.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I object to the reception
of that paper.
The SPEAKER. The question will tlicnbe
taken upon receiving the paper.
Mr. BROO KS. (rpon what ground does the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
object to the reception of this paper?
Mr. STEVENS. [ object to it because it is
perfectly welt known that at present wo do not
recognize the State government, of North Car-
olina, and I hope, we will be consistent in all
U MnEEORIOCE.^ 1 call the yeas and nays
upon the question of receiving the communi-
cation which has just been read.
'The House divided; and there were—ayes
2"), noes 70.
So (one fifth of the members present voting
in the affirmative) the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
'fhe question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas oS, nays 100, not voting
•13; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs, Dolos R. Ashley, Borden, Brooks,
Cha.nler, l)avK Demson, Kldndge, Pinck, Goodyear,
Urider, ll.'le, A.non 11 aid me-, flosan, Kdw'm N. Ilub-
b<dl, James Humphrey, Kerr, Kuvkendall. Latham,
Marshall, Melt ler, Newell, Niblaek, Nicholson,
Noell, Phelps, Bedford, Raymond, Hitter, Rogers,
Uoss, ltou-^eau, Shanklm, Taber, Taylor, Thornton,
Trimble, AVhaley, and Winticld—08.
NAVP —Meal's. Alley, Allien Ames, Anderson,
James M. A&hley, iJaker, Banks, Barker, Baxter,
iicaiuan, Benjamin,Btowell. Bingham, Blaine, Bout-
well, Urandegee, BromwcH, liroomall, Buekland,
Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Cobb. Coo'.,., Cullom, Delicti,
Doming, Donnelly,. Di-igors, Dumont, Eekley, Eliot,
Karnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Grinnell, Abner C.
Harding, Ilayes, Henderson, Jhgby, liill, Holmes,
Hooper, Hotc hki^, Asahcl\V. Hubbard, Dcmas Hub-
bard, John If. Hubbard. Jame? R.Hubheil. llulburd,
Ingcrsoll, Jenekcs, Julian, Kellev, Kelso, Kctchani,
William Lawrence, Lynch, Marston, McClurg, Me-
ICec, Miller, Morris, Moulton, Myers, O'Neill, Orth,
I Paine, Patterson. Perhara, Pike, Price, William H,
I Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Riee, Rollms,
j Sawyer, Schcnck, Seolield, Shellabarger, Sloan,
! Spalding-, Stevens, StilwelhThaver, Francis Thomas,
} John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
| Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Mihu
1 B, Washburne, Henry D. Washburn. Wciker, Went-
worth, Williams, James I\ Wilson, Stephen V. Wil-
son, Windom, and Woodbriclge—100.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ancona, Baldwin, Blow,
Boyer, Reader W. Clarke, Coftroth, Conkling, Culver,
Darling?, Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Dixon, Eggle?ton,
Garfield, Glossbrcnner, Griswold, Harris, Hart, Ches-
ter D. Hubbard, James M. Humphrey, Johnson,
Jones, Kasson, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Le
Blond, Loan, Longyear, Marvin. MeCullough, Mc-
Indoe, Mercur, Moorhead, Morrill. Plants, Pomeroy,
Samuel J. Randall, Sitgreaves, Smith, Starr, Strouse,
Ward, William B. Washburn, and Wright—15.
So the House refused to receive the commu-
nication.
During the roll-call,
Mr. McKEE announced that his colleague,
Mr. Smith, was detained from the House by
sickness.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, stated
that he had paired with his colleague, Mr.
Axcoxa.
Mr. DRIGGS announced that his colleague,
Mr. Loxgyeaii, had been imperatively called
away.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. STEVEN'S moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONDITION OF TII13 TUKASUltY.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
ticaohed, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
is hereby, requested to prepare a statement showing
the amount of money now 111 the United States Treas-
ury, including all sums in the hands of Assistant
Treasurers, of the national banks, and all other de-
positaries, designating the amount in each sepa-
rately, and report tho same to this llousc.
The SPEAK Kit. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
nccossary for its consideration at this time.
There being 110 objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
I'AKDONS BY TUB PJU^IDUNT, ETC.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
llesohed> That the President bo requested, if not
incoiiMi-tent with the public interest, to communi-
cate to this House the following information, to wit:
t« how many persons worth more than $20,000 each
he lias lulled special paidons, and wha.t are their
names; how much property, real, personal, and mixed,
which has been seized as foifeited to the United
States, under the act of lh(>2, as enemies' property,
ho^ been taken from the officers of the United States
and returned to the enemies ot the Government, who
claimed to bo the original owners; and to state
whether the peisons upon whom it was so bestowed
had been soldier* in tho armyol the so-called confed-
erate States of America, or had been gi\mg aid and
comiort to such belligerent enemy.
R<soIv<d, That he be ai^o requested to state how
much abandoned im>pettv which had been taken
po^osion of by the United Slates under the act of
t'ongi e>.->, and hud been allotted to the iieedmen and
occupied by them, has been ordered to be restored to
returning rebels, and the occupants (heedmcn; dis-
placed, stating 111 both the above cases the particu-
lar property thus restored, and by whote order tho
same was done.
The SPEAKKU. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
accessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
Buirisn claims.
Mr. BANKS presented a letter from the
Secretary of State in relation to a claim pre-
sented by tho British legation; which was
x'eferrefl to the. Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
KVCNtMI HKSSIOX.
Mi-. BLAINE. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Resold, That on and after this date the House,
until otherwise ordered, will take a recess daily, ex-
cept on 3a tui day, at four and a half o'clock p. m.and
reassemble at seven and ahalf o'clockp. m.; ana that
in addition to the mornim? hour now provided for
there shall be an additional hour each evening from
seven and a half to eight and a halt o'clock, devoted
to receiving reports from committees, to be called in
regular order, under the same rules and restrictions
thax govern the morning hour; and the hour thus sat
apart and the regular morning hour shall not be in-
terrupted by p.ivileged questions or reports until all
the committees shall have been called once.
Mr. OONKLING-. I trust that that resolu-
tion will not be adopted.
