1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2151
marshal general, with the rank, pay. and emoluments
of a brigadier general: and one assistant provostmar-
shal general, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
a colonel of cavalry; and all matters relating to the
recruitment of the Army and the arrest of deserters
shall be placed under the direct ion and control oi this
bureau, under such regulations as the Secretary of
War may prescribe.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to strike -out
section twenty of the bill. My objection to
this section is that it creates an unnecessary
office for an undeserving public servant; it
fastens as an incubus upon the country a hate-
ful instrument of war. which deserve no place
in a free Government in time of peace.
I have never heard any very serious attempt
to justify by argument the permanent continu-
ance of an officer whose administration during
the war has had in it so little to commend and
so much to condemn. But I have heard an
effort made to prove the propriety of this sec-
tion by charging it to the Lieutenant General
of the Army, and by saying that he had found
a necessity for continuing, in time of peace,
the Bureau of the Provost Marshal General.
In order that the House may see how true this
allegation is, I send to the Clerk's desk and ask
! o have read copies of letters which have been
furnished to me, the first a letter addressed to
the Lieutenant General by a Senator of the
United States.
The Clerk read, as_ follows :
United States Senate Chamber,
Washington, March 17,1866.
General: The House bill for the organization of
the Army contains a provision creating a permanent
Provost Marshal's Bureau, with a brigadier general
at its head; also placing tlic recruiting service in its
charge.
It has been unofficially reported to me that this
was done in consequence of a lecommendation of
yours to that ell net.
I should be pleased to know if such is the case, as
I had labored under the impression from conversa-
tion with officeio ot the Avmy that such a step v, as
not a judicious one and tended only to increase the
number of bureaus and officers of the Army with an
increase of expenditure without any coi responding
efficiency or benefit
If my impressions are erroneous I would like to
have them corrected.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. W. NESM1TIL
Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, &e.
Mr. CONKLING. I now send the answer
of the Lieutenant General.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Washington, D. C., MarchVS, 1866.
DcarSik: Yours of the 17th instant, stating that
it had been intimated that I had recommended tho
continuance of tho Provost Marshal General's de-
partment and the transfer of tho recruiting service
to if, is received.
Some mo nths since a paper was referred to me show-
ing rue great number oi desertions from the Army
and asking for suggestions to put a. stop to tnem. Xo
that paper L suggested anumberof cliangesin oiders
governing the recruiting service, and leeommendcd
that the whole matter be put in charge of the Pro-
vost Marshal General, who could devote more atten-
tion to it than the Adjutant General with all his other
duties could. I am opposed, however, to multiplying
bureaus, and I think there is no necessity for a Pro-
vost Marshal General. In fact, if we had to organize
the Army anew, I would not have as many bureaus
as we now have. In my opinion, the country would
be just as well and much more economically served if
the coast surve> ing duties were added to the Engi-
neer .Buieau, and tlie quartermaster, subsistence,
and pay departments were merged into one. I would
not recommend a change now, however, but would
not make any increase of bureaus.
Very truly, yours, U. S. GRANT,
Lievtenant General.
Hon. J. W. Nesjiith, United States Senator.
A true copy : GEOUGE K. LEET,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Mr. CONKLING. The reasons which no
doubt the writer of that letter has for deeming
the Provost Marshal and liis bureau an unne-
cessary appendage to the peace establishment
of the country appear at considerable length
ill a communication which I have here, but
which I will not, unless it becomes necessary,
have read. It is a communication from the
acting head of the Adjutant General's Office.
We all know that during our history thus far
we have always managed without a bureau of
this kind to recruit the regular Army, and that
no need of it has ever been felt in maintaining
the nsual military establishment. The Provost
Marshal's Bureau was a temporary expedient
resorted to in an extreme emergency to Siring
volunteers hastily to the field. Its mission is
ended, and it should be buried out of sight.
The communication in my hand shows that if
reestablished now for the purpose of superin-
tending recruiting for the regular Army—and it
can beapplied to no otlierpurpose—the expense
of the recruiting service will be largely in-
creased, that no greater efficiency will be at-
tained, that a necessity will be created for dupli-
cating records, for a new supply of apartments,
of clerks, of agents; in short, of the various
arrangements connected with recruiting, anil-
that absolutely no good result can be accom-
plished by it.
I state it thus strongly and briefly, and I
will cause the details to be read if tho reading
shall be called for hereafter.
There is one thing—1 know of but one—for
this bureau to do before leaving the public
presence, and that is to close its accounts, so
as to allow tho War Department and the coun-
try to know precisely what has become of the
twenty-five million and odd dollars which, un-
der tho act of March 13, 18(52,wentto its credit.
Sixteen million and some odd dollars have been
expended, and nine million and odd dollars
remain as a balance to the credit of the fund;
and whenever the bureau will close its accounts,
or will enable them to be closed, as they never
will be until the bureau is wound up, it will
perform its sole remaining function.
If the administration had been ever so able,
the time has come when the whole system of
provost marshals should be numbered with the
grievous memories of a bloody and terrible
epoch.
Bill there are yet other grounds of objection.
I protest against any promotion or reward for
the officer whose inteiests are involved in this
section. He holds already the rank of lieuten-
ant colonel in the staff department. Indeed,
by accident, if the pending bill shall pass, ho
will be elevated to yet a higher grade ; but as
he stands now, his pay amounts to $3,500, or
thereabouts. I think that, for the present, is
enough for him. He has suffered nothing and
lost nothing in war that I ever heard of, and I
protest, in the name of my people and in tho
name of the people of the western division of
New York, against perpetuating a power under
which they have suffered, beyond the capacity
of any man adequately to state in the time
allotted to me.
Central and western Now York have a right
to feel and do feel deeply on this subject. My
constituents remember, and other constituen-
cies remember, wrongs done them too great for
forgetfulness and almost, for belief by the creat-
ures of this bureau and by its head.
We in the western division of New York
had sent to rule over us as assistant provost
marshal general an officer of the Veteran Re-
serve corps; a man who never saw a battle,
who never received a scratch or suffered a day's
sickness in the military service; a man honored
with the especial personal intimacy and confi-
dence of the Provost Marshal General, and
who in a marked and ostentatious degree re-
flected the will and the favor of his chief. He
had been for some time in tho office of the
Provost Marshal General here in Washington ;
be was liis crony and confidant, and sustained
with him, as events proved, relations of great
personal intimacy. This spokesman, so trusted
and so fortunate, did not come to us alone.
There came at the same time other creatures
of the head of the bureau at Washington. The
western division swarmed with these chosen
favorites, and they illustrated to the full the
genius and the morale of their mission.
By acts of their own. and by acts done by
their superior at Washington, they turned the
business of recruiting and drafting into one
carnival of corrupt disorder, into a paradise of
coxcombs and thieves.
False quotas were put upon us; exaggerated
telegrams and orders were sent to our boards
of supervisors. We were victimized by con-
stant uncertainty and deception. In my own
district, uiideroneeall. S43S,000was wrongfully
wrung from an outraged and groaning people.
Officers of this bureau who sought to stem the
tide of fraud were removed without warning,
and the whole machinery of the Government
was subjected to miscreants and robbers.
Communities petitioned and remonstrated ia
vain. The most palpable wrongs were refused
redress. Men immeasurably tho superiors of
General Fry represented and protested, but
they were spurned with magnificent disdain.
Never was "the insolence of office" more
offensively portrayed than it was by this man
whom it is proposed to decorate and enrich.
If there was no design at headquarters to
do wrong there-was a capacity to muddle, to
befog, to misunderstand facts, and to misread
and misstate figures and simple results, which,
is nearly inconceivable.
I was employed by the Government to pros-
ecute some of the frauds to which I have re-
ferred ; and I tried this assistant provost mar-
shal general, who had been justified in all the
outrages he committed and in all the acts by
which millions were stolen from tho people of
Now York; who was justified by his superior
officer down to the time when the sentence was
published, and afterward, I understand. He
was accused and convicted of the basest forms
of official atrocity; the most monstrous acts of
bribery, oppression, and wrong were chargcd
against him and proved against him. And
although he disgorged some two hundred thou-
sand dollars, I see it stated in a newspaper that
the other day he purchased in the city of Phil-
adelphia an establishment for which he paid
down $71,000. He was utterly poor when he
entered this bureau; and yet, after all he
yielded up, and after paying a fine of $10,000,
it seems that still ho is rich.
And this was not an isolated case; far from
it. On the contrary, I say, and I may en-
deavor on a future occasion to show in detail,
that there never has been in human history a
greater mockery and a greater burlesque upon
honest administration than the conduct of this
bureau, taking the whole country together. It
will turn out that of the seven or eight hundred
thousand men for whom, not to whom, because
they did not get them, enormous bounties
were paid, not to exceed three hundred thou-
sand, I believe not two hundred thousand,
ever reached the front.
[Here the hammer fell, j
Mr. BLAINE obtained the floor.
Mr. WARD. I hope unanimous consent
will be given my colleague [Mr. Coxklxno] to
proceed.
Mr. BOSS. I object.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 am in a very weakly con-
dition of health to make the brief explanation
due to the Military Committee. But I wish to
state why the committee reported this section
of the bill in regard to which the gentleman
from New York shows so much feeling.
1 believe that among tho earliest acts of the
gentleman from New York at this session of
Congress was the introduction of a resolution,
which was adopted by this House, directing
the War Department to report upon the expe-
diency of abolishing the office of Provost Mar-
shal General. In the routine of business the
answer of the Secretary ot U ar came to the
Military Committee, and among tho papers
was a letter from Lieutenant General Grant.
There was an elaborate paper also from Gen-
eral Townsend. They were referied to a sub-
committee. The committee, upon a full review
of the papers, and especially of the letter of
Lieutenant. General Grant, reported this sec-
tion. The gentleman from New York has read
a letter from the Lieutenant General, which
practically recalls the recommendations of the
letter on which the committee acted ; but I
desire the Clerk to read the letter of Lieutenant
General Grant, which was the authorization,
.in the judgment of the committee, for inserting
the section.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Headquarters At.my op the TJktted States,
Washington, December 14,1865.
Sir : In reply to your letter of tho loth instant, in
reference to desertions, I would make the following
remarks: I do not think the present method of ro-
1 eruitmg, as carried out, sufficient to fill up the rogu-
