1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. '
Mr. ANTHONY. I put it on general par-
liamentary law.
Mr. GRIMES. The fact is nobody can tell
how many commissions we have already had
appointed under different laws passed at this
session.
Mr. ANTHONY. I submit that a Senator
in moving a reconsideration has a right to state
the reason why he moves it; that he moves it
with a view of offering the following amend-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. He has stated it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the reading of the proposed amend-
ment? The Chair hears none, and it will be
rend.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I desire to say that the
Senator from Rhode Island was clearly upon
the floor and stated his proposed amendment
before the Chair announced the vote. The
Chair did not observe the Senator; but he
certainly made his motion in time. I shall
therefore vote for the reconsideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
regrets that he did not observe the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. I feel bound to say that
I was sitting here beside the Senator from
Rhode Island, and he rose to make his motion
before the action of the Senate upon the com-
mittee's amendments, but took his seat, until
they should be disposed of, and the question
wjs put before he had an opportunity of offer-
ing the amendment. I hope, therefore, the
Senate will allow him to offer the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. It will only take a single
moment!,o have the proposed amendment read.
I do not know that I shall agree with the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, but I should like to
hoar his amendment read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury shall appoint a commission, consisting of
the [statistician of the Treasury Department, the col-
lectorof the porfcof New York, and oneothor person,
who shall investigate the advantages or disadvan-
tages growingout ofthe laws creatingandregulating
bonded warehouses, and to report at thonextsession
of Congress the amount of revenue, if any, that would
probably be saved to the Treasury if the duties upon
imported goods were paid at the date of entry, and
if thereby a more honest administration of the rev-
enue laws and a greater security from fraud there-
upon would be scoured, and also as to any conditions
that may exist in the laws aforesaid or the adminis-
tration thereof, incontrastwith tlieinternalrevenuo
laws that are, where competition exists, more favor-
able to the foreign than the homo manufacture,
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, Shall the vote ordering the amend-
ments to be engrossed and the bill read a third
time be reconsidered?
Mr. CONNESS. If that vote were recon-
sidered I would not like to vote for the amend-
ment in the shape the Senator has presented
it, and therefore I do not feel inclined to re-
consider it for him. I think the amendment
is rather partially drawn up. I could tell by
the reading of it that it was written by some
person who was utterly opposed to the whole
warehousing system. It casts an onus upon
the system in almost every line.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The merits
of the proposition are not before the Senate.
Mr CONNESS. I do not propose discussing
the merits of the question.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, Shall the vote ordering the amend-
ments to be engrossed and the bill to be read
a third time bo reconsidered?
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I now offer my amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend it by
striking out all the designations of individuals
and providing simply that the commission shall
consist of three persons to be appointed by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
ilr. SPRAGUE. I accept that modifica-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not satisfactory to
me even with that modification. I should like
to hear it read as it now stands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not in favor of it.
I shall vote against it; but if it passes, it ought
to be changed in that way.
The Secretary read the amendment, as mod-
ified, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary ofthe
Treasury shall appoint a commission, consisting of
three persons, who shall investigate the advantages
or disadvantages growing outof thelaws creating and
regal atingbonHed warehouses forimportedgoods, and
to report at the next session of Congress tho amount
of revenue, if any, that would probably be saved to
the Treasury if the duties upon imported goods were
paid at tho date of entry, and if thereby a more hon-
est administration of the revenue laws and a greater
security from fraud thereupon would be secured, and
also as to any conditions that may exist in the laws
aforesaid, or the administration thereof, in contrast
with the internal revenue laws, that are, whereeom-
petition exists, more favorable to the foreign than to
the homo manutacturer.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Chinese-wallpol-
icy of shutting out all ingress to our country
from foreign lands with foreign fabrics has
been pretty pertinaciously maintained by the
Senator from Rhode Island, who has become
the champion of that policy. What this prop-
osition strikes at is running that policy in its
furthest extreme. The warehousing system
of the United States is well understood, and
it has been discussed frequently. No commis-
sion is required to inform the Senate or House
of Representatives as to how it operates. It
may make a job for some individuals, but only
raises a useless question, and involves an inti-
mation ou the record that the system operates
as a fraud upon the revenue of the united
States. The warehousing system is demanded,
and we have it in very excellent shape now.
It has been carefully canvassed and discussed,
and nothing but a Chinese-wall policy would
lead to the introduction of any such proposi-
tion as this.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out all after the word
"Congress," in the following words:
The amount of revenue, if any, that would proba-
bly bo saved to tho Treasury if tho duties mien im-
ported goods were paid at the duto of entry, and if
thereby amore honest administration of the revenue
laws and a greater security from fraud thereupon
would be secured, and also as to any conditions that
may exist in the laws aforesaid, or tho administra-
tion thereof, in contrast with the internal revenue
laws, that are, where competition exists, more favor-
able to the foreign than to the home manufacture.
So that the amendment, if amended, will
read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury shall appoint a
commission, consisting of three persons, who shall
investigate tho advantages ordisadvantages growing
out of the lawscreating andregulating bonded ware-
houses for imported goods, and to report at the next
session of Congress.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I trust that that amend-
ment to the amendment will not be agreed to.
The object I have is to designate some few of
the points upon which it is desirable that this
commission shall investigate. Tho first of the
persons who wore suggested by myself in draw-
ing this amendment was one who had been in
the Department for many years, and who is con-
versant with all the laws regulating this Depart-
ment of the Government as well as every other.
It was, therefore, with the purpose of facili-
tating the objects of the commission that I
named him, without in the slightest degree
embarrassing or in any way prejudicing their
views.
The object of appointing the collector of the
port of New York was because he is, probably,
in a situation to judge better than any other
man in the country as to the workings of the
system, without desiring to prejudice the opin-
ions which might be made for or against the
system. The collector of the port of New York
comes directly in contact with the interests of
the importer; and if I had a design to preju-
dice this commission in favor of the home man-
ufacturer by the appointment of persons who
would favor that idea, it would certainly not
be accomplished by the appointment of the
man who is constantly in contact with this
class of the trade of our eountr}'. I had no
such view. The object which I desire is sim-
ply to obtain this information. 1 believe the
Senate and the country are not informed as
to the workings-of this system. I do not care
ho'w much discussion has been had upon it in
in this Chamber or elsewhere, there is nothing
in human affairs that will not be illustrated
higher and better as time rolls round and as
experience brings forth new light on the sub-
ject. The only object that I have is to obtain-
light on this subject.
I repudiate the suggestion of the Senator
from California that I desire to build up a
Chinese wall between this country and foreign
countries. My object is to introduce into this
country all that is good in foreign countries
and make it our own, that we may illustrate the
greatness and glory of our own country. Sir,
when I have a feeling to promote any one in-
terest that may be to the disadvantage of this
country, or in any way taint its escutcheon, or
any desire to promote one interest at the ex-
pense of another, may my tongue cease to
speak and my hand to obey any emotion of my
will. I have no such desire. It seems to me
that Senators are remarkably sensitive on this
subject. When simple truth is desired to be
illustrated, when simple information upon a
topic which has been discussed heretofore is
sought, I am surprised that there should be
hesitation upon such a subject, when upon all
other subjects the Senate have exhibited the
greatest desire for information.
Mr. POMEROY. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator to amend the portion proposed to be
stricken out by substituting the word "equi-
table'' for "honest." Tho language is, a "more
honest administration." That is a little re-
flection on the system; but if the word was
"equitable," I think we could vote for the
amendment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will accept that sugges-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is not in order, there being an amendment
to an amendment now pending.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 hope we shall have a
vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us have a vote.
Everybody understands the question.
Mr. POMEROY. It is always customary to
amend the clause proposed to be stricken out
before tho question is taken on striking it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The amend-
ment of the Senator from California is an
amendment to an amendment, and the Chair
thinks it is not further amendable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator from
California will withdraw his amendment and
let us take a vote.
Mr. CONNESS. I am willing to do that,
but the portion of tho amendment which I have
moved to strike out is very offensive in its lan-
guage to me. It alleges frauds in the system.
I deny that that system generates frauds, and
I do not wish to vote for that. Nevertheless,
I am willing to withdraw the amendment and
allow the vote to be taken.
Mr. POMEROY. As the Senator from
Rhode Island says that he accepts my amend-
ment, it becomes a modification of his amend-
ment.
Mr. GUTHRIE. This proposition involves
the question whether we are to have the ware-
house system or cash payments, whether our
merchants shallpay their duties according to the
warehouse system, or whether we are to have
cash payments upon the importation. In olden
times wo gave tlieni credit upon the duties and
look tho bonds of merchants. When we abol-
ished that system we introduced the warehouse
system. There is a conflict between tho man-
ufacturers and tho merchants as to whether
there shall be cash duties or whether the ware-
house system shall exist. There will be frauds
in the importations upon the Treasury, adopt
what system you may ; for whenever it is the
interest of individuals to evade your laws, your
duties being high and the reward great, the
evasion will be attempted to he made, and will
be more or less successful I am not willing
to ingraft upon this bill the beginning of this
war upon the warehouse system. Tho gentle-
