3112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
pay two policemen at the President's House, one
from August 24, the other from November 25,1865, to
June 30,1866, $2,023 34.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven hun-
dred and nine to strike out "six hundred" and
insert "one thousandso as to make the clause
read:
For compensation of the doorkeeper at the Presi-
dent's House, $1,000.
The amendment was a'greed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
eleven hundred and ten and eleven hundred
and eleven, in these words:
For compensation of assistant doorkeeper at tho
President's House, $600.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was in line eleven hun-
dred and fifteen to strike out tho word "watch-
man" and insert "two watchmen," and in line
eleven hundred and sixteen to strike out "six"
and insert "twelve;" so as to make the clause
read:
For compensation of two watchmen in reservation
No. 2, $1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven hun-
dred and seventeen to strike out "eight" and
insert "ten^" in line eleven hundred and eigh-
teen to strike out "seven" and insert "nine;''
and in line eleven hundred and nineteen to strike
out "live" and insert "three," and after the
word "and" to strike out "fifty-three" and
insert "seventy-eight;" so thai the clause will
read:
Foi compensation of ten draw-keepers at the Po-
tomac- bridge, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, $9,378 GO.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line eleven
hundred and twenty-eight to .strikeout the fol-
lowing clause :
For additional compensation to live laborers in tho
Capitol, one fireman mid twenty one laborers ill
public grounds, ono (rate-keeper, four da.y and two
night, watchmen, ono doorkeeper, and one assistant,
and two $1,.">7i ijo.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho Secretary continued the reading of the
bill to line eleven hundred and fifty.
Mr. WILSON. I believe the Senator from
Maine has proceeded as far as lie desires with
the bill to-day, and 1 desire to make a report
from a committee of conference.
Mr. KFSSENDICN. I shall notask the Sen-
ale to proceed further with this bill to-day.
The PRESIDENT pro fnnporc. The Chair
will receive the report if there he no objection.
MILITARY aCAIiUJIV APPOINTMENTS.
M r. WILSON submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the twullouses on the joint, resolution (It.
R. No. Kit) rchitiroto appointments to (he Military
Academy of the United States, havingmot, atterfull
and t'veo conference have, agreed to recommend, and
do recommcnd, to theirrespcctive Houses as follows:
That, the Houso agree to the amendment of tho
Senate with the following amendments thoreto :
In hue three of the Honiite amendment after tho
word " alter," insert tho words " those who enter."
Jn line eleven, after the word " prescribe," strike
out all the rcuiamderto the end of thoSonatoamend-
ineni, and mselt tho following:
And m like manner (he President of tho United
States shall be authorized hereafter to nominato
fifty at large cach year, instead id ten as now pro-
vided by law, who shall be examinml under like i em-
ulations, and of whom the ten who may be reported
as most meritorious and best, ((uahiicd shall bo ap-
pointed: ProvidedJimccfcr, That not morothun two
of these shall be appointed in any year from one
State.
And that tho Senate agice to the same.
HIONKY WILSON,
Jt. IS. AiS'THON'Y,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Munnyt't« on thcpmlof (he tienttfe.
BOlSBitT C. SCIIEXCK,
If. E. PAINE,
ManaaPrv on the part of (he House.
The report \vjas concurred in.
mem01uvl of general scott.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following resolution from tli'j
House of Representatives:
Resolved, That a committee of one from each Staf o
represented in this House be appointed on tho part
of this House, to join such committee as may be ap-
pointed on the part of the Senate, to consider and
report on the propriety of an address commemora-
tive of the life, character, and services of the late
Brevet Lieutenant General Winfield Scott.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What or-
der will the Senate take on the resolution?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
austrian troops for mexico.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to submit the
following resolution, and I ask for its consid-
eration now by unanimous consent:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
bo requested to communicate to tho Senate, if not
incompatible with the public interest, any informa-
tion in the possession of the executive government
in regard to the departure of troops from Austria for
Mexico.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over under the
rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and tho Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 12, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The .Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
icoontz versus coffrotii.
Mr. DAWES presented some papers in tho
case of Koontu vs. Coffroth ; which were re-
ferred to tho Committee of Elections.
nitro-c.lycerine.
Mr. ELIOT. [ ask unanimous consent to
repoit back from the Committee on Commerce
Senate bill No. 01 o, to regulate the transporta-
tion of nitro-glyecrinc or glynoin oil.
Mr. JENCKES. I object.
NEHEMIAII OSIiOltN.
Mr. IIART, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Nehcmiah Osborn;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
militia of 1812-
On motion of Mr. RAYMOND, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Appropria-
tions was discharged from tho further consid-
eration of the resolution of the Legislature of
New York relative to the payment of the militia
of IKUi.
(leonoe cottingiiam.
On motion of Mr. RAYMOND, by unani-
mous consent, the Committee on Appropria-
tions was discharged from the further consid-
eration of the memorial of George Cottingham,
and the same was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
sale of mineral lands.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing under
tho law:
Resolved, That there bo printed for the uso of the
House live thousand copies of the report No. 66 of the
Houso Committee on Public Lands, on the subject,of
the sale of mineral lands, five hundred of which shall
be for the use of said committee.
bounties to colored soldiers.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, by unanimous consent, ro-
| ported back, with amendments, Senate joint
j resolution No. 51, respecting bounties to col-
ored soldiers, and the pensions, bounties, and
allowances to their heirs.
The first amendment reported by the com-
mittee was as follows:
Strike out all of section one after the word "omis-
1 sion" in the eighth line and insert the following:
But where nothing appears on the muster-roll or
I the record to show that a colored soldier was not a
j freeman at the date aforesaid, under the provision of
i tho fourth section of tho act making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending tlxo
30th of June, 1865, the presumption shall be that tho
person <vas free at the time of his enlistment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment of the committee was
as follows:
In section twostrike out all after the worrl "widow"
in the fourth line down to and including the word
"enlistment" in the tenth line, and insert the fol-
lowing :
Were joined in marriage bysome ceremony deemed
by them obligatory, followed by their living together
as husband and wife up to the time of enlistment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The third amendment of the committee was -
as follows:
In the same section strike out all after tho word
"marriage," in the fourteenth line, to the end of the
section, and insert the following:
Shall bo held and taken to be the lawful children
and heirs of such soldier.
file amendment was agreed to.
Thejointresolution, as amended,was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was read the third time and
passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john roland.
Mr. McRUER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs:
licsolvcd. That tho Secretary of the Interior he
authorized to pay tho amount due on John Roland's
claim for flour furnished Indians, $2,100, out of the
appropriation made to settle tho account of Oliver
M. W ozencraft.
wagon koad in california.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill granting lands to the State of
California to aid in the construction of a cer-
tain wagon road for military and postal pur-
poses ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
marriages in the district of columbia.
Mr. IIART, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, by unanimous consent,
reported back House bill No. 615, for legalizing
marriages, and for other purposes, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Tho bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time and passed.
Mr. HART moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
i'ay of tile navy.
Mr. DELANO. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill amenda-
tory o£ the act of April 17, 1866, entitled "An
act making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1867."
The bill repeals so much of the act of April
17, 1806, as repeals section two of the act reg-
ulating the pay of the Navy.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not like to have this
bill considered at this time. I think it had
better be referred. I infer that it relates to
the same section that my colleague referred
to the other day, that gives to naval officers
thirty-three per cent, over what they now re-
ceive. It may be worthy of consideration by
the House whether naval officers ought not to
have increased pay; and for the purpose of
having that subject considered I would like to
have this bill referred.
Mr. DELANO. I hope the House will in-
dulge me in saying a few words. The act mak-
ing appropriations for the Navy for this year
repeals the second section of the act of 1835,
which second section excluded all allowances
of commutation for quarters, fuel, &c. I
suppose that neither this House nor the Sen-
ate, when the naval appropriation bill passed,
understood the effect of the amendment. The
effect of the measure is disclosed, however, by
