4072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
man was exceedingly modest in indicating who
was to be On this commission, so that be woifld
have a partial report. It would be in the power
of the Secretary of the Treasury to appoint
those wh j would certainly report in favor of
the warehouse system; it would be in his power
to appoint those who would certainly report in
favor of the cash system and doing away with
the warehousesystem; but neitherreport would
settle this question if it is the determination of
the great manufacturers of this country to war
against the warehouse system and the importing
merchants.
I will not go further into this question. This
is a war against the warehouse system in favor
of the cash system. If Senators are ready to
give up the warehouse system, they will adopt
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
proposed by the Senator from California, to
strike out the latter part of the proposition of
the Senator from Rhode Island.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ques-
tion now is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from RKode Island as amended.
The question being put, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 6, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 11, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Anthony, Howard, Howe, Kirk-
wood, Lane, Morrill, Norton, Pomeroy, Sherman,
Spraguc, and Wado—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Connes«, Ores-
well, Davis, Fessenden, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Johnson, McDougall, Morgan,
Ncsmith, Nye, Poland, Sumner. Trumbull, Van
"Winkle, Willey, "Williams, and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buekalew, Clark, Cowan, Cra-
gin, Dixon, Ooolittle, Edmunds, Foster, Ramsey, Rid-
dle, Saulsbury, Stewart, Wright, and Yates—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the bill (S. No. 179) in relation to the district
courts of the United States in the States of
California and Louisiana, with an amendment,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
bills, m which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 643) to alter the places of
holding the circuit courts of the United States
for the Rhode Island district;
A bill (H. R. No. Too) amendatory of an act
to amend an act entitled "An act relating to
habeas corpus, and regulating judicial proceed-
ings in certain cases," approved May 11, 1866:
and
A bill (H. R. No. 800) for the relief of Marion
M. Buxton.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (II. U. No. 692) increasing the pensions
of widows and orphans, and for other pur-
poses.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolutions ; which were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore:
A bill (II. R. No. 305) granting the right of
way to ditch and canal owners over the public
lands, and for other purposes;
A bill (II. R. No. 087) to incorporate the
Soldiers' and Sailors' Union, of Washington,
District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 692) increasing the pen-
sions of widows and orphans, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 729) to change the port of
entry in Puget sound;
A bill (H. li. No. 779) to incorporate the
National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 178) in refer-
ence to the Dismal Swamp Canal Company;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 190) in regard
to rations of Union soldiers held as prisoners
of war.
ADMISSION Of NEBRASKA.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
orders and proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 447, for the admission of Ne-
braska as a State.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask, what is the
pending business? I think the civil appropri-
ation bill is still pending as the unfinished busi-
ness, and I hope my colleague will postpone
Nebraska until we get through with this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the bill mentioned by the
Senator from Ohio has not yet been reported.
Mr. WADE. I believe it has not been. I
will now" report it from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, and ask for its present consideration.
I thought it had been reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider the bill just reported by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object until the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, it cannot be considered now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will join my colleague
in his efforts for the admission of Nebraska to-
morrow, when-.ve get through with this miscel-
laneous appropriation bill.
Mr. WADE. I give notice that I shall move
to-morrow to take it up the first thing.
REPORT OP A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Joseph
Segar, praying for compensation for property
seized by the Union Army in Virginia, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that the petitioner have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers; which was
agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The^enate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 737) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1867, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Buckalew from the select
committee on ventilation.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a proposition to
appropriate $117,000 for the ventilation of
this room. If we are to continue in this room
I should like to have it ventilated ; but I think
that so large an outlay of money is out of place
for that object. I think, as I said yesterday,
we ought to go further and do something bet-
ter. I am not willing, for one, to pay §117,000
merely to stay in this gilded cage where we are
kept. I will pay more in order to change the
room entirely. I think that the committee has
made a mistake. They will pardon me; I do
not intend really any criticism; but I think
they have made a mistake in trying to refash-
ion this room. That is the object of this large
appropriation, $117,000, merely for the venti-
lation of this impossible Chamber; for when
it is ventilated it is not a proper Chamber for
the Senate of the United States. I hope, there-
fore, that instead of appropriating $11/',000 to
ventilate this room, we shall appropriate per-
haps a larger sum to make a more thorough
change. In this matter I am in earnest. I feel
that we shall make a mistake if wc invest more
money in this apartment. The object of the
proposition of the Senator is a further invest-
ment of money in these walls by which we are
encaged. I will invest to take the walls down,
but I am unwilling to pay more to keep these
walls in their place.
I am not able to present a plan as a substi-
tute for that of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
I have never presented this subject to an}
tect or person who was able to make a report
as an architect upon it; but I should like to
have the whole question submitted to a proper
person or a proper committee with a view to a
practical result. As I tried to say last nii*ht,
there were two objects at which I would aim.
One would be to bring the Chamber right out
in connection with the open air, and the other
would be to diminish the size of the Chamber.
I would reduce it by one half. For instance,
a Chamber that would be left by running a line
from the main door to the chair of the Presi-
dent, I think would be ample for all the busi-
ness of the Senate. We should be more com-
fortable in it. Public business would be trans-
acted more advantageously. For instance,
what we are now engaged upon to-day would
be attended to much better than in this large
room.
Since the discussion last night, I have been
reminded of a saying by one of the best of the
early English writers, old Fuller, which you
will find in his proverbs.
Mr. FESSEN DEN. Can you give the chap-
ter and verse. ' [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot give the chapter
and verse. T have got it here. I have writtln
it down. ' It is as follows, and I think you will
see the application of it, and my friend from
Maine will not be insensible of it. A house,
he says in this proverb, had better be too little
for a day than too big for a year; therefore,
houses ought to be proportioned to ordinary
occasions and not extraordinary. Now. this
Chamber of ours is not proportioned to ordi-
nary occasions; it is not proportioned to our
every-day business; and what I desire is that
it should be brought into those proportions,
that it should be brought into harmony with
what we are called upon to do every day ; and
that it should not be kept in proportion to
those extraordinary occasions when these gal-
leries are filled.
Now, sir, I have no motion to make, but I
do not see how I can vote for this large appro-
priation which is to involve an increased ex-
penditure on this room, which, it seems to me,
we ought to do all we can to get rid of, instead
of putting more money into it.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I am not
prepared to agree to any proposition to change
this Chamber, so far as it relates to its size or
its location, but I am decidedly in favor of
improving its ventilation. But 1 desire to in-
quire of the Senator from Pennsylvania who
presents this proposition, how much of this
§117,000 he proposes to have expended during
the recess of Congress. I suppose a very
small proportion ; and I should think it much
more advisable to make an appropriation equal
to the amount to be expended during the time
that will elapse between this and our reassem-
bly in December, and then consider what we
shall do after Congress shalladjourn next year.
It seems to me we ought to make a moderate
appropriation now to carry on the changes
that he proposes to make during the coming
recess.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, the esti-
mates for the different items of outlay were
very carefully ascertained and reported at the
last session in the report of the joint select
committee, and they appear on pages 24 and
25 of that report. As a matter of course, the
amount proposed for appropriation will not be
expended before the meeting of the next ses-
sion of Congress; but it is necessary to know
what the Senate intend to do. This plan of
improvement is an entirety; one part is depend-
ent upon another; and a complete result can
only be secured by the adoption of the entire
scheme, at least in its main parts. The com-
mittee have reported to the Senate a plan in
conformity to their investigations, and what is
