1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
elusion at which anybody has arrived in regard
to it.
Mr. BROOKS. Is there any estimate from
the Department of the Secretary of War for
this ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir. The report of
the Board of Visitors was sent into the War De-
partment, and has been communicated here
with the papers accompanying the report of the
Secretary of War, which has been sent to be
printed, but I do not know when we shall get it.
Mr. BROOKS. Was there any estimate of
any engineer or officer connected with it ?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir and I have put
it below the amount of the estimate.
Mr. BROOKS. I was about to say that I do
not know but that this is all right. I presume
it is, but it is a very dangerous way to make an
appropriation in an appropriation bill when,
first, it does not come under the sanction of the
Committee on Appropriations, and second,
when it does not come under the official au-
thority of the War Department.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will explain exactly the
position of the matter. It is not my fault, nor,
as far as I know, is it the fault either of the
Committee on Appropriations or of any mem-
ber of the House that wo have not the material
before us to legislate with a full understanding
of this whole matter. The report of the Secre-
tary of War presents, among the accompanying
papers, this report of the Board of Visitors to
West Point, and tin; Board of Visitors, when
they made their report, accompanied it with
subordinate reports making estimates in regard
to these various improvements. All these doc-
uments were referred lo the Commit,toe 011 Ap-
propriations, but, at the same time, they were
ordered to be printed, and there is no other
copy of the papers, so far as 1 know, excepting
the original which has gone to the public print-
ing office, and when they will return to us again
1 think no man in this House can say. These
papers wi 11 make a part, ol'some large document,,
almost, utterly useless at the t inn1 it reaches us,
but, which we shall have for distribution among
our constituents next year, for the practical
purposes of legislation they are not here and
are not likely to be. I can only say, therefore,
that in oifcring this amendment I have gone
under the mark, but this whole subject was in-
quired into and a report accompanied by esti-
mates was submitted to the Secretary ofW ar.
Mr. STIOVFNS. That report never reached
us in any shape. It, was sent, lo the Public
Printer and has never been before the Com-
mit lee on Appropriations.
Mr. I'A INK. I should be glad to know from
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nciikxck] the
name of the engineer ollicer who wrote to the
military Superintendent at West Point, the letter
to which he has referred?
Mr. SCHKNCK. That, letter, with the name
of the writer, is among the documents of this
House, for I submitted the resolution calling
for the correspondence. There can, therefore,
be: no objection to my stating that it is General
Delalield, the bead of the Engineer corps. [
simply stated the general substance of the letter,
but the gentleman can see exactly what was
written; the letter speaks for itself.
The. question was taken on Mr. Seiinxcit's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. There were three or four
other subjects brought to the attention of the
Board of Visitors, but 1 believe [ will eonline
myself to offering one more amendment; which
is as follows:
I'or ventilating and heating tlio barracks anil other
academic buildings, improving the apparatus for
cooking for the cadets. repairing the hospital build-
ing, including i he introduction of baths for the sic&,
the construction of water closets in the Jibrarybuild-
ing, and new 1 urmture for the recitation room, $20,000.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. It seems
to me that that is pretty steep. I would like
to have some explanation of it.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Dukjgs,] who was one of the commit-
tee of the Board of Visitors to whom this subject
was referred, says that the estimate, which was
very carefully made, was $30,000 for these pur-
poses. I think that some sum certainly ought
to be expended for these various objects, and
there need be no apprehension about it. The
money thus appropriated will be fairly, properly,
and most economically applied by the present
Superintendent at West Point, General Cul-
lum. I can vouch for his entire trustworthiness
and discretion in regard to any expenditures
which may be made by the Govfernment to
accomplish the objects intended by this amend-
ment.
Furthermore, I will say that the recitation
room is in a most dilapidated condition; and
the provision made in reference to the sick in
hospital, for want of baths, or access to water
in any way, was complained of by the surgeon
in charge; and the Board of Visitors were satis-
fied, from a close inspection, that the complaints
were just.
The other inconveniences (for I have made
the amendment very comprehensive) all exist;
and it seems to us, if you are to give efficiency
to the conduct and management of the institu-
tion, it is absolutely requisite that these ex-
penditures should be made. I wish I had here
the papers and the reports, not only of the
Board of Visitors, but of the sub-committee,
who, with the aid of engineers and by personal
inspection, made the estimates which have been
submitted. But I have not, for the reason I
have already explained to the House.
I have proposed the least sum reported by
that committee as sufficient. I think the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Dnicos] was a
member of that sub-committee—I think its
chairman. I propose this sum shall go as far
as it may to accomplish something of these
necessary objects. 1 trust the gentleman from
Michigan will himself give some explanations
of this subject,.
Mr. RADKORD. I ask the chairman of the
sub-committee [Mr. Drigcs] to state why they
recommend $30,000 instead of the $20,000
substituted by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sciikxck.]
Mr. DRIGGS. I will state in answer to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Radford,]
that as chairman of the sub-committee having
charge of the investigation of the particular
matters referred to by my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Scuf.nck,] I found, and so did the com-
mittee, that the recitation rooms were very di-
lapidated, the roofs were leaky, the ventilation
was bad, and the furniture deficient. And it
seemed to us that, an appropriation to remedy
these wants was merely a matter of economy
to the Government. After a most careful in-
vestigation, and a thorough inspection of all
the departments there, we recommended an
appropriation, 1 think, of §30,000.
1 understand that my friend from Ohio [Mr.
SailKXeic] has suggested the amount of ^20,000.
I can only add in this connection that 1 believe
the sum of $30,000, under the supervision of
General Culhun, will be expended for the ben-
efit of the Government. It is just and right
and economical. Gentlemen will bear in mind
the fact that it luis been recommended that the
number of cadets be increased to four hundred,
instead of the present number. If that recom-
mendation is adopted it will involve the neces-
sity of further improvement, for the purpose of
affording sufficient accommodation for tliem.
But in order to protect the public property, it
is now requisite that provision be made for re-
pairing the roof of the building, procuring some
new furniture, altering the ventilating appar-
atus, &c., which is embraced in the purview of
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schexck. | I think the amendment is just
and proper, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. RADFORD. I move to amend the
amendment so as to make it $30,000 instead
of ¥20,000.
Mr.WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Ihope that
will not be done. If wo give what the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs ask, I think that is
enough.
Mr. DRIGGS. I would suggest to my friend
from New York, [Mr. Radford,] that he better
not press his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. RADFORD. Very well; I will with-
draw it.
The amendment of Mr. Schenck was then
agreed to.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move further to amend the
bill by adding the following:
For the removal and enlargement of the gas-works,
46,000.
I am not in the habit of taking up much of
the time of the House, but I will state very
briefly that the present gas-works are located
immediately in the range of the battery, where
they are liable to injury from the explosion of
shells, &c. They are located upon a high hill,
constantly requiring a great expense for the
transportation of coal from the vessels at the
dock up to the gas-works. The works are in
quite a dilapidated condition now, and the com-
mittee have deemed it necessary to recommend
to Congress that a small appropriation be made
to remove the works to the bank of the river,
where the coal can be transferred immediately
from the vessels to the gas-works, and where
the works will be secure from the explosion
of shells, &c., in the experiments in artillery
practice.
Mr. SPALDING. I would ask the gentle-
man how it happens that these estimates were
not sent in to the Committee on Appropriations
by the Secretary of War?
Mr. DRTfiGS. Well, sir, the committee ap-
pointed by the Presidentand Secretary of War
to visit. West Point and make suitable recom-
mendations were themselves puzzled to know
why that was not done. They made a very
extensive and laborious examination, and in
the recommendations embraced in their report
to the Secretary of War they included only the
absolute necessities of the institution at West
Point. When I learned that the recommenda-
tions made by that committee had not been
submitted to Congress 1 called upon the Sec-
retary, and he said that he had not had time
to read the report, and in fact had hardlv seen
it. I then called upon General Delafield and
asked him to explain why the recommenda-
tions of the committee had been ignored. I
said to him that it was useless for the Govern-
ment to expend five or six thousand dollars to
send a committee to West Point if no notice
was to be taken of their report. ITe said t hat
he had not had the facts submitted to him, and
had never seen our report.
Now, sir, this committee have made certain
recommendations; among others, one for the
removal of the gas-house at West Point to the
bank of the river. The sum needed is very
small; and I hope that the appropriation will
be made.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, oflllinois. Has there
been no recommendation from the chief Engi-
neer or any officer of the War Department in
regard to the removal of these gas-works?
'Mr. DRIGGS. I think not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
think we ought not to make this appropriation.
Mr. DRIGGS. I think that we ought to make
it; it is very much needed.
Mr. STEVENS. Have the Board of Visitors
agreed upon this?
Mr. DRIGGS. Yes, sir; unanimously.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I believe I
am as much in favor of that institution at
West Point as anybody else in this House.
But as I have had some little experience in
gas-works on a small scale in my own estab-
lishment, I should like to ask the gentleman
from Michigan this question: if these gas-
works were located improperly, who had the
superintendence of the location, and are we
obliged now to repair by large payments of
money the faults of those who were presumed
to be competent to determine the location for
such works as those ?
I do not know whether these gas-works are
ordinary gas-works, or whether they are such
as I have in my own private house ; but I think
we ought to have some information as to why
this error was not earlier discovered. There
is, in my judgment, a great deal of gas in-
