128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
January 5,
tile reference of this important petition to the
joint committee of the two Houses.
- The .motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a petition from
a committee of colored citizens of "the State of
Mississippi, iii which, among- other things, they
set forth that, owing to the prejudice existing
there, they have not been able to assemble in
convention, but that they have done as well as
they eould, through a few of their number to
set forfhtheir grievances. - They represent four
hundred and thirty-seven thousand four hundred
and four-citizens of the-United States, being a
majority of nearly one hundred thousand in that
State. These people, in a very brief petition,
ask Congress to 'grantthem the right of suffrage,
that* ""we may," they say, "the more effect-
ually-prove our fidelity to the United States; as
we hare fought in favor of liberty, justice, and
humanity-, we wish to vote in favor of it and give
our influence to the permanent establishment
of pure republican institutions in these United
States; and also that we may be in a position
in aiegal and peaceable way tp protect ourselves
in the enjoyment of those sacred rights which
were pledged to us by the emancipation procla-
mation." I move that this petition be also re-
ferred'to the joint committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have also a petition from
colored citizens of Colorado—I do not know
whether to call it yet a State, or a Territory—
protesting against its recognition as a State of
the Union, on account of a radical injustice in
the constitution which has recently been formed.
I move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have a petifSon from citi-
zens of Philadelphia, calling the attention of
Congress to the fourth section of the fourth ar-
ticle of the Constitution of the United States,
where it is declared that "the United States
shall guaranty to every State in this Union a
republican form of government," stating that
in many States such a form of government does
not exist, and proposing an amendment of the
Constitution in order more effectually to carry
out that provision. I offer a similar petition
from members of the Union American church
in Philadelphia; another one from citizens of
Philadelphia; another one from citizens of Ches-*
ter, Pennsylvania; another one from citizens of
Springfield, Pennsylvania; another one from
Citizens of Norristown, Pennsylvania; another
one from citizens of Columbia, Pennsylvania;
another one from citizens of Penningtonvillc,
Pennsylvania; another one from citizens of Me-
dia, Pennsylvania; all with the same pray er. I
move their reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition "of
James Larry, praying for compensation for
losses sustained by him in consequence of the
occupation of his property by the United States
Army near Cold Harbor, Virginia, in June,
1864; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented the petition of P. A. Lewis,
praying for compensation for property destroyed
during the war by our armies; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Ohio, praying for an amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States to the effect that
it may recognize Christianity; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STJMNK R. I also offer the petition of
George B. Upton and George B. Upton, jr.,
two eminent merchants of Boston, setting forth
that a ship of theirs was seized and burned at
sea by a cruiser known as the Alabama; that
application has been made to the Department
of State here to secure compensation for that
outrage; that the application has been pre-
sented in London to the British Government,
and there refused; wherefore, the petitioners
say as follows;
"Believing, as your petitioners do, that nations arc
responsible which, through tho want of neutrality
laws, or of tho proper construction and enforcement
of such as do exist, Rive their support and sanction to
piracies committed by vrosels built, manned, ana fit-
ted out ill their own ports, and thus allow their sub-
jects to make war upon those of other nations in time
of peace; and believing that no immediate compen-
sation can be obtained by them from the British Ooy-
ernmont; knowing, moreover, they were in nowise in
fault that their property was illegally destroyed, they
can only, as alast resource, petition their own Govern-
ment to pay them the value of their said ship Nora
at the date of her destruction, and charge the same
to the Government which permitted tho outrage."
I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to present joint
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Michigan, adopted by the two bodies on the 21st
of March, 1865, in which, in behalf of the peo-
ple of that State, they express their earnest de-
termination "to do everything in their power
to support and sustain the national Administra-
tion in all measures for the vigorous prosecu-
tion of the existing "war, the utter overthrow of
armed rebellion, and the punishment of trai-
tors," &c. I move that these resolutions may
be printed and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, ask-
ing for a grant of lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a ship-canal from Lake Superior to Lac
La Belle, so as to form a safe harbor; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of that State, asking for the repeal
of the tax on the Holy Scriptures and school
books; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of the same Stale in relation to the
unsafe condition of the Waugooshance light-
house in tho straits of Michilimackinac ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented the petition of John Burt,
John Owen, and other business men of De-
troit, Michigan, praying for an appropriation
to construct a breakwater at Marquette Bay on
Lake Superior; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Jesse Smith
and others, citizens of Michigan, praying for
the establishment of a tri-weekly mail route
from Coopersville, in Ottowa county, to Squire's
Ferry, in the county of Newaygo; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented the memorial of the widow
of Major Thomas C. Fitzgibben, of the four-
teenth Michigan infantry, praying for relief;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of the
Mississippi River Improvement and Manufac-
turing Company of Minnesota, praying for an
appropriation of tho public lands of the United
States to enable them to construct a lock or
dam at or near the falls of St. Anthony, so as
to enable boats navigating the Mississippi river
to reach said falls; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial of
Delphine P. Baker, representing that, on the
recommendation of Government officers and
others, she has purchased the property known
as Point Lookout, situated at the junction of
the Potomac river with Chesapeake bay, in the
State of Maryland, with a view of donating it
to the "National Military and Naval Asylum
for the benefit of disabled soldiers and sailors,"
and that she will convey to that asylum the title
to her property if the Government will donate
to it the buildings thereon ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented the petition of
Benton Jones, a citizcn of Wisconsin, praying
to be reimbursed for moneys expended by him
while in the servieo of the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims. ;
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Wisconsin, asking for a
grant of lands to aid in the construction of a
ship-canal from Sturgeon bay to Lake Michi-
fan; which was referred to the Committee on
'ublic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Wisconsin, in favor of
dividing that State into two judicial districts,
and to create a western judicial district; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of the
Union League Club of the city of New York,
praying Congress to appropriate and pay to the
family of the late President Lincoln the salary
for his full term of office; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented a concur-
rent resolution of the Legislature of Indiana,
on the subject of foreign interference in Mexico,
and the rule of neutral and belligerent rights; '
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I present a remonstrance
from citizens of East Saginaw, Michigan, against
any renewal of the reciprocity treaty. I ask
that it may be read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To the Congress of the United States.'
Tho undersigned, citizens of East Saginaw, Michi-
gan, humbly but earnestly remonstrate against the
renewal of the so-called reciprocity treaty with the
British Provinces, and against the formation of any
new treaty which shall grant special favors to the
people of those Provinces not grantSd to other friendly
nations, and not consistent with our system of raising
a revenue by duties on imports and at the same time
protecting our own industry.
Land and labor being lower in the Provinces than
in the United States, they produce all products of
the farm cbeapcr than we can, and so undersell our
farmers. Stumpage being high in the United States
mid lueiely nominal in tho Pi evinces, they can under-
sell our lumbermen on'all the products of the forest.
Any treaty, therefore, which allows the free exchange
of the products of the farm and the forest sacrifices
the interests of our farmers and lumbermen to those
of the Provinces. It also sacrifices their rights, for
since the price of almost everything they buy is en-
hanced by our general system of duties, to allow free
trade in the products of their labor is injustice. They
have the same right to protection as the manufac-
turer of cotton, woolen, iron, leather, and any other
of the thousand articles which arc protected. Wo
bear with what patience we can the high taxes which
the necessities of the nation have compelled. Wo
[-hall feel these taxes to be oppiessne if the Govern-
ment neglects to moderate them by taxing the im-
portation of those articles which come in competition
with our own productions.
The high price of gold for a few years past has op-
erated as a protection against the competition of the
Provinces; but as gold falls this protection will cease,
and any renewal of the reciprocity treaty would bo
disastrous.
The Provinces contend that their raw material
should be admitted free of duty in exchange for the
great concessions thoy make to our fishermen: but,
in fact, they get their fish admitted into our market
free of duty, and therefore our fishermen areopposed
to the treaty.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move its reference to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to present a
memorial from one hundred and thiity-eight
colored citizens of the city of Denver, in the
Territory of Colorado, remonstrating against
the admission of that Territory as a State into
the Union, on the ground that great injustice
has been done to the colored citizens there in
the formation of the State constitution. They
close their remonstrance by saying that they
are taxed in that constitution without represen-
tation : they are even taxed to support public
schools to educate the children of the white
people, while they are excluded from those
schools themselves. I ask that this petition
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PliEStDEiS'T^ro tempore. It will be
so referred if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. The other petition that I
offered 011 this subject was referred to the Com-
mittee 011 Territories.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Terri-
tories will have nothing to do with the question
of admitting the State of Colorado, I reckon.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, then, the peti-
tion that I presented should go to the same
