1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3113
the order issued by the Secretary of the Navy,
giving thirty-three per cent, under certain cir-
cumstances and thirty per cent, under certain
other circumstances'. 1 have taken the trouble
to go to the Treasury Department to ascertain
the probable annual expense under that order.
It was reported to me officially at §1,300,000
per annum.
Now, I know from conversations with Sen-
ators, that when this section of the law of 1835
was repealed, the Senate did not understand
what it was doing; and I am equally well sat-
isfied that the House did not understand what
it was doing.
Now, I do not know but what the pay of the
Navy should be increased, but this is an un-
worthy manner of effecting such increase. I
say, therefore, that the House owes it to itself
to restore the law of 1835, and that when the
pay of the Navy is increased, it should be done
in a legitimate way, so that we shall know what
we are doing. It is, perhaps, wise "'that we
should fix the pay of the Navy, as we are fix-
ing the pay of the Army, definitely. I hope
the [louse will restore the law of 1835. I shall
not be found illiberal or unjust whenever the
question of the pay of the Navy comes up.
Mr. LE BLOND. I agree with my colleague
in reference to this matter, but I would rather
that the bill should be referred.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PIKE. I ask unanimous consent to
make an explanation on this question.
No objection was made.
Mr. PiKE. I have just come into the House,
and as I understand the Committee on Naval
Affairs has been referred to in connection with
this bill I would like to make a short state-
ment. The amendment which increases the
pay of the Navy was made in the Senate, and
when it came here it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. The Committee on
Naval Affairs had nothing to do with it. The
Committee on Appropriations, who considered
it intelligently and understood perfectly its
effect, reported it to the House and the House
passed the amendment; whether they under-
stood it or not was their business. I presume
that upon this, as upon all other measures,
they knew what they were about.
The pay of the Navy ought to be increased,
and as to the mode of pay, I agree with the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delaxo] that a
change should be made both in the Army and
in the Navy. And I hope some similar bill
to that which passed the House will also pass
the Senate ; and following that that the pay
of the Navy will be made to assimilate to the
pay of the Army, as the rank assimilates;
so that rank for rank the pay of the Navy will
be the same as the pay of the Army, and be
paid in such a way that everybody can under-
stand just what the pay is, and not have it
depend, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Delaxo] has said this bill will depend, upon the
action of the Secretary of the Navy, in the same
way that the pay of the Army now depends
upon the action of the Secretary of War.
DIRECT TAXES IN FLORIDA.
Mr. NlBLACK,by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Florida in relation to the collection of direct
taxes in that State ; which were referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
J AXIS I!. SIIAN'E.
Mr. ECKLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Unsolved, That the Committee on Pensions be di-
rected to inquire into thc expediency of allowing to
.tine Shane a. pension, as the widow of Lieutenant
Colonel James M. Shane, late lieutenant colonel of
the ninctv-ei^lith Ohio volunteer infantry, who was
killed at ICenesaw Mountain, in theStateof Georgia.
MICHIGAN L.OD-ORAN'T RAILROADS.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on'Public
Lands a bill (S. No. 243) to extend the time
for the reversion to the United States of the
lands granted by Congress to aid in the con- !
struction of a railroad from Amboy, by Hills- j
dale and Lansing, to some point on or near
Traverse bay, in the State of Michigan, and
for the completion of said road, with a substi-
tute for the entire bill.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will explain in a few words
the object of the proposed substitute for the
Senate bill. It is simply to extend the time
of this grant, without any additional appropri-
ation of land, and to provide for the consolida-
tion of one or more companies for the build-
ing of a single line of railroad; in which event
the particular grants may be applied so far as
consolidated, not to exceed ten sections of
land to the mile. The bill has been carefully
considered by the Committee on Public Lands,
and the substitute now proposed I believe is
agreed upon by all parties as the very best
thing that can be done.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
that the substitute may bo read.
'The substitute was read at length. The first
•section provides that the time limited by the
fourth section of an actentitled "An act mak-
ing a grant of alternate sections of the public
lands to the State of Michigan to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said State,
and for other purposes,'' approved June 3,
1850, for the completion of the railroad from
Amboy, by Hillsdale and Lansing, to some point
on or near Traverse bay, shall bo, and is hereby,
extended for the period of seven years from and
after the 3d day of June, 1800 ; and that said
grant shall continue and remain in full force
and effect for and during that period as if it had
been so provided in said fourth section of said
act of June 3, 1850 ; provided that the Amboy,
Lansing, and Traverse Bay Railroad Company,
a corporation organized under the laws of the
State of Michigan, shall forfeit all right to said
grant, or any part thereof, which it may now
have, or which may hereafter be conferred upon
it by the Legislature of the State of Michigan,
if and whenever the said company shall fail, in
whole or in part, fully and completely to perform
any of the following conditions, that is to say:
1. To clear, grub, and grado twenty consec-
utive miles of the road-bed of said road be-
tween Owasso and Saginaw City, so that the
same shall bo in readiness for the tics and iron
by the 1st day of January, 18G7._
2. 'To fully complete the said road from
Owasso to Saginaw City, so that the same shall
be in readiness for the running of trains by the
1st day of November, 1807.
3. To fully complete in like manner twenty
miles of said road in each and every year after
the said 1st day of November, 1807, and to fully
complete the entire road by the time limited
by this act.
And it is further provided that in case of
the failure of the said Amboy, Lansing, and
Travel so Bay Railroad Company to perform
any of the above conditions by the respective
times limited therefor, the Legislature of the
State of Michigan may, at its first session after
any such failure, confer the said grant upon
some other railroad corporation or corpora-
tions, upon such terms and conditions as the
Legislature may see fit to prescribe, to carry
out the purposes of the said act of Juno_3,
1850; and when so conferred such corporation
or corporations shall bo entitled to have and
enjoy all of the said grant which shall not then
have been lawfully disposed of, to the same
extent and in the same manner and for the
same purposes as if the same had been origi-
nally conferred upon such corporation or cor-
porations. Any such authorized corporation
or corporations now organized or hereafter to
be organized, upon which said grant may be
so conferred, in whole or in part, may receive
the same without prejudice to any land grant or
other rights or franchises previously acquired.
But in no case shall such corporation or cor-
porations be entitled to receive more than ten
sections of laud to the mile for that portion of
said road which may be consolidated in accord-
ance with the provisions of this act.
It is further provided, that if the Legislature
shall in any such case of failure so confer said
grant as before provided, the said lands, or so
much thereof as shall then remain not law-
fully disposed of, shall be subject to the disposal
and future control of the Legislature, as pro-
vided in section three of the act of June 3,
1850, until the expiration of the time limited
by this act; but incase the Legislature shall
in such case fail to confer the grant, then the
land shall revert to the United States.
The second section provides that the Flint
and Pere Marquette Railroad Company may
change the western terminus of its road to
some -point on Lake Michigan at or south of
Grand Traverse bay, and any railroad corpo-
rations having a right to the respective land
grants specified in the act of June 3, 1850,
located in the lower peninsula of the State of
Michigan, may unite and contract with each
other or with any other railroad corporation
or corporations for the construction and oper-
ation of a single line of road for any portion
of their routes, without prejudice to any land
grants or other rights or franchises previously
acquired ; and any and all such corporations
arc authorized to change the location of the
lines of their road, so far as may be necessary
for the purpose of such consolidation, but not
so as to change their respective termini other-
wise than is authorized by this act. And when-
ever any change of terminus or location of line
is made, as provided for in this act, the corpo-
ration or corporations making such change
shall file in the General Land Office new maps
definitely showing such change and the new
line of road adopted ; provided, that the road
mentioned in thCfirst section of this act shall
run on the west side of Saginaw river, and that
the principal depot shall be located in the
northern portion of the plat of Saginaw City, so
as best to accommodate the cities of Saginaw
and East Saginaw.
The third section provides that all lands
granted by the act of June 3, 1850, to aid in
the construction of the railroad described in
the first section of this act shall be disposed
of only in the following manner: when the
Governor of the State of Michigan shall cer-
tify to the Secretary of the Interior that ten or
more consecutive miles of said road have been
completed in a good and substantial manner,
as a first-class road, stating definitely the com-
mencement and termination of each completed
portion of said road, and the corporation or
corporations so entitled to lands on account
thereof, the Secretary of the Interior shall
cause patents for lands for such completed por-
tion of said road to be issued to said corpora-
tion or corporations, provided that none of
said lands shall be acquired or so patented for
any portion of said road so completed south
of the intersection of said road with the De-
troit and Milwaukee railway until the whole of
said road north of said intersection shall have
been completed, and the lands therefor pat-
ented; and provided further, that the road
mentioned in the first section of this act shall
be and remain a public highway for the use of
the Government, of the United States, and shall
transport free of toll or other charges all prop-
erty, troops, and munitions of war belonging
to the same.
The fourth section provides for the repeal
of all acts and parts of acts inconsistent with
the provisions of this act.
Mr. DRIGGS. I rise to call the previous
question, but yield to the gentleman from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Beajiax,] who desires to offer an
amendment.
Mr. BKAMAN. I move to strike out "Jan-
uary"' and insert "February;'" so that instead
of reading "January 1,1807,'" it will read ''the
1st of February. 1807."'
Mr. DRIGGS. I accept the amendment.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask whether the bill lias
been punted.
Mr. DRIGGS. It is a Senate bill and has
been printed. The substitute, however, has not
been printed. If no one desires to ask any
further questions I will call for the previous
question.
