1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
committee. I presumed it was an appropriate
subject for the Committer oil Territories.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Committee on Ter-
ritories could consider the subject mentioned in
this petition I would have it referred to them,
but thoy cannot consider it. £f the question of
the admission of Colorado is considered at all,
it must be considered by the Committee on the
Judiciary; and it is to that committee that I ask
the reference of this petition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ref-
erence will be ordered, if there be no objection.
reports of committees.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred a memorial of the Sisters
of Mercy of the city of Chicago, Illinois, pray-
ing for an appropriation of $20,000 for the en-
largement of the Mercy Hospital in tfyat city,
have directed me to report adversely to the
prayer of the memorialists, and to move the
indefinite postponement of the memorial. In
doing that I desire to say in behalf of these
petitioners that the object for which they pray
is highly meritorious, and they found their
claim somewhat upon their services rendered
to the soldiers during the war and aid given to
soldiers as nurses in various parts of the Uni-
ted States. While the committee feel grateful
and Congress undoubtedly feels grateful to
these Sisters of Mercy for the kind assistance
they have afforded the soldiers, we do not see
any po'wer that Congress has to grant their
prayer, which is for the appropriation of
$20,000 to eidarge their hospital.
The PRESIDENT j>r<> tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the present consideration of
the report ?
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir, if there is no objec-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the Chair will put the question on
the report of the committee, which is that the
further consideration of this petition be indefi-
nitely postponed.
The report was agreed to.
bills introduced.
Mr. NESMITH asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 58) granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military wagon
road from Corvallis to the Aequmabay; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER asked; and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
59) to provide for the revision and consolida-
tion of the statutes of the United States; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judicial-}', and
in making the motion I desire to call the atten-
tion of my excellent friend, the chairman of
that committee, [Mr. Trumbull,] especially to
this bill. It is now fourteen years since T first
introduced it into this body ; I have pressed it
upon every Congress since ; and I hope I may
not press it in vain upon this Congress. It is
time thai this measure was accomplished. We
ought to have the statutes of the United States
reduced to a readable form in a single volume
so that everybody can understand them. I move
its reference to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. GO) to enlarge the powers of the
Freedmeu's Bureau; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As the bill contains
provisions relating to the exercise of judicial
functions by the officers and agents of the Freed-
men's Bureau, under certain circumstances, in
States which have been in insurrection and
where civil rights are denied to portions of the
inhabitants. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce
Coxa. 1st Srys.—No, 9,
a bill (S. No. 61) to protect all persons in the
United States in their civil rights and furnish
the means of their vindication : which was read
twice by its title, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 62) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to the State of Oregon to aid in
the construction of a militaryroad from Eugene
City to the eastern boundary of said State
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
63) in relation to the office of Naval Judge Ad-
vocate General and of Solicitor of the Navy
Department; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 9) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States for the
protection of the national debt and the rejection
of any rebel debt: which was read twice by its
title, ordered £o be printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 10) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
condition of southern states.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That one hundred thousand copies of the
late message of the President on the condition of the
States late in rebellion.witli the reports of Lieutenant
General Grant and Major General Carl Sehurz, and the
letters annexed thereto, he printed for distribution.
provisional governors.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Eeiohefl, That the President of the United States
be requested, if in his opinion not incompatible with
the public interest, to furnish to the Senate copies of
all papers or proclamations designating certain per-
sons as provisional governors of States, and ail ac-
count of the salary, if any, they mav have been allowed,
the oaths, if any, thoy may have taken before entering
upon their duties, and if they dTd not take the ciath
of office prescribed by Connie, s for officers of the Uni-
ted States, then why they did not take the same; also
all instructions with regard to their duties, and com-
munications between them and the Prosident, tele-
graphic or otherwise; also copies of any communica-
tions in his possession from suc-h persons to any
convention or Legi.^ative Assembly in their respect-
ive States: also copies of any constitution, articles, or
laws, purporting to have, been adopt"d in such States,
so tar as the same affect the present condition of such
States, and the rights of persons therein.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Tuesday
next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why adjourn till Tues-
day 1
Sir. RAMSEY. The House meets on Tues-
day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The House meets to-
day. I really hope that there will bo a dispo-
sition now, after this long recess, to turn our
attention to the business that we have assem-
bled to transact. It seems to me there is no
occasion now for adjourning over until Tues-
day. .
Mr. RAMSEY. With the consent of the
gentleman, T will amend.my motion by sub-
stituting "Monday" for ''Tuesday."
The PRTCSIDENTjprotempore. It is moved
that when the Senate adjourn to-day, it bo to
meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
house resolution referred.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 28) in re-
lation to the Industrial Exposition at Paris,
France, was read twice by its title, and referred
fo-i-he Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and tie Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF" REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday,. January 5, 1866. - '
The House met at twelve o'clock m. .Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. 0. B.'-Boynton.
The J ournal of Thursday, December 21, was
read and approved.
benjamin g. harris.
The SPEAKER, hy unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the House of December
20, 1865, a copy of the record (including the
testimony, &c.) of the court-martial for the
trial of Hon. Benjamin G. Harris which was
referred to the Committee of Elections, and
ordered to be printed.
contributions 03? soldiers by states.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the House of De-
cember 13, 1805, a statement of the number of
soldiers furnished by each State since April 1,
1861; which, on motion of Mr. HOOPER, of
Massachusetts, was referred to the select com-
mittee on the war debts of the loyal States, and
ordered to be printed.
volunteer and regular army.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
liesolved. That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House, if not incompatible with the
public interest, information as to the number of men
and officers now in the regular and volunteer service
of the Army of the United States, where employed,
and the number of officers, volunteer and regular, re-
ceiving pay, who are unemployed or who are without
commands corresponding to their rank; and also the
estimated annual expense of the Army as now organ-
ized and distributed.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for in-
formation, addressed to one of the Executive
Departments, unanimous consent is necessary
for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
navigation op rock river, etc.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill to improve the
navigation of Rock river and the upper, and
lower rapids of the Mississippi river ; which was
read a first and second time, and- referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
amendment of the navigation laws.
Mr. PIKE submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas by the navigation laws of the United
States an American ship has no advantage in any "
particular over foreign ships in either. American or
foreign ports, but is obliged to qompete.with foreign
shipping on terms of perfect equality:
liesolved,, That the Committee of Ways andJMeans
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of draw-
hacks of duties paid on materials entering into the
formation of such vessels, to the end that American
ship-builders may compete with foieigners m this
branch of industryrnorenearlyuponan equalfootmg.
registering foreign vessels.
Mr. PIKE also submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, ana
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repealing
the statute of 1852 providing, for registering, inreign
vessels; and also to inquire into the expediency 01
providing by law that no American vessel whichsur-
icndeied her register and took foreign papers during
the late war shall under any circumstances again
receive an American register.
captain john c. carter.
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a joint resolu-
tion providing for the restoration of Captain
John C. Carter, United States Navy, to the
active list: which was read a first and second
time, .and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
