2154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
I refer to the effort made to arrive at the proba-
ble cost to this Government in case we (should
adopt some system of equalizing the bounties
to be given to our soldiers. We met here,
every man of us zealous and warm in liis desire
to equalize the bounties. But the Provost Mar-
shal General, with his peculiar combination
of figures, lias again thrown a damper upon us.
It strikes me that the House ought with great
unanimity to vote down this section and cause
this bureau to be abolished.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert the fol-
lowing in the place of the scction which it is
proposed to strike out:
That tho Provost Marshal's Bureau shall bo con-
tinued only so long as in the judgment of the Secre-
tary ot vv ar may be necessary to oloso up the busi-
ness thereof, not exceeding, however, six months
from trie passago of this act.
Air. CONICLING. I will accept the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Air. Stevess.1 "
Mr. SCHENCK. Aly impression is that the
sense of this House is against the section as it
stands in the bill, and T certainly do not mean
to struggle to keep i( there. But it is equally
certain that it is somewhat due to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs that this House should
clearly understand why it was that the com-
mittee believed that in an army bill a feature
of this kind should compose one of its parts.
1 will not go into any question about the
character of the present incumbent of the Pro-
vost Marshal General's Office. Ho is ablo to
defend that for himself. It is defended by the
history of the war. It is defended by his ser-
vices through good report and evil report,
According to the best of his ability, thatotlieor
has so discharged his duty that those in his
own immediate department, who know best
how- that duty has been discharged, have no
such epithets to bestow upon him as that he is
an undeserving officer.
It is not. lor me, therefore, to inquire why
gentlemen make personal issues with that offi-
cer bore, iii a debate upon a feature in a mili-
tary bill which has 110 reference to persons, hut
merely to a plan, a scheme of operations. And
1 here desire to say io the House, in behalf of
the Military Committee, that, in all their labor
ol consideration, discussion, inquiry, and other
work lending to the framing of a'proper bill
for the establishment, of an army system, they
liavo endeavored to act without reference to
persons, having in view only the best, schemes
tor the attainment of objects which might
result m the public good.
There is nothing about General Fry in this
section. The probability is, that if the scction
should prevail as a part of tile bill, General Fry
would be retained in his present position ; but
it would not necessarily be so. The question
truly before this House, as a legislate body,
is whether or not the committee were ri^lif. in
supposing that, a Provost Marshal General's
Office. as a feature of a military system, is
needed. Noiv, upon that subject, gentlemen
have not been quite fair in referring to the tes-
timony upon which the opinion of the commit-
tee. in iavor of such necessity, was based. The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Conkling,]
m commenting upon tin; letter of the lieuten-
ant General, sent in response to a call made
upon him by the Secretary of War, and offi-
cially communicated to this House, and by this
House reterrcd to the Military Committee, has
taken occasion to say that there is nothing in
that, letter about recruiting, that it relates to
desertion.
Air. COXKLTNG. The gentleman misunder-
stood me. j said that there was nothing in the
communication about a continuation of the Pro-
vost Marshal General's Bureau ; that it referred
,-imply to the business in which that bureau
should be employed while it exists.
Air. SCIIENCK. And that its employment
wa« to be in the arrest of deserters.
Air. COXKLING. No, sir: I did not say
that. J
Ml-. SCIILJXCK. Then I misunderstood
..the gentleman.
I wish now to call the attention of the House
?
to the letter of General Grant, which, in con-
nection with other communications of opinion
made to the committee, induced the committee
to adopt this as a feature of their bill. Cer-
tainly the committee were justified in supposing
that the communication of General Grant was
intended to recommend just what they did.
General Grant, in his subsequent letter, com-
municated now informally and indrectly to this
House, has explained that perhaps he was mis-
understood. But that does not alter the fact
that here was the letter, and this was the char-
acter of the recommendation contained in that
letter.
The question was the subject of recruit-
ing and desertion; how the one should be pro-
moted and the other prevented. Now, sir, it
is a notorious fact that heretofore recruiting
for filling up the ranks of the regular Army of
the United State has been to a considerable
degree a failure. Whose fault it is, I do not
undertake now to say; but the fact is incon-
testable that heretofore recruiting has been
conducted by the detail of an officer who wanted
an agreeable visit to a quiet country town or
a pleasant residence for a time in some city.
This commissioned officer, while boarding at a
hotel, and occasionally visiting the rendezvous,
left the business of recruiting to be performed
by some sergeant, aided, it may be, by a private
or two, also detailed us a portion of the party.
Thus the work of recruiting was slow and quite
inefficient in its general results.
I remember very well haying been compelled
to turn my attention to the mode in which this
business wascondnctod in a neighboring city,
when myself in the military service; and"I
remember that week after week and month
after month the reports of the recruiting offi-
cers, both for the regular Army and for vol-
unteers, read about in this way: ''For the
month of April, total number of recruits four;
total number of deserters four. For the month
of May, total number of recruits three; total
number of deserters three."
Once in awhile there was at the end of the
month ft-small margin of one or two rccruits,
who might ov might not find their way from the
recruiting station to a place in the ranks.
Now, sir. this is as well understood by Gen-
eral Grant as anybody else, and in the very
commencement of this letter lie says :
" T (to not. think tho pi-ecent. method of recruiting,
lis carried out, sullicicut to till up tho regular Army
to tho (orco required, or to koop it full when oue'o
filled."
Here is the evil of which the Lieutenant
General complains. The committee came to
the same conclusion, not merely from his tes-
tiuioii}-, but from other facts and other reports
laid before them; and although now, at the
close^ of the war, recruiting is going on very
well indeed, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is very much mistaken in supposing that there
arc not, desertions, and a great many desertions.
There is for some reason an unusual proportion
of deserters.
But in this state of fact, what did Lieutenant
General Grant say,when appealed to by the Sec-
retary of War? He said, "The duty isan import-
ant one, and demands, I think, the exclusive
attention of an officer of the War'Depaitment.''
Not his casual attention in connection with
some other department on the part of the same
officer to whom it shall be given. No, sir. his
exclusive attention to this matter is required.
He says it £'demands, I think, the exclusive
attention of an officer of the AVar Department,
aided by a well-organized system." That is
not different from what the provost marshal is
now. There must be an officer who shall de-
vote himself exclusively to this business, aided
by a well-organized system extending over the
country. He says:
."I think the officer best fitted for that position by
his experience during tho present war is General
rry, ana would rccommond that the whole subject
of recruiting bo put in his hands, and all officers on
roctmting uuty bo directed to lcportto him."'
He then goes a step further, and proposes to
confer upon this officer everything" relating to
the apprehension of deserters.
I think, under these circumstances, his rec-
ommending the creation of a distinct system
at the head of which was to be put this officer,
whose exclusive duty it should be to take care
of recruiting and desertions, justified the com-
mittee in supposing that it was equivalent to a
recommendation for a distinct feature in the
administration of the War Department by
which these objects should be accomplished
and these ^measures carried out.
I say this as I felt it was due to the commit-
tee, or a majority of the committee, in justifica-
tion of their action in making this Provost Mar-
shall's Bureau a part of the military system.
The House may differ from us; I think they
do. But I am not at all solicitous about this. I
am not disposed to regard it in the light of a
pet measure, however any one may be sharp-
ened in opposition to it.
_ But, Mr. Speaker, I will add that the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] should be adopted, or something
should be inserted in the bill to continue this
bureau in order to finish up the business of the
wai\ If you strike out this scction you ought to
put in some provision for six months or some
other time, such as will prevent the bureau clos-
ing at a loss to the Government and a derange-
ment of tho military system so far as the trust
reposed heretofore in that office is concerned.
I now demand the previous question.
Air. FAUQUHAlt. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the call for the previous question.
Air. SCHENCK. I will if the gentleman will
renew it.
Air. FARQUHAR. I will.
Mr. Speaker, having served under the or-
ders of the Provost Marshal General in the
discharge of the duties of a mustering and dis-
bursing officer in the State of Indiana, and
having had personal opportunities to know the
importance of that system, I feel I should not
have discharged my duty to myself, to my
State, nor to this House if I should remain
silent until this vote was taken without saying
a word in regard to the manner in which the
duties of the Provost Alarslial General have
been discharged in respect to that State. I
desire to say that in the administration of the
officer in charge of that department, I never
did hear any charge made against the efficiency,
against the promptness, against the success of
the officer m charge of that department, but,
on the contrary, and I say it with pleasure, the
unties of that office were performed with evi-
dence of the highest ability and the greatest
satisfaction. During the time I tad an oppor-
tunity of serving under that officer, a large
amount of recruits were raised, both to fill
up old regiments and to create new regiments,
with a success which did not attend the service
when another officer was in charge of that
department. I take pleasure, without entering
into the controversy, if 1 may so call it, regard-
ing that system in this House and in regard to
tho duties and services of that high officer, to
say to-day that I bear testimony to the higliest
ability of that officer in the full discharge of
these duties.
I will take up but a moment more. What
will be the effect of striking out the section of
the bill which proposes to continue that office
as it is now? It will be nothing more than to
turn tho duties of that office back to the Adju-
tant General's department. We did nothing
more m the creation of that bureau than to detail
an officer from the War Department to perform
its duty. By striking out that from the bill you
will turn it back to tne Adjutant General's de-
partment. What will then be done? The War
Department will detail the same officer, bear-
ing the same rank, receiving the same pay,
with tho same assistants, for that purpose! I
cannot, therefore, see much oeonomv in taking
the bureau from the position it now occupies
Arre'1c/"ir^i^?nd(0rt!'10I>1'eviouS(lucstion-
Ui. SCHENCIu I think tho amendment
proposed by tho gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevex.s,] limiting the time, if the sec-
nTf ^11 ?,t,ncken °at> °«g'hfc to be made a
part of tlie bill.
