THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
erie harbor, pennsylvania.
Mr. J3COF1ELD submitted the following
resolution 5 which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce is
hereby instructed to inquire into the propriety of
making an appropriation for the improvement of the
harbor of Erie, in Pennsylvania, and report "by bill
or otherwise.
homestead law.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I offer the following
resolution:
Whereas it was tha purpose of the Government, in
the application of the homestead law to the arable
-portions of the public domain, not only to provide in-
dependent homes to themasses of thepeople at anomi-
nal eost^ but to prevent the monopoly of large landed
estates m the hands of aristocrats and speculators, ns
■ anti-republican in tendency and antagonistic to the
feneralprosperityandindependence of thepeople,the
tates, and the nation; and whereas such monopolies
have occurred, do now exist, and may be greatly ex-
tended in the southerly sections of the country, while
millions of the toiling masses are left landless, home-
less, and houseless, except as eked out to them by
heartless speculators and oppressive landlords; and
whereas there are of the public domain, still undis-
posed of, in the State of Alabama about six million
seven hundred thousand acres; in the State of Mis-
sissippi four million seven hundred thousand acres;
tthe State of Louisiana six million two hundred
ousand acres; in tho State of Arkansas nine mil-
lion three hundred thousand acres; and in tho State
of Florida about twenty million acres, making in
the said five States a total of about forty-six million
nine hundred thousand acres; and whereas the true
interests of the said States, and thepeoplcthereof, as
well as of the nation at large, will be best promoted
by the appropriation of said lands to the exclusive
use of actual settlers and cultivators thereon: There-
fore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be,
and they hereby are, instructed to inquire into the ex-
pedieneyof providing by law that all thcpublic lands
- in tho States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,, Ar-
kansas, and I'loiida shall bo disposed of under the
provisions of the homebtead act, so oallcd, and not
otherwise; and al^o as to the propriety of limiting
homesteads in said States to eighty acrcs or less; and
that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr, NIBLACK objected.
REPORT OF MAJOR GENERAL HOWARD.
Mr. ELIOT submitted the folj^wing reso-
lution; which was read, and, tindfer the rules,
referred to the Committee on Printing:
it esolvcd, That one thousand extra copies of tho
report of Major General Howard, Commissioner of
the Bureau of KrcGdmcn, Refugees, and Abandoned
Lauds?, be printed for the use ot the bureau and dis-
tribution among its agents.
VETERAN RESERVE CORPS.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I submit
the following resolution:
Uexolved, That tho Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire and report to this House how
many there are, including officers, in the Vcten.n
Reserve corps at the present time, and whether they
cannot be employed to advantage in the Ireedmen's
Bureau, or some other department of the military ser-
vice, so that it, would be injudicious to disband a body
ot men who have suffered so much, and whose services
have been of such signal benefit to the country.
Mr. ANCONA. By the terms of that reso-
lution it is directory on the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I amend
the resolution so as to provide that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs shall inquire into the
expediency, etc.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
CONDITION 03? THE LATH REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. BBANDEGEE submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Revolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to commuiilciito to this House, if not in-
compatible with the public interest, ^ucli document-
ary information relative to the condition of the States
lately in rebellion against the Uniied States which
may be in his postesnon, including csnccially the
reports of Lieutenant froiieral Grant. Major Generals
Howard and Schurz, and Hon. John Covodc, together
wit I) ail documents, exhibits, paper.-j aceumpanymg
siu'l reports or referred to therein.
TRADE WITH INDIAN TRIBRF.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kanpa^, introduced an act
regulating trade and intercourse with the In-
dian tribes ; which was read a lirst and second
aU(^ rfcferred to the CommiUee on Indian
Afiairs.
BRANCH MINI IN OREGON.
Mr. HENDERSON introduced a bill to re-
locate the branch mint in the State of Oregon ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
judicial districts 01? wisconsin.
Mr. COBB presented the joint resolutions of
the Legislature of "Wisconsin in relation to di-
viding the State of Wisconsin into two judicial
districts and creating a western judicial district;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
polygamy.
Mr. ING-ERSOLL submitted tlfe following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Retolved, That tho Committee on the Judiciary are
hereby instructed, to inquire whether or not any fur-
ther legislation is necessary for (ho suppression of the
abominable system,of polygamy which is now ram-
pant in the Territory of Utah, and in ease the com-
mittee find that the existing laws are insufficient, then
inquire what further legislation is necessary for the
speedy enforcement of tho laws on that subject, and
that they report by bill or otherwise.
adjournment over.
Mr. STEVENS moved that when the House
adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
tayment os volunteers.
Mr. HOGAN, by unanimous consent, offered
the following preamble and resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas it is alleged that many regiments, bat-
teries, and detached bodies of volunteer troops have
been mustered out of service at places far distant
from the States in which they were mustered into
the scrvice; and whereas it is also alleged that said
troops have been really in the military service until
sent home and finally paid off, but thatsuch only re-
ceived jay up to the time of their muster-out instead
of to the time when they w ere paid oil and discharged,
which is not deerued fair to those thus dealt with:
Therefore,
licsolved, That the Committee on Military^ Affairs
be, and they are hereby, request cd to inquire into the
facts of such case, and, if lound true, to make such
provision as may be proper for doins; justico to such
troops, and report by bill or otherwise.
REPRESENTATIVE MIOJI LOUISIANA.
Mr. VOORHEES. I present tlie credentials
of Hon. Robert C. Wicicliffb as a member
from the third district of the State of Louisiana.
His former credentials were in some respects
informal, and hence I submit these.
The SPEAKER. They will be referred to
the joint committee on reconstruction, under
the rule.
NATAL TENSIONS.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
allowing persons having lost one foot and one
hand in the naval service of the United States
tho same pensions now allowed to persons hav-
ing suffered the same loss in the military service;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
SCHOONER TOREST QUEEN.
Mr. HOLMES, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
biil authorizing the issue of an American regis-
ter to the schooner Forest Queen; which was
read a first and soeond time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
RELIES OK VOLUNTEER OFFICERS.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution ; which was road, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
liesofaeel, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be, and they are hereby, directed to inquire'into tho
practicability and expediency of lcftislatma l'or the j
relief of such officers of tho volunteer service as dur- '
ins the first and second years of tho war, through want \
of proper blanks, inadvertence, or excusable neglect, '
| failed to make proper returns of ordnance, ordirinc" '
I stores, quartermaster stores, campandaariisoncquiu- i
age, or other public property, lor which such otiir-ers
wci e responsible, ancl that they may report by bili or ;
otherwise. j
ADMINISTRATION OF FOREIGN AFJfAlIi". j
Mr. SHBLLABABOEP; asked unaaimous j:
consent to ii:lrorluoc the following resolution: I:
JteHoJrol, That the llou *e er:pro^ its confidence in
distinguishes, tho administration of tlie foreign affairs
of the Government, and this House hereby expresses
its determination to continue, in all matters of exec-
utive control, to extend to the Executive in its ad-
ministration of these affaiis undiminished support;
and that this is expressed in the confidence that tho
justice and moderation of this Government, and its
non-interferene8 in -the political affairs of tiie other
hemisphere will not only preserve tho friendly re-
lations which- this Government so much desires to
preserve with all foreign Governments, but will also
speedily sccuro in the future, as it has in t he past from
the Governments of both hemispheres, " that system
of non-interference and mutual abstinence from prop-
agandism which is the true policy for. the two hemis-
pheres."
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, objected.
ABOLITION OF SLAYBKY.
Mr. COOK. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is the sense of this House that the
terms t>fthe second section of the article proposed to
the Legislatures of the several States as an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States, byjoint
resolution approved February 1, 1865, confer upon
Congress the power, by appropriate legislation, to se-
cure to the people of the United States, of whatever
race or color, the enjoyment of the rights of freemen,
and to protect them from involuntary servitude, (ex-
cept as a punishment for crime,) under whatever pre-
test such involuntary servitude may be imposed, and
no Legislature of any State, in ratifying- said amend-
ment, can attach any condition to such ratification
which will in any manner restrict or modify the effect
of said section.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I do not know whether I
shall object to that resolution. I dislike to.
But I rather think it is in conflict with the opin-
ion of the Secretary of State. We all know that
the second section is restraining.
Mr. VOORHEES. As I see the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] wants it ob-
jected to, I will object.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House nowresolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. HOGAN. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer a resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will have
an opportunity hereafter. I must insist on my
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of tbe Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Washbt;rne, of Illinois, in tho chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the President's
annual message, upon which Mr. spalding was
entitled to tlie floor.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman : Our re-
publican Government, after being exposed for
three fourths of a century to the derisive doubts
of carping critics abroad, and to tlie more in-
sidious and cruel assaults of ambitious men at
home, has, at length, "by wager of battle/'
vindicated its claim to be ranked as first among
the nations in all the elements of stability and
power.
This proud stand-point has not been reached
without unparalleled sacrifices of blood and
treasure on the part of our loyal fellow-citizens,
but a5, tho recuperative energies of the Amer-
j iean people are known "to lie adequate to any
[ probable exigencies, it is not so important that
! we dwell upon the havoc and cost of the-war,
| from which we have so recently emerged, as
that we try to profit by the injunction of Roman
patriotism, and ''take care that (lie Republic
receive no detriment" therefrom.
To the end that we may approach tho dis-
charge of this duty with a just appreciation of
the character of (hat Government which origi-
nated in t ho wisdom of our fathers, and is now
sanctified by the blood of their sons, I pro-
pose to examine, in a somewhat cursory man-
ner. that dogma of Mr. Calhoun which has been
the prolific source ol' much of our intestine
troubles—'"thai the Government of the United
States is the Government of a community of
States, and not the Government of a nation."
Upon this political heresy hangs the whole
claim "of the "nullifier" and the "secessionist,"
which has plagued our country more than thirty
