4074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
For the erection of a mill as per third article treaty
of March 21,1866, $15,000.
Interest on $50,000 from the date of the ratification
of the treaty, at the rate office percent, per annum,
to be paid annually, for the support of schools, as
per third article treaty of March 21,1866, for the fiscal
year ending Jane 30, 1867.
Interest on $20,000 from the date' of the ratification
of the treaty, at the rate of five per cent, per annum,
to be paid annually for the support of tho «Semmote
government, as per third articlo treaty of March 21,
186ft. for the fiscal year ending June 30,1867.
For this amount to be expended for subsisting the
Seminole Indians as per third article treaty of March
21.1866, $40,362.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to pay the losses that may be awarded
under the provisions of article four of treaty of
March 21, 18613, as per third article of said treaty,
$50,000.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to pay the expenses of a board of com-
missioners. to be appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior, to investigate tho losses of the loyal Semi-
nole Indians, as per fourth article treaty of March
21 1866, $720.
For the erection of agency buildings, as per sixth
article of treaty of Mareh 21,1866, $10,000.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
cause a census of each tribe to be taken, as per
first clause seventh article treaty of March 21,1866,
$2,500.
For transportation of such articles as may be pur-
chased under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior for the Seminole Indians, under treaty of
March 21,1866, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1867, or so much thereof as may be necessary, $12,000.
These are the estimates to carry out the third,
fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh articles of the
■treaty with theSeminoles made since the Indian
appropriation bill was passed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am also instructed
by the Committee on Indian Affairs to offer the
following amendment to carry into effect the
treaty with the Creeks:
Appropriations required for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with the Creek nation of Indians under treaty
of June 14, 1866, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1887:
For this amount to be paid per capita in money,
unless otherwise directed by the President, upon the
ratification of the treaty, to enable the Indians to
occupy, restore, and improve their farms, to pay the
damage sustained by the mission school, and to pay
the delegates of the council as per third article treaty
of June 14,1866, $200,000.
_ Interest on $775,168, from the date of tho ratifica-
tion of treaty, at the rate of five per cent, per an-
num, to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, as per third article treaty of
June 14,1866, for the fiscal year ending Junc30,1867.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
cause the line dividing the Creek country as provided
for in the terms of the sale of Creek land to tho Uni-
ted States in article third, as per eighth articlo treaty
of June 14,1866, $4,000.
For the erection of agency buildings, as per ninth
article treaty of June 14, 1866,^10,000.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may he
necessary, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
cause a census of the Creeks to be taken as per first
clause tenth article treaty of June 14,1866, $2,500.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to pay the expenses incurred in negotiat-
ing treaty of June 14,1866, as per fourteenth article
of said treaty, $10,000.
For transportation of such articles as may be pur-
chased tor the Creek nation of Indians, under treaty
of June 14,1866, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1867, or so much thereof as may be necessary, $7,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RIDDLE. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted, That the compensation of
each Senator, Representative, and Delegate in Con-
gress shall be $5,000 per year, and mileage as now
provided by law; and this provision shall be con-
strued to operate from the beginning of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress.
I do not intend—I am not well enough if I
desired to do so—to occupy the time of the
Senate in discussing this proposition; but Sen-
ators have shown a disposition of late to be
generous to others, and I think it now becomes
them to be just to themselves. We have been
detained here eight months during this session,
and there is no Senator on this floor who can
say that his salary for the year will pay his
expenses during the session. We are increas-
ing salaries everywhere. We are giving clerks
more than we get ourselves. We are exhaust-
ing our energies, we are ruining our health,
and we are really not getting enough to pay
our house rent and marketing. I ask the calm
consideration of the Senate upon this proposi-
tion. It is certainly not an extravagant one.
Every Senator will admit that we are paid less
than any employes of the Government, and
why this provision should not be passed I can-
not imagine. I leave it to older Senators to
say what they will do with the subject.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer an
amendment to the amendment as a substitute
for it. It is to strike out all after the word
'1 that, "in the first line of the proposed amend-
ment, and insert:
The compensation of each Senator, Representa-
tive, and Delegate in Congress shall be $5,000 per
annum, to be computed from the first day of the pres-
ent session of Congress; and in addition thereto, mile-
age at the rate of twenty cents per mile, to.be esti-
mated by the nearest route usually traveled in going
to and returning from each regular session; but noth-
ing herein contained shall affect mileage accounts
alread3?accruedunderexistiuglaws: Provided, That
hereafter mileage accounts of Senators shall be cer-
tified by the President of the Senate, and those of
Representatives and Delegates by the Speaker of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. JOHNSON. Theobjectiontotheamend-
ment to the amendment, if it is subject to ob-
jection, is to the clause which relates to mile-
age. Twenty cents would pay a Senator him-
self, but we have got into the practice—and a
good one it is upon every account—of bring-
ing'our families here. It does not refer to
me, because it costs me nothing; but to give
twenty cents to a gentleman bringing his family
with him, is not to pay his expenses at all. It
was the opinion of Mr. Calhoun, and I think
I have seen evidence of its justice more than
once, that one of the bonds of the Union was
the mileage. The distant States would be more
likely, or just as likely, to be kept from leaving
the Union because of this mileage provision as
by any other cause of a similar character. Now,
I suppose we will all admit that it is much bet-
ter that Senators should have their families
with them than that they should leave them at
home and be here by themselves. Upon every
account it is better; but they cannot do that,
bring them here, or take them away, for any-
thing like twenty cents a mile.
Mr. HENDERSON. I modify my amend-
ment to the amendment by striking out the
words "session of," at the suggestion of s,ome
Senators, and leave the compensation to be
computed from "the first day of the present
Congress" instead of tho first session of the
present Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the amendment will be so mod-
ified.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, if this
proposition be adopted, the compensation and
pay of members of Congress, to be compen-
sated from the beginning of the present Con-
gress, will be*$5,000 a year and twenty cents
mileage. Senators are aware that the mileage
now is forty cents. The proposition as origi-
nally presented by the Senator from Delaware
is to pay §5,000 and forty cents mileage. I
will not vote for that proposition. I will not
vote any longer for the extravagant and extraor-
dinary mileage that we are paying. We are pay-
ing too much mileage. We can strike off a part
of that mileage, and yet give to members of
Congress a fair compensation. We can save
some sixty thousand dollars in mileage, putting
the compensation at $5,000 per annum, and
yet pay every cent that ought to be paid in the
way of compensation to members of Congress.
The difference now between the pay of mem-
bers of Congress is too great. For instance,
wo pay to one of the California members
$16,964 80 per Congress; that is, $8,482 per
year. We pay to another one of the members
$17,124 80. We pay to one of the Oregon
members $17,936, and to another of them
$17,936, the same sum. We are paying to each
one of those members $11,936 in the way of
mileage alone, their compensation being only
$6,000; the mileage being double as much as
their regular pay. I hope those Senators will
pardon me for referring to this subject, because
it is a thing we must refer 'to in talking about
the question of compensation. We are com-
pelled to do it. In the same proportion is this
thing unjivst in regard to other members who
live not so far as the Oregon and California
members, but still who live at a great distance
from the capital.
The original mileage was adopted before rail-
roads were known in this country, and the idea
upon which it was adopted was that it was to be
a part of the compensation of members. No
idea was entertained that it was to be a part
of the compensation for traveling expenses,
but it was to be compensation for services ren-
dered. In other words, those members could
not get home in order to transact qny business,
and therefore they ought to be paid a larger
compensation. Now, sir, a member from Min-
nesota or Wisconsin can go home just as easily
as a member from Pennsylvania. I say as
easily; I speak comparatively. Perhaps my
friend from Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague] will
lose a day in going home, and a Senator going
to St. Paul will lose two and a half days. Now,
what is tho difference? The Senator from
Rhode Island gets comparatively nothing in
the shape of mileage. He gets his $3,000 a year,
the amount that we pay to almost any clerk
here about the Capitol, and he gets nothing
more; while a gentleman who comes from
Minnesota gets some three or four thousand
dollars in the shape of mileage. Is that right?
Is there that difference? Why, sir, he can go
home in the course of two and a half or three
days. He can attend to business just as well
as the Senator from Rhode Island can.
Here is my friend from New York, [Mr.
Harris,] living at Albany, New York; what
compensation does he draw in the shape of
mileage? Here is the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessenden,] what mileage does he get?
He gets some three or four hundred dollars in
the shape of mileage every year. Can he go
home to transact any business any more than
the Senator from Minnesota sitting farthest
from me, [Mr. Ramsey?] Has he been able
to go home and transact any business during
this session? The Senator from Minnesota
gets some two or three thousand dollars in the
shape of mileage, and my friend from Maine
gets scarcely more than enough to pay his way
here.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to correct the Sen-
ator from Missouri. There is no Senator from
Minnesota who receives two or three thousand
dollars mileage.
Mr. HENDERSON. You ought to get it.
Mr. RAMSEY. We do not get it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will read what the
Senator receives; I mean for the two sessions.
I am not referring to the Senator for the pur-
pose of calling in question his mileage, but only
for the purpose of the argument and illustration.
The Senator from Maine to whom I referred
receives for mileage $984, which is about cor-
rect, for the two sessions, for a Congress. My
friend from Minnesota need not have become
excited on the subject, for I see that he draws
$3,808 in the shape of mileage every Congress ;
that is $1,904 each session. I stated the amount
lower than it really is; but I only referred to it
for the purpose of illustration. I say that the
Senator from Maine can no more attend to busi-'
ness in the State of Maine and attend to his
duties here than the Senator from Minnesota.
It is perfectly unjust to have this distinction in
compensation.
Tho Senator from Maryland asks me what
his mileage is. I have been inquiring into the
subject of mileage, not for the purpose of com-
menting upon the mileage of any particular
Senaior, but for the mere purpose of showing
the inadequacy of the compensation of some
Senators. The Senator from Maryland receives
$77 20 per Congress; that is, $38 60 for each
session of Congress; and he receives $3,000
per year for his services in this body. Is that
any compensation?
I know that a great deal of objection will be
made to any increase of the compensation of
members. We are all perfectly aware that the
present compensation is about the compensa
tion that was adopted some fifty years ago
It is true it was eight dollars per day with the
very same mileage that we r#w have, but it
amounted to about the same thing when Con-
