1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8115
that it do pass, the bill of the Senate (S. No.
32^) for the relief of Mrs. Abigail Ryan.
'The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mrs. Abigail Ryan, widow
of Thomas A. Ryan, late a sergeant in com-
pany B, seventeenth West Virginia volunteers,
upon the pension-roll, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. COFFROTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ABSENCE DURING SESSIONS.
Mr. TROWBRTDGE. I desire to ask leave
for the members of the Committee on Enrolled
Bills to be absent during the sessions of this
House. At this period of the session it be-
comes necessary for some one or more mem-
bers of the committee to be absent during the
sitting of the House for the purpose of com-
paring bills and presenting them to the Presi-
dent, for signature.
No objection was made, and leave was
granted accordingly.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a joint res-
olution and bill of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same, namely:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 69) making an
appropriation to enable the President to ne-
gotiate treaties with certain Indian tribes; and
An act (II. I'. No. G21) to regulate and
secure the safe-keeping of public money in-
trusted to disbursing officers of the United
States.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. COOK. I desire to enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House, on
yesterday, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary a bill to limit the time for bringing
suits before the Court of Claims.
appointment to and removal from office.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desirejo enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House yes-
terday recommitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary a bill for the regulation of appoint-
ments to and removals from office.
MICHIGAN MILITIA.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of certain com-
panies of Michigan militia; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
canal and sewerage company.
The House then resumed the consideration
of Senate bill No. 190, to incorporate the District
of Columbia Canal and Sewerage Company.
The pending question was upon the motion of
Mr. Stevens to reconsider the votes by which
the House agreed to sundry amendments to the
bill; upon which Mr. F. Thomas was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, I am very
sensible that my physical condition is hardly
such as to justify my taking any extended part
in this discussion. But the House has so kindly
adjourned this discussion from day to day that
I cannot with any propriety ask for any farther
indulgence in that respect at this time.
I shall content myself at this time with ex-
cluding all collateral matters and presenting
as brief a statement of the facts of this case as
I can possibly make consistent with my desire
to be understood, referring to the laws that
seem to me to bear materially upon this ques-
tion. In now taking part in this debate I
depart from my almost uniform habit of silence
in Congress; and it is right for me to say that
this bill is one which, in my judgment, is vitally
important to my immediate constituents. And
because it is in many respects of a local char-
acter, a duty is devolved upon me which per-
haps no othermemberof this House will under-
take to discharge—the dnty of endeavoring to
place before this House the facts and the law
which govern this case.
And after having examined, with a great
deal of care, all the laws of Congress and all
the laws of the States of Maryland and Vir-
ginia that seem to have relation to this subject,
I must be permitted to express my surprise that
such a proposition as that now under consid-
eration could be reported from the Committee
for the District of Columbia. The proposition
is equivalent to seizing a very large amount
of property invested under a solemn compact
entered into between the Government of the
United States and the States of Maryland and
Virginia. And not only that, but it proposes
to leave on the hands of the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal Company another amount of prop-
erty, costing originally, I suppose, $500,000;
for which the corporators, to whom it is now
proposed to make this grant, are to give not
one dollar, although they are to be benefited
by all that enormous expenditure.
Now, that 1 may not be suspected of mak-
ing these very round assertions without just
warrant, a little detail at this point is indispen-
sable. The Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Com-
pany was organized in 1823, 1824, and 1825,
under acts passed by the Legislatures of Vir-
ginia and Maryland, and by the Congress of
the United States during that interval of time.
By this charter they were authorized to begin
a canal where it now begins, at the western
terminus of the Washington canal, and to ex-
tend it across the Alleghany mountains. But
that has been abandoned since the introduc-
tion of railroads, a.nd it now terminates in the
town of Cumberland, in the coal regions.
Eveiy precaution was taken by the States of
Maryland and Virginia to prevent any disturb-
ance in the future of the rights they were thus
soliciting from Congress. And it is not out of
place for mo to say here that those precautions
wore wise and exhibited much foresight. Al-
though Virginia put in a small sum toward the
construction of that large work, Maryland has
now invested in it nearly seventeen million dol-
lars. Now let me recur, in the presence of law-
yers here, to the precautions taken, and then
we can judge whether Congress will undertake
to disregard every obligation Congress has as-
sumed and trample under foot the rights of a
corporation which owes its very existence to
the laws to .which 1 refer, and give to non-resi-
dents of the District all the advantages that are
to be derived in part from the large expendi-
tures others have made.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas] give
way to allow me to make a motion to postpone
this bill until December next?
Mr. F. THOMAS. 1 will say, diverging at
right angles from the line of argument L have
been pursuing, that no motion could be more
appropriate.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I am willing
to submit that motion if the gentleman will
yield to me for that purpose.
Mr. F. THOMAS. 1 will do so with pleas-
ure. But first, let me make a remark or two to
show the great propriety of such a motion.
Two months ago, or more, the Senate, by a
resolution, called upon the Secretary of War
to appoint engineers to examine this Washing-
ton canal and report a mode of improvement
to accomplish two purposes—one in reference
to the sanitary condition, and the other in ref-
erence to the commercial capabilities of the
canal. Those engineers have reported, and 1
have that report before me. Those engineers
have reported to Congress a plan of improve-
ment to relieve us from all apprehension in
regard to the health of the city, such as was
felt at the beginning of this session from the
condition in which the canal was then found.
The course so pointed out by the engineers has
been pursued by the corporate authorities of
Washington until the board of health inter-
posed and forbade any further work upon it at
this season of the year. This was not done,
however, until the improvements on the canal
removed all apprehension of its evil influence
on the health of the city.
Those engineers also reserved to themselves
the right to make a more full and comprehen-
sive report as to themodeandmannerin which
this improvement shall further be conducted
by Congress if Congress shall see proper to
take it in hand with a view to its commercial
capabilities. Those engineers have not yet
completed their labors, and the House will
therefore see at once that this question is not
ripe for action at this time. But they will have
time to complete their labors long before the
period to which it is now proposed by the gen-
tleman over the way this bill shall be post-
poned. And then Congress can resume the
consideration of the subject with a full knowl-
edge of all the bearings of the question upon
the commerce and convenience of the seat of
Government, and the commerce and conven-
ience of that glorious section of country that
I have the honor to represent upon this floor.
I acquiesce cheerfully in the proposition to
postpone this subject.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, not taking the
floor when Mr. F. Thomas resumed his seat,
Mr. COBB obtained the floor, and was rec-
ognized by the Speaker pro tempore, [Mr.
Beamax.]
Mr. DAVTS. In the temporary absence of
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harding,] I
will move to postpone the further consideration
of this bill until December next.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I will do what I have
never done before in a deliberative assembly,
call the previous question upon the motion to
postpone.
Mr. COBB. I believe I am entitled to the
floor.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I did not yield the floor,
except upon the understanding that a motion
to postpone should be made.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understood that the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. F. Thomas] had taken his seat, and there-
fore recognized the gentleman from Wisconsin
[Mr. Conn] as obtaining the floor.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I only yielded to a motion
to postpone, after having made sfime remarks
upon that proposition to show the propriety
of it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will ask the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. F.
Thomas] if he demanded the previous question
before he yielded the floor and took his seat.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I have never yielded the
floor at all, but for a motion to postpone to be
made.
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Haudtkg]
notified the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. F.
'Thomas,] while he was addressing the House
upon this bill, that he would move to postpone
this bill until December next,, if the gentleman
from Maryland would yield to him for that pur-
pose. The gentleman from Maryland said lie
would yield for that purpose, but before doing
so kc would give some reasons why the motion
to postpone should prevail. Having concluded
his remarks upon that point, he called upon
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harding]
to make that motion, taking his seat for that
purpose. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Harding] not, responding, the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] then claimed the floor.
I then arose and addressed the Chair and sub-
mitted the motion which the gentleman from
Illinois did not submit, so as to accomplish
the purpose for which the gentleman from
Maryland resumed his seat.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I do not think there can
be any doubt in reference to the matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Maryland. The House was about, to vote on
the motion to postpone, when the gentleman
resumed his seat and the floor was given to the
gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. F. THOMAS. 1 yielded the floor only
