1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2155
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 21. And be it further enact ed, That tho mcdical
department of the Army shall hereafter consist or
onesuigcon general, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of a brigadier general; one assistant sur-
geon general, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of a colonel of cavalry; eighty surgeons, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of majors of cavalry;
one hundred and sixty assistant surgeons, with the
rank pav and emoluments ot first lieutenants ol
cavalry lor the first throe years' service, and with
the rank pay, and emoluments of captains of cav-
alry after three years' service; and five medical store-
keepers. with the same compensation as is now pro-
vided by law; and at least two thirds of the original
vacancies in the grades of surgeon and assistant
surgeon shall be filled by selection from among the
persons who have served as staff or regimental sur-
geons ov assistant surgeons of voluntceisin the Army
of the United Slates two years during the late war,
and one third from similar officers of the regular
Army: and persons who have served as assistant
surgeons three years in the volunteer service shall be
eligible for promotion to the grade of captain.
Mr. COXKLING. I move to amend, tliis
section by insertingafterthe word ''selection''
the words "by competitive examination." I
do not wish to argue it because it argues itself,
so far as it is susceptible of argument. As the
section stands now, very likely that is the
design.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does the gentleman intend
any change in the present mode of examina-
tion, which is, to note the degree of excellence
and select from those who stand highest?
Mr. CONIvLINGr. If that is the mode, then
it accomplishes what I supposed was intended.
In one of the Senate bills these words were
retained. The chairman ofthc committee seems
to think it is all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCIIBNCK, General Paine has an
amendment which i think the House will prob-
ably approve, one which, if it prevails, will
obviate the necessity for the next section. The
amendment, I believe, is somewhere in the
House. I have not been able to get it and
offer it as he requested.
Mr. HALE. I have the amendment which
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine]
wished to propose, and I offer it on his behalf.
I will not argue it.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
In section twenty-one, line five, after the word
"cavalry," insert tho following : ...
Two chief medical purveyors, and five assistant
medical purveyors, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments ot lieutenant colonels of cavalry, who spall
give "the same bonds which are or may be required
of assistant paymasters general of like grade, and
shall, when not acting as purveyors, be assignable
to duty as surgeons by the President.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WENTWORTIT. Will my friend yield
to me one moment to give a notice?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
EYEXIXG BUSINESS.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I give notice to the
House, and also to the Speaker, that to;night
during the pendency of the Pacific railroad
bill I shall call for the rigid enforcement of
the rules of the House in respect to the lobby.
It is getting to be a large and powerful insti-
tution. I think we can run the machine alone.
I give the doorkeepers notice.
Mr. R A ND AI ;L, of Pennsylvania. 1 would
aslc whether it is the intention to take a vote on
the Pacific railroad bill to-night.
Mr. WASHB17RNE, of Illinois. I hope
there will be no attempt to do business unless
there is a quorum present.
Mr. PIUCE. In answer to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] I will say
that that is the intention.
Mr. WASHBUUNE, of Illinois. I am very
sorry to hear the gentleman slate that it is the
intention to obtain a vote on this measure to-
night, a measure which I undertake to say is
ofSmore importance than any which will come
before this House, imolving $00,000,000 and
an amount of land so great that——
Several Meiibbes, "Order!" "Order!"
iteorgakizatiox of tub ak31y—AGAIN.
Mr. SCHENCK. I gave way to allow the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] to
give a notice to the House, and not for a
de-bate. I must resume the floor.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Hale] in behalf of the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] fixes
the number of officers who may be detailed
as medical purveyors, as provided for in the
twenty-second section; but it transfers them
to this twenty-first section, making them re-
sponsible bonded officers. There is a pro-
priety in this, because there is very consider-
able "trust reposed in these officers and there
has been a very great deal of abuse, leading to
trouble, in the Surgeon General's department
arising from the proceedings of detailed medi-
cal purveyors.
I wish the House to understand that if this
amendment to the twenty-first section shall
prevail, I shall move to strike out the twenty-
second section.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I demand the
previous ^question on the section, with the pend-
ing amendment.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, being upon the
amendment offered by Mr. Hale.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
54, noes 21; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Messrs. Hale and
Ross were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The twenty-second section was then read, as
follows:
Sec.-2. And be i* further cnactcd, That the Secre-
tary of War may detail a surgeon as chief medical
purveyor, who, while performing such duty, shall bo
in charge of the principal purchasing and i<sumg
depot of medical supplies, and shall havo the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a coloncl of cavalry; and
tho Secretary of War may in like manner detail not.
to exceed live medical officers as assistant mcdical
purveyors, who, while performing such duty in tho
ditterent geographical divisions or departments, shall
have the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant
colonels of cavalry.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that that section
be stricken out.
Tho motion was agreed to.
The twenty-third section was then read, as
follows:
Sf,c. 23. And be it further enactcd, That the pay
department of tho Army shall hereafter consist of
one paymaster general, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of a brigadier general; two assistant paymas-
ter generals, with tho rank, pay, and emoluments ot
colonels of cavaby; two assistant paymaster gen-
erals, with the rank, pay, and emoluments ot lieuten-
ant colonels of cavalry; and forty paymasters, with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of majors oi cavahy;
uiul the original vacancies inthe fer.ule ot raajorshall
be filled by Fclections from those persQns who have
served faithfully as paymasters or additional pay-
masters in the Army of the Tjnited States m 1 he late
war. And hereafter no graduate ot the United estates
Military Academy, being at the time m the Army
of the United States, or having been at any tune
for three yeais next preceding, shall bo eligible to
appointment as an officer in tne pay department.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend that sec-
tion by adding thereto the tollowing:
But this provision shall not extend to graduates
of West Point now in the pay department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Atfairs to nioveto amend
this section by striking out in line seven the
word "forty," and inserting ''fifty" in lieu
! thereof. Sixty were asked for and are still
i asked for, but Ihe committee determined upon
! forty. But the committee have instructed me
' now to move to strike out " forty ! and inseit
! '■ fifty."' and in explanation of that determina-
i tion 1 will simply ask to have read a eommuni-
j cation from General Brice, the head of that
I department. ,
i i know, sir. that the heads of departments
are verv apt to ask for all they think they can
get but I know of no man on whose good sense
and clearness of judgment in reference to the
affairs of his department I would more rely than
upon that of General Brice. ...
I give to the House his opinion in reference
to this matter by having his letter read. I ask
the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
War Department,
Paymaster General's Office^
Washington, April 16,1886.
Sir: In compliance with your request, I have tho
honor to suggest the reasons for my conviction that
the numb or of paymasters (forty) provided in your
bill for the reorganization of the Army is quite in-
sufficient for the necessities of the service. After a
full consideration of the subject, I am well convinced,
that a less number than the one fixed in the Senato
bill (sixty) will prove inadequate—an unsafe allow-
ance.
Our troops are now being disposod of in the estab-
lishment of small posts all over the public domain
on both slopes of the Rocky mountains. From the
head waters of the Missouri river down the plains and
through the mountain passes to the intersection of
the south line of the United States with the Colorado
river. On the upper Mississippi, m the expanse of
Indian country lying between the waters of tho Mis-
sissippi and Missouri rivers, extending north almost
to the line of the British possessions. Then, on the
Pacific slope, from Los Angclos, in California, to tho
upper confines of Washington Territory.
Our Army establishment proposed is to be fourfold
larger than before the war, and with probably three
times as many military posts as ever heretofore ex-
isted in the history of the country. Most of these
latter arc in the ranges of the Indians, wheio travel
overland by paymasters with money must of neces-
sity bo under tho protection of military escorts. T am
sure that no one in the service has had more varied
and abundant experience in that sort of locomotion
than I have had. For the most part of ten years I
was engaged in paying troops in New Mexico, Ari-
zona, western Texas, and on tho plains of the \V est
north of the Arkansas river and extending up to i ort
Randall, on the upper Missouri river.
Such traveling has to be done with wagons to carry
the supplies for tho party, including the cseort, cm-
I bracing subsistence, camp equipage, cooking utensils,
i &c. A train of this character can only make twenty
I to thirty miles per day, and where it is not practica-
i ble to carry or procure forage tor the animals even a
1 leas distance is made per day from the necessity ot
givinc ample time for the animals to graze. >
It will be readily seen from this how slow is loco-
motion on the plains when large sums ot money aro
at stake and must be protected; and how little can
be accomplished in a given time byasinglc paymaster
under such circumstances. ^ , T
As an instance of the past: when Fort Laramie
was our extreme western post this side oi the itocky
mountains, with only one (Fort Kearney) intermedi-
ate between that and Kort Leavenworth, each two-
company posts, a paymaster supplied with luiias at
Leavenworth set out to pay the four companies sta-
tioned respectively at Kearney and Laramie—tho
distance to the latter from Leavenworth seven hun-
dred and thirty miles. Here is the result: j)a!f9
Going 730 miles, at 20 miles per day 88
Pay in™ refitting,'and other unavoidable iieiays„.jt
Total..
.76
Thus, to pay only four companies situated as de-
scribed, starting from tho nearest point where money
•was available, required two and one halt mouths ot
time. Suppose the most favorable condition ot things,
and this time could not be reduced to less than two
"it may bo thought, that escorts and trains are ex-
pensive appliances for the mere conveyance ot pay-
masters in the execution of their duties; butproperly
considered they are. not so. The transportation
material is necessarily kept on hand at the pioper
depots to meet the various exigencies ol the service,
and it is as well employed as idle. . ,, ,
So ofthc troops used as escorts. Nothing is added
to the current expenses of the Government, wnile tho
moral effect, upon the Indians, of these «e<iu™t
exclusions through their country is unquestionably
Saif before the war. with an average of twelve thou-
sand men,twenty-live paymasters wcrescarcely snffi-
cient for tho demand, is it not reasonable to calculate
that with a forco of fifty to seventy and
with the number ot stations from two totluee ^times
increased, that sixty paymasters are not too mw1
I treat of a subject entirely familiar to mo. in mak-
ing my estimate. And I much question if futme
i experience does not demonstrate that estimate
1 short rather than in excess ot the demand.
i X be" to recur to another point in yours as well as
] the Senate bill which I venture to suggest needs
I W Yoifrtw'entv-thiril section provides, " that tho pay
1 department of the Army shall hereafter consist of
: one paymaster general, with the ijnk, pay, and
emoluments of a brigadier general &a how, why
i is it not better that it read tuus: that the pas master
! general shall havo the rank, pay, &e.. of a bngaiher
general, and that tho pay depaitmentof the Aimy
i shall hereafter consistof sueh paymastergoneial.two
| assistant paymaster generals, &c. w , a
Your phraseology used will result m 
I vacancy in the oftice of paymaster geneial, the pres
ent incumbent holding onlv the rank ofcolon el.
Now, as that incumbent has exercised thcftmetio
ofthc oihee for near two yeais and throufflitn.^
cMtieuit era 01 "• - r)laee
entertained no purpose him out of ser-
to another, then the act of le^ slat d end,
Sfw^o°n^^^rS.y!c^rmedgas Paymaster
General, and without.WPOSition.^^ ^ ^ thcaotkm
inqu^foGnd to take'effcot&om its (MW, thero
