THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or #Uiiishedassijch; l>utin cascof warVehigloried
-by one or m or oof tho States against the United States,
T n A rVA*T ,-i 4? AM AU MA J_*   1 '1. _  J iL _ ' _
of war and of nations.
. This provision "was not adopted," says Mr.
Martin, "and the consequence is that the State,
and every one <|£ its citizens who acts under
.its authority (in making war upon the Govern-
ment of the nation) are guilty of a direct act of
treason.'' (Elliot's Debates, vol. 1, page 382.)
I receive this construction of Mr. Martin as
^Correct exposition of the constitutional pro-
Vision. in respect to treason, with the under-
. standing that the-word-State is *used by him as
syftonymo'tts' with Jhe words '' all the citizens of
a-Sfaie," .which is really the only true signifi-
cation^ that term when used in connection
with moral responsibility.
This national Government, which it has been
my endeavor to elucidate, was in operation sev-
enty-two years, bringing "order out of chaos,"
, and changing an impotent !; Confederacy'' into
a great republican empire whose banner, illus-
trative of unity—"JSpluribus urmrn"—floated
in every breeze, and afforded protection to
every citizen in every land. Under its benign
influence, the bounds of dominion had been
. extended to the Pacific ocean, and the country
had increased in wealth and population to an
extent unparalleled in the annals of nations.
Over the heads of its citizens it had shed the
blessings of peace and personal security; and
overflowing prosperity was seen everywhere to
abound.
"I look npon this country, with our institu-
tions," said Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, in No-
vember, 18G0, "as the Eden of the world—the
Paradise of the universe.'' It was to break
down and destroy this beneficent Government, )
to blight this earthly paradise, that the serpent 1
of secession entered into the garden of our
national prosperity.
On the_20th ot December, 1860. an ordinance
of secession was adopted by the delegates of
the people of South Carolina, declaring that the
Union then subsisting between that and other
States, under the name of the United States
of America, was thereby dissolved; and ono of
the distinguished actorsin the treasonable work,
had the impudence to exclaim ;
"Wo have now pulled a temple down that has been
built three quarters of a century. We must clear tho
xubbisa away to reconstruct another.3'
In quick succession five other States followed
the example of South Carolina; and in Febru-
ary, 1861, the much-vaunted southern confed-
eracy was formed at Montgomery, in Alabama.
On the morning of the 12th of' April, under
orders from L. P. Walker, confederate secre-
tary. of war, the rebels at Charleston opened
fire upon Fort Sumter, and thus inaugurated'a
civil war which, in four years, cost (he nation
half a million lives, and an amount of wealtii
beyond the measure of reasonable computa-
tion.
The people of eleven States had formally ab-
solved themselves from all allegiance to the
Government of the United States, and had made
use of all their material resources to effect its j
full and final overt hrow. They had marshaled |
mighty armies in the field. They had sent armed i
ships to prey upon the commerce of the country !
in distant seas, Ihcy had sent i heir emissaries, j
with torches, to burn the dwellings of loyal citi- j
zens, and with the seeds of pestilence to destroy j
their lives. They had resorted to starvation to J
thin the ranks of captive soldiers. Inline, they ;
had used every means, practiced by civilized or !
barbarous nations, to break down and destroy '
the constitutional Government of the United !
States, and wore only prevented from accom- !
pushing their work by the heroic endurance and
pain otic valor of oureitizen soldiers. Thevhad i
refused terms of pacification unless accom- 1
pained by what they claimed as a sine </ua non \
the acknowledged independence of the south- i
ern confederacy.
At length their armies were discomfited in the ■'
field and compelled to surrender. The!" chief ,
exec-iv, ive was captured and thrown into ;>n'so.i j !i
and their "confederacy" w^s dissipated "like
Jamfary 5,
the baseless fabric of a vision," The fragment-
ary population of eleven revolted States, ac-
knowledging their defeat in the ordeal of battle,
but showing no signs of regret for their gigantic
treason against the best rights of man, now un-
blushingly claim an immediate restoration to a
full participation in the councils of the Repub-
lic. Their advocates insist that their ordinances
of secession were nullities, and, consequently,
"they were never out of the Union." Hence,
their Senators and Representatives are entitled
to seats in Congress,in an equal degree with those
from States whose sons gave their lives to save
the nation.
Another class of politicians claim that the
rebellious communities of the South voluntarily
abjured all allegiance to the United States, and,
having set up and fought to maintain another
and distinct government, they had ceased to
exist as States in the American Union. Per-
haps a middle ground may be entered upon, that
will reconcile these extreme views without do-
ing especial violence to either. There is obvi-
ously in our complex system of government a
power that governs and a subordinate power
that is the subject of government. The States,
when in harmony with the Constitution and rep-
resented in Congress, may properly be called
tlje governing power of the nation. The Terri-
tories and the District of Columbia are no less
in "the Union" than the States just mentioned,
but they form no part of the governing power of
the nation they are governed by the Congress.
A community may be in the Union in one sense
of the word and not in the Union in another
and different sense. A State may be in the
Union as the subject of government, when, by
reason of its misconduct, it has forfeited its
privileges as a part of the governing power. In
this last sense it is not in the Union. I know
not but the President means the same thing
when he says—
"The States attempting to secede placed them-
selves m a condition where their vitality was im-
paired but not extinguished; their functions sus-
pended, but not destroyed."
Indeed, it would be shocking to our sensibil-
ities, to hear it soberly claimed that the rebel
States, after abjuring all allegiance to the Gov-
ernment of the nation, and carrying on a furi-
ous war for its overthrow, had a constitutional
right to appear in its halls of legislation, and
take part in the enactment of its laws, by sim-
ply acknowledging their inability to contend
with it in arms.
^ If a State once in the Union is always in the
Union, as a branch of the governing power,
how would it have operated if, while the Thirty-
Eighth Congress was striving, in the face of a
formidable opposition in its own body, to raise
the necessary supplies to enable General Grant
and his patriotic braves to " fight it out on the
line from the Rapidun to Richmond, Sena-
tors and Representatives had appeared from
enough of the rebel States to overcome, by their
votes, the patriotic majority in Congress? The
bare statement of the question shows the utter
absurdity of the proposition.
I now assume, for the sake of argument, that
the Presidenti.= correct when he takes the ground
that •'tile vitality" ot the rebellious States "is
impaired, but not extinguished; their func-
tions suspended, but not destroyed." "Where
does the Constitution of the United States lodge
the power to prescribe an effective remedy for
this impaired vitality, and to restore to healthy
action these suspended functions? My learned
Mend from New York [Mr. Raymond] thinks
it is lodged in tho hands of the "President as 1
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of •
the United States." I maintain that it is given •
to_ the Congress of the United States bv force !
of the l_a.-t clause in die eighth seetion'of the !j
first article of the Constitution, which provides i!
that Congress shall have power— ij
To make all laws which shall he necessary and
proper lor cam nig into execution theforegoinif pow-
ers   iire^.y granted | and all n! her powers vested
,^oii-ritutiou in the <\oveni!nentot the United
bta.es. or in any department or otiieer thereof," I
I his clause vest s the instrumentality by which '
all "implied powers'' are called into action i
expressly m Congress, even such as may be
necessary to carry into effect those expressly
delegated to the President. In time of war
and when tho life of the Republic was in dan-
ger,^ this' high officer of the Government was,
at times, necessarily in the exercise of dicta-
' torial power. In time of peace, he can right-
fully exercise no power unless it be expressly
vested in him by the Constitution, or by act of
Congress. Of this there can be no reasonable
doubt. The discretionary powers of the Gov-
ernment were intended to be lodged in the mem-
bers of Congress, who are responsible to the '
people of their respective States and districts,
and to them alone, for the manner in which
they discharge the solemn trust.
It is high time, Mr. Chairman, that the peo-
ple of the United States should insist that the
'ship of State" be overhauled and put in con- •
stitutional trim. She has b?en cxposedto tem-
pestuous gales and angry billows; but now,
haying weathered the storm of secession and
strife, and being brought, by skillful pilots and
a gallant crew, into a peaceful haven, it will be
no more than an ordinary precaution to '' sound
the pumps.''
I have great confidence in that self-taught
statesman who now, to a great extent, wields
the destinies of the American Republic'; and I
here make my humble protestation against the
attempts of any man or set of men, in Con-
gress or out of Congress, to place the majority
of this House, with whom I feel it an honor to
act, in an attitude of hostility to the President
so long as he confines himself to the exercise
of his own just prerogatives. Shall we, for
slight causes, distrust him who, not unlike the
seraph portrayed by Milton—
"Faithful found,
Anions the faithless, faithful only he;
Among innumerable false, unmoved.
Unshaken, unseduced, untcrrified,
His loyalty he kept, his love, his zeal?"
Thus far I do believe ho has most conscien-
tiously followed in the footsteps of his mar-
tyred predecessor. Although I am decidedly
of opinion that it would ha\ e been right and
proper in calling the first legislative bodies
into action, in the rebel States, to have used the
suffrages of all loyal freemen, without respect
to color, and to have rejected' the votes of all
who had participated in tho war against the
Government, I do not see but that a contrary
precedent was established by Mr. Lincoln in
his amnesty proclamation of "December, 18G3.
So, also, the reconstruction bill passed by Con-
gress^ in 1864, provided for the enrollment of
'white male citizens" only, as voters.
In the matter of appointing provisional gov-
ernors, and in advising the conventions of del-
egates, by them assembled, to abjure slavery
and the rebel debt, I find no good cause for
complaint. As to the ratification of the amend-
ment to the United States Constitution. I am
disposed to hold that, the action of the so-called
Legislatures of the rebel States, did "neither
good nor harm." The amendment was fully
ratified by three fourths of all the States repre-
sented in Congress, and acting in harmony with
the Government, at. the time the two-thirds vote
was given in that body, and no additional sanc-
tions were wanted, as none in fact could be
given by assemblies of men having 110 share in
the governing power of the nation. I regret
exceedingly that the President did not wait for
the action of Congress,'wdiich was being ma-
tured with all due respect to his high privileges
as a coordinate branch of the Government, be-
fore he dismissed his provisional governors
and turned over to men, lately dyed in the blood
of our sons, the executive duties of the rebel
States. Rut that is a matter of no vital impor-
tance so long as a portion of our Army remaius
to guard the lives of Union men.
It remains to be seen whether now, when con-
fessedly the time has arrived when the war power
is to be laid aside and the civil power is to re-
sume its functions, the Congress of the United
States is to bo respected as the depositary of
"all legislative powers" granted by the people
in the Constitution we have sworn to uphold.
It is not only the privilege but tha constitutional
