2156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
will bo ail inter regnum during tho time required for
the action of tho appointing power and tho Senate,
which will likely embrace days, perhaps weeks, us all
the vacancies made under that section will likely bo
prepared andsent up in one list.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
B. W. BRICE,
Paymaster General,
Hon. Robert C. Schenck, Chairman Military Com-
mittee-House of Jieprescntatives.
The question was taken on Mr. Schenck's
amendment; and there were—ayes 51, noes 21;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. grbinsell
and Boyer were appointed.
Mr. ROSS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose if we adjourn
now the yeas and nays can be taken to-mor-
row.
The SPEx\KER. If the House is in session
afc half past four o'clock, it will, under tho
order of yesterday, take a recess until half past
seven o'clock. If it adjourns before that time,
it will be to meet to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. SCHENCK. Jf that is to be the effect
of a motion to adjourn now, then I will not
make it.
Mr. ROSS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. PRICE. Cannot the House now take
a recess by unanimous consent?
The SPKAKEH. A recess can be taken
now by unanimous consent; or a motion to
take a recess until half past seven o'clock
would be in order.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that tlio House
now take a recess.
The SPEAIvHR. The motion to adjourn
takes precedence.
Mr. WAKUBURN13, of Illinois. I call the
yeas and nays upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and itwas decided
ill the negative—yeas iiti, nays 71, not voting
8(1 ; as follows:
Bore™, Boyer, Ohanlcr, Dcliino,
f'jlih'iillinck, (i lo.vf-hreiiiiei',(li'iMYohl, Hale, Anion
JIurclins.', Hayes, (llicstcr 1). ]liil>li;ml, i,Milium, Mar-
shall. iUarilon, Nicholson. Kilter, Urns, Slmnklin
;S|i:iMiu/r, Tabcr,Thayer,     Klilm Ji. Wash-
bui-ne, Willi,una, ami \\'ri:rlif- :.'u.
n^i Messrs. Allison, Amc-., Anderson, Baker,
Hunks, h.ixler, Beinnan, Ooninmin, lintwrll, lim/c-
Iniin, lli'ooniall, Auckland. Bumly, Sidney Hoike,
Cobb, Conliluis. Darlins, Halves, Det'roes, Uemiii'r
JJixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Drijtus, (iarlield, (liiniiell,
Ilenilevson, tloiliy, Uulluml, Jem-lira, Julian, Kits-
son, Kcllcv, Kelso, Kotehani, Kuyltenilnli, Lallin,
Ueorjro V. Lawi-oiiee, William Lawrence, Loan, Lonft-
yeriv, Lvueli, Mnrvin, JMoCIui'k, McKuer, Morcur,
Miller, iMiiorheml, Jlyov*. Nibluek, O'Neill,Ovlli 1'nt-
terson I'erliiim. Price, Willinm 11. llaiidull. John II.
luce, llollins, .Vheiiek.Ti'Owbrnltro, Upson, llurtVan
llorii, Robert T.Vanlloin, W diner, William B.
Washburn Welker. AVeiihvorlh. Wluiiey, Jilm«3 if.
WiKon, Wtixlniii, mid Wooilbrultfc.—71.
NOT YOTiNf.— Messrs. Alley, Aneona, I)elos It.
Af-hley. Jiiinos M. Ashley, Balilwin, JSiuker, Blaine
Wow, Bmilwell, Kmndiree, Bromwell, (lender W'
Claris1, roiiroth, Cook, Cullom, Culver, i>avis, Daw-
son, iJcnison, jHiniont, Kekley, b^kicsioii, 1'lliot,
1-aniswoilh, Farqnb.ir. Kerry, (ioodvear, (liider Ab-
ner (,. Ilankns, llauis. Hart, Hill, lloj-im, Holmes,
Jloooer, llolehkiss, Asahel W.lluhbiinl, De.mas Hnb-
bard. .John II. llnblninl, Edwin N. II iibbcll, James
K. II abbe) I. J a inc.- Humphrey, James M. llnmnhrey
InBcrsull .John-™. Jones, Kerr, Le liloml, MeOu'l-
!"T,U-"'1! JlelnJoe. McKec, iUoiiill, Morris, Moullon,
Newell, Noell, Paine. IlielpO'ike. Plants, l'omorov,
Kadford, S.Hnuel J. Kandull, lUyuiond. Alexander
11. Xliee, Rogers, Rousseau, Sawyer, Scolu-ld, Shella-
harser Sitgroavef, Sloan. Smith, Stan-, Stevens, Stil-
well, btrouse Taylor, Fruneis Thomas, John L.
.ThomasTrimble. Viin Aeniam.Waid. HenryD.Wash-
luun, Stcpuon 1(. \\ iUun, ana Winliclcl—80.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BHOO.MAIjL announced that Mr. Starr
was detained flora the House by sickness.
-'-^^Njol New York, announced
that Mr. Paixk was detained from the House
on account of sickness.
The result of the vote was stated as above.
CAPTUlm OP BOOTH AND HAROLD.
The SPEAKER. A communication was
receijfcd a few days since from the Secretary
of War in relation to the rewards for the cap-
ture of the assassins Booth and Harold, which
should go to the Committee on Appropriations:
It was laid upon the table at the time it was
received. If tliere is no objection it will be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
No objection was made, and it was referred
accordingly.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from tho Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled an act
(H. R. No. 500) making appropriations to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriation for the pub-
lic printing for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1806; when the Speaker signed the same.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived,
The House, pursuant to an order adopted
yesterday, took a recess till half past seven
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
duty on lite animals.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill imposing a duty oil live ani-
mals imported from foreign countries, and that
it be noted upon by the House at this time. If
there is a single objection, I will not press it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illi nois. Is any
business in order this evening but reports from
the Committee 011 the Pacific Railroad?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent. The House is now acting the same as it
is.in a day session when considering a special
order.
.Mr. MORRILL. I will state briefly the ne-
cessity for the passage of this bill. When the
reciprocity treaty expired we failed to pass any
bill 011 the subject; and, therefore, now have no
duties upon live animals,whether imported from
Canada or from any other country. I am in-
formed that at tho present time the owners of
sheep upon the other side of the line are driving
them over into the United States, and having
them kepi, proposing that they shall remain
here until after they are shorn, when of course
they can lie diivcn back. They may thus be
able to introduce wool into this country without
the payment of any duty.
Mr. .! kx('kks. Docs not the order of
business (or this evening's session preclude the
consideration of any oilier business except
reports from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad?
'the SPEAKER. It does not, unless objec-
tion is made.
Mr. JENCKES. I object to any other
business.
land-grant railroads.
Mr. PRTCE. Three weeks ago yesterday I
reported, by direction of the Committee 011 the
Pacific Railroad, Senate bill No. 83, entitled
" An act to extend the time for completing cer-
tain land-grant railroads in the States therein
named." That bill was ordered to he printed,
and was made the special order for the Monday
following—two weeks ago yesterday. Wo find
that there are several inaccuracies in tho printed
bill; and under thciustrnetion ol'the committee,
I now move that the bill be recommitted to the
committee.
Mr. Jv ASSON. I have prepared a substitute
for this bill. 1 desire that it shall be printed,
and referred to the same committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On the
motion ot thegentleman Irom Iowa [Mr. Piuce]
I call for a division. I have no objection to
this bill going to the commiaee; but I protest
against business being done to-night without a
quorum.
On the motion to recommit the bill, there
were—ayes 20, noes 3; no quorum voting.
Mr. W1NDOM. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas aud nays were ordered.
The question was- taken ; and there were—
yeas 68, nays 0, not voting 115; as follows:
, YEAS-~-Messrs. Allison, Ames, Aucona, Delos R.
As'11 ley, Banks, Bearaan, Bidwell, Bingham, 3>room-
ftil, Bundy, Sidney ClUrke, Cobb, Dailins, Dawes,
JJxxon. Dodgo. Eseleston, Eliot, Ferry, Fmek, Gri-
dgr, Gnnnell, Hale, Abaer C, Hardin^, Henderson,
Asahel W. Hubbard. Hulburd, Jenckes. Julian, Kas-
son, ICelley, Kelso, Keteham, Latham. Loan, Long-
year, Marshall, Marvin, McClurg, Mcliucr, Mercur,
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Newell,
Niblack, O'Neill, Orth, Patterson. Perham, Price,
William II. llandal), John 11. Ricc, Hitter, Iloss, Ste-
vens, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, JUlihu B.
"VVashburne, William B. Washburn, Wentworth,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F.Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbridge—68.
NAYS—0.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley. Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Barker, Baxter, Ben-
jamin, Bergen, Blaine, Blow, Boutwcll, Boycr, Bran-
degce, Bromwell, Buekland, Ohanlcr, Reader W.
Clarke, Coffroth, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Culver,
Davis, Dawson* Defrees, Delano, Deming, Denison,
Donnelly, Driggs,Dumont, Eckley, Eldridge, Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Goodyear,'
Griswold, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hart, Hayes,
Higby, Hill, Ilogan, Holmes, Ilooper, Hotchkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, DcmasHubbard, John H.Hub-
bard, Edwin N. Hubbcll, James It. Hubbell, James
Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Ingcrsoll, John-
son, Jones, Kerr, Kuykendal), Lafhn, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, LoBlond, Lynch,
Marston, McCullough, Mclndoe, MeKec, Myers,
Nicholson, Noell, Paine, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pom-
eroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Raymond,
Alexander II. Rice, Rogers, Rollins, Rousseau,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanklin, Shellabarger,
Sitgicaves, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stilwell,
Washburn, Welk or, Whaley, Williams, Winiield,
and Wright—115.
The SPEAKER stated that no quorum had
voted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. LATHAM stated that Mr. Eldridge
was detained from the House by sickness in
his family.
The result having been announced as above
stated,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa; moved a call of the
House, and on that motion called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were .ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 13, not voting
99 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Delos R.
Ashley,Baker.Banks, Baxter,Bergen,BidwclI,Boyer,
Broomall, Buekland, Bundy, Cobb, Cook, Darling,
Dawes, Delano. Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eggleston,
Eliot, v erry, Finck, Grinnell, Hale, AbnerC. Hard-
ing, Henderson, Asahel W. Hubbard, James R. Hub-
bell, Julian, Kasson, Kellcy, Kelso, Keteham,Laflin,
Loan, Longyear, McClurg,Melluer, Miller, Moorhead,
Morrill, Moulton, Myers, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth,
Patterson, Perham, Price, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
\t vv'o at iv n vwuuiiuxc—ix.
N A1 fe—Messrs.Boaman,Holmes,Hulburd, Jcnckos,
Latham, Marshall, Marvin, Mercur. Newell. Niblack,
Hitter, Rogers, and Ross—13.
,,^79'^ VOTING —Messrs, Alley, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Benjamin, Bingham,
Blaine, Llow.Boutwell.Brandegee, Bromwell, Ohan-
lcr, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Coffroth, Conk-
hua:, Cullom, Culver, Davis, Dawson, Dcfrccs, Deming
Denison, Driggs, Dumoni, Eckley. Eldridge Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Gariiold, Glossbrcmter, Goodyear,
Grjdcr.GnMvoid.A.uoi1 Harding, Harris, Hart, Hayes,
1<mV' J>llU* T{o-?f7\ Hooper, Uotchkiss, Chester D.
Hubbard, Dc-inas Hubbard, Juhn H. Hubbard, Edwin
N. llubbcll. Ja.rnes Humphrey, James M.Humphrey
Ingcrsoll, Johnson JoncH, Kerr, Kuykendall, George
\ . Lawrence .William Lawrence, Le Blond, Lyneli,
Marion McCu iough Mclndoe, McKee, Morris,
Noell. Paine, PIiclps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Rad-
iord, Kiymond, Alexander II. Riec, Rollins, Rous-
seau, Sawyer, bchenck, Scofield, Shankiin, Sheila-
So a call of the House was ordered.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll,
and the following members failed to answer to
their names :
Me^rs. Alley, Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley.
Lahhun. Barker, Benjamin, Blame, Blow, Bout-
well Bnmdegce, Bromwell, Chauler, Reader W
Clarke, Loihoth, Conkling, Cullom, Culver, Davis,
°t^' ^ominpi Denison, Dumont, Eck-
leu Lldndge^ Larnsworth, Farriuhar, Giossbrenncr.
}t k? ' itS Hogan, Hooper, Hotchkiss. Chester D.
N 1 hihh'piiCIT US John H.Hubbard, Edwin
t ' Hubbell, James Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson.
i herr, Kuykendall, George V. Lawrence, Wil-
bawrence, Le Blond, Lynch, McCullough, Me-
lndoe, Mclvee. Morns, ISoell, Paine, Phelns, Pike
R S lin lim0r0yiKadror^ ^^ond, Alexander if.
iwf.fv oisseau'obawy^r'. Sehenek, Shellabarger. Sit-
? r$ives' mV Stilwoll, Strouse,Taylor John
L, ihomas, Thornton, Trimble, Van Aernam Buit
Van Horn, Ward, Welker, Whaley, and Winfield,
