4070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
fifty or fifty-five years ago with a view'to com-
pensation for traveling expenses. It has al-
ways been more, perhaps, than the actual trav-
eling expenses, The means of transportation
now are more extensive and cheaper, but the
expenses of tavern bills and all that would per-
haps cow'po.bsate for this diminished expense
of transportation. I vote for it, believing that
we are not paid sufficiently for our services.
An ordinary superintendent of a railroad in my
State gets from six to ten thousand dollars a
year. I do not feel that our services are suf-
ficiently compensated. I should prefer myself
to make this increased compensation com-
mence with the beginning- of the next Con-
gress, to avoid the appearance of selfishness,
although I think no one acquainted with me
will suppose that my money instincts are suf-
ficiently strong to induce me to vote for it for
this Congress and not for the next. I vote for
■ it as a permanent system, believing that we
are not suftieiently paid. I know that there is
no draft resorted to to bring members into the
Senate; I know that they ean resign ; I know
that you could get men to serve here for per-
haps less than we are now serving for; but
suppose you should look out to get $3,000 Sen-
ators from our State, how would the public in-
terests suffer. Could you get two such Sen-
ators for any such compensation except that
we fuel we are serving the public and making
sacrifices all the tiiue; but how long can you
rely upon this state of things? I shall vote to
pay the present mileage and §5,000 a year, and
believe that I have not been too highly paid,
and I do it with the more freedom beeause 1
have perhaps now as little interest in the ques-
tion as any other member of the Senate. I
think if gentlemen are willing to come here
and serve at all, you should be willing to pay
them at least $5,000 a year, and the people
will so regard it. They do not require that
their public servants should come here and
serve for nothing. I am, then, for increasing
the annual compensation to $5,000 a year and
reducing the pay of no man on account of mile-
age. I would give to members from Minne-
sota, and from the Pacific eoast, and from
everywhere else, tlieir present mileage, and I
would give $5,000 a year compensation.
The present system of mileage has been in
operation for a great many years. It has been
supposed to be just and equal; and, perhaps,
taking into view all the considerations con-
nected with the subject, it is equal as we shall
get it. I shall vote then for the amendment
of the Senator from Delaware fixing the com-
pensation at $5,000 a year and the present
mileage. I believe that neither you, sir, [Mr.
Hendricks in the chair] nor myself have one
single constituent, -who knows our services and
sacrifices, who will believe we are paid a cent
too much for our services; and if they desire a
different state of representation, let them get
a cheaper article in services and sacrifices than
their pieseut members.
I shall vote the increase. I should do it more
cheerfully to apply prospectively for those who
arc to come after me; but believing that I have
discharged my duty and that you have dis-
charged your duty during the present Con-
gress, I shall vote for it as it is, to pay us in
the past, assured that no man who knows me
will misconstrue my motive. I will vote for it
to apply to the present Congress; I will vote
for it to apply to the next Congress. It is a
matter of justice.
There are two systems. Either pay your
members sufficiently ordo not pay them at all,
as they do in the British Parliament, and there
their system of legislation costs them ten times
what ours does, in contracts and in the provis-
ion for junior members of distinguished fami-
lies. I shall vote with great cheerfulness for
the amendment of the Senator from Delaware,
and I do it with the greater cheerfulness be-
cause I think it will be the first time in the
last four years that wo have voted together.
[Laughter.]
. Mr. STEWART. With regard to this ques-
tion- of mileage, I should like to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that the alleged
inequality will to a great extent be rectified by
the building of aPacific railroad iu a few years.
The usual course of travel no^ from the Pacific
is by way of the Isthmus, which is about seven
thousand miles* or nearly that. The utmost
mileage that can be allowed in the course of
six or eight years will bo for about three thou-
sand miles, so that, the practical inequality in
regard to mileage will be removed by the con-
struction of that road and its becoming the usual
lino of travel.
I do not propose to argue a question that I
am particularly interested in or my colleagues
from the Pacific coast. I simply want to state
that I believe as a matter of policy one of two
theories should be adopted: either there should
be such pay as an economical man with a fam-
ily might live on, or there should be none at
all, so that it should be understood that nobody
but the rich could come here. A reduction
of the mileage to the Pacific to any less sum
than we now receive with the present expenses,
will exclude those who have no means upon
which they can draw, or have not considerably
large means on which to draw in order to live.
The incidental expenses of going to the Pacific
are quite considerable; I do not care to enu-
merate them.; I propose to let gentlemen try
it and see whafcit is. I simply say that, ift my
opinion, those who have families must neces-
sarily be excluded from Congress or entirely
excluded from their families, and if they have
families to support there they cannot come here
on the salary now paid, and the poor are ne-
cessarily excluded. If you intend to exclude
the poor, the best way is to abolish this whole
sum, or otherwise give such compensation as
will enable a man to live upon it at the lowest
basis of calculation.
I think it is not worth while to adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri. It
was formerly the case that members could live
on their pay, but now money is only worth
half what it was at the time the compensation
was fixed; everything costs more than double
what it did then. We are not receiving half
the compensation in reality that was formerly
paid.
Mr. DAVIS. I was very much pleased with
the remarks of my honorable friend from In-
diana, and I indorse the whole of them with
one slight exception. He says, and I have no
doubt truly, that he would prefer to vote for
this amendment if it was entirely prospective.
I prefer it in the terms in which it has been
presented. It will embrace me if the amend-
ment as proposed- by the honorable Senator
from Delaware passes. A proposition to'mod-
ify it, to begin it with the next Congress, might
exclude me forever, [laughter,] and, there-
fore, I am for taking it in the form in which it
has been offered by the honorable Senator from
Delaware.
I was very much struck with a remark made
by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin. He
says that if the mileage be modified as is pro-
posed by the proposition of the Senator from
Missouri, it may lead to an agitation of the
question of the removal of the capital. I think
it would, and I think that the agitation of that
question from session to session would lose
much more to the country than the additional
mileage will amount to. I am in favor of tho
proposition as made by my friend from Dela-
ware, and I do not care what may be its oper-
ation_ upon the minds of my constituency. I
am willing to risk that and to vote for the prop-
osition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER^ (Mr. Hen-
dricks in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Delaware.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move the following amend-
ment to come in at the close of the seventy-
second line of the first section on page 4:
For reconstructing and repairing the levees on the
Mississippi river, in the States of Louisiana. Missis-
sippi, ana Arkansas, 11,500,000, to wit.-. SoOo.OOO in
the State of Louisiana, $655,000 in the State of Mis-
sissippi, sod SiSO.OOO in the State of Arkansas, as
nearly as may be with ft proper regard to the effi-
ciency of tho repair; said money to bs expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War, who
shall, at the next session of Congress, make an accu-
rate and detailed report to each House thereof of
the amount of money expended under this appro-
priation, the amount of work done, how and in what
manner, where and by whom, the particular levees
repaired or reconstructed, the rates paid for work
and material, the condition of the levees, tho areas
protected by such repairs or reconstruction, and what
sums, if any, remain unexpended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that amendment
is not to be adopted. I do not wish to take up
time or discuss this matter further than to call
attention to it. It appropriates 51,500,000, I
believe, for the purpose of constructing levees
in Arkansas, Mississippi, and Louisiana. I
have several objections to this. In the first
place I should like to know where the consti-
tutional authority is to do it. By what au-
thority do we appropriate money to build
fences around men's farms in the southern
States ? That is all there is to it. It is build-
ing a levee to keep the water out of the plan-
tations belonging to these aristocratic rebels
during the war.
Mr. CONNESS. To keep the water within
the Mississippi.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To keep the water within
the Mississippi if you please to state it that
way 1 You might just as well appropriate
$1,500,000 to set hedges around the farms of
the State of Illinois, not to keep the cattle out
from the farms, but to keep the cattle in the
road.
Mr. CONNESS. Itis to preserve navigation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To preserve navigation !
Why, sir, I believe there is some such sugges-
tion as that in the report made by the Senator
from New Hampshire, that by building levees
up in Arkansas improvements are to be made
to the mouths of the Mississippi river five or
six hundred miles below. It seems to me there
is no constitutional authority whatever for such
an appropriation ; and if there were constitu-
tional authority for it, I think there is no pro-
priety in making the appropriation. This is
not for the poor men of the South; it is not for
the destitute people ; but this is an appropria-
tion that is being made of a million and a half
of money to the wealthy men of the South; it
is to the large land-holders of the South; it is
not of one dollar's advantage to the great mass
of the people of the southern country. It is
an appropriation to the rich men who are able
to buy out the very persons who will appropri-
ate the money. And are your constituents and
mine, sir, small farmers iu Illinois and Indiana
and in the West, to be taxed for the purpose of
building fences around the cotton plantations
and sugar plantations of the wealthy down upon
the Arkansas and Mississippi rivers who have
been waging war against us? The benefit of
this appropriation is for them.
But, as I said, I do not wish to take up time.
I wish to state the two propositions on which
I rely. In the first place, in my judgment,
the constitutional authority for this appropria-
tion is extremely questionable, and in the
second place it is an appropriation the benefit
of which is to be for the wealthy and not for
the suffering. If it is an improvement neces-
sary to be made, let the ownerss of these plan-
tations who hold them by the thousands of
acres sell half their lands and make them,
or let the parties who have mortgages upon
these plantations, the rich and the wealthy
who are to have the benefit of this, sell off a
portion of the land and appropriate the pro-
ceeds to the improvement of the rest.
As a measure to conciliate the South I have
no sort of faith in it. The conciliation is to
that class of men who brought on-this war ;
it is to the aristocrats of the South, to the
slaveholders of the South; they were the per-
sons who owned these large plantations that
are to be protected by these levees. I trust
