1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8117
Maryland, are these: first, I understand the
bill does not propose to seize any property
except so far as it proposes that the Govern-
ment, in its right of eminent domain, shall
authorize the seizure of property by the cor-
poration which the bill proposes to create. I
suppose that the gentleman from Maryland,
who is a distinguished lawyer, does not deny
that it is competent for the Government of the
United States, whenever it may create a cor-
poration and confer these rights of eminent
domain, to authorize the seizure, in virtue of
that right, of any property, although it may
be the property of a corporation. Now, is
there anything else in the provisions of this
bill than an authority bestowed by the Gov-
ernment of the United States upon a new cor-
poration to take, in the exercise of the right
of eminent domain, the property of another
corporation (assuming that this is the prop-
erty of another corporation) upon paying for
it. If this be so, then it seems to me to obviate
most of the objections which are urged.
The other suggestion which I desire to make
is based upon the seventeenth section of the
bill, which provides—
That nothing in this act contained shall bo hold or
deemed, in any manner or way, to injure or impair
any public or private rights or interests, or in any
manner to aileet the same beyond the mere transfer
of the lights of the United States to said District of
Columbia Canal and Sewerage Company.
In other words, so far as this bill attempts
to do anything beyond the authorization of the
exercise of the right of eminent domain and
of payment for property taken under it, the
bill only proposes to quit-claim whatever inter-
ests the Government may have.
Mr. F. THOMAS. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Snni.LAKARGKit] had waited live min-
utes—for 1 am hurrying on in this discussion,
knowing that it is not generally interesting to
the House; but 1 know that my constituents
would never forgive me if I were not faithful
to their interests on this occasion—if the gen-
tleman had waited a few minutes, I would have
anticipated the very suggestion which he makes,
and would have convinced oven his clear mind
that this bill cannot be passed with any pro-
priety, even should 1 concede, as J do not,
all the positions taken by the gentleman from
Ohio.
First, let me say the gentleman from Ohio
seems to have overlooked the fact that the
chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia nullified, by an amendment of a very
few words, the very section which the Senate
inserted out of abundant caution. The section
sets forth that nothing shall be affected by the
act but the rights and interests of the United
States. The amendment nullities all that by
inserting the words "except as hereinbefore
provided;" and I shall show presently, if 1
have time, what was "hereinbeforeprovided.''
But. Mr. Speaker, let the gentleman from
Ohio bear in mind that that part of the Ches-
apeake and Ohio canal proposed to be seized,
east of the west bank of Hock creek, cost only
about one hundred and six or one hundred and
eight thousand dollars; and if the parties under
this most anomalous bill are called on to pay this
amount, what becomes of the investments of
the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, amounting to
$500,000 more, expended beyond the west
boundary of Uock creek, expended in the con-
struction of canal locks, four in number, and
bridges over the canal, four in number; what
becomes of that investment? These corpo-
rators are not to pay for it. They are to seize
as a mere locality that part of the property
which they need. They are to appropriate to
their purposes that part of the canal which lies
east of the western bank of Rock creek. They
are to estop the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company from the opportunity of getting into
the basin at Rock creek, and of passing out
into the river Potomac or into the Washington
canal. They are not to pay the Chesapeake
and Ohio Canal Company for their investment
beyond that point. No one will suppose that
this company is to be remunerated on an
expenditure of nearly half a million dollars
by collecting toll upon the articles transported
upon the canal for a quarter of a mile.
Again, this company now proposed are uot
required, and Congress cannot authorize them,
to go inside of the boundaries of the State of
Maryland and take possession of and pay for
the dam across the river Potomac beyond
Georgetown, within the jurisdiction of the
State of Maryland, without which the Wash-
ington canal will be of no value; without which
this grant will not be worth the paper upon
which it is written. Congress is to interpose
with a high-handed authority and give this
new company the right to condemn all that
part of the work which the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal Company have made up to a cer-
tain point, giving this now company the ad-
vantages of all the structures up to that point;
while those beyond that point cannot be of any
exclusive advantage to the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal Company. And the commerce of
the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company can-
not pass that dam and reach a market without
paying toll to this new company.
I think that this ought to be considered an
answer to the suggestion of the gentleman tiom
Ohio. My mind had swept round that com-
parativCTy small matter in this case; and Iliad
intended to develop it in the course of my re-
marks. But gentlemen will excuse me for say-
ing that I do not consider this trespass upon
the vested rights of the corporation of which 1
have spoken the only violation in this case ot'
what 1 call the pledged faith of this Govern-
ment.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to say that if I could
look at this Washington canal through the me-
dium of the functionaries who for the time
being are at the head of the local government
of Washington, 1 would not utter one word in
their defense; they might find a defender else-
where. For 1 disapprove emphatically and de-
cidedly of their whole career, more especially
of the recent course of their mayor, this '• cap-
tain of a pinnace," who undertook to hector
and lecture the representatives of five and
twenty million people because they did not
happen to coincide with him in political opin-
ion. If I could be governed by such consider-
ations, 1 would not say one word in defense
of the vested rights of this city in the Wash-
ington canal.
But I do not look at the question in that
light. 1 do not allow differences of opinion to
degenerate with me into personal animosities.
1 do not permit the false steps of the repre-
sentative for the time being of a community
to prejudice that community in my judgment.
I look beyond such considerations. The Ches-
apeake and Ohio Canal Company may be gov-
erned by gentlemen who are by no means in
accord with my political views. Washington
city is governed for the time being by corporate
officers who, 1 admit, are nut, exactly in accord
with my views. 1 look beyond that. Why,
sir, wc might say of the representatives of
these corporations as Banqnosaid of the witches
when they disappeared upon the heath without
answering Macbeth's interrogatories:
" The earth hath bubbles, as the water has,
And these are of them."
I look at communities, I look at Washington
city, the great commercial emporium of the
district 1 represent, nearly as much identified
with the interests of a large portion of the dis-
trict I represent as the boasted, and I am proud
to say justly boasted, commercial emporium
of Maryland, Baltimore. I look forward to the
day when half a million, nay a million, of peo-
ple may be located upon these wide plains so
beautifully prepared by nature for the erection
of an immense city. And why not? We see
Paris standing upon the banks of the Seine, a
river inferior to the Potomac for commercial
purposes. We see London on the banks of the
Thames, a river inferior to the Potomac for
commercial purposes. We have, as all know,
access to cheap fuel for this city, one of the
most important elements in building up a large
city ; and our access to this inexhaustible sup-
ply of fuel is by means of the Chesapeake and
Ohio canal. When, therefore, I speak of tire
question which I am about to opeii up, I speak
of it with reference to the future, not with refer-
ence to Mayor Wallach, of Washington; not
with reference to any of the present function-
aries of this city. Certainly I entertain respect
for Mayor Wallach personally. He is an accom-
plished gentleman, courteous in every particu-
lar. My conflict is with the opinions, not with
the man.
Now, sir, T say I look to the day when this is
to be a great city, when this canal is to pour
into this great city the agricultural productions
of one of the most highly cultivated and fertile
regions of country iu the whole Union; when
this canal is to pour into this city all the pro-
ductions of that magnificent valley of Virginia,
stretching from Harper's Ferry to Staunton ;
I look to that day and I act on these ques-
tions in reference to such a day. The boy is
now born who may sec one million people set-
tled round this common center of one common
Government.
I will pass to some other points, as it is my
design to be as brief as possible. 1 have ex-
amined the laws touching this Washington
canal, and I find no mention made in Mary-
land legislation until 1795. It is there spoken
of as an existing work. It would be right to
infer from that law that it was built by private
enterprise and by private capital. I see at the
head of the parlies to whom the Legislature of
Maryland in 1795 gave the right to raise $50,000
by lottery, Daniel Carroll of Duddington ; anfl
1 know he was one of the proprietors of the
land upon which this city was built. That
charter authorizes those who began the canal
and nearly built it to raise $50,000 by a lottery.
When this law was passed Congress allowed
Maryland to exercise jurisdiction here before
the seat of Govermnenthad been removed from
Philadelphia.
The next law referring to this canal is the
act of Congress of 1802, by which Congress
gave a charter to the same identical individu-
als to whom the lottery had been granted, and
gave them corpoiate power ; and then, iu 1812,
Congress gave to the same individuals the right
to raise money by lottery for the completion
of the canal, as authorized by the act of Mary-
land of 1795.
1 will not trouble the House by reciting the
subsequent acts, but it is enough in this narra-
tive to say that subsequent to that date tlio
corporate authorities of Washington bought
the original property right of Daniel Carroll,
of Duddington, and his corporators, who had
complied with all the requirements of their
charter, and had cut and opened the canal.
The interest of each individual stockholder
was purchased by the corporation of Washing-
ton in 1832, with the consent of Congress. Con-
gress then passed all the laws necessary to vest
that property in the authorities of Washing-
Ion. The authorities here obtained it without
any aid from the General Government what-
ever.
At that time the canal terminated at the base
of the mound on which this Capitol stands.
Much of the stone used iu the center building
o'f the old Capitol was transported on that canal
for the convenience of the Government. The
botanical garden and the propagating garden
of the Agricultural Bureau, now lying outside
of the inclosure of this Capitol, were then a
morass, and the land was valueless. ^ Congress
passed a law authorizing the city of Washing-
ton to appropriate for its own uses any land it
might redeem by changing the location of the
canal to its present site.
The city of Washington incurred an expense
from the commencement to the conclusion of
this work of $377,000. Washington city in-
curred the expense with a change of the locality
of the canal. Subsequently an arrangement
was entered into by which Washington surren-
dered to Congress all claim and title to the
redeemed land I have mentioned on condition
that Congress would furnish money to aid in
the completion of the canal.
I know much has been said outside of the
