1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
duty of the President "to give to the Congress
information of the state of the Union, and to
recommend to their consideration su'-h meas-
ures as he shall judge necessary and expedient,
from time to time." But the power !'to admit
new States into this Union;" "to guaranty to
e\ ery State in this Union a republican form of
Government, and to protftct each of them against
invasion and domestic violence;" "to dispose
of and make all needful rules and regulations
respecting the territory or other property be-
longing to the United States ''to exercise ex-
clusive legislation in all cases whatsoever over"
the District of Columbia; "to make rules con-
cerning captures on land and water;" these,
and all similar powers, express or implied, be-
long to the Congress exclusively.
It lias been strangely enough suggested that
the President would seek to control the action
of Congress in this great matter of restoring the
revolted States to their original status in the
Union, by withholdingexecutivepatronage from
such Senators and Representatives as could not
conscientiously fall in with his favorite policy.
I respectfully beg pardon of the President and
of the public for stating so scandalous a rumor
upon this floor. I pronounce it as false as "se-
cession" itself, and I find for the scandal 110
tangible authority except the following article,
which I cut from the Newbern (North Caro-
lina) Times of December 10, 1865:
"Futl're Hopes.—'The hope is expressed with all
diffidence, still there is ground for the hope, that our
futureprospcctsfor admission into full fellowship with
the heretofore loyal States are growing blighter. The
stand taken by President .Johnson in reference to re-
construction is being tnlly maintained by that patri-
otic officer, and not even all the combined forces of
radicalism have been able as yet to move him. Like
a great rock he has withstood the shook of the angry
waves of opposition, and he stands proudly erect to
meet them again.
"There is evidence that the enemies of the con-
quered South are getting a little shaky. A sort of
4 Stephen Hopkins' tremor is coming over them, for
they have counted more upon theirown strengththan
that of the national Executive. They are beginning
to remember once more that the President of the
United States has the appointing right as well as the
veto power;- and that the wannest friend of a radical
Congressman may lose his little sinecure of an office
whenever the President so wills. Patronage is a big
thing—a fact fully recognized by llie ulti aists—but in
their greed for the full control of it they have over-
looked some of the little particles which have a great
deal to do with thogiand aggregate.
'' We repeat thcie are brighterprospeets ahead than
events of the past had permitted the South to hope
for. It is even possible that conservative influences
will so far prevail as to bring about total reconstruc-
tion before the final adjournment of this Congress."
Thus the southern traitors, not content vrith
ascribing to the President such base moli\esto
action as would bring him beneath the contempt
of the loyal masses who elected him, most im-
pudently and arrogantly attempt to appropriate
him to'their own vile purposes—
"Like gypsies, lest the stolen brat be known.
Defacing first, then'claiming for liis own."
I know not if the President has any fixed
policy in regard to the guarantees which the loyal
people of this country may exact before the
States in revolt shall be restored to all tliefunc-
tions of governing States in the Union. Sure
I am, he can have no desire to throw obstacles
in the way of the deliberate and well-matured
action of Congress, which may well be presumed
to reflect the wishes of a great majority of the
people. I have, at this time, no means of de-
termining for myself what course will be taken
by Congress, but I will venture to say that
the substance of the following propositions, if
adopted, will be satisfactory to the bulk of my
constituents in Ohio:
1. Extend a qualified right of suffrage to the
frccdmen in the District of Columbia.
2. Amend the Constitution of the United
States in respect to the apportionment of Rep-
resentatives and direct taxes among the several
States of the Union, in such manner, that "peo-
ple of color" shall not be counted with the
population making up the ratio, except it be in
States where they are permitted to exercise the
elective franchise.
3. Insert a provision in the Constitution pro-
hibiting "nullification" and "secession."
4. Insert a provision in the Constitution pro-
hibiting the repudiation of the national debt,
and also prohibiting the assumption by Con-
gress of the rebel debt.
5. Provide in the Constitution that no person,
who has, at any time, taken up arms against
the United States, shall ever be admitted to a
seat in the Senate or House of Representatives
in Congress.
Let these guarantees be given to loyalty,
and T will try to forgive—I can never forget
—the injuries received by my country from
traitors.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Washburni;, of
Illinois, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the annual message of the President
of the United States, and had come tcf no con-
clusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
twenty-five minutes after one o'clock p. m.,)
the House adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Moxdat, January 8, 18GG.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The -1 our rial of Friday last was read and
approved.
executive communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of December 13,
180o, further information in relation to persons
in the employ of that Department who have not
tak%n the oath prescribed- by law : which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
district of columbia suffrage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
communication from the mayor of iho city of
Washington; which was read by the Secretary,
as follows:
Washington City, D. C..
Mayor's Office; City Htii,
January 6,1866.
Sir: I have the honor, in compliance with an act
of the Councils of this city, approved December 1G,
ISO"), to transmit through you to the Senate of the
I'mted States the result of the election held on
Thursday. 21st December, " to ascertain the opinion
of the people of Washington on the question of negro
suiYrairc," at wliieli the vote was 6,626, segregated as
follows:
Against negro suffrage 6,591
For negro suffrage  3,">
Majority against negro suffrage   6, ^"6
This vote, the largest, with but two exceptions ever
polled in this eitv, eom-hisivelv shows the unanimity
of sentiment, of the people of Washington in opposi-
tion to the extension ot the right of sulhage to that
class: and that its integrity may be properly appreci-
ated by the Senate, I give the aggregate of the vote
cast at the five elections immediately preceding for
mayor:
1856..
1858..
I860..
...5,8f0
...6,813
...6,975
No others, in addition to this minority of thirty-
five, are to be found in this community v, ho favurtlie
extension of the right of suftiage to the class and m
the manner proposed, excepting those who have al-
ready memorialized the Senate in its.favor, and who,
with but little as.-oeiation, less sympathy, and no
community of interest or atiinit.y w ith the eiti-zens of
Wa.-hiilgion, receive here ii-oni the General Govern-
ment temporary employment, and having at the na-
tional capital a. residence limited only tottieduration
of a presiden tial term, claim and im ariably exercise
the elective franchise elsewhere.
The people of th is city, claiming an independence of
thought and the right to express it, have thus given
a grave and deliberate utterance in an unexa-ggurated
way to their opinion and feeling on this subieet.
This unparalleled unanimity ofsen tinient which per-
vades all classes of this community iu opposition to
the extension of the right of suffrage to that eiass
engendei.-. an earnest hope that, Congress, in accord-
ing to this expression of their wishes the respect, and
consideration they would as individual members yield
to those whom they immediately represent, would
abstain from the exercise of i[s absolute power, and
so avert an impending l'utuie .-ipyarcntly so objec-
tionable to those over whom, by thefundamentaUsw-
of the land, they have " exclusive j-urisdiotipu,"
With much respect, I am, sir, your own 'and the
Scnato's obedient servant,
RICHARD WALLACH, Mayor. '
Hon. L. F. S. Fostek,
President of the Senate of the United Stales.
Th e PRESIDENT pro tampon. What or-
der will the Senate take upon the communica-
tion ?
Mr.* CLARK. ^ Let it be referftei to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MOKKILL. I would suggest that the
committee have had that subieet under con-
sideration and havealrecvly reported. Perhaps,
therefore, the paper had better lie on the table.
I move that it be ordered to lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Peter
Anderson, praying that he may be allowed
arrears of pension: which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLARK presented a memorial of the
faculty and students of the medical depart-
ment of Georgetown college, in the District of
Columbia, praying that the same facilities may
bo furnished to the faculty and students of the
medical colleges in the District of Columbia
for procuring bodies for dissection that arepow
furnished by the laws of the several States to
medical colleges within their limits; which was
referred to the Committee on tho District Qf
Columbia.
Mi-. DOOLITTLE. I rise to present a me-
morial of a company incorporated under the
laws of the State of New York by the name of
the "Institute of Reward for Orphans of Pa--',
triots," of which Professor Horace Webster is
President; and Frederick De Peyster, Esq.,
General Prosper M. Wetmore, Moses M. Vail,
Esq., Dr. Edmund Fowler, E. P. Whitmore,
Esq., and Rev. S. B. Bell, are Vice Presidents;
Arthur F. Willmarth, Treasurer; and William
A. Hoobor, Recording Secretary: andDr. David
P. Holton, Corresponding Secretary. The me-
morial sets forth that the organization is incor-
porated under the laws of the State of New-
York for the purpose of educating orphan chil-
dren of patriots who had given up their lives
in tho war for the Union; and they now ask
Congress to extend to them some aid in order
to educate the orphan children of Indians who
have also fought in the war for the Union. This
memorial comes from gentlemen of the very
highest standing; Mr. Webster, the president
of the institute, is at the head of the Free Acad-
emy in the city of New York, a gentleman of
the very highest intelligence and standing, and
in whose judgment I have as great confidence
as in the judgment of any man living. I move
that this memorial be referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Michigan, in favor of a grant
of land to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Eskanauba to the straits of Michilimack-
inac, near Fort Mackinaw; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of a grant of land
to the Detroit and Lake Superior Telegraph
Company to aid in the construction of a tele-
graph line from some point on the Saginaw river
to the straits of Mackinaw, thence to Suult Bte.
Marie : which was referred to the Committee on
Public'Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor'of the location and
establishment of a naval station and dock-yard
at Grand Haven, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to bo printed.
lie also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, in favor of an appropriation
for tho improvement of the channel of Muske-
gon Tiarbor, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed,
