4078
fHS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
to see what is to come in return into the Treas-
ury, it is for the benefit and advantage of the
Government to make this outlay.
But there is another point beyond that which
was alluded to in the report of the committee,
which has been alluded to by the Senator from
Illinois, and to which he does not give much
consideration; and that is, that at a time when
that country is impoverished, at a time when
it is cast down, at a time when we are exclud-
ing their representatives and not admitting
them to this floor, I desire to hold out the help-
ing hand of the Government to that people
that they shall realize that they are still living
under a Government which cares for them. 1
do not know how we can do anything better.
1 want that people to feel that they are a part
of the Unioa, that they are to be still a part
of the Union, that they are to have the bene-
fits of the Government, and I am willing to be
a little in advance. Before we collect the
taxes, I am willing to take the money of the
Treasury and pay for the repair of the levees
on the Mississippi in this way, in a way of
encouragement to that people.
I do not propose to enlarge on this matter,
Mr. President, because it was before the Sen-
ate some time ago, and the report made by the
committee has been before the Senate, and I
propose to leave it to the votes of the Senators.
X have not much difficulty in finding a ground
upon which we can go in making this appro-
priation ; and that is the improvement oi the
river, which is perfectly a constitutional mat-
ter. If Senators will examine the engineers,
they will all say to you that in order to carry
out the rubbish and matter that is floated down
the river it is necessary to confine the river
within its banks, and if you suffer the levees
to be broken down and suffer the water to go
into the swamps in Arkansas or up in the
higher parts of the river and then come back
to the current bringing more rubbish and more
dirt into the river, you form a bar at the mouth
of the river which effectually obstructs its nav-
igation. I inquired particularly in regard to
this matter of General Humphreys, and he
told me that he had examined it with great
care, and there was no doubt of that result;
so that if you will protect your river and
have it open to commerce and navigation for
time to come yon must, necessarily build these
levees in order to protect the river, if you lay
entirely out of the account the plantations and
the land on either side. I do not propose to
trouble the Senate further, but am willing to
rely on the yeas and nays upon the adoption
of the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have been endeavoring
to ascertain the wishes of Senators in regard to
a recess, and I find that it is the general desire
to have a recess. With the understanding that
we shall sit this bill out to-night I move that
the Senate now take a recess until seven o'clock.
Several Senators. Say half past seven.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I think till seven
o'clock is long enough,
Mr. CRESWELL. I move to amend the mo-
tion by naming half past seven o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better
acquiesce in seven o'clock; I believe that is
the sentiment of a majority.
The amendment was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate took a recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven and a half
o'clock p. m.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 043) to alter the place
of holding the circuit courts of the United States
for (he Rhode Island district, and the bill (H.
R. No. 075) amendatory of an act to amend an
act entitled ':An act relating to habeas corpus
and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases," approved May 11,1800, were severally
read twice by their titles and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 800) for the relief of
Marion M. Buxton, the bill (H. R. No. 797)
granting a pension to Daniel Lucas, the bill
(H. E. No. 798) for the relief of Quincy A.
May, and the joint resolution (H. R. No. 194)
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to pay
Charles M. Pott a pension of fifteen dollars a
month, were severally read twice by their titles
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
imported merchandise at new york.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore .a.i before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 39) to amend
the acts relating to officers employed in the
examination of imported merchandise in the
district of New York.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the Senate dis-
agree to the amendments of the House, and ask
for a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and by unani-
mous consent the President pro tempore was
authorized to appoint the conferees on the part
of the Senate, and Messrs. Chandler, mor-
gan, and Riddle were appointed.
railroad from foiit riley to fort smith.
The Senatoproceeded to considerthc amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 224) granting lands to the State of
Arkansas to aid in the construction of a south-
ern branch of the Union Pacific railway and
telegraph from Port Riley, Kansas, to Fort
Smith, Arkansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendments of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What are they?
The Secretary read the first amendment,
which was in section one, line twelve, to strike
out "ten" and insert "five alternate."
Mr. GRIMES. What is the effect of that?
Mr. POMEROY. The effect of that is just
nothing at all. The original bill granted ten
alternate sections per mile, and the amend-
ment grants five on each side, which is just the
same thing.
The Secretary read the other amendments,
namely:
In section one, line thirteen, after the word "road"
insert "and not exceeding in ait ten sections per
mile."
In section two strike out from "sold," in line five,
to and including the word, "aforesaid," at the end of
lino seven.
In section three, lino four, strikeout "be in readi-
ness to."
In section three, line five, after "Government" in-
sert" of the U nited States, free from all cost or charges
therefor to the Government."
In section three,strike out after "thereof," in line
six, down to and including " roads," in line ten.
In section three, line ten, strike out " and reserved
as aforesaid/'
In section three,line sixteen,after "land" insert
"herein granted."
In section ten, line three, after " acquire " insert
"title to land for railroad purposes."
In section ten, line live, strike out the words " rail-
road purposes."
In section eleven, line four, strike out the words
" and subsidized."
The amendments were concurred in.
california and louisiana district courts.
Tho Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 179) in relation to the district
courts of the United States in the States of
California and Louisiana. The House amend-
ment was to add the following additional sec-
tion :
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the salary
of the United States district judge for the district of
Louisiana shall hereafter be $4,500 per annum.
Mr. HARRIS. I move thatthe Senate non-
concur in that amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why?
Mr. HARRIS. I think we had better set-
tle that question of judicial salaries all at once
and not by installments.
Mr. JOHNSON, lask myfriend fromNew
York if there is a bill to settle that.
Mr. HARRIS. There is a bill now pending
in the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the effect of this
vote upon the other provisions of this bill?
Mr. HARRIS. This is the only amendment.
Mr. CLARK. It does not disturb anything
else.
Mr. HARRIS. If we non-concur the House
may recede.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
rescue of the san: francisco.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 81) manifesting the
sense of Congress toward the officers and sea-
men of the vessels, and others, engaged in the
jescue of the officers and soldiers of the Army,
the passengers, and the officers and erSW of the
steamship San Francisco from perishing with
that vessel.
The amendment of the House was to strike
out the second section of the joint resolution,
and in lieu of it to insert these sections:
Sec. 2. And be it further revolved. That the sum of
$7,500 each is hereby appropriated, out of any money
not otherwise appropriated, to tho above-named
captains respectively as a reward of their humanity
and heroism in the rescue of the survivors of said
wreck; and in case either of the said captains may
have died, then tho amount hereby' appropriated
shall be paid to the widow of such deceased captain
respectively; if no widow survive, then to the re-
spective child or children of said deceased captain;
and in the event of there be-in;; no child or children
of said deceased captain surviving, then the amount
hereby appropriated shall be paid first to the father,
or if the father be not living, then to the mother of
said dcccascd captain, respectively.
Sec. 3. And be it further renolved. That there shall
be paid to each mate of the three above-named ves-
sels the sum of $500, and to each man and boy the sum
of $100, and in case of the death of the respective
mate or mates and men or boys, the said respective
sums shall be paid in the same way and under tho
same conditions as the payment is to be made in case
of the death of the respective captains.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate
concur in the House amendment. The origi-
nal bill appropriated $50,000 to be distributed
bythe President. The appropriation is reduced
by the House, and the mode of its distribution
is expressly provided for.
The amendment was concurred in.
claims of massachusetts.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) providing for
the examination of the accounts of the State
of Massachusetts for moneys expended during
the war for coast defense. The amendment
was to strike out all after the resolving clause
and insert the following:
That the Secretary of War be authorized and re-
quired to settle with the proper authorities of the
 State of Massachusetts for expenses incurred by that
State for coast defenses during the war, and that he
report the amount found to be justly due to said State
on such account to Congress in December next.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate non-
concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following Senate bills and joint resolutions
without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 858) granting a pension to Mrs.
Nancy A. Stocks;
A bill (S. No. 3C6) granting a pension to
Abraham Lansing;
A bill (S. No. 367) to extend the time of
letters-patent issued to Thaddeus Hyatt;
A bill (S. No. 876) granting a pension to
Drusey A. Layman;
A bill (S. No. 390) granting a pension to
John Pyle;
A bill (S. No. 398) for the relief of W. B.
Kelley;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 82) to-provide
for codifying the laws relating to customs;
A joint resolution (S. II. No. 84) authorizing
the payment of certain claims against the late
Territory of Nevada;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. Ill) for the
relief of Sergeant Milton McKinnon;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 125) granting
the right of way through military reserves to
the Union Pacific Railroad Company and it*
branches;
