IU
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying thai the soldiers who enlisted
in the scrvice of the United -States previous to
the year 1865 may receive an extra bounty
equal to the highest bounty paid in 186-5 : which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of Mrs.'Fran-
ces S. Eichar4®n, widow of the late Major
General I. B. Richardson, who was killed at
the battle of Antietam, praying for an increase
of her pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented apetition of citizens of the
State of Michigan, praying for an increase of
pension to persons who have been disabled in
the military serviccof the United States by the
loss of a single limb; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWARD. I present the memorial of
the Board of Trade of the city of Detroit, pray-
ing for an appropriation for the construction
of a breakwater at Marquette harbor in Lake
Superior. As it is a subject of mueli impor-
tance to the people of other States, as well as
to that State, I move that the memorial be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of
William Bell and John Ilughcs, praying for
the issuance of an American register for the
ship Patrick Henry; whieli was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.'
Mr. MORGAN". I present tho memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York, praying for the passage of a law to ex-
empt northern creditors from the operation of
southern State statutes of limitation for a cer-
tain period. These memorialists represent that
at the outbreak of tho late civil war tho mer-
chants of the eity of New York held claims to
a large amount against citizens of the southern
States for money loaned, and for goods sold and
delivered, it is believed that the aggregate
amount of these claims did not at the date spe-
cified fall short of $150,000,000; that only a small
portionof theamounthas since been liquidated,
andalargeproportionoftheresiduehas been, or
soon will be, barred by tho operation of the stat-
utes of limitation. In the opinion of the memo-
rialists, statutes of limitation to suits on contracts
are reconcilable with justice only on the suppo-
sition that t he parties have had an opportunity to
enforce their claims through the usual courts of
law; and inasmuch as during the late civil war
it has been impossible for loyal creditors to take
measures to collect their debts in tho southern
States by any civil proceedings whatever, jus-
tice requires that all the period of the rebellion
should be excepted from the time fixed for the
limitations of actions in those States. Such is
"the substance of this memorial. It relates to a
matter of considerable importance, and I move
that it be referred to the Committee on the J u-
diciary. and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTIION Y presented a petition of non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates
who have been disabled in the service of the
United States, praying for an increase of pen-
sion ; "which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented the petition of H. Mary
Irish, widow of Henry T. Irish, and her chil-
dren, alleging that they have been loyal to the
Government of the United States, and praying
for compensation for property seized in the
State of Mississippi by troops under the com-
mand of Major General Steele: which was le-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. IIOWB presented the petition of citizens
of Depere, Brown county, Wisconsin, praying
that ueperc may be made a port of entry;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. COW AN presented a petition of soldiers
of the late war. praying that the bounties of
those who entered the service in the early part
of the war may be equalized with these who
enteiod a! a later period ; which was refesred
to flie Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
SENATOR 1'ROM NEW JERSEY.
Mr. COWAN. I presented a few days since
a protest and papers in relation to the election of
the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton.]
As the committees were not then organized,
they were-laid upon the table for tho time being.
I now move that those papers be taken from
the table and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in the
case of Mrs. Clara Moore be taken from the files of
the Senate and referred to tho Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in tho
Cii-i: of Anck-cw J. Gray be taken from the tiles of the
Senate andreferred to tho Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Senate
relating to the propriety of further legislation by
Congress to carry out tho obligations ot tho United
States under the fourth article of tho treaty of Wash-
ington of August 9, "1842, to quiet land titles in the
late disputed territory in Maine, be referred to the
Committee on Foreign lielations.
SENATOR FROM LOUISIANA.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to present tho cre-
dentials of Mr. Randall Hunt, who appears by
the certificate of the Governor of Louisiana to
have been elected one of the Senators from that
State for tho term commcncing March 4, 1865.
I move that they lie upon the tabic, as that I
believe has been the course taken with the cre-
dentials from the southern States.
The PRESIDLNTp?-o tempore. t That order
will bo entered, if thero.be no objection.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 61) to incorporate tho Great Falls Ice Com-
pany of Washington, District of Columbia;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District, of Columbia.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Jicsolvd, That ten thousand additional copies of
documents containing diplomatic correspondence,
recently called for hv Congress, be printed for the use
of the State Department.
QUARTERMASTER GENERAL'S REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Hesolvcd, That five hundred additional copies of
the annual report of the Quartermaster General he
printed tor the use of tho Department of State.
* COLORED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. CRESWELL submitted tho following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Ketcdvrd, That the Secretary of War he, and ho is
hereby, requested to inform the Senate whether any
commission or commissions has or have been ap-
pointed under and by virtue of the provisions of tho
tweirty-fouith section of tho act approved February
24,1864, entitled "An actto amend an act entitled 'An
act for enrolling and calling out tho national forces
and for other purposes,' approved March 3,1S63," and
what awards, if any. have beenmadobysaid commis-
sion or commissions, in each of tho slave States rep-
resented in the Thirty-Eighth Congress, to loyal per-
sons to whom colored volunteers, at tho time of their
muster into the scrvice of the United States, owed
service or labor; and if no compensation or onJypar-
tial compensation has been awaided and paid, that
he further inform the Scnato why the said act, so tar
os it relates to compensation for such volunteers, has
not been executed.
EXPORTATION OF ARMS TO MEXICO.
Mr. McDOUGALL submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President he requested to com-
municate to the Senate, if not iucoiWstent with the
public interest, any correspondence or other infor-
mation in his possession in regard to Genera,] Order
No. 17. issmd by the commander of the department j
of California, and dated "San Francisco, Ootoberit, i
1V)V instiuctins fheUnit ed Stat ei officers command- 1
ing the districts of Arizona and southern California
to suffer no arms or munitions of war to be exported
over the frontier; whether this discrimination is a
breach of our neutrality toward our sister republic
of Mexico: and whether tho Government has taken
any action in the premises.
COMMITTEE CLERK.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ,1 move that the joint
committee on reconstruction be allowed to ap-
point a short-hand writer to act as clerk of that
committee, to be paid out of the contingent fund
of tho Senate. The motion must be made in
one House or the other, and it may as well be
made here.
The motion was agreed to.
JOSIAII O. ARMES.
Mr. CLARK. I move that, the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of Josiah O. Armes.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 16) for the relief of Josiah 0. Armes was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the %*hole. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Josiah 0. Armes the
sum of $9,500 in full for damages sustained by
him in consequence of the burning of his build-
ings and the destruction of his property at An-
nandale, Fairfax county, Virginia, by the Uni-
ted States troops.
Mr. CLARK. This is the same bill (or a
bill in like words and for a like amount) that
passed the Senate at the last session, and which
failed to become a law by reason of a mistake
of the engrossing clerks. The bill passed both
Houses of Congress at the last session, but by
a mistake was not properly engrossed, and failed
to receive the signature of tho proper officers of
the two Houses and the President.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the-Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives had appointed the following-named gen-
tlemen as the* committee on the part of the
House to inquire into the condition of the States
which formed the so-called confederate States
of America: Messrs. Thaddbvs Stevens of
Pennsylvania, Elihu B.Washbttrne of Illinois,
Justin S. Morrill of Vermont, Henry Grider
of Kentucky, JonN A. Bingham of Ohio, Ros-
coe Coxklixg of NewYork, George S. Bout-
well of Massachusetts, Henry T. Bi.ow of Mis-
souri, and Andrew J. Rogers of New Jersey.
bill referred.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the bill (S. No.
15) to repeal certain laws and ordinances,™ the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes,
was read a second time by its title, and refened
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FOOT. As there appears to be no busi-
ness ready for the action of the Senate, I move
that tho Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Scnato
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 8. 1SGG.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
bj^the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Bor.vrox.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as tho regular
order of business, to call the States and Terri-
tories for bills and joint resolutions on leave,
to be referred to the appropriate committees
without debate, and not to be brought back on
motions to icconsider.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURTS IN MAINE.
Mr. PIKE introduced a bill to regulate the
time and places of holding the district courts of
the United States within the district of Maine ;
which was-read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. PfKE alio introduced a joint resolution
proposing an amendment, to the Constitution
