1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 126) to author-
ise the use of certain plates of the United
States exploring expedition by the Navy De-
partment ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 132) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to audit
and settle the accounts of Caleb T. Fay and
William Y. Patch, late assessor and collector
of internal revenue at San Francisco; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 139) for the
benefit of the Illinois Soldiers' College and
Military Academy.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill
(S. No. 354) for the relief of William Cros-
well, with an amendment, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the following
bill and joint resolution:
A bill (H. R. No. 728) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury tto issue certificates of
legislry or enrollment and license to certain
vessels; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) amend-
atory of a joint resolution entitled "A resolu-
tion respecting bounties to colored soldiers,
and the pensions, bounties, and allowances to
their heirs," approved June 15, I860.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
bills, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No,. 719) to punish certain
crimes in relation to the public securities and
currency, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. R. No. 7G1) authorizing the reim-
bursement to the Territory of Nebraska of cer-
tain expenses incurred in repelling Indian hos-
tilities ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 791) ft) supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1861S, and for other
purposes.
house u[ll referred.
The bill (II. R. No. 791) to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending June 30, I860, and for other
purposes, was read twice by its title and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
COURTS IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see in his seat
the Senator from Ohio, who has charge of the
appropriation bill, and 1 move to take up House
bill No. 438, which is a small matter and can
bo disposed of in a moment.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
438) in relation to the courts in Washington
Territory was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill was at first
reported upon adversely by the Committee on
the Judiciary ; but since that report was made
the attention of the committee has been called
to it again, and I am instructed by the com-
mittee to move that the first section be stricken
out, and to recommend that the bill as thus
amended be passed. I move to strike out the
first section.
The woids proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows:
That the supreme court of the Territory of Wash-
ington shall ho, and is hereby, authorized to fix the
times for holding the supreme and district courts
thereof at such places as maybe designated by the
laws of said Territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is only one other
section in the bill, and I ask that it be read.
The Secretary read the section, as follows:
Sec. 2. Andbeit further enacted. That the judges of
the district co'urt shall appoint, a clerk for each court
in the district, who shall reside and keep his office at
the place of holding saicl court, and exercise the pow-
ers now provided by law for the clerk oftlie supreme
court of the Territory of Washington, and be subject
to all provisions of law not inconsistent with this act
applicable to the clerk of said supreme court.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended
and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I perceive that the bill
as it now stands ought to be amendecl. I move
to strike out the words "the judges of the dis-
trict court shall appoint a clerk for each court
in the district," and in lieu thereof to insert
" each judge of the district court shall appoint
a clerk for each court in his district."
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to he read a third time;
the bill was read the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr; TRUMBULL, its title was
amended to read: "A bill in relation to the
appointments of clerks of courts in Washing-
ton Territory."
PAY or ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments to the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 101) for the relief of certain
officers of the Army, submitted the following
report:
The committeo of confercnce on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
resolution (II. It. No. 101) for the rolief of certain
officers of the Army, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recoramcnd.anddo recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
thoir disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbored 1, 2, 4, and 5, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from its third amendment.
ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
EDGAR COWAN,
W. SPltAGUE,
Managers un the part of the Senate,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
GTM1AN MARSTON,
NELSON TAYLOR,
Managers on the part of the House,
The report was concuwed in.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senate now to
go on with the civil appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hill
(H. R. No. 737) making appropriations for
sundry expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1867, and for other pur-
poses, is regularly before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole ; and the pending question
is the amendment proposed by the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will take up no fur-
ther time than to read a little statement that
has been sent to me since this question arose.
The Senate will recollect that the question
under consideration is an appropriation of
$1,500,000 for the construction of levees on
the Arkansas and Mississippi rivers to protect
the low lands bordering upon those streams.
Since the question has arisen this note has been
sent to me, which I will read:
" The big crevasses wero cut by the rebels themselves
and wouldnotbcthcrohad they not cut them. They
cut them, as they asserted, to drown out the Yan-
kees."
I suppose that is true.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the honorable mem-
ber tell us whom that note is from?
Mr. TRUMBULL, No, sir ; I do not pro-
pose to tell that. I do not suppose the fact
would be any different by stating the name of
the party.
Mr. JOHNSON. But whether the party
knew the fact would depend very much on the
character of the writer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have understood from
other sources that to be the fact. I have no
doubt that our Army also was instrumental in
destroying some of the levees.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ours cut a great many.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The rebels themselves
destroyed the levees also to some extent. It
was done, I suppose, by both armies, and I sup-
pose that the parties to be benefited by this
appropriation were as instrumental as any men
in the nation in bringing on this war and in
causing all this trouble, and that they are as
well able to bear the losses they have suffered
by the war as any other portion of the com-
munity.
Mi. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate have already shown a disposition to load
down this bill a good deal, but I feel it my
duty to call their attention to the importance
of keeping it free -at .least from propositions
likely to create objection in the House of- Rep-
sentatives. This appropriation, so far. as I
know, is not based upon any estimate or any
recommendation by any officer of,the Govern-
ment. I have listened to the Senator from New-
Hampshire, and I have not heard that any of-
ficer has made a recommendation advising the
appropriation of this sum of money, or that any
estimates for any specific work have been made.
Gentlemen interested in this enteiprise- have
called on me, as they have no doubt on most
Senators. I have no doubt that the olyeot they
contemplated is a very good one, the construc-
tion of levees along the Mississippi river, with-
out which the best land on the Mississippi,
cannot be used for the growth of cotton. But
it is a question whether we ought, at this pe-
riod of the session, to engage in a work of this
kind, when it is admitted by them, claimed by
them indeed, that the work will cost some six
or seven million dollars; that the expenditure
of a million and a half would be only an im-
perfect work ; that there is no general system
or plan upon which the work can be done; that
this will be but a partial relief, and the effect
will be that we shall reclaim but a small por-
tion of the land. We cannot cooperate now with
the State authorities or with the local authorir
ties. I understand that a local tax has hereto-
fore been applied in the State of Mississippi to
the construction of levees. No tax ot that
kind can now be assessed in the present con-
dition of affairs there. There can be no coop-
eration between the local authorities and the
authorities of the General Government, and
therefore the work is not to be done unless we
appropriate sufficient money for the purpose.
I submit, therefore, whether it would not be
better to let the subject stand upon its own
merits, and let a bill properly prepared and
guarded be proposed, appropriating a sufficient
sum, and directing the mode and manner of
expenditure.
If we continue to load down this bill, it will
manifestly lead to its defeat. I feel that I neg-
lected my duty in not calling for the yeas and
nays on an important proposition which was
adopted before the recess, and I shall take
occasion to remedy that, so far as I can, by
calling for the yeas and nays on that measure*
before the bill passes. It seems to me that we
ought not now to jeopard our appropriation
bills by introducing extraneous matter. This
is an appropriation of $1,500,000, a very large
sum for a local purpose, a local improvement.
If it had been put through like the ordinary
river and harbor bill, or other appropriations
for works of improvement, as a separate meas-
ure, on its own merits, I probably should have
said nothing about it, but would have trusted
to the report of the committee ; but when it is
proposed to be put on this appropriation bill,
it is transferred to the Committee on Finance,
and we are expected to take this appropriation
upon ourselves, and take care of it, and "put
it through," in cant phrase. It seems to me
that, under the circumstances, these appropri-
ations, extraneous in their character, and par-
ticularly this, local in its character, ought to
stand upon their own merits. I call for the
yeas and nays upon the adoption of this amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas
and nays have already been ordered.
Mr. GUTIIRIE. There was no reluctance
to tax cotton and sugar. I gave notice then
that I should vote for this measure, and I in-
tend to stand by it. The system in all these
States of keeping up the levees is totally de-
ranged. Formerly they were kept up by a tax
of a dollar a head on all the blacks on these
plantations, and then there was a State tax of
ten cents an acre, and then there was the aid
that was given by the neighborhood in keeping
up the levees. Now, there is no levee from
Vicksburg to Natchez on the Mississippi side.
At the last election before secession, when a
Legislature was chosen, this very cotton region
was conservative and elected representatives
who were loyal to the Government and ia favor
