1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. STEVENS. It is a very plain case. The
company does not run the canal, it does not put
packet boats on it, or anything else, but it,
simply allows it to be used, individuals run it.
It has no application to the case before the
House, no analogy whatever.
Mr. DAVIS. Let me read from an act to
authorize the Slate of Illinois to open a canal
through the public lands to connect the Illinois
river with Lake Michigan:
" It is hereby farther enacted and dee] ared that said
canal when completed shall be, and lorever remain,
a public highway for the u^e of the Government, of
the United States, free from all toll or other charge
whatever, for any property of the United States or
persons in their service passing through the same."
These terms will be found precisely equiva-
lent in effect to those used in the law making
a grant of land to the State for the purpose of
constructing the Illinois Central railroad.
Mr. STEVENS. Precisely, the canal com-
pany does not stock the canal. The canal com-
pany has no authority under that to stock the
canal. They allow individuals to go upon it witli
boats, and they allow the Government to go
upon it as individuals go upon it. It is just like
any common road where toll is charged.
Mr. DAVIS. Under the act granting lands
to the State of Illinois, where the same terms
are used, if individuals were permitted to charge
the Government for transportation, would not
that be a violation of the contract to transport
free from any charge by anybody?
Mr. STEVENS. Wo have argued this matter
so often, that no good lawyer can doubt that
when that grant was made this company was
bound to carry, at its own expense, the troops
and property of the Government in considera-
tion of the grant of lands which it had made.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. Suppose the rail-
road company did not furnish rolling stock to
operate the road, could the Government have
compelled them to do so?
Mr. STEVENS. If tliey cannot compel them
to live up to their contracts they could not. If
they mean to allow them to violate their con-
tracts they cannot compel them to put rolling
stock on the road. That is the whole of it.
They are bound by contracts to furnish ne-
cessary means, and they are bound to trans-
port free all that the Government asks them.
I remember nearly twenty years ago when
this grant Avas made, Mr. Rantoul went out
from here and was connected with the road. I
suggested this same idea, that when they got
the grant they would come in and ask for some-
thing more. I remember the indignation with
which gentlemen repelled it as a reproach upon
the company. It is a reproach which lias
become history now.
What did we give ? We gave to that com-
pany, out of the heart of the country, three
million acres of the public land.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Two mil-
lion seven hundred thousand acres.
Mr. STEVENS. Aboutthree million, it was
estimated in advance. I remember it as if
it were yesterday. What did the company do ?
They accepted the grant. If it is a hard bargain
let tliem restore the goods they have got and
we will release them. They had their eyes open.
They were the shrewdest men in the country.
They went to England and procured a loan.
Their land was notsold at S- oO an acre but at
from five to twenty dollars an acre. I have seen
them advertised where the company asked from
fifteen to twenty dollars an acre.
I have seen an estimate made that they will
have more than ten million dollars from sales
of the lands after all the expenses of building
the road. There will be §10,000,000 to divide
among the stockholders and the road will not
cost them a cent—one of the grandest roads
in the country. Now, talk about equity, equity
on a contract entered into by full-grown men,
men shrewder than we, shrewder than Presi-
dents, shrewder than Secretaries of \\ ar! Be-
cause they refuse to comply with their contract
at a moment when troops were necessary to be
sent to the seat of war and the Secretary of
War paid them, which he had 110 right to do,
because there was some payment made to get
troops down South to quell the rebellion, this
company claim it has a right of equity. I
think the equity is on the other side. I move
that the committee rise to close debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Braxdegee reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order,had theUnion
generally under consideration, and particularly
the Military Academy appropriation bill, and
had directed him to report the same back to the
House with sundry amendments; also that it
had under consideration the Army appropria-
tion bill, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the House
go into Committee of the Whole on this bill
again, general debafe be closed in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
The House then proceeded to the consider-
ation first of the Military Academy appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. STEVENS. On that I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask my friend to with-
draw it to allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I will do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by ad-
ding at the end the following proviso :
And provided moreover. That no part of the moneys
hereby appropriated shall be applied to the pay or
subsistence of any cadet appointed from any State
latelyin rebellion against the Government until such
St ate shall have been restored to its original relations
to the Union under and by virtue of an act or joint
resolution of Congress for that case made and pro-
vided.
Mr. STEVENS. Now, sir, I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments made in commit-
tee were agreed to.
The question then recurred on agreeing to
the amendment offered hy Mr. Sohexck.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. On that I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to insert the word
''hereafter" in the proviso.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object to amending it.
The question was then laken oil agreeing to
the amendment offered by Mr. Sciiexok; and it
was decided in the negative—yeas 38, nays 80,
not voting 05; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. James M. Ashley, Banks, Baxter,
Brandegee, Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Ilriggs, Du-
mont, Eeklcy, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Henderson,
Hisby, Holmes. Hotchkiss, Demas Hubbard, Hul-
burd, tngersoll.Kellcy, Loan, Lynch, MeClurg. Mil-
ler, Morris, Moulton, Orth, fame, Pcrham, Price,
Rollins, Sawver, Schcnck, Sloan, Stevens, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Wcntworth, Williams, and Stephen
F. Wilson—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Alloy, Allison, Ames, Baiter, Bald-
win, Beaman, IScrgen, Birlwell, Bingham, Blaine,
Bontwcll. Brooks, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Davis,
Dcfrees, Denison, Donnelly, Eidridgc, Eliot, Fivns-
wo.th, Fauiuhar. Kerry, Einck, Garfield, Gnder,
Gnnnell, Aaron Harding, Hayes, Hill, llogan, Asa-
hel \V. Hubbard, ,)obn 11. Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilub-
bell, Jeneke*. Julian, Kerr, Keteliam, Kuykendnll,
Latham, William Lawrence, Marshall, Marvin, Mc-
Kce, MeRucr. Moinll, Myers, Newell, Niblack,
Nicholson, Noel!, O'Neill. Phelps, Radford, Ray-
mond, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Hitter,
Rogers, Ross, Shanklm, Sliellabarger, Spalding,
Taber, Taylor, Thayer, Thornton, Trimble, Burt
Van Horn, Elihu B. Wa«bburne. Henry IX Wash-
burn, William B. Washburn, Welker, Whalcy.
James E. Wilson, Windom, Winfield, Woodbridge,
and Wright—SO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Dclos
R A«hley, Barker, Benjamin, Blow, Boyer, Brom-
well Buekland, Buudy, Ch mler, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb Cofroth, Culver, Din-ling, Dawes, Dawson,
Delano, Dentins, Dixon, Egcrleston, Giossbrenner,
Goodyear, Grnwold, Hale, Harris, Hooper, Chester
I). Hubbard, James R. llubbell, James Humphrey,
JamesM IIiimphrev. Johnson, Jones.Kasson, Kelso,
Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond, Longvear,
Marston, McCilllough, Mclndoe, Mcrcur, Muorhead,
Patterson, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Samuol J. Ran-
dall. William H. Randall, Rousseau, Scofield, Sit-
greaves, Smith, Starr, Stilweil, btrouse, Irancis
Thomas, John L. Thomas, Van Aernam, Robert I.
Van Horn, Ward, and Warnei—65.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WENTWORTII attempted to explain
his vote but was called to order by the Chair.
Mr. BAKER stated that for defect of phrase^'
ology he voted no. , ,
The result having been announced as above,
Mr. SCHENCIC said: Another gentleman
having drawn the amendment the word "here-
after" was inadvertently omitted. Inowmovefco
reconsider the vote by which the previous ques-
tion was ordered so as to offer the amendment
again.
The SPEAKER. The previous question wilt
not exhaust itself until the bill is engrossed for
a third reading.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move to postpone
the further consideration of the bill till to-mor-
row. I do it for the purpose of getting the Army
appropriation bill ended; otherwise we must
have a night session.
Mr. SCHENK. I now enter the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. STEVENS. As we have adopted this
Army bill I suggest that by common consent we
consider it reported, and then procecd to con-
sider it with the understanding that the amend-
ments adopted by the committee shall be voted
upon, and also that there shall be a vote taken
on the amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Washburne,] and the amendment
to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Grinnell.]
There being no objection, it was so under-
stood.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move the previous
question on the amendments agreed to in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The question being taken on concurring in
the amendments made in Committee of the
Whole, with the exception above stated, they
were concurred in.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment to the amendment as offered by Mr.
Gill XNllLIi.
Mr. STEVENS. On that I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BROOMALL. Before the previous ques-
tion is sustained, f desire to offer an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. There is an amendment to
an amendment already pending, and you can-
not offer it. I insist on the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being first upon the
amendment to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Grinnell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Toadoptthe
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, would
be merely to "lock the stable door after the
horse was stolen," instead of getting the horse
back.
The question was taken on the amendment
to the amendment; and it was not agreed to—
ayes 30, noes 156.
The question recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Wasiiburxe, of Illinois.
Mr. PARNS WORTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 21, not voting
88; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Beaman, Bergen, Biawoll,
Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegee, Brooinall, Sidney
Claike, Cobb, Conkling, Dcfrees, Deming, Domson,
Donnelly, Damont, Eliot. Farqnhar, Ferry, imck,
Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Higby, Hill. Ho„an,
Holmes, Hotchkiss, John II. Hubbard, Edwin N .Hub-
bell, Ilulburd, Jenckes, Julian, Ketolmm, William
Lawrence, Loan. Lynch, Marston, McCiurg, McKee,
Miller, Morris, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Radford, John
II. Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Sehcnok, Shellaborgei,
Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Taylor, J-hVt'
Trowbiidgc, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Hoi n,
Ehhu B. Washburne, William I. Washburn Welker,
Williams, James E. Wilson, Windom, Winheld, and
ATO — Messrs. Banks, Cook Cullom, Davis,
TMfrsrs Eldridge. Farnsworth, Hooper, lngersoll,
E>r1' iatham, Marshall, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell,
Rogers, Ross, Sawyer, Thornton, Wentworth, and
^NO'PvOTING—Messrs. Ancona. Andorson, Delos
R Ashley, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bingham,
Blow, Boyer, Bromwcll. Brooks, Buckland, Bundy,
Chanier, ReaderW. Clarke, Coffrotli. Culver, Darling,
Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Dixon, Ecklcy, Eggleston,
