1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2159
many things for the next fifty years. I do not
know whether they will ask for more lands ;
but if they do, there are no more.
Mr. DXWES. It is the last bite. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. GRINNELL. A friend of mine on the
other side, though differing in politics, just
came to mo and remarked, '' I want to appeal to
the lionest member from Iowa -to know how
this matter stands." I replied we were taking
a great deal of time over a simple thing. I
will ask the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Julian',] who is so much troubled about this
great grant of lands, what it is, really. Some
twenty or thirty thousand acres of land, of
refuse lands, which even Missouri "Pukes"
would not take up, and has been in the market
for years at a few cents an acre.
Mr. EGGLESTON. Then why do you want
them ?
.Mr. GRINNELL. Let the company take
them, and see what they can do with them by
draining and otherwise.
Mr. EGGLESTON. What does this com-
pany want with these poor refuse lands?
Mr. GRINNELL. They want to have a
variety to show my friend's constituents when
they come there, bad lands as well as good lands.
This road passes through a county in my dis-
trict; and the people are making great sacri-
fices for what they need. Let us vote, and
help a noble enterprise.
Mr. KICE, of Maine. I ask leave to move
the following:
Provided further. That the lands granted by this
bill shall not exceed forty thousand acres.
Mr. PRICE. I do not yield to that amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Pacific Railroad Committee whether under
the fourth section of this bill this company
may not connect their western terminus with
the Union Pacific road, or one of its branches,
by a north and south road, instead of a road
running westerly? I notice that the section
specifies no eastern limit of the point of junc-
tion with the Pacific road, but a western limit
only. I do not understand that it is our policy
to grant lands to enable these companies to
build north and south roads.
Mr. PRICE. I do not think that can hap-
pen under the bill as amended. I demand the
previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
35, noes 58.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Price
and Spai.ihxg were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 57.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have no remarks
to make. I am satisfied that this bill has got
a large majority of friends in this House, and
if it could be sent to a proper committee and
put in a proper shape, I believe that this
House will give the State of Iowa for this pur-
pose any amount of land she asks for. I now
move that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and on that I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I insist upon the
demand. I do as the gentlemen did; they
would not let me speak. [Laughter.]
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WENTW ORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. PRICE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad to report back
House bill No. 411, to secure the speedy con-
struction of the Northern Pacific railroad and
telegraph line and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes, with an amendment, ani with
a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise,
to a point of order. This is an appropriation
bill, being a pledge of the credit of the Uni-
ted States Government to pay certain interest
money and pay the principal in case of the fail-
ure of the company.
Mr. PRICE. I would like to say a word on
that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman before he decides it.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman makes the point
that this is an appropriation bill because itpro-
vides that the Government shall pay from the
Treasury certain sums of money. I have not
the bill before me, but I do not think such lan-
guage as that is to be found ill the bill, ltonly
provides that the Government shall guaranty
the payment of certain sums of money.
Mr. SPALDIN G. When the first twenty-five
miles are completed we have to pay S47.000.
Mr. PRICE. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Read two
or three lines of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
desires to say a few words before the Chair
decides the question.
Mr. PRICE. I maintain that the point of
order is not well taken because this bill only
guaranties the payment in a certain contingency
which may never arise. It is a guarantee in the
happening of a contingency, and until that
arises there is no money to be paid. There
is no appropriation made for the payment of
money.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I beg par-
don ; the Speaker will see from the very lan-
guage of the bill that it is an appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill pledges the
"credit of the United States, in such form as
the Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe,
to the payment of the interest of the stock of
the said company from the date of issue of the
same, and for a period not exceeding twenty
years from the date of said issue, at the rate
of six per cent, per annum, payable semi-annu-
ally on the 1st days of July and January in each
and every year, in the legal currency of the
United States, at the Treasury of the United
States." The second section provides that
certain moneys shall "be applied by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to reimburse the Gov-
ernment. for any moneys paid for interest as
aforesaid."
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to suggest
whether it is not very apparent that not one
dollar of interest can ever be paid without an
act of appropriation subsequently passed by
Congress.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman please
point out what part of the bill so declares?
Mr. BINGHAM. The language of the bill
is, " to pledge the credit of the United States
in such form as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall prescribe to the payment of the interest
of the stock of the said company for a period
not exceeding twenty years from the date of
said issue, at the rate of six per cent, per annum
payable semi-annually." That is a pledge of
the credit of the United States. What then?
Before it can be paid there must be an appro-
piiation passed by Congress authorizing its
payment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
a pledge of this payment "'on the 1st days of
July and January in each and every year, in
tlielegal currency of the United States at the
Treasury of the United States, or any of its
depositories." Tf that is not an appropriation
there is no language that can make an appro-
priation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair might as well
decide the point of order. He is very clear in
regard to it.
Mr. DELANO. I would like to say aword.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman's suggestion.
Mr. DELANO. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the clause making provision
for the use of the money that may be placed in
the Treasury from the sale of the lands. It is
in these words:
Shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United
states by the treasurer of said company on the 1st
days of April and October in each and every year, to
ho, applied by the Secretary of the Treasury to reim-
burse the Government for any moneys paid for inter-
est as aforesaid.
Now, I ask whether any further legislation
is necessary to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay out this money which is to be
thus applied and which is here appropriated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair inferred to
that very section in his remarks.
The Chair sustains the point of order that
this is an appropriation bill for the reason that
by its own force it takes money out of the
Treasury. This bill on every 1st of January
and every 1st of July would take money out
of the Treasury by its own force. There are
two sections in the bill which involve appro-
priations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
submit that the bill must' go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that it be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and upon
that motion I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ROSS moved to lay the bill upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. That would be acting on it
in the House, although itisan appropriationbill.
Mr. ROSS. Well, I withdraw the motion.
The question being upon the motion of Mr.
Wakhburne, of Illinois, to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 43, nays 65, not voting
75 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Boyer, Broomall, Buck-
land, Cobb, Delano, Dixon, Esgleston, Farnsworth,
Farquhar, Fmcfc, Garfield, Glider, Halo. Aaron
Harding, Abner C. Harding, Hayes. James R. Hub-
bell. James M. Humphrey, Jenckes, Latham, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Marston, Morrill, Nicholson, Orth,
Samuel J. Randall, William II. Rami all, Hitter,
Ross, Schenck. He oil eld, Shanklin, Sheila burger, Sit-
greaves, Spalding. Taber, Thayer, Elilm 13. Wash-
burne, Henry 1). Washburn, AVolker, Wentworth,
and Williams—43.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos It. Ash-
ley, Baker, Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Ber-
gen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow, Routwell, Sidney
Clarke, Cook, Darling. Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eliot, Ferry, Grinnell, Henderson, Higby,
Holmes, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulbuid, Julian, Kas-
fcon, Kelley, Keleo, Ketenam, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marvin, McCiurg, Mciiucr, Mercur, Miller,
Morris, Mouiton, Myers. JNewell, NibUck, O'Neill,
Patterson. Perhaxn, Price, John II. Rice, Rogers,
Rollins, Smith, Stevens, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, William B.
Washburn, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Allison, James M.
Ashlev, Baldwin, Barker, Blaine. Brandcgee, Brom-
well Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Coffroth,
Conkling, Cullom, Culver, Davis, Dawson, Defrees,
Deming, Denison, Dumont, Ecklcy, Eidridge, Gloss-
brenner. Goodyear, Griswold, Han is. Hart, Hill,
Hogan, Hooper. Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard. Edwin N. Hub-
bell, James Humphrey, ingersotl. Johnson, Jones.
Kerr, Kuykendall, La&in, George V. Lawrence, Lo
Blond, Marshall, MeUullough, Mclndoe, McKee,
Moorhead, Nocll, Paine, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pome-
roy, Radford, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice, Rous-
seau, Sawyer, Sloan, Starr. Stilwell, Strouse, Taylor,
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trim-
ble, Van Acrnam, Ward. Whaley, Winiield, and
Wright—75.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens S
motion to recommit the bill to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad; and being put, the
motion was agreed to.
