2160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed; and also moved to lay the motiou
to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 33, noes 65.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted; and being taken, it was not agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad to report back
with amendments House bill No. 414, to secuie
the speedy construction of the Northern Pacific
railroad and telegraph line, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal, mil-
itary, and other purposes, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a point of order. My point of order is that
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad has not
ordered any such report to be made.
Mr. PRICE. That is a question of veracity
between the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburn's: | and myself, which can best be
settled elsewhere.
Mr. WASIIBUKXE, of Illinois. I make
the point of order that the committee has had
no meeting since this bill was recommitted, for
the gentleman from Iowa and all his colleagues
have been upon the floor of the House all the
time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. If the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] states that he is authorized by
the committee to make the report, the Chair
has no right to go behind his statement.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a still further point of order: that it is within
the knowledge of the Chair that the bill had
not been recommitted to the committee two
minutes when the gentleman from Iowa slated
that he had been instructed by the committee
to leport it back, and therefore it was utterly
impossible for the committee to have had a
meeting; and that the committee has had no
meeting, for the mentbeis of the committee
have all been in their seats here since the bill
was recommitted. Therefore, it cannot be true
in point of fact that tin1 committee has ordered
this bill to be reported back since it was recom-
mitted.
The SPEAKER, The uniform rule of those
■who have occupied this clniir is that when the
chairman of {^committee rises and states that
he has been instructed by his commitleu to
report a bill, that statement is assumed to be
true.
The Chair lias before him a precedent in the
last Congress which, alter the discussion, was
assriited lo by the whole House, and no ap-
peal was taken. It was the ease of the Illinois
Bhip-canal bill, which was reported from the
Committee on Koadsand Canals. The Speaker
ruled that it was an appropriation bill, and it
was recommit ted to the Committee on Roads
and Canals. The chairman of that committee,
Mr. Arnold, of Illinois, arose in his place and
reported the bill back, modified so that it did
not contain ail appropriation in it. The point,
of order was made that he had no right to re-
port the bill back at that time, because it was
immediately after it had been recommitted,
and there had been no aclion upon it by the
Committee on Roads and Canals since its re-
commitment. The point of order was over-
ruled bv the Chair, and no appeal was taken.
1 he House cannot determine what instruc-
tions the eommittcc may have given their
chairman. They may have instructed him to
report a bill which would be acceptable to the
House : 01- they may have j,iveu him alternate
authority, to report a bill in one form or in
another; or he may have had an enlarged
authority over the subject. The Chair cannot
determine, nor can the House determine, what
authority any committee may have given its
chairman. If he states that he is authorized
by the committee to make a report, the Chair
is bound to receive the statement as correct.
But there is the question of the reception of
the report, which may be raised. The Clerk
will read the-rule.
The Clerk read as follows;
"If ifc is disputed that a report has been ordered to
be made by a committee, the question of reception
must be put to the House."—Barclay's Digest, page 59.
The SPEAKER. That is the only question
that can be raised.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. Let that
question be put.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. 1 rise
to another point of order; that is, that the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad has no
authority to sit during the sessions of this
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains that
point of order.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. This
bill was recommitted during the present ses-
sion of the House; and the House has con-
tinued in session all the time since the bill was
recommitted.
The SPEAKER. The committee may have
authorized the chairman to report an amended
bill, in case the one first reported should be
recommitted to them.
Mr. WASI-IBUItNE, of Illinois. I believe
I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois rises to discuss the question of the recep-
tion of the report.
Mr. PRICE. I wish to say a word in ref-
erence to this question. I have stated that I
am authorized by the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad to report this bill; and when I
make a statement of that kind here or any-
where else, I warn gentlemen that I do not
intend that my veracity shall bo called in ques-
tion with impunity.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from Iowa that gentlemen have
the right to raise these points of order.
Mr. PRICE. Thcy have the right to ascer-
tain what is the fact; but when the fact has
been ascertained by the statement 
Mr. ROSS. I rise to a question of order.
The SPKAKEli. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. ROSS. U is that brethren should dwell
together in unity, [daughter.]
The SPE A KER. The Chair sustains that
point of order. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. WAS1IBURNK, of Illinois. J believe,
Mr. Speaker, that I have the floor, and I yield
it to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Thayeu,] that ho may move to adjourn.
Mr. TILAYIiLi. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. On that
motion J demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 47, nays 08, not voting
7H ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Broomall, Buck-
land, Cubb, Cook, Delano, Dixon, iAuquhnr, Finek,
(iaitieid, (I rider, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abner 0.
Ilaulnipr, Hayes, James 11. lhtbbell, Hulburd, James
M. Munipiiicy, Jenekes, Julian, Keteham, Latham,
Marston, Miller, Newell, Niblnek, Nicholson, Orth,
Patterson, Samuel J. Randall. William ]I. Randall,
Hitter, Ro<^, Scofield, Shankliu, Shellabarger, Sit-
prreaves. Spalding, Taber, Thayer, jvhlm B. Wash-
huuie, Henry ]). Washburn, Welker, Wontworth,
Williams, Stephen ]•'. Wilson, and Writtht—47.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames. Anderson. Delos R. Ash-
ley, Banks Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen, Bid-
well. Iiinduun, Blow, Boutwell, Sidney Clarke. D.ir-
Iin:,'. Halves, Dod^e, Donnelly, Dri?gs, Eliot, Ferry,
(Irhmell. Henderson, Holmes, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Kasson. Kelley, Kelso, Lallin, William Lawronee,
Loan, Lon?joai\ Lvnch, Marvin, JlcClurs, MeRucr,
Meieur, .Morris, Moulton, O'Neill, Perham, I'nee.
John It. Rice, Rollins, Sehenck, Smith. Stevens, Fran-
cis Thomas. Trowbridge. Upson, Burt. Van llorn, Rob-
ert!'. V an Horn, Warner, William B.Washburn, J ames
F. Wilson. Wrindom, and Woodbrid^e—oS.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Allison. James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Blaine, Bover, Brandegee,
Bromwell, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Coff-
roth, Conkling, Calloin, Culver, Davis, Dawson, De-
frees, Doming, Denison, Dumont, Eekley, Essleston,
Eldridge, Karnsworth, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Gris-
w old, Harris,It art.IIigby,Ililt, Ilogan, Hooper, Hoteh-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James Humphrey, In-
gersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Kuykendall, George
V. Lawrence, Lo Blond, Marshall, McCullough, Me-
Indoe, MeKee, Moorhead, Morrill, Myers, Noell,
Paine, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, Ray-
mond, Alexander II. Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Saw-
yer, Sloan. Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Taylor, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble. Van Aernam, Ward,
Whaley, and Wrinfield—78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois, obtained
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois rises to debate the question of the recep-
tion of the report. The Chair will state that
debate must be confined within a very limited
range. The only question is as to whether the
House will receive the report under the cir-
cumstances stated by the chairman of the
committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to proceed within the limited range stated by
the Speaker.
Mr. BANKS. I raise a point of order,
which is that the question presented by the
gentleman from Illinois is a question of the
order of business, and is not debatable. If a
discussion is to proceed upon the allegation
that the chairman of this committee has re-
ported a bill without authority, it is a question
of privilege, and must be presented distinctly
as such, and not as a question of the order of
business. A question of privilege such as that
would require an investigation into the trans-
actions of the committee, which cannot be had
at this lime, and which cannot be discussed at
this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The Clerk will read from the
Journal of the Twenty-Seventh Congress, sec-
ond session, page 1410, a precedent on this
question.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The Speaker stated that no question of order was
involved; that the question, Shall the bill be received
as the report of the committee? was for the House
alone to decide; and as the reception of the bill was
objected to, that question would be put to the House.
"The question was then put under the operation
of the previous question."
The SPEAKER. It will be observed that in
that case the question was put under the opera-
tion of the previous question, showing that,
without the operation of the previous question
the question would have been debatable, though
within the narrow limits just stated by the Chair.
Of course the previous question would have
been unnecessary, if, in the opinion of the
occupant of the Chair at that time, the question
had been undebatable.
This is the only precedent the Chair has been
able to find in tlieliurried examination which
he lias had the opportunity to make since the
point was raised.
•Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
endeavor to confine myself within the limits
laid down by the Speaker. I debate .this in
no spirit of faction. I say that my friend from
Iowa [Mr. Price] is mistaken in the position
he assumes, and the House will bear me out
in what I say.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman debates this,
when ho gels through, can the other side be
heard? T raise the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois has not transgressed the proper limit of
debate. The House will see there may be a
time when the question of reception may be
important. A chairman may rise and say he
has been authorized to make a report, al-
though a majority of the committee may be
opposed -to it. If his report, be conclusive, the
House would have to consider it.
Mi\ WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish
my friend from Iowa to distinctly understand
I do not impugn anything he has' said. Such
is not my habit "here or elsewhere," to use
rhe slang of the day. [Laughter.] But I
call attention to this fact, and the House will
bear witness to its truth, that this bill was
reported back within two minutes after it was
recommitted to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, a committee consisting of fifteen
members. I am certain my friend from Iowa
was not five feet from his seat all that time.
