1200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March (h
Garfield, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell,
Griswold, Hale, Aaron Hardin?, Harris, Henderson,
Asahel W. Ilubbaid, Chester D. Hubbard, I)cmas
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, James Humphrey,
James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Kel-
ley, Kelso, Kuykendall, Laflin, George Y.Lawrence,
Lc Blond. Longyear, Marvin, McCnllough, Mclndoe,
MeRuer, Mercui, Moorhcad, Morrill, Moulton, New-
ell, Orth. Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Pike, Plants,
Porueioy, Price, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Alexander H. Riee, Rousseau, Sco-
field, Shanklin, Sitgrcaves, Smith, Starr, Stilwell,
Strou^e, Taber, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Robert T. Van Horn. Ward, Warner, Henry D. Wash-
burn, Stephen F. Wilson, and Woodbndgc—88.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. HILL said: My colleague, Mr. Stil-
well, is confined to Lis room to-day by illness.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. STEVEN'S moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion 4was agreed to.
message from the ben ate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution (S. R. No. ;>(>) pro-
viding for expenses incurred in searching for
missing soldiers of the Army of the United
States, and for the fmiher prosecution of the
same: and a bill (S. No. 17o) to eoniirm the
title of  Jok£ Serafin Ramirez to certain lands
in New Mexico ; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
leave ok absence.
Mr. DENISON. I ask leave of absence
for my colleague, Mr. Sthousk, for one week,
and for my colleague, Mr. Cokfrotii, for four
days.
There was no objection 5 and the leave of
absence was granted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave of
absence for Mr. Hale for two weeks.
There was no objection, and the leave of
absence was granted.
Mr. HADKORD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SOil KM UK. J ask the gentleman to
allow me to make a suggestion. There is a
motion to reconsider pending relative to an
amendment, to the Military Academy bill. I
suggest that we dispose of it now.
Mr. ELDR (IXI E. There is no quorum here.
Mr. RADEORI). It will lead to debate.
Mr. SOHENOK. It will give rise !o no
debate at all. The object is merely to correct
an inadvertency in an amendment that was
offered.
Mr. RADFOKD. It will take half an hour
to call the yeas and nays on it. I insist 011 my
motion.
The SPEAKER. The bill to which thegen-
tlernau from Ohio [Mi. ScurAVk. j refers will
come up the first thing after the reading of the
Journal to morrow. Barely a quorum voted
on the last call of the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on Mr. Rvdfoild's
motion, and it was agreed to; and thereupon
(at. live minutes to live o'clock p. m.) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &«., were presented under
th" rule and relet rod to appropriate committees:
by Mr. ALLKY: The petitionsof Lynn Five-Cent
Savings Rank, the N ewburvport Five-Cent Savins
Bank, and the Salem Savings Rank, for the reduc-
tion of taxes.
Also, the petition of William S. Roycc & Sons, with
otheis, for alteration in the tanffie-pecting lastiugs.
By My. AMES: The petition of Abington Savings
Bank, for a modification of the internal revenue law
imposing a tax 011 the deposits and dividends of
savings banks.
Ry Mr. AS11LEY, of Nevada • The memorial of offi-
cers of bnited States ship Independence.
Also, th'-memoi ial from the Legislature of Nevada,
on railroad hind crmnts.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of M. J. (lou/.ales,
late chaplain in the Army of the United Slaves, for
compensation for losses sustained while engaged in
the performance of official duty.
Also, the memorial oi J. W. Black, a soldier of the
Army, asking a pension, in consideration of services
rendeied and the loss of his sight while engaged in
the public service.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of Illinois Cen-
tral, Chicago, Burlington and Quincy, Chicago and
Northwestern, the Detroit and Milwaukee, and other
railroad companies, praying for a modification of the
revenue laws so as to encourage the construction
and introduction into general use of iron railroad
bridges and certain other iron structures, and to
render the panic practicable.
By Mr. B1N(tIIAM : The petition of the Columbus
and Indianapolis Central, the Bellefontaine. the Cin-
cinnati and Zanesville, the Indianapolis, Peru and
Chicago, and Indianapolis and Cincinnati Railroad
Companies, praying for a modification of the reve-
nue laws so as to encourage the construction and
introduction into general use of iron railroad bridges
and (pertain other iron structures, and to render the
same practicable.
By Mr. BR00MALL: The petition of 110 citizens
of the United States, residing m Chester county,
Pennsylvania, pra>mg for such change in the Con-
stitution oi the United States as will make the Pres-
ident and Vice President, eligible by direct vote, and
shall empowerConcrressto proscribe the qualifications
of voters for President, Vice President, and Repre-
sentatives.
Also, the petition of 119 citizens of the United
States, residing in the said county, praying Con-
gress to impose Mich conditions upon the rebel States
as shall punish treason, rcwaid loyalty, and abolish
distinctions in their constitution and laws on ac-
count of color or nice.
By Mi. CLARK13, of Kansas: The petition of George
Ford, M. 11 art man, and 12U citizens of Lawrence, Kan-
sas, praying for relief C01 the widows and orphans of
that city, leit so by the Quantreli raid and massacre
in August, 18GH.
By Mr. DAVIS: The remonstrance of Messrs. Wyn-
koop Jirother, Charles Cornell, and others, dealers
111 and manufacture!s of stationery, envelope--, etc.,
against the passage of the proposed aet to authorize
the sale of stamped envelopes at the price of the
stamps.
By Mr. DELANO: The petition of P. S. Tlumriek-
houso, and oO others, wool-giowers of Coshocton
county, Ohio, praying for an increased duty on for-
eign wooi-i upon the principle of protecting the wool-
glower equal with thai, ot the manufacturer of this
country.
By Mr. DECREES: The petition of tho ladies of
Steuben county, Indiana, asking for universal suf-
''iiy jrr.BUMONT:Thepclition of Thomas lJ.Watts,
.John B. Green, John .Jennings, and 70others,citizens
of Marion and Boone counties, in the State of Indi-
ana, praying that mail route 12017,from Whitestown,
by Royalton, to WliiteLiek, be changed so as to be
from A occulta Stat ion, in Marion eounty, by Royalton,
to White Lick; mid that from Augusta Station to
Royalton the route may be via Trader's Point, 111
Marion count v.
By Mr. Ei \rCK : The petition of Mary Ann Hilcs,
of I locking county, Ohio, praying for the allowance
ot a pension.
By Mr. 11ALE: Two petitions of citizen^ of Clin-
ton county, New York, for protection to American
industry.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: the petition
of tin: savings institutions at, Cambridge, Massachu-
setts, to be relieved from tax on their depo>its.
Also, Ihe petitions of thes.iviug.- institutions in the
eitv of Worcester, to be relieved from tax on their
deposits,
By Mr. KELLEY: The memorial of ;S0 inhabitants
of B> berry township, Philadelphia county, Pennsyl-
vania, pray mg lor the imposition of such conditions
upon the 1 ohel States as shall punish treason, at least
with ineligibility to uffico and lo^s of power, and re-
ward loyalty with contideneo and honor: and which
hhall demand as an evidence of Mneeie loyalty and
good lairh, on the part of those Slates, the abolition
of all distinctions in their constitutions and laws 011
account of color or race; and further to immediately
so amend the Constitution of the United States as to
make these eonditionsimperuliYc and perpetual.
By Mr. MILLER- The petition of firm-i in Lewis-
burg, Pennsylvania, engaged in the manufacture of
harvesters and other agricultural implements, for the
purpose of a. law allowing thnm in making leturns to
deduct the value of any and all paits of machinery
which have alread\ paid a tax.
By Mr. MtCLLUG. The petition of citizens of
O.ks county, Mi^oun, for the relief of Colonel II. W.
Cleveland.
By Mr. MORRIS: Ten petitions, containing 800
name^ of citizen.- and tax-pajers of Yates county,
New } ork, piotesting against the icnewal of the so-
called reciprocity treaty with Canada.
By Mr. A'EWELL: The petition of T. Abbott, and
others, in favor of an itu-re.ixo of the tarilf.
Mr. N1BLACK: The petition of John L. White, of
Evansville, Indiana, praying tor an extension of his
patent for improvement 011 the trucks of locomotive
engines.
By Mr. ORTII: The petition of the Jeflcrsonvillc,
Terre llaute and Indianapolis, and Ohio and Mi*sis-
sippi Railroad Companies, praying for a modification
ot the revenue laws, so as to encourage the construc-
tion and introduction into general use of iron rail-
road bridges and certain other iron btiuctures, and to
render the same practicable.
By Mr. RAYMOND - The petition of II. Howard
Cargiil, and otheit, a^i1-!aut at>es-sois of the sixth
di-ti.-'t of New York, pi a \ m<v for :-.n increase of com-
pensation.
Also, the memorial of the paper and envelope man-
ufacturers and dealers and stationers of New York,
against the proposed law *u relation to the sale of
stamped envelopes.
By Mr. RITTER: The petition of Colonel A. M,
Stout on behalf of Lieutenant John W. Taylor, com
pany F, twenty-seventh Kentucky volunteers, pray
ing for compensation fo' services from July 1, 1863,
to February 13,1804, in ihe grade of second lieuten-
ant.
Also, the petition of Captain J. C. Mc-Ferian, assist-
ant quartermaster United States Army, to be credited
by moneys out of which he was defrauded by an offi-
cer of the commissary department.
By Mr. RICE, of Maine: The petition of Lorenzo
E. Sabine, and others, of Brewer, Maine, for the abo-
lition or reduction of internal tax 011 manufactures
of bricks.
Also, the remonstrance of E. P. Dunn, and others,
of Bangor, Blaine, against tho passage of a law for
sale of stamped envelopes at tho price of stamps,
By Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts: The petition of
the officers of the Dorchester Savings Bank, for ex-
emption from lax 011 deposits in that institution.
By Mr. SPALDING: The petition of Joseph T.
Ilolloway, and others, citizens of Cuyahoga Falls,
Ohio, in relation to insurance.
By Mr. AVASltBUliN, of Massachusetts: The
petition of the trustees ot Franklin Savings Institu-
tion of Greenfield, Massachusetts, praying for the
repeal of the tax on such institutions.
Also, the petition of trustees of Northampton In-
stitution for Savings, in the ninth Massachusetts dis-
trict, prayingfor the repeal of the tax on such insti-
tution.
By Mr. WENTWORTII: The petition of certain
assistant assessors, for increase of p^y.
By Mr. WELKER: The petition of A. B. Spitzer,
M. (4. Goodrich, and 137 others, wool-growers of Me-
dina. county, Ohio, asking the passage of such laws
as will afford adequate protection to wool-growers
against foreign e< mpetition.
By Mr. WILSON,of Pennsylvania: The petition of
citizens of Tioga county, Pennsylvania, praying Con-
fa e^s to enact such just and equal laws for tho regu-
lation of inter-State insurances of all kinds as may
be effectual in establishing the greatest security for
tho interests protected by policies, &e.
notice of a bill.
The following notice for leave to introduce a bill
was given under the rule :
By Mr. ELIOT: A bill toprovido^orthesettlement
of accounts of ccrtain public officers.
papers withdrawn and referred.
By Mr. lynch: Tho petition of John Gordon for
pension was withdrawn from tho files and referred to
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March g, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
Tho Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
personal explanation.
Mr. WADE. I notice in the report of the
remarks I made on Thursday last a statement
which was undoubtedly a slip of the tongue. I
presume it was taken down precisely as it was
stated, hut it did not express my meaning. It
was with regard to a question put by the Sen-
ator from California, [Mr. Coxness.J It reads
thus:
"Mr. Coxness. A radical change I
"Mi\Wapk. No,Mr; itibiiotaradicalchange. My
radicalism is exactly the same that what you called
my abolitionism was. £ir, it has conquered you."
As though it was addressed to the Senator
from California. That was a slip of the tongue.
I intended it to apply to those who oppose that
sentiment, certainly not to the Senator from
California.
petitions and "memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented the memorial of C.
B. Gardner, praying for compensation for brick
belonging to him used by the United States
Army during the siege of Nashville, Tennessee,
in the month of December, lSi'4; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HOWE presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Wisconsin, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Glen Bulah, She-
1 bovgan county, to West Bend, Washington
j county, Wisconsin ; which were referred to the
; Committee on Post Offices and Post Koads.
! Mr. WILLIAMS presented a memorial of
1 officers of the United States receiving ship In-
i dependence, stationed at the Mare Island navy-
| yard, California, praying for an increase of
' pay; which was referred to the Committee on
■ Naval Affairs.
