3120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
opportunity for extending its canal through the
city of Washington has existed during all of that
time. It is supposed that some years ago there
was considerably more business done in this
portion of the country than there is now. If
I have not, been misinformed the business of
Washington and of the adjoining country, and
particularly of the Chesapeake and Ohio canal,
was formerly vastly greater than it is now. I
believe the bordering country, with its towns
and cities, did a greater business, and had a
greater amount of transportation, twenty years
ago than it now does or is likely to do for a
considerable time to come, judging of coming
events by the shadows they cast before. And
still this vast opportunity for running coal down
to tide-water and for making profitable a desir-
able investment has lain here entirely neglected
and unnoticed, not only by the gentleman's con-
stituents, but by the citizens of this District and
city. 1 am told that for fifteen years this canal
has lain entirely neglected, acknowledged on
all hands to be a seething pool of corruption
in the midst of a considerable city, without any
effort being made on the part of capitalists or
anybody else to improve it for navigable pur-
poses or take care of it and prevent its remain-
ing dangerous lo the public health.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Maryland
takes exception to the tenth seclion of the bill
in regard lo the form in which this company is
authorized to condemn property. I do not
pretend to be posted on the peculiar laws of
this District. The bill of rights of which the
gentleman speaks I suppose is one of theheir-
looins left to the people of this District by the
government of Maryland. I know that it is
one of a class of questions which have caused
a considerable amount of discussion. I do not
think, however, that the gentleman's conclu-
sion is eon-eel I lull, any portion of the constitu-
tion of Man land can have Ihe effect in the
District of Columbia lo make so fair and so
equitable a provision aslhis unconslilulional
and \oid, il'il would bevoidasan enactment,
I need not say lo the gentleman, or I o any mem-
ber of lliis House, I bat being void it would be
entirely harmless. l!ut if not void it is llien
a fair and equitable provision, it is exaelly
such a clause as is usually pel in aelsof incor-
poration throuL'houf the northern and weslern
States on Ihe subject of condemning property
for Ihe purposes of constructing railroads and
canals.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 desire to ank the gentleman
aqueslion. Whether this bill does not give
absolute authority lo this corporation to take
in fee or absolutely all tin; interest or any por-
tion of the i nl i ■ res I of the Chesapeake and
Ohio Canal Company, and if (hat is taken
away whether the right of control is not abso-
lutely in Ihe company hereby created. Does
it not lake away the right of the existing com-
pany to that portion of the canal constructed
by them which I be company may desire to use?
Mr, COM!. I was coming to that. I will
read two sections of the bill, one of which was
read by (he gentleman from Maryland, and
which il was claimed had the elfeot the gentle-
man speaks of:
Skc. l(i. . 1 }i'f he it further rnueted, That in order to
aid tlio said District of Columbia Canal and Sewer-
age Company in fulfilling the objects and require-
ments oi this :tcl, 1 he use of that pni't of tho Wash-
ington caaal, and bridges crossing said canal, for tho
purposes aforesaid, bol ween the junction of Virginia
avenue and a point near the foot of >Sevenleentll
street west, at tin: mouth of Tiber creek, nnd for tho
width of seventy feet, to he determined by a line
drawn throufch tho center of said canal or channel
and extended therefrom on eillier ride thirly-livo
feet, be, and the same are hereby, vested in the said
District of Columbia Canal and Hewcraffo Company,
to have and to hohl the s.ullo for the use and benefit
of.the said company.
sre. 17. And he It further enacted, That nothing in
this act contained shall be held or deemed, iu any
manner or way, to injure or impairany public orpri-
vatc rislits or interests, or in anv manner to affect
tho same beyond tlie mere, transfer of tho rights of
the United States to said District of Columbia Canal
and Sewerage Company.
The section last read will answer tho gentle-
man's question, I think.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow mo
to ask whether one of the amendments incor-
porated in this bill, at the end of section seven-
teen, does not say " except as hereinbefore
provided;" and whether that exception does
not give the entire right of which I speak ? I
have the "bill herewith the amendmentspassed
by the House.
The SPEAKER. The amendments have all
been reconsidered.
Mr. COBB. They have all been reconsidered
and the bill stands just as it originally was.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, all that this bill pro-
poses to do is to grant the right which this
Government has in the property. If the Gov-
ernment does not own it, it does not grant it.
If the Government has no right to reclaim and
take possession of it, then it grants nothing.
If the Government has that right, I respect-
fully submit to this House that it is the most
economical maimer of disposing of this matter,
as it is the only proposition, of the many which
have been made, or which are likely to be made,
that will cost the Government no money.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] if he can furnish
any precedent, when a corporation creatcd by
law has failed lo perform all tho duties for
which it was organized within tho time speci-
fied, where the Government has proceeded to
take away the franchise thus granted when the
company was ready to proceed.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] will show me a precedent
whore a company has so entirely failed to carry
out the object for which it was organized, and
has allowed the grant to remain unused to an
extent detrimental not only to the commercial
interests but to tho health of the people, and
slill has been allowed to go on, then I will
undertake to show him the precedent to which
ho alludes.
I now propose to yield a part of my time to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wei.keu.]
Mr. ]*'. THOMAS. Before the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Conn] does thai, will he
yield to me a few moments?
Mr. COBB. For what purpose ?
Mr. h1. TllOMAS. I want to set the gen-
tleman right on one point. 1 did not interrupt
him while speaking.
Mr. COBI1. How long a time does tho gen-
tleman desire?
Mr. F. THOMAS. Not more than five min-
utes, I think.
Mr. COBB. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I am much indebted to
the gentleman for his courtesy. I desire to
explain why it happens that I did not appear
before the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia and there unfold what 1 have said hero to-
day. In March last I offered a resolution
instructing the Committee for the District of
Columbia to inquire into the expediency of
making an arrangement by which tho Washing-
ton canal could be made a part of the Chesa-
peake and Ohio canal. And lasked the chair-
man of that committee to give ine a hearing
whenever the matter came up before the com-
mittee for consideration. But I neverrcccived
any intimation that my presence before that
committee would be acceptable. Accidentally I
learned that commissioners had been appointed
to examine into (he condition of this Washing-
ton canal, with a view to making it a sanitary
institution and also with a view lo ils commer-
cial capabilities. I had an interview with those
commissioners, and they told me what their re-
port would bo as to thcimprovement necessary
lo prevent that canal giving out any noxious
malaria. Ancl I knew the city of Washington,
through its corporate authorities, was engaged
in carrying into effect the recommendation of
these engineers. And I have been waiting for
tho otlior report of these engineers, setting
forth in a scientific manner what should be
done to make this Washington canal a contin-
uation of tho Chesapeake and Ohio canal. And
while thus waiting, to my surprise this bill was
thrown before this House for action.
Now, that is the history of the whole affair.
But I did go before the Committee for the Dis-
trictof Columbia. Having accidentally learned
that this matter was before them for consider-
ation, I made rny appearance there, and made
a very few comments; I felt very awkwardly
situated there; I had not been invited to appear
before them, and I went there very reluctantly,
for I did not know but I might be regarded as
an intruder there.
Now, one word more. The gentleman does
great injustice to Maryland and to one of her
humble Representatives here, in supposing that
we. have any objection to a legitimate and fair
application of capital from any quarter of the
earth to the development of the valuable but
latent resources of any part of our State. The
very gentlemen who are seeking this grant from
Congress, obtained from the State of Maryland,
with my approbation, the right to make a canal
from Washington city to the city of Annapolis,
if they thought proper to expend their capital
for that purpose. Now, with this statement,
1 think the gentleman must be perfectly satis-
fied that I am utterly incapablc of so narrow
an idea as to resist an improvement merely on
account of the source from whence the funds
for it are to be derived.
Mr. COBB. In reply to the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas,] I will say that I
derived this idea of a foreign corporation partly
from the gentleman's own remarks, and partly
from the statements of the representatives of
the city. In regard to the gentleman appearing
before the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, I of course knew nothing of any arrange-
ment with the chairman. I knew that the
gentleman was before the committee; and I
think I am not mistaken when I say that not
only the chairman, but every oilier member of
the committee, treated him with respect and
listened with attention to his argument, though
doubtless some of us felt some astonishment at
some of the propositions which the gentleman
submitted. As 1 understood liim at that time,
his opposition to this bill was based upon a
more extended and comprehensive ground than
the argument which ho now presents.
[ now yield the floor lo my colleague on tho
committed, the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Wm.kbii.'l
Mr. WEIJCEIi. Mr. Speaker, this question
is not a new one in the Congress of the United
States. For a great number of years it has
come before Congress in different ways for
different purposes. Tho form in which it pre-
sents'itself at this time is this: there passes
through the city of Washington an old canal,
which everybody admits to be a nuisance, and
hence tho question arises, whata are we to do
with it? Shall we fill it up or shall we expend
the public inonej' in order to abate the nui-
satico and to improve it for some purpose or
other? This bill comes to the House from the
Senate, having passed that body, and is de-
signed for the accomplishment of these pur-
poses : first, a sanitary purpose—to get rid of
what is admitted to be a nuisance to the city
of Washington ; second, to furnish a sewer-
ago ; and third, a navigable canal for the city.
Foi twenty-five or thirty years this old canal
has been a common cess-pool for this city, and
for perhaps the last fifteen or twenty years it
has been the receptacle of the sewerage of the
city of Washington so that it is now found to
be, as I have remarked, a great nuisance,
pressing earnestly upon us the question, what
shall we do with it ?
This bill proposes to organize a canal and
sewerage company with this threefold object.
In the first place, the sanitary purpose should
interest us all. It had been decided by the
board of health of this city that this canal was
a nuisance, and that if it he not abated in
some form or other it would invite the cholera
during tho approaching heated season. The
ii;:st object, then, of the bill is to get rid of this
nuisance for the purpose of bringing about a
better sanitary condition.
The next proposition is to make a common
sewerage for the city. All admit that it is ne-
cessary for a great city like Washington that
there should be a common system of sewerage,
and this is provided for in the bill. IIow? This
