1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BROCKS. I understand that the amount
paid will be $634,000,000.
Mr. MILLER. I withdraw the previous ques-
tion, and move that it go to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
legal-tender national bank notes.
Mr. STROUSE offered the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
mailing the notes issued to and hereafter to he issued
to the national banks of the UnitedStates legal tender
for the payment of all debts, public and private, ex-
cept diities on imports, and thus placo the national
bank notes upon an equality with the Treasury notes,
generally known as greenbacks; the said committee
to report by bill or otherwise.
increased duties on imports.
Mr. THAYER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill amendatory of an act entitled 1' An
act to increase duties on imports, and for other
purposes," approved June 80, 18G4 j which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
league island.
Mr. KELLEY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of instruct-
ing the "Secretary of the Navy to accept from the city
of Philadelphia, on behalf of the Government, the
title to League Island, and to provide for the sale of
the site of the existing navy-yard at Philadelphia as
soon as it can be abolished consistently with the pub-
lic good, and to report by bill or otherwise.
bounties.
Mr. O'NEILL introduced a bill granting
bounty and additional bounty to soldiers, sea-
men, and marines, in the war of 1861, or their
heirs j which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Commiitee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
military f0kce in seceding states.
Mr. WILLIAMS offered the following reso-
lution, upon which he demanded the previous
question :
Resolved, That in order to the maintenance of the
national authoiity and the protection of the loyal
citizens of the acceding States, it is the sense of this
House that tho military forces of the Government
should not be withdrawn from those States until the
two Houses of Congress shall have ascertained and
declared their further presence there no longer neces-
sary.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. N1BLAOK moved that the resolution be
laid on the table.
The question was taken ; and tho House re-
fused to lay the resolution on the table—ayes
28, noes 75.
Mr. DAWSON" demanded the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken 5 and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 37, not voting
51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos E. Ashley,
Baker, Banks, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwcll,
Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegee, Brorawcll,
Broomall, Bandy, Header "\V. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Cunkling, Cook, Cullom. Defrees, Doming,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grmnell, Abner C. liar-
ding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard Chester D. Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Jcnckes, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham,-Kuyken-
dall, Liifiin, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marvin, McClurg, McKee, McRuer, Mercur,
Miller, Moorhcftd, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth. Paine, Patterson, Plants. Price, Alex-
ander 11. Rice, Rollins. Sawyer, Scoficld. Shellabar-
ger, Spalding, Stevens,-Thayer, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Acrnam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Welker, Wil-
liams Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Chanler, Davis, Dawson, Delano, Denison, -Eld-
ridge, Ulossbrenner, Grider, Aaron Harding, Hogan,
Edwin N. llubbcli, James M. Humphrey, Kerr,
Latham, Lc Bloud. Marshall, Niblack. Nicholson,
Noell. Samuel J. Randall, Raymond. Hitter, Rog-
eis. Ross. Smith, Stillwell, Strouse, Tabcr. Taylor,
Voorhce*, Wmfield, Woodbridge. and Wright—-37.
NOT VOTLNG—Messrs. Alley, Allison, James M.
Hubbard, James Humphrey. Ingersoll, Johnson,
Jones, Kasson, George V. Lawrence, Marston, Mc-
Cullough, Mclndoe, Newell, Perham, Phelps, Pike,
Pomeroy, Radford, William H. Randall, John II.
Rice, Rousseau, Schcnck, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Sloan, Starr, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble,Wentworth, Wkaloy, and James
F. Wilson—51.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. DRIGGS said, regretting the introduc-
tion of the resolution, I vote aye.
Mr. MARSHALL said, my colleague, Mr.
Thornton, has been called home, and is not
yet in his seat. If lie were hero he would
doubtless vote against this attempt by the House
to usurp the duties of the Executive.
r The resultofthe vote having been announced,
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
funding the national debt.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill to authorize the issue
of bonds for funding the obligations of the Uni-
ted States, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, recommitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
the naval academy.
Themorninghour having expired, the Speaker
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
compliance with the resolution of the House
of December 21, 1805, a report of the amount
expended in the permanent establishment of
the Naval Academy at Annapolis; which was
referred to the Committee on JS aval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
the test oath.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following communication from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury:
Treasury Department, January 5,1866.
Sir: I herewith transmit a<-opy of aletter recently
rcccivcd from the a^sesror of internal revenue for tho
third district of Georgia, and request attention to its
contents, as showing the difficulties which now em-
bairu1^ the revenue htrviccin consequence of the oath
required of office-holders.
Very respectfully, H. MCCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. S. Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to have the
accompanying letter read.
Mr. STEVENS. "We all know what it is. I
do notjhink it ought, to be read. f
Mr. BROOKS. Let it be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Assessor's Office. U. S. Ixtekkal Reyexue,
'JjiiRD District of Georgia,
Avuksta, JJccembcr 20, 1865.
Sir: I am constrained to write you in relation to
the repeal or modification of tlu^tcst oath so far as
it relates to the internal revenue officers, at least the
assistant assessors in southern States. 1 have labored
assiduously to iind competent men, who could take
the oath, for assessors; and have to report that 1
havo failed to find any such, except in a single
instance, in my district, comprising twenty-three of
the most populous counties ot tho State of Georgia.
X have organized my distuct by allowing the assist-
ants to take the oath of office and allegiance, and pro-
ceed to the discharge of their duties, trusting to Con-
gress to provide for their payment as directed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. Many of these
men are very much reduced in circumstances by the
war, and stand in imperative need of their pay in
order to provide for their families. Indeed, some of
them will be compelled soon to rosign their places in
order to encage in some business that will yield them
ready money on which to live. I am satisfied that
unless something is done in this matter immediately,
I shall bo unable to assess the tax in my district.
Jf Congress would so modify the oath as far as it
relates to officers of the internal revenue and Post
OfTico Departments, down here, I am sure it would
be regarded everywhere and prove to be a patriotic
measure, one in which both North and South are
equally interested. Unlets bomcthing of the kind is
done, I am at. a loss to know what we are to do.
Respectfully, j_ jjOWLE,
Assessor Third DUtrid of Georgia.
Hon. -Hugh McCulloch, Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I move that this com-
munication. with the accompanying paper, be
printed and referred to the joint committee on
reconstruction.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. SeoiiiiiLu] amend his mo-
tion so as to instruct the- committee-to report1
within thirty days ? _ ,
Mr. SCOFIELD. I. think that will not be •.
done. I call for the-previous question.
The previous question was seconded,and the"
main question ordered.
Mr. Scofield's motion.was then agreed tos
A. T. SPJSSfCEB AND GUKUOM HUUBAKD. -
Mr. GARFIELD, by nnaniipous-.consentj in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Ai T. Spejacer1
and Gurdon Hubbard; which was read ' a first-
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
DUTY ON FOKEIGN SAM.
Mr. DAVIS; by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to consider the expediency of increasing
the tariff or duty on foreign ealt, imported into the
United States, by the amount of the duty imposed by
the act of 1864,' to provide for internal revenue," on
salt manufactured in the United States; and to report
by foill or otherwise at an early day.
amendment of pension laws.
Mr. FARQUHAR, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution \ -which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of amend-
ing the pension laws so as to authorize the payment
of pensions to the widows or minor children of sol-
diers who have died when absenton furlough, or'after
honorable discharge, from disease contracted in the
service.
reissue of united states bonds.
Mr. SHELLABARGrER, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the followingresolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That .the Committee of Wayf andM^ans
be instructed to inquire into the necessity and pro-
griety of providing for the reissue of lostormutilated
onds of the United States, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
punishment of counterfeiting.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, by -unanimous consent, *
submitted the following resolution-, which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary bo
instructed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing at an early day to this House a billpunishingthe
crime of counterfeiting any of the notes or other pub-
lic securities of the United States with death.
bridge at clinton, iowa. *
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill declaring a certain bridge over the
Mississippi river a post route and highway;
which was read a first and second time, ftnd
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the House referred
tho bill; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
revenue on custom-work.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, submitted
tho following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to: ,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be, and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into tho
expediency of so amending the revenue law as to ex-
empt within certain limits the custom-work of me-
chanics, such as blacksmiths, shoe and boot makers,
saddlers, harness makers, wagon makers, tailors, tin-
smiths, tanners, curriers, and others from the payment
of internal revenue taxes.
harbor 01? -michigan city, -indiana.
Mr. ORTH. by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he in- *
strueted to inquire into the expediency of making an
appropriation by Congress for the completions f the
harbor at Michigan City, Indiana.
branch mint in idaho.
Mr. HOLBROOK, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following preamble and reso-
lution ; which were read, considered, and
agreed to:
Wherehs the recent discoveries of the vast andex-
tensive mineral fields of the interior, which the patient
and laborious toil of miners has developed, demon-
strate that the deposits of pi ecious metals in the Ter-
ritory of Idaho are unsurpassed in richness and ex-
tent bv those of any other country, and which it will
take the continued labor ot ages to exhaust; and
