1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2161
I suggested what I know to be true as a mat-
ter of fact, that the committee had not in any-
parliamentary sense a meeting by which tlicy
could have ordered the reporting back of that
bill. I will read the rule as laid down in the
Manual.
But first I will state a case, which I think the
Speaker will recollect, a case which arose in
the Thirty-Fifth Congress, when Mr. Orr was
Speaker. Mr. Clingman, as chairman of a com-
mittee, undertook to report a bill, when the
question arose whether he was authorized to
report it. He said he had consulted a majority
of members upon the floor and considered he
was so authorized. The Speaker held he had
no such authority after consulting the commit-
tee one by one when they were not together
as a body. It is laid down in the Manual as
follows:
"A committee meet when and where they please—
if the House has not ordered time and place for them—
but they can only act when together, and not by sep-
arate consultation and consent, nothing being the
report of a committee but what has been agreed in
committee actually assembled."—Manual, p. 85.
I appeal to my friend from Iowa as an hon-
est, candid, and like myself a somewhat hasty
man, whether he comes within that rule. If
he will say in tlie presence of the House he has
had the committee together and they have con-
sidered the bill and amendments made to it, I
will withdraw my opposition. I object to the
reception of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I can understand perfectly
the case of Mr. Clingman referred to. lie
stated distinctly they had not a session. It is
not this case at all. The chairman here was
instructed to report this bill. He lias so stated,
and no member of the committee has denied it.
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SPALDING- moved the House adjourn,
and demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 40, nays 60, not voting
83; as follows: *
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Bromwell, Broom-
all, Cobb, Cook, Dela.no, Dixon, Finck, Grider, Halo,
Aaron Hardin?:, Abner C. Harding, Ilayes, James R.
Hubbcll, Jenekes, Julian, Ketcham, Latham, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Marston, Newell, Niblack, Nichol-
son. Orth, Samuel J. llandall, William II. Randall,
Hitter, Ross, Shanklm, Shellabnrjrer, Sitgreaves,
Spalding, Tabor, Xhayer, Elihul). Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, Wentwoith, Williams, and "Wii^ht—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, Banks, Baxter, Beam an, Bergen, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Sidney Clarke, Darling,
Dawes, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot, Farquhar,
Perry, Grinnell, Henderson, Higby, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, Kasson, Kelloy, Kelso, Laflin, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, Marvin, MeClurg, Mclluer, Mer-
cur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
O'Neill, Pcrham, Price, John H. Rice, Rollins,
Schenck, Smith, Stevens, Francis Thomas, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Bmt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn,
Warner, William B. Washburn, James E. Wilson,
Windorn, and Woodbridgc—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Barker, Benjamin, Blaine, Boyer, Brande-
gee, Buckland, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Coffroth, Conkling, Cullom, Culver, Davis, Dawson,
Defrees, Deming, Denison, Dumont, Eckley, Eggle-
ston, Eldridge, J^arnsworth, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Goodyear, Griswold, Harris, Hart, Hill, llogan,
Holmes, liooper, Ilotchkiss, ChesterIX Hubbard, De-
mas Hubbard, John H.Hubbard, Edwin N.Hubbcll,
James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Johnson, Jones, Kerr, Kuykendall, George V. Law-
rence, Le Blond, Marshall, McCullough, Mclndoe,
McKee, Morrill, Noell, Paine, Patterson, Phelps,
Pike, Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, Raymond, Alex-
ander H. Ricc, Rogers, Rousseau, Sawyer, Scoficld,
Sloan, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse, Taylor, John L.
Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, van Aernam, Ward,
Welker. Whaley, Stephen Wilson, and Win-
field—83. *
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on seconding the
demand for the previous question on the recep-
tion of the report.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
58, noes 38, and the main question was or-,
dered.
' Mr. SPALDING. I demand the yeas and
nays on the reception of the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. _ If the
House adjourns, Mr. Speaker, will this be the
first business in order in the morning?
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 136.
Mr. STEVENS. If the question on the
reception is dccided now we may adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I want
to raise a point of order on the reception.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is rather
late, as the previous question is ordered on
that subject. The Chair will si,ate that if the
House should adjourn this would be the unfin-
ished business, and would come up as soon as
the Journal is read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the House adjourn.
The question being put, there were—ayes 48,
noes 49.
Mr. DELANO. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, if the gentleman will with-
draw his demand for the yeas and nays, I will
make a motion to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. It can be withdrawn by
unanimous consent.
Mr. DELANO. I ask unanimous consent
to withdraw it.
No objection was made.
The question was then taken on the motion
to adjourn, and it was agreed to ; and there-
upon (at ten o'clock and twenty-live minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The. following petitions,  SrcMwere presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate commii tee* :
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Daniel S.Young
& Co., and many other firms and dealers in tobacco,
for a change in the tax on imported from a gradual
to a uniform scale of duties.
By Mr. BAXTER: Tho petition of Joel Jones, and
26 others, of Wolcott, Vermont, regarding the recon-
struction of the revolted States.
Also, the petition of Mrs. laicinda Gates, asking that
the pension granted her husband, a soldier of the war
of 1812 be continued to herself.
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of citzens of
Schuyler county, Missouii, that Congress require
ample guarantees from the rebel States before their
members arc admitted to seats in the national Legis-
lature.
By Mr. BINGHAM :ThepctitionofGordon Lofiand,
Hugh Wilson, and others, of Guernsey county, Ohio,
for protection to wool.
Also, the petition of James Stockdale, Benjamin
Harris, and others, of Guernsey county, Ohio, asking
• protection to wool.
Also, the petition of W. Emerson, John Gray,
Philip Inhart, and 280 others, citizcn^of Tuscarawas
county, Ohio, asking protection to wool.
Also, the petition of wool-growers of Tuscarawas
county, Ohio, asking protection to American wool.
Also, the petition of W.N. Camden, llenry liartly,
and others, of Guernsey county, Ohio, asking protec-
tion to wool.
Also, the petition of John English, Thomas Dixon,
John S. Hull, and others, of Tuscarawas county,
Ohio, asking a reduction of tax on the sale of agri-
cultural implements.
By Mr. BUCKLAND: The petition of George H.
Adams, and 29 others, citizens of Tiffin, Ohio, for a
law regulating inter-State insurance.
By Mr. COBB: The petition of Richard Mann, and
87 others, of Sauk county, Wisconsin, on the subject
of reconstruction.
Also, the petition of J. S. Maxon, and 44 others,
of Bradford and Evansvillc, in Wisconsin, on tho
same subject.
Also, the memorial of Edwin B. Wagoner, late sec-
ond lieutenant in the twenty-filth regiment of Wis-
consin volunteers.
By Mr. DARLING: The petition of dealers in leaf
tobacco and manufacturers of cigars, in the city of
New York, for an increase of tariff on thoso articles.
By Mr. DONNELLY : A remonstrance of citizens
of Read's Landing, against the obstruction to the
navigation of the Mississippi caused by the Clinton
railroad bridge.
By Mr. HAYES: The petition of 308 citizens of
Ohio, against restoring to the Union any State lately
in rebellion, until adequate secuiity has been ob-
tained against, a renewal of the attempt to secede.
By Mr. KUYKENDALL: The petition of A. B.
Safford, and others, of Cairo, Illinois, praying for a
uniform law regulating insurance companies.
By Mr.LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: A petition
from citizens of Washington county, Pennsylvania,
asking an increase of duty on foreign wools.
By Mr. MOULTON : The petition of 17 citizens of
Keidy's Farm; also, the petition of 21 citizens of
Sandoval; also, the petition ofl3 citizens of Cotton-
wood, all of the State of Illinois, praying that no
rebel States be admitted -into tho Union without
guarantees and securities for the future.
By Mr. ORTH: Remonstrances from many citi-
zens of Indiana against the' restoration of the late
rebel States until guarantees of future security are
obtained.
By Mr. PERHAM: The petition of 80 citizens of
Maine not to restore any State recently in rebellion
as a governing power in the Union till adequate
security has been obtained against its renewing the
attempt to secede, against any payment of debt in-
curred in the rebellion, and any distinction on account
of race or color, and in favor of certain amendments
to the Constitution.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of 239 citizens of tho
State of Iowa, asking Congress not to restore any State
that hasrebellod and warred accainst the Cm tod States
to its> place and power a* a governing partner in the
union till adequate security hasbeen obtained against
its renewing the attempt to secede; against its being
represented in Congress beyond its just proportion
according to its voting population; against any pay-
ment of debt incurred in rebellion, or for its emanci-
pated slaves; and against any distinction in its con-
stitution, laws, or municipal regulations on account
of color or descent.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, April 23, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gkay.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
protection to united states officers.
The PRTCS rPENT pro tempore appointed as
the committee of conference on the part of the
Senate on the hill (II. It. No. 288) to amend
an act entitled "An act. relating to habeas
corpus and regulating judicial proceedings in
certain cases," approved March ISOo, Mr.
Clark, Mr. Tikjmbuli,, and Mr. IIbxdiuuks.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Dakota, praying that certain set-
tlers in that, Territory may be indemnified for
losses which, it is represented, they will suffer
by the terms of the treaty with the Pecan In-
dians, now pending in the Senate : which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
lie also presented a communication from tho
New York East Annual Conference of the
Methodist Episcopal Church, expressive of tlie
views of that body in relation to the present
state of the country; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of unmar-
ried daughters of revolutionary soldiers, pray-
ing that they may be granted the same pension
that was received by their mothers while liv-
ing; which was referred to tho Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented two petitions of white
voters in the southern part of Florida, praying
that commissioners maybe appointed to award
damages for property belonging to them which
was confiscated and sold by the rebels; which
were referred to tho Committee on Claims.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citi-
zens of Burlington, Iowa, who represent that
the laws and regulations touching the business
of insurance now in force in the several States
are dissimilar, and tend to the detriment of
trade, and they therefore pray that Congress
will enact such just and equal laws for the reg-
ulation of inter-State insurances of all kinds
as may be effectual in establishing the greatest
security for the interests protected bypolicies,
and promotive of tho greatest good and con-
venience to all concerned in such transactions;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the petition of
James Smith, of New York, praying Congress,
in behalf of himself, and others, citizens of
New York and Brooklyn, to pass a joint reso-
lution abolishing the fractional part of a cent
now exacted for each passenger in street rail-
road cars, or otherwise to exact the entire
cent for the internal, revenue, in lieu, of the
fractional part, which the citizens will not com-
plain of; but they do seriously complain of the
extortion of these monopolists, whose .stock
cannot be purchased for two hundred per cent,
above the par value. I move the reference of
this petition to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred s. bill (H.
R. No. 345) for the relief of Christina Elder,
reported it with an amendment, and submitted
