1202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MarcH 6,
However, I will withdraw it for the time being
for a few moments.
Mr. CONNESS. I now> move that the bill
(H. li No. 136) to extend the time for the
withdrawal of goods for consumption from
public store and bonded warehouse, and for
other purposes, be made the special order for
half past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. Say two days hence. I may
not get through with this bill to-day. You
have taken up half of the morning hour already.
Mi'. CONNESS. I withdraw the motion at
the present time and will make none in con-
nection with it.
MISSOURI MILITIA EXPENSES.
Mr. BROWN. I move, then,_ that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill that I have
named.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 31) to reim-
burse the State of Missouri for moneys ex-
pended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and provisioning militia forces to
aid in suppressing the rebellion.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed lor a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL rjiFHKllUD.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(II. R. No. 127) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending 30th
of June, 1807, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
IIONDEI) WAREHOUSES.
Mr. CONNESS. I move now to proceed I o
the consideration of the bill named by me in
my former motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (IT. R.
No. 13f>) to extend the time for the withdrawal
of goods for consumption from public store
and bonded warehouse, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the motion to
reconsider the vote passing the bill.
Mr. SPJIAGUE. Mr. President, it is known
to the Senate that L am opposed to the object
designed to be accomplished in the passage of
this bill. 1 endeavored upon a former occa-
sion to state my objections to it somewhat
at length, and 1 have since reflected upon the
measure and evil tendencies and consequences
to which the interests of the country will be
subjected if the bill is permitted to become a
law. With the view of a most thorough inves-
tigation of the subject, or as thorough as my
ability would permit, 1 have gone hack to the
views of those who framed the Constitution
and assisted in bringing the nation into birth.
I have been among those who have thought
well and deeply upon all questions connected
with the industry of the people, and 1 design
to read a portion of the address of the Con-
gress of the United States of 1778 on this sub-
ject. It is pertinent now, and the people of
the country and the Legislature of the country
may look wisely to the suggestions and advice
that that address contains. It says:
" Refrain a littlewlnlefrompuichasinsT tliesethinfrs
which art1 not absolutely necessary, that so those who
have rmcro-^ed commodities may suffer, as they de-
servedly v-ill, the lo^s of their ill-gotten sains b;
reason of their commerce with foreign nations.''
Thus spoke the Congress of 1778, and fur-
ther that same Congress in 1779, wiih regard to
monopolies, said:
" It is our opinion that taxes judiciously laid on such
articles as become the obiect ot' the engrossers, and
those frequently collected, would operate against the
Pernicious tendencies of such practices."
I have endeavored to show, and 1 have cer-
tainly convinced myself if [ have not been able
to convince others, that the effect of the meas-
ure called the bonded warehouse system is to
engross commodities, that speculation may bo
made therefrom. The Government and the
importer join hands to engross commodities
out of the markets of the people, so that when
the rates of prices are of a character to suit the
profits that they design to obtain, those com-
modities may be launched upon the market.
Sir, if those who desire to recall to our minds
the works and the acts of the early fathers, will
go with me and will study their acts, they can-
not but believe with me that the doctrines of
this bill are pernicious and should not be made
a part of the American system. _
As I progress in the investigation of this sub-
ject I discover new ideas. X discover that it is
not as it seems to be. I discover that the law
when it was first enacted established a certain
system, and after it had been in cffect for a
time decisions of the Treasury Department or
acts of Congress were obtained which changed
the intent entirely of the original projectors of
the system. This bonded warehouse system is
understood generally, I believe, by the people
to be a system of store-houses in the possession
of the Government where the goods are entered,
kept in the possession of the Government in
their bonded warehouses, and under their con-
trol, subject to their direction; but such is not the
fact. The bonded warehouse may be the count-
ing-house or the otficc or the store of the im-
porter. The goods are in his possession, and lie
has simply to give to the Government a bond that
when his goods are entered for consumption lie
will pay the duties prescribed by law. Such, 1
believe, is the fact, that the Government for a
piece of paper, upon which may bo the name
of anybody that may be accepted bythe officials
of the custom-house department in any city or
in any town where there is a custom-house,
parts with ils property. In case of lire those
goods of eo urscare never entered upon I he mar-
ket, and the consequence is that so much of
revenue is lost to the Government. You not
only arc speculators, you not onlyjoin partner-
ship with the importer for the introduction of
commodities into consumption, but you insure
the commodities to the importer. You are thus
a grcatinsnrancc agency. You first help to buy
the article, then you insure the sum that the
duly amounts lo. I do not believe that the work-
ing of this system is generally understood by
legislators and by those who direct public acts
of legislation and by the country.
One reason why 1 have brought this subject
to the attention of the. Senate and the country
is because of the flooding of the desks of Sen-
ators with articles directed against the Ameri-
can system and the industry of the people. It
is necessary that there should be counter-state-
ments made, and where better than in the Con-
gress of the nation? 1 cannot expect either to
attract the attention of Senators by eloquence
or by rhetoric, but 1 do desire to convince them
by the convictions that arc within me.
It has been said that, my course in regard to
this matter will prejudice the American system,
will prejudice the industrial interests of the
country as applied to import duties. Sir, if that
great system stands upon no firmer foundation
than that any portion of it could be in any way
affected by a poor advocacy of it, then it ought
never to exist. I am sure that it has merits of
ils own, that however poor the advocacy, it will
not affect ils ultimate success, and the ultimate
good that the people of this country will receive
from it. If such ideas are to be used as a threat,
threats aLe Hie mother of fear, and if fear has
taken possession of the opponents of those who
advocate this system, I have nothing to say lo
them. They are in the position that 1 designed
they should be. Fear is not on the side that 1
advocate. We are strong because we know that
the system that, we desire to have perpetual,ed
in the legislation of the United States has re-
sulted in prosperity, and it will result in the
strength of the American people and of the
Am encan nation.
The able Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessex-
nEx] has distinguished me by the suggestion
that, perhaps, the working of the system is as
1 have endeavored to show, if such is the
fact, if 1 have proved the assertions that 1 have
made, if I have convinced him, I am proud of
the action that I have taken. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman"] is disposed to think-
that it may be so also, but he thinks this sys-
tem has become so ingrafted into the trade and
into practices of the people that it may be dif-
ficult to uproot it. Sir, wherever there is a
system that is detrimental to the interests of
the people, detrimental to the interests of trade
and of commerce, detrimental to the interest
of any hill or measure before the body, it is the
duty of those that understand it to stand firmly
and fearlessly in the advocacy of measures that
will promote different results.
Sir, this measure is endeavoring to aid com-
merce with foreign nations. Let us see for a
moment the figures as applied to this question.
Let us for a moment compare the revenue as
derived from custom duties and those derived
from internal revenues. In 1805 the value of
dutiable goods, wares, and merchandise im-
ported amounted to ยง183,804,407. The cus-
toms or duties from them amounted to $80,-
035^238. The total value of goods, wares, and
merchandise not liable to duty was Sol, 129,700.
In 1865 the amount received from internal rev-
enuewas $211,129,529 17. The business that
produced that revenue, as near as T can calcu-
late it, would amount to ยง3,500,000,000. The
amount of business that produced from imports
a revenue of $80,035,238, is $183,304,407. Yon
propose to foster a business of $183,304,407 at
the expense and to the detriment of a business
of $3,500,000,000.
The advocates of this bill suggest that the
object to be attained is, that there may be du-
ties collected in the ports of the United States
on goods that may be withdrawn by ships and
people of foreign nations engaged in trade.
Now. sir, let us see to what extent that great
object, is designed to be accomplished. Here
is a letter from the Assistant Register of the
Treasury giving the exact figures on this sub-
ject, which I will read:
Treasury Department, Itrce.isTFR's Office,
Washington, February;!, Is,06.
Sir: In accordance with your request, I have the
honor to state that the importations during the fis-
cal year ending June 30,1865, were as follows: free,
851,081,532; dutiable, $183,253,278; total, 5.234,559,810.
Entered for exportation from warehouse dunngsame
period, value dutiable, $9,978,593 74.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. A. GllAlIAM,
lleyistcr.
For the purpose of having about ten millions
of value ot goods in bond, the Government of
the United States are made to join hands with
traders, with insurance agents, with specula-
tors, who compete with the industry of the
people of this country iu every department of
industry.
'The Senator from California, and no one re-
spects him or his State more than I, designs to
create for the city of San Francisco a great
mart for commerce, greater than London or
New York. I honor him for that disposition.
One would know that he would follow in that
track, and that he would foster any enterprise,
any State, or any people with whom he was
identified. I have yet to learn that his actions
and his votes have not a wider aim, and I have
yet to see that his interests and his energies are
not devoted to the interests and prosperity of
our common country. But, sir, he may, like
other men, be mistaken in the plans that he
would carry into effect in carrying out this de-
sign. California to be a great State must be
great other than by her mines of gold or silver.
She must, develop her agricultural resources;
she must develop her manufacturing interests.
She can never expect to be a great agricultural
State until she also becomes a great manufac-
turing State, for the markets that the manufac-
turers open to the agriculturists are not only
necessary but essential to the increase of the
products of the agriculturists. As it is in the
older States, so it must be in the, new; and ho
will do well to direct the people of his State so
that all the people, both miners and traders,
and inhabitants of all kinds may have varied
occupations as in the older States, so that
every member of the family may find remu-
nerative emplyment. Until he can employ his
whole people, from the children to the old men,
