2162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
a written report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of fifteen petty officers and twenty-six sea-
men of the Western flotilla, praying for prize
money or compensation for captures made at
Island No. 10, Memphis, and other places on
the Mississippi river, have instructed me to
report it back, and ask that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of
the subject. I am also instructed to say that
the committee were not willing to report against
the petition, but there was not sufficient evi-
dence accompanying the petition, nor were the
committee able in the Department to find suffi-
cient evidence to justify a favorable report or
a report of a bill appropriating money.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Andrew Branstetter, praying for a pension,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to_the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, as it
does not come within the purview of the Com-
mittee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 494) for the
relief of Martha J. Willey, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Josephine
Rice, widow of Brigadier General James C.
Rice, praying for a pension, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, upon the
ground that the petitioner is already entitled to
a pension under the general law.
I ho report was agreed to.
Mr. KIRKWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. '20.'!) to enable the New York and Montana
Iron Mining and Manufacturing Company to
purchase a certain amount of the public lands
not now in market, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. CRAOIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Edward St. Clair Clarke, acting assistant pay-
master United States Navy, praying to bo re-
lieved from all responsibility m consequence
of money lost by robbery in May, 180.3, while
attached to the United States steamer Sum-
ter, submitted a report accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 283) for the relief of Kdward St. Clair
Clarke. The bill was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (LI. R. No. 453) for the relief
of Cornelius B. Gold, late acting assistant pay-
master United States Navy, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. \VJLLEY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
Otway II. Berryman, of the Navy, praying to
bo allowed an amount equal to the balance
found against him on the settlement of his ac-
counts as acting purser while in command of
the United States schooner Onkahye, and which
he has been obliged to pay over to the United
States, submitted a report accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 284) for the relief of the children
of Otway H. Berryman, deceased. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
CATTLE PLAGUE.
Mr. SHERMAN.^ I am instructed by the
Committee on Agriculture, to whom was re-
ferred a letter ot' the Commissioner of Agri-
culture giving information in relation to the
rinderpest or cattle plague, to state that that
communication has been considered by the
committee, and after consideration they have
directed me to report this resolution:
Resolved, That there he printed for the use of the
Senate ten thousand copies of a letter of the Com-
missioner of Agriculture communicating informa-
tion in relation to tho rinderpest or cattlo plague.
I ask for the present consideration of the
resolution.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Agri-
culture would like very much indeed to report
some measure of a practical character to coun-
teract if possible the cattle plague now prevail-
ing in Europe; but we did not see that Con-
gress had authority to pass an effective measure.
In Great Britain, after various orders in coun-
cil and various efforts to stop the progress of
the cattle plague, they have recently passed a
very stringent law, embodied in this letter,
authorizing certain districts, supposed to #be
infeeted, to be first inspected, and then, when
they are pronounced infected, authorizing the
destruction of cattle in those districts. Under
it the officers or inspectors may enter any man's
field, barn, or close and seize and summarily
destroy cattle affected by or even subject to the
plague. It contains provisions for the destruc-
tion of hides, offal, hay, straw, or other mate-
rial likely to convey the infection. It requires
the active assistance of justices of the peace,
constables, and the whole machinery of local
laws and levies a local tax under the name of
a cattle rate. It is manifest if such a law is
needed to accomplish the purpose we must
appeal to the State authorities. That such
severe measures are needed to accomplish the
wished-for result is shown, not only by this act
of Parliament, but by the actual execution of
similar measures in France, where by imme-
diate destruction of cattle infected they have
checked the disease.
Tho destruction which this disease has occa-
sioned is much more fearful than I had any
idea of until I read this communication and
recent communications from England. As a
simple illustration of the destructiveness of
this disease, I will state that of 203,350 cattle
attacked in a short period of time in certain
districts in Groat Britain, 39,487 were killed,
120,804 died, and only 28,056 recovered. There
is great danger—it is manifest that it is im-
pending—that this disease may come to this
country. It has pursued very much the samei
march in Europe that the cholera has done,
and it probably will come here, notwithstand-
ing all the efforts that may be made by the
Government and people of the United States
to exclude it. It is an important subject for
the States to consider whether measures ought
not immediately to be adopted, founded upon
the experience of other countries, to prevent
the spread of the cattle plague. ,
The letters of our consuls in Europe have
recently contained authentic statements of its
progress. Mr. Dudley, our consul at Liver-
pool, under date of February 2, 1866, writes
that the plague is not confined to England and
Scotland, but prevails on the Continent in Bel-
gium, Holland, Prussia, some of the German
States, and in parts of Russia.
In the same letter he says:
"Inelosurc No. 2 contains tho returns made to the
authoiities at London of tho cases reported in the
kingdom during the week ending on the 27th of Janu-
ary, as taken from the papers of to-day, and two or
thrco articles showing the fatality of the plague in
certain localities it has visited. In one there is alist
of persons who have suffered in the parish of North-
enburg, with tho number of cattle they have each
lost, and the number left. In Cheshire, the county
just across the river from Liverpool, up to last Mon-
day, 160,11 cattle had died ofthedisease,700ha.d been
killed, 5,247 were under treatment, and 1,245 had re-
covered. Upward of 3,000 were buried in this county
during the week. From an article taken from the
Scotsman, a paper published in Edinburgh, it would
appear that the plague bus entirely ceased in that
city, either having exhausted itself or else been
stamped out. Bat the article goes on to say,4 Tho
vastness of the Joss, however, that may be incurred
before the disease runs its coursc in any district, where
it once makes entry is indicated by the fact that
about four fifths of all the cows in Edinburgh, when
the disease broke out here,died or have been killed.'
As fearful as is the niortality.I fear it is rather under
than overstated, and many other counties and towns
have been and are suflering by this terrible plague
equally if not worse than there. All kinds of reme-
dies have been tried, but up to the present time no
specific has been found; and if vaccination fails, no
preventive has been discovered.
"By the official returnsyou will see that there isno
abatement but a still further increase of the disease
for the week ending on the last Saturday. (See in-
closure No. 2.) The footings show 11,745 now cases,
being an increase of 1,704 oases over the provious
week. Thus far there have been reported to the
authorities J20.740 cases, of which but 14,162 have
recovered: the rest have either died of the disease,
been killed, or are still under treatment."
Mr. Abbott, consul at Sheffield, writes under
date of February 17, 1866:
"The rinderpest continues to spread and the mor-
tality to increase, notwithstanding the precautions
which have been taken to prevent the dittusion ot
the disease. For a time it was supposed that mora-
lation was a safeguard, but even this remedy seems
" When Professor Gamgee addressed the social con-
gress, in October last, he was much ridiculed, not only
in the discussions in the congress, but m the columns
of the newspaper press, of stringent measures which
he recommended. _ „ ,
" The exemption of Ireland, the partial exemption
of one or two of the Scottish counties, seems to be
due in the former case to a prohibition, which ts
rigidly enforced, of the importation of cattle into
the island; and in the latter case, to the system of
* crushing out' the disease by the slaughter of cattle
wherever it appears."
The rinderpest prevailed on the Continent
for some time before it crossed the English
Channel. In 1862, 152,000 cattle died with it
in Austria. It spread over all southeastern.
Europe with an average of more than seventy-
five per cent. It was carried to England by an
importation of Russian bullocks, and already
200,000 very valuable cattle havo perished.
We cannot estimate the destruction of such a
disease if by probable contingency it should be
brought to ourshores by any one of the numer-
ous vessels daily arriving from the infected
regions. We do not underrate the importance
of the subject or the imminence of the danger.
But the question with us was, whether we
had any power under our system of govern-
ment to pass such a law as that which has
proved to be somewhat effective in England,
because the operation of that law, although
very severe, has stayed to some extent the
cattle plague, and has prevented it from spread-
ing into regions where it might possibly, but
for these very severe measures, have spread.
We could not see that under our form of gov-
ernment Congress has the power to order the
summary destruction of the private property
of individuals in the'States, nor use the vast
number of local officers to make it effective.
We thought, therefore, the only thing we could
do was to report a resolution for the publica-
tion of a number of copies of this letter, so that
the information which it contains may be gen-
erally distributed for what it is worth among
the people of the several States. I am only
sorry that the Legislatures of the different
States did not take some action upon it before
most of them adjourned. At_ any rate we
thought it was a subject demanding immediate
attention, and that if we could not do anything
by law more than we have done in prohibiting
the importation of foreign cattle and hides, we
might invoke the attention of our countrymen
to an impending peril.
Mr. SIIMNER. I was sorry to hear two
remarks of the Senator from Ohio. The first
was that the cattle plague was coming. I hope
that by proper precautions it may be averted.
I do trust it may never come. I hope the
Atlantic ocean at least may be a barrier. I
was sorry also for the other remark that, in
his opinion, Congress could not apply any
remed}'. I do not venture to question the
accuracy of the remark; but I was sorry that
the Senator who had the question in charge
had arrived at that conclusion. It does seem
to me that under our Government Congress
ought to be able to apply a remedy in such a
case. * Is not our Government defective to a
certain extent if Congress has not that power?
I merely open the question interrogatively now,
without undertaking to express any opinion
upon it. I agree with the Senator from Ohio
that it is of great importance that our people
• should be put on their guard. He therefore is
right in causing the circulation of all public
information on the subject; but I do hope that
the Senator having the subject in charge will
consider carefully whether it be not within the
power of Congress, in some way or other,
directly orindirectlv, t0.^P 7 a Pre<£?„ cvnntJ'
Mr. SHERMAN. The honorable benator
