4082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
taxes should we collect from six hundred
thousand bales of cotton? A tax of three
cents a pound is $13 50 a bale. Thirteen dol-
lars and a half a bale upon six hundred thou-
sand bales of cotton would give us a revenue
next year of $8,100,000 from the article of
cotton, which cannot be grown unless this ap-
propriation is made.
Ihe honorable Senator may say, "They are
rebels anyhow, and we will make them pay
taxes whether they are represented here or
not." .Senators know that I am in no hurry
about their being represented, hut when I un-
dertake in the absence of the representatives of
those men to impose a tax of §8,000,000 upon
them, I think I can very consistently make an
appropriation of $1,500,000 here asked. But
is that all ? Let me ask the honorable Senator
if he proposes to levy any tax upon the sugar-
cane grown upon the soil of Illinois? None
whatever. We know that the sugar manufac-
tured from the Chinese cane is free of taxes,
every species of it. There is no tax levied
cxccpt upon the sugar-cane grown exclusively
in the southern States. How much shall we
realize from that ? Those officers who have
examined this country say that the entire sugar
section of Louisiana cannot now be cultivated.
Senators know that every acre of it has been
submerged this summer, to the utter destruc-
tion of the sugar crop. We shall not grow one
dollar's worth of sugar in the submerged region
of Louisiana this year.
Now, turn to the census of 1860 and see how
much sugar was grown in that country. I find
that there were two hundred and forty-one thou-
sand hogsheads of sugar in 1860 grown in this
protected region west of the Mississippi river in
the State of Louisiana. Not one hogshead of
that has been grown this year on account of the
overflow of the river. That production of sugar
would give us a tax of §2,410,000 at one cent
a pound, which is the tax we levy by our inter-
nal revenue act; and remember there is no tax
on any other sugar-cane except that grown in
the South. • If we can realize two hundred and
forty-one thousand hogsheads of sugar next
year, we get a tax under our .excise bill of
$2,410,000.
But thai is not all. I found upon examina-
tion of the census that three hundred and sev-
enteen thousand barrels of molasses was raised
in this submerged country in Louisiana in 1860.
Mr. SHERMAN. But these levees are on
the east side of the river.
Mr. HENDERSON. No, sir; they are in-
tended to protect the sugar country on the west
side as well as the cotton country on the cast
side.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly it provides for both.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood from the
Senator from New Hampshire that it was to
protect the Yazoo land.
^Mr. HENDERSON. It does protect the
Yazoo land; but that is not a sugar-growing
country. The Senator knows that the Yazoo
land is the best cotton-growing country of the
southern States; and I referred to the Yazoo
country when I spoke of the country that pro-
duced six hundred thousand bales of cotton.
That portion which we propose to .protect south
of the mouth of the Arkansas river is on the
-.vest side, and is exclusively a sugar-growing
country.
I was going on to state that there were three
hundred and seventeen thousand barrels of
molasses grown there in 1860. 1 put those
barrels at forty gallons each, making twelve
million six hundred and eighty thousand gal-
lons of molasses, which, at a tax of three cents
a gallon, ifould yield $380,400. Thus the ag-
giegate of taxes which we may collect next
year in consequence of this small appropria-
tion is §10,890,400. I have merely made a
fair calculation from the census figures of 1860.
Senators can see whether we shall make money
by it or not so far as the taxes are concerned.
The Senator from Illinois need not make so
much disturbance about "rebels." I am as
much opposed to rebels as'that Senator or any
other Senator; but I am heartily tired of this
eternal calling out "rebels! rebels!" when-
ever an appropriation that is at all distasteful
to gentlemen is asked. I am-not in favor of
rebels. I will go as far as that Senator or any
other Senator to protect every man in the
southern States in his equal rights against reb-
els. I am for equality before the law, and for
establishing eternal justice in that country. I
will go as far as any man to protect the white
and black; but whaf does the Senator mean by
this talk against " rebels?" Does he not know
that there are perhaps seven hundred and fifty
thousand negroes entirely dependent upon this
very country which we propose to reclaim, for
their support? If you will only throwup levees
and enable the farmers of that country, rebel
or not rebel, Union men or not Union men, to
cultivate the land, to grow cotton, sugar, and
molasses, next year you will not only collect
nearly eleven millions of taxes, but you will
give employment to seven hundred and fifty
thousand of these suffering negroes that we
are now feeding from the Treasury daily with
rations.
If I have the power to pay money from the
Treasury in order to feed these negroes, in the
name of Heaven have I not the power to vote
a small appropriation to enable them to work
and make their own living; and if I can ap-
propriate $11,000,000 to feed the negroes in
the southern States, why can I not appropriate
a million and a half in order to give them land
to work and toil and make their own living
upon? I voted for the bureau bill, and I did
not doubt my constitutional power ta-vote for
it, and I do not doubt my constitutional power
to make this appropriation to save these men
from starvation and misery and death.
Mr. President, I have said enough. I hope
the appropriation will be made.
Mr. HOWARD. I intend to vote for this
amendment. I think it a necessary appro-
priation and that the country will in the end
be more than compensated for the amount
which we are about to appropriate. I shall
not vote for the measure simply because if
enacted it will have the effect to drain the
farms and plantations of proprietors along
the banks of the river. If that were the sole
object of the amendment, and it had no other
effect, I do not see how under the Constitution
I could vote an appropriation of money for
that purpose. I shall vote for the appropria-
tion for the same reason that has induced me
and will continue to induce me to vote for the
construction of a ship-canal around the falls of
Niagara; the same reason which has induced
me and others to make appropriations to im-
prove harbors upon the lakes and on the sea-
coast, and to vote for every other measure the
object of which is to protect commerce in the
United States.
I vote for it., in other words, under the com-
mercial power. The Mississippi river is one
of the great channels of commerce through the
United States. It bears upon its bosom the
wealth of the North and the South, the East
and West. It has been regarded and treated
by the Supreme Court of the United States as
being subject to tlie admiralty law far up from
its mouth into the interior of the country—a
principle which was long and most strenuously
resisted by the bar as well as the bench.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will permit me,
I will call the attention to tw% appropriations
that have been made to the Mississippi river,
one in 1850 on an appropriation bill, on the
omnibus bill, "for the topographical and hy-
drographical survey of the delta of the Missis-
sippi, with such investigations as may lead to
determine the most practicable plan for secur-
ing it from inundation."
Mr. HOWARD. That is a very strong pre-
cedent.
Mr. CLARK. And then in 1852, $50,000
more for the same purpose.
Mr. HOWARD. It is a great channel of
commerce. Have wc not a right to protect it
-as such? Have we not a right to dredge it out
for the purpose of facilitating trade and navi-
gation upon its bosom? I think no gentleman
will deny it; and if we have a right to dredge
it have we not, upon the same principle, a right
to establish embankments upon it for the pur-
pose of keeping the waters within their proper
channels? These levees, I understand, were
erected there mainly for that purpose origi-
nally.
The Senator from Illinois says the object of
this amendment is to protect the lands. The
amendment does not so declare. If I have
read it correctly, it says not one word about
protecting the lands. The whole purpose of
the appropriation is to repair the levees which
have been erected there for the purpose I have
mentioned, and they are just as necessary for the
purpose of commerce and navigation as would
be the dredgingof the same stream, the removal
of snags and sawyers from its channel, or doing
any other act the object of which was to pro-
mote commerce and give it additional facilities
upon that great Father of Waters.
I vote for this measure, not because I wish
particularly to do a favor to planters and other
proprietors on the banks of thatriverwhohave
been or still are disloyal. I do not think I
shall be accused of any very hot haste in ex-
tending favors to that class of persons; but
still, even in regard to them, I shall always be
disposed to do them justice, exact justice. I
think, en passant, that justice has not yet been
done to many of them. Her march is very
slow, but I trust in God that she will yet over-
take them.
I vote for this as a great national improve-
ment. It may incidentally inure to the benefit
of proprietors upon the banks of the river. If
it does, I should be entirely content with it.
But the great object is to afford facilities for
commerce and navigation upon that stream, an
object in which not only the States mentioned
in the amendment are particularly interested,
but in which Illinois, Ohio, Wisconsin, Iowa,
Michigan, all the States of the Union, have an
interest as part and parcel of this great nation;
and 1 will not limit or confine my views to the
small benefit which it may possibly confer upon
the few persons who are immediately interested
as planters and owners of farms upon thisgreat
river. Fvote for it as a national object, as a
national undertaking worthy of Congress, and
I hope Jo see the amendment passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. According to the Sen-
ator from Michigan this appropriation is neces-
sary to improve the great Mississipi river. I
wonder if it-is on the great Mississippi river
that the Senator from Missouri is going to
raise the cotton from which he is going to get
eleven millions in taxes. How do these argu-
ments hang together? The Senator from Mich-
igan supports the measure in order to improve
the navigation of the river. If you have a
right to dredge it out, he says you have a right
to embank it and to protect it; it is a great mat-
ter like canaling around the falls of Niagara;
and he supports it on commercial grounds.
The Senator from Missouri supports it because
he is going to raise products from which he
will in taxes derive $11,000,000 next year. I
suppose that the cotton and sugar that shall
grow there on the waters of the Mississippi
river would produce a vast crop if a revenue
to be derived from which is to amount to
$11,000,000. The Senator from Missouri has
detained the Senate some time with the fig-
ures. Now, there has been disclosed to us by
the Senator from Missouri one of the finest
operations that I think has ever been discov-
ered in any country. There is nothing like it
in the gold regions of Nevada arid California,
or in the oil country. No investment that I
ever heard of would be equal to the invest-
ment of a $1,500,000, according to the high
authority of the Senator from Missouri, in
building an embankment on the Mississippi
river. _ He says that the additional product
that will be raised in that country next year,
in a single year, would be so great that the
-Government, which does not take a tenth of
the value, will receive eleven millions. I be-
lieve the tax on cotton is only three cents a
pound, which is not more than one tenth of its
