138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
•January 8,
whereas the unnecessary delay, expense, and danger
attending the transportation of said precious metals
a great distance for the purpose of coinage would
bo entirely removed by the construction of a United
. States branch mint in the immediate vicinity of this
great mineral center, would tend to a rapid and fall
development of the mineral resources, and be of incal-
culable advantage and benefit to the inhabitants of
that section of our country as well as a source of reve-
nue to the Government: Therefore,
Be it resolved, That the Committee on Mines and
Mining be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of ehangingth© location of the United States branch
mint f«>ra the Dalles, in the State of Oregon, to Boise
City, in the Territory of Idaho; and that they report
by bill or otherwise.
redemption of eractional currency.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution providing for the
redemption of mutilated, defaced, and worn-
out fractional currency in the general collec-
tion districts of the country ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency.
public lands in. southern states.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce the following resolution: *
Whereas there are of the public domain still undis-
posed of, in the State of Alabama about six million
seven hundred thousand acres; in tho State of Mis-
sissippi four million seven hundred thousand acres;
in the State of Louisiana six million two hundred
thousand acres; in the State of Arkansas nine mil-
lion three hundred thousand acres; and in the State
of Florida about twenty million acres, making in the
said five States a total of about forty-six million nine
hundred thousand acres; and whereas tho true inter-
ests of tho said States, and the people thereof, as well
as of the nation at large, will be best promoted by the
appropriation of said lands to the exclusive use of
actual settlers and cultivators thereon: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be,
and they hereby are, instructed to inquiro into the
expediency of providing by law that all the public
lands in the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Arkansas, and Florida shall be disposed of under
the pi o visions of the homestead act, so called, ajud not
otherwise; and also as to the propriety of limiting
homesteads in said States to eighty acres or less; and
that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I object.
* REDUCTION OF RAILROAD RATES, ETC.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be
instructed to inquiro and report, by bill or otherwise,
whether the unreasonable and oppressively high rates
now exacted for transportation of passengers and
freights by railroad and other transportation agents,
may not bfc reduced and removed by so graduating a
tax upon fares and rates that low and reasonable
rates shall be encouraged and high rates suppressed;
and whether, by this or other means, relief may not
be promptly afforded to tho suffering farmers and
others whose crops are more than one half consumed,
and the profits of agriculture entirely swallowed, by
a combination among transportation companies to
cxact exorbitant charges for transportation, <fcc.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object.
claims against united states for damages.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
requested to inquire into tho expediency of reporting
an act conferring on the Government of the UnHcd
States the benefit of a statute of limitations providing
that after the lapse of six j eais from tho time the in-
jury was sustained no suit shall be brought before
tho Court of Claims, nor any claim be entertained by
Congress, tor any damages, or for compensation for or
on account of tho same. '
capture oe john morgan.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Committee on ^Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire what further legislation, if
any, is necessary to authorize the payment of claims
for horses and other property impressed by the mili-
tary authorities of the United States, for use by them
in the pursuit and capture of John Morgan and bis
band of insurgents, during their raid through the
States of Indianaand Ohio, in Jul>, L5G3; with leave
to report by bill or otherwise.
trtal oe jefferson davis.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution :
Resolved, As the deliberate judgment of this House,
that the speedy trial of J effcrson Lavis for tho crime
of treason, and his prompt execution when found
guilty, are imperatively demanded by tho people
of tho Lnited Stutes in order that treason may bo
adequately branded by thenation, traitors made in-
lamous, and the repetition of their crime, as far as
possible, be prevented.
Mr. ROGERS. I object.
SURRENDER OJ? THE SHENANDOAH.
Mr. "WILLIAMS, byunanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to inform this House, if not incompati-
ble with the public interest, what order, if any, he
has taken in relation to the reported surrender by tho
British Government of the Anglo-rebel pirate vessel
called the Shenandoah, fitted out in its own harbors,
with its own capital and its own crews, and alleged to
have been sailing under its own flag, to prey upon
American commerce: and further, to communicate
any correspondence that may have taken place be-
tween the two Governments, or with the diplomatic
or consular agents of this nation, in relation thereto.
COLORED SCHOOLS IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. ROLLINS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas in the District of Columbia rents are ex-
cessively high, and tho means of educating the chil-
dren of colored citizens are extremely limited: There-
fore,
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be instructed to inquire into tho expedi-
ency of causing to be imposed a special tax of twenty
per cent, upon all rentals of buildings which exceed
$600 amnually, the fund so raised to be applied under
the supervision of a board of commissioners, inde-
pendent of tho existing local District authorities, for
tho support of common schools for the education of
the children of the colored citizens of the District;
said committee to report by bill or otherwise at the
earliest possible moment.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to j and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
tlie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER stated that a motion to sus-
pend the rules was now pending, made before
the holidays by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Ward] for the introduction of a resolu-
tion relative to polygamy.
report oe general carl sohurz.
Mr. CULLOM submitted the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That fifty thousand copies of the report of
General Carl Schurz on the condition of the late re-
bellious States be printed for tho use of the members
of this House.
Mr. ANCONA. I should like to amend that
by including the report of Lieut. General Grant.
Mr. CULLOM. I understand the House has
already taken action on that subject.
Mr. ANCONA. We have taken no action
except to call for them.
Mr. CULLOM. I accept the amendment.
Mi-. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman also
to provide for the printing of the accompany-
ing documents.
Mr. CULLOM. l^ilsoacceptthatamendment.
The resolution as amended was referred, un-
der the law, to the Committee on Printing.
# indian tribes.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I ask the unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
"Whereas the time has arrived when the interests of
the country, and the protection ot the lives and prop-
erty of many of our people, demand tho removal of
the various Indian tribes from tho rich mineral lands
of our northwestern Territories, and their permanent
location in a section of country where they can re-
main unmolested, and subsist upon the game of tho
prairies; and whereas it is of tho greatest impor-
tance to both our white population and the Indians
that such location for their future abode be as remote
as possible from the mining districts and great public
thoroughfares of the Northwest, and at the same time
in a section of country that is adapted to agriculture,
and affords the greatest natural resources for the sup-
port of an Indian population, and where ample pro-
tection to the Indians and white population of our
frontiers can be afforded by tho Government:
Resolved, That the^Committee on Indian Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of providing
by treaty for the early removal of all the Sioux tribes
(except the Ynnktons) together with the Gros Ventres,
Mandans, Aricarces, Assiniboines, and Crows from tho
mineral lands ofthenorthwestcrn Territories and for
their location upon that part of Dakota and Montana
Territories lying within thefollowingdcscribed bound-
aries, namely: beginning on the line which sepa-
rates the United States from the British possessions
on the ninety-eighth degree of west longitude, thence
south to the forty-fifth parallel of north latitude,
thence east to the Medicine Knob river, thence
down said river to tho Missouri river, thence up the
left bank of the Missouri river to Plum island, thence
west to the western boundary line of Dakota Terri-
tory to the point where it is intersected by the south
line of Montana Territory, thence west along tho
south lino of Montana Territory to Powder river,
thcncc down Powder river to the Yellowstone river,
thence down the Yellowstone river to tho Missouri
river, thence up the left bank of the Missouri river to
the one hundred and sixth degree of west longitude,
thence north to the line of the British possessions,
thence cast to the place of beginning; and for the
purpose of making said treaty the sum of $150,U00 be
appropriated; and until such a treaty is made and
ratified, and the said Indians shall be removed and
located upon tho above-described-territory, no more
moneys shall be paid to them or expended for their
benefit by the United States, other than to redeem
the pledges (if any were made) by the commissioners
sent to treat with said Indians in 1805.
Mr. KELLEY. I object to the gentleman's
preamble. It makes allegations to which I do
not agree. If lie will abandon the preamble I
will not object to a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I will modify my reso-
lution so as to omit the preamble.
The resolution as modified was adopted.
ereedmen's bureau.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Printing, reported the following resolution :
Resolved, That one thousand extra copics of tho
report of Major General Howard, Commissioner of
the Bureau of Freedmen, Refugees, and Abandoned
Lands, be printed for the use oi the bureau and dis-
tributed among its agents.
The resolution was adopted.
harbors, etc.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting,
in compliance with a-resolution of the House, a
report on the present condition of the harbors
of the United States, where public works have
been built, &e.,' which was ordered to be jointed,
and referred to the.Committee on Commerce.
ereedmen's bureau.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
report of the Commissioner of the Freedmen's
Bureau, in answer to a resolution of the House
relative to enemy's property taken bythe Gov-
ernment, &c.; which, on motion of Mr. Stevens,
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
polygamy.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be on the motion to suspend the rules
made by Mr. Ward for the introduction of the
following resolution:
Whereas certain inhabitants of the Territory of
Utah,in violation of the laws of the United States,
have been and still are sustaining the abominable
system of polygamy, and the numbers who practice it
and the ciime and abomination consequent thereon
are largely on tho increase; and whereas lor reasons
not understood the law against polygamy has not
been enforced, and in the judgment of this House
this great and remaining barbarism of our age and
country should be swept Cliko the twin system of sla-
very) from tho Territories of the liepublic, and that
means adequate to that end should be adopted:
Therefore.
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be in-
structed to inquire and ascertain what means, civil
or military, may lawfully be resorted to to effectually
eradicate this evil from the land, and what legisla-
tion is needed, if any, to effect that object, and what
reasons exist why the laws against pol> gsimy ha\ e not
been executed; and also to •ascertain whether the
United States officials in said Territory are seeking
to enforce the laws, and to inquire into their conduct
generally so far as relates to the discharge of their
public duties in relation to this system, and that said
committee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
The rules were suspended, and the resolution
was adopted.
reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the*state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, in the chair,) and proceeded to con-
sider the President's message, on which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. If there be no objection, I
will yield the floor to the gentleman from West
Virginia, [Mr. Latiiam,] who desires to pro-
ceed to-day.
There was no objection.
