3122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
Mr. DAVIS. Before the question is taken
on seconding the previous question, is it in
order to move to postpone the further con-
sideration of this subject?
The SPEAKER. _ It is not, pending the
demand for the previous question.
The question was put on seconding the
demand for the previous question; and there
were—ayes 42, noes 41; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cobb and
Phelps were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 45, noes 57.
So the House refused to second the demand
for the previous qnestion.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I will preface the mo-
tion I am about to make by declaring that the
Committee for the District of Columbia have
this whole subject before them in another
shape, and that it is only necessary for them
to wait until a board'of scientific officers shall
have made a thorough examination of this
canal, and shall have reported to Congress the
best mode for its improvement, so as to give
the Government of the United States no further
trouble on the subject. As the subject is there-
fore now before the committee 1 see no neces-
sity for recommitting this particular bill to that
committee. I therefore move that this bill be
indefinitely postponed, and upon that motion I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question1 ordered.
Mr. COBB. I call for the yeas and nays on
the motion to indefinitely postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—•
yeas 02, nays 02, not voting 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Amos, Alteon a, Baker, Her-
eon, JSulwell.lJoycr, lSromweil,(Joll'rotl>. Cooli, Davis,
I>a\vson,Doi'roey, Denton, Varriuhnr, Vinck,
brenner. (irulcr, Uriswold, Halo, Aaron iI;inlin;r,
Abner C. Hurtling, lloKiin, Asmhol W. lJubbanl,
Chester 1). Hubbard, Kfhvin N. ltubbell, .James M.
Humphrey, .ioneke<J, Johnson, Kerr, Kitykoixlall,
Latham, bo Bloml, Marshall, MoCulloufth, MeKec,
Moulton, Niblack, Orth, Phelps, Price, Samuel J.
itamlall, William II. Randall, ltaymoml, Alexander
II. Rieo, John II. ltice, Kilter, Honors, Seolield. Sit-
croavos, Slrouse, Tabor, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
Thornton, Tiimblo, Van Aernain, Ward, Homy 1>.
Washburn. Whaloy, Winfield, n.nd Wright—l>2.
NA ViS—Messrs. Alli-ou, Dolos K. Ashley, Banks,
Barker, Uaxler, Hoatttftn, liin^hani.Boulivoll, ISuek-
lund, Bundy, ltoailer W, Clarke, Cobb, Bailing,
Dawes, Donnelly, Driffjrs, Eeklev, Ktr^leston, Kliot,
KaniMvorth, Kerry, (lartielcl, (Jrinnell, Hart., ilayes,
HcthIcimhi, Holmes, John U. llubbard, .fames It.
11 ubbell. Kclley, Kelso, Jaiflin, William Lnwroni'o,
liOau, 1/ouK.vear, Byneh, Marvin, JVIi'CIiuk, Moltiier,
Merour, Miller, Mums, Myers, O'Neill, l'aiuo, Per-
il am, Pike, Pomeroy, Sawyer, Stbeiu k, SbollabaifliT,
Sloan. Spaldinsr, Trowbridge. Upson, William II.
Washbuin, Wolkor, Williams, James K. Wilson,
Stephen K. Wilson, AVinilom, and Woodbridut—ti'J.
NOT VOTINIl—Messrs. Anderson. Jame.sM. Ash-
ley, Baldwin, lien.iamin, Blaine, lilow, ISrandeiioe,
Broumall, Clniuler, Sidney Clarko, Colliding. Culloin,
Culver, Delano, Dinning:, Dixon, Dodyo, liuiuoiit,
KUlvidKO, tloodyear, Harris, Iligby, Hill, lloojier,
llotehkiss, Dcmas Hubbard, Ilulburd, James Hum-
phrey, ingeiMill, Jones, Julian, Kavon. Kotehaiti,
GeorKO V. Lawrence, Marston, Moludoo, Moorboad,
Morrill. JJowoll,Nicholson, Nocll, Patterson, Plants,
Radl'orit. ltollins, Itoss. Housseau, Shankltn, Smith,
Starr, Stevens, Stilwoll, Taylor, John L. Thomas,
Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu
B. Wushburne, and Wentworth—59.
The SPEAKER. The vote by yeas and nays
being a tie, the Chair voles in the negative.
So the motion to postpone the bill indefi-
nitely was not agreed to.
Mr. 1IAKT. I move to recommit the bill
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes GO, noes 34.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. COBB called for tellers on the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Before the question on ordering tellers was
taken,
Mr. COBB said: I would inquire of the
Chair, what will be the effect if the motion to
lay. the motion to reconsider on the table
should be agreed to?
The SPEAKER. The effect will be to leave
the bill with the committee to which it has
been recommitted.
Mr. COBB. Suppose the motion to recon-
sider is not laid on the table ; what will be the
effect of that?
The SPEAKER. The question would then
recur upon the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted. And if
that vote should be reconsidered the bill would
fhen be before the House.
The question was taken upon ordering tellers,
and they were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was accordingly
laid on the table.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has now
commenced. The first business in order is the
call of committees for reports, commencing
with the select committee on civil service of the
United States.
Mr. JENCKES. As chairman of that com-
mittee, I have a matter to bring before the
House for its consideration. But I do not wish
to do so till to-morrow; and therefore I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the call of committees is progressing very
slowly, indeed ; and if there is no morning
hour occupied to-day, there will be one less
committee reached before Congress shall ad-
journ.
Mr. JENCKES. The business 1 intend to
bring before the House upon this call of com-
mittees will not take any great length of time,
and I prefer to bring it forward to-morrow
morning rather than at this late hour of to-day.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn, and on a division there were—ayes
48, noes 4<\
Before ttic result of the vole was announced,
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, called for
tellers on the motion to adjourn.
Tellers wore not ordered.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask, Mr. Speaker,
whether we cannot, by unanimous consent.,
proceed with other business, the gentleman
from Rhode Island [Mr. Jenckkr] retaining
his right to the floor.
The SPEAK BR. That can be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to any arrangement of that sort.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Rhode Island to yield to me for a moment that
I may present a report from a committee of
con foronce.
Mi. JENCKES. I yield for that purpose.
APPOINTMENTS TO MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. SCI1ENCK. I present the following
report from the committee of conference on the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 134) relative to
appointments to the Military Academy of the
United States:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the joint resolution (II.
11. No. i;u) relative to appointments to the Military
Aendomy of the United States, having met, after lull
and free conference have agreed to rccommcnd, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House agree to the amendment of the
Senate with the following amendments thereto:
In line three of the Senate amendment, after the
woid " after," insert thewords "those who enter."
In line eleven, after the word " prescribe," Ftrike out
all thcremainder to the end of the Senate amendment
and insert the following:
And in like manner the President of the United
Statcsshall be authorized hereafter to nominatefifly
at large each year, instead of ten as now provided
bylaw, who shall be examined undcrlike regulations,
find of whom the ten who may bo reported as most
meritorious and best qualified shall bo appointed:
Provided, however, That not more than two of these
shall bo appointed in any year from one State.
And that the Senate agree to the same.
HENRY WILSON,
H. B. ANTIIONY.
T. A. HENDRICKS,
Managers on thejwt of the Senate.
ROBERT C. SCHENCIv,
H. E. PAINE,
Managers on thepart of thellouse.
The report of the committee of confcrcncc
fi was agreed to.
adjournment.
Mr. JENCKES. I move that the House
adjourn.
On agreeing to the motion there were—ayes
36, noes 51; no quorum voting.
Mr. JENCKES. I withdraw the motion.
I desire to say that I do not wish to occupy
more than a few minutes with the report of
this committee; and I prefer to present it in
the morning rather than now. If there is any
business which other gentlemen desire now to
bring forward, I am willing to yield a great
part of the time which the rule concedes to
me.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to any arrangement of that sort. I insist on
the regular order.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania does not, perhaps, understand my
proposition. The rules of the House allow me,
when reporting a bill, a fixed period of time,
of which I wish to occupy but a portion. I
am willing to yield to any member for other
business, reserving simply twenty minutes of
the time which the rules allow me.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Rhode Island yield for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. JENCKES. I will.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. On that
motion I demand tellers. I know that there is
not a quorum present, and I think that we ought
to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Randall,
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Wisdom, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 65, noes 24.
So the motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
the House (at four o'clock and ten minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
.ihe rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. DENiSON: The petition of C. Sherwood,
and 15S others, citizens of Luzerne and Wyoming
counties, Pennsylvania, asking for a mail route from
Old Forge, in Luzerne county, to Factoryville, in
"Wyoming eountv.
By Mr. ELIOT: The petition of Thomas M. James,
George iiudhind, jr., and others, citizens of New Red-
ford, Massachusetts, praying for a law regulating
inter-State insurance companies.
By Mr. ROUSSEAU: A communication from T. N.
Ilornsly on the subject of artillery and projectiles.
Also, a letter from the adjutant general of Ken-
tucky, concerning the remuneration of officers who
acted as brigadier generals upon colonels' pay; sind
the payment of bounties to soldiers who enlisted at
the beginning of the war.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jane 13, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Chantauqua county and a petition of
citizens of Brie county. New York, praying
for the repeal or modification of the act im-
posing a tax of ten per cent, on any bank that
shall pay out on or after the 1st of July next
the notes of any State bank or banks ; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARRIS presented, two petitions of
citizens of Chenango county, New York, pray-
ing for the repeal or modification of the act
imposing a tax of ten per cent, on any bank
that shall pay out on or after the 1st of July
next the notes of any State bank or banks;
which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented the petition of John J.
Bogardus, representing that his two sons, upon
whom he relied exclusively for his support,
being an old and feeble man, were both killed
in the service of the country, and praying for
a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
.Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of
