1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3123
the General Assembly of Florida, in reference
to the dircct tax levied upon the State, an<J|
praying that they may be granted the same
privileges in relation thereto as have been
granted to the States which remained loyal to
the Union; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
reports of committees.
Mr. COWAN, from the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Thaddeus Hyatt, pray-
ing for an extension of his patent for improve-
ments in vault covers, reported a bill (S. No.
3G7) to extend the time of letters-patent issued
to Thaddeus Hyatt: which was read and passed
t,o a second reading.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (EL. R. No. 587) to incorporate the Sol-
diers' and Sailors' Union of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was recom-
mitted a bill (S. No. 289) to provide for the
probate of and for the recording of wills of
real estate situated in the District of Colum-
bia, and for other purposes, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. POLAND. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
270) securing to non-resident litigants the ben-
efit of the jurisdiction of the United States
courts in the States lately in rebellion in cer-
tain cases, have directed me to report that in
their judgment, the bill ought not to pass. I
move that it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND also, from the same com-
mittee, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
20.">) fixing the salaries of the district judges
of the United States, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on the
Library, to whom was referred the memorial
of John R. Bart.lett, submitting to Congress a
work entitled " The Literature of tlie Rebel-
lion," asked that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution for the purchase of
blank copies of Hickey's edition of the Con-
stitution, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the subject; which was
agreed to.
Mr. LANE of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Samuel Redfield, a soldier in tlie war
of 1812, praying that the soldiers of that war
may bo included in the provisions of the bill
for the equalization of bounties, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration and
that it be referred to the Comntittee on Military
Affairs and the Militia; which was agreed to.
patent office report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
the Report of the Commissioner of Patents,
for 1800, when presented, have instructed me
to report it back without amendment, and
recommend its passage, and also to ask for its
present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution, which is as follows:
Resolved, That tho Report of tho Commissioner of
Patents for 1806, when prepared, be printed,.and that
four thousand extra copies be printed for the use of
the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the reduced num-
ber that has been printed heretofore. It was
formerly ten thousand, but the report of the
two preceding years having been reduced to
four thousand, a corresponding reduction is
made for this year. The report is not yet
printed, but the object in passing the resolu-
lution is, that as the drawings are made in the
Patent Office, they may be put at once into the
^ands of the engravers, so that when the re-
port is presented the entire engraving may be
done, and the work thus expedited nearly a
year. There is no additional cost.
The resolution was adopted.
austrian troops for mexico.
On the motion of Mr. DOO LITTLE, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted by him yesterday:
Resolved, That tho President of the United States
bo requested to eommunieato to tho Senate, if not
incompatible with the public interest, any informa-
tion in tho possession of tho executive government
in regard to the departure of troops fi om Austria for i
Mexico.
_ Mr. DOOLITTLE. This resolution, I be-
lieve, at all events I hope, will bring infor-
mation most satisfactory to the people and
Government, of the United States. In con-
nection with it I will say that I have received
assurances which I cannot doubt of tho truth
of an anonymous letter which appeared not
long since in relation to what is transpiring in
the republic of Mexico, very satisfactory in
its nature, showing that in reality the French
are preparing to leave the republic of Mexico
with their troops.
The resolution was agreed to.
kansas and neosho valley railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to postpone all
prior orders, and take up for consideration
Senate bill No. 285, which was laid aside tho
other day at the suggestion of the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, lie is now
satisfied that tho bill ought, to pass. I think it
can bo readily disposed of without consuming
much time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. is'o. 235) granting
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of the Kansas and Neosho valley
railroad and its extension to Red river, the
pending question being upon the amendment
reported by the Committee on Public Lands
to the eleventh section of the bill, which was
to strike out the words "may connect with the
Kansas and Neosho valley railroad at any point
on the line of said road," and insert other
words; so as to make.the section read:
Sec. 11. And be itfurtherenaeted, That, any railroad
company chartered under any law ol'tlie United States,
or of any State which may have been heretofore or
shall hereafter lie lccoanized and subsidized by any
act of the Congr^ssot tlie United States, may connect,
unite, and consolidate with this railroad company,
utter tlie same shall be located lo the valley of the
Neosho I'ivcr, upon just, fair, and equitable terms, to
bo agreed uponbetween the parties, and shall notbe
against tho public interest or the interest of tho Uni-
ted Statesnor shall any road autlioiized to connect
as aforesaid charge tho road so connecting a greater
tariff per mile for freight or passengers than is charged
for the same per mile by its own road : And provided
further. That should the Leavenworth, Lawrence, and
Fort Gibson Railroad Company, or tho Union Pacific
Railroad Company, southern branch, construct and
complete its road to that point on the south em bound-
ary of the State of Kansas where the line of said
Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad shall cross the
same, before the said Kansas and Neosho Valley Rail-
road Company shall havo constructed and completed
its said road to said point, then and in that event the
company so first reaching in completion tho said point
on the southern boundaiy of the State of Kansas shall
be authorized, upon obtaining tho written approval
of the President of thoUnited States, to constructand
operate its line ot railroad from said point to a point
at or near Preston, in the State of Texas, with grants
of land according to the provisions of this bill, but
upon the further special condition, nevertheless, that
said railroadcompanyshall have commenced in good
faith the construction thereof before tho said Kansas
and Neosho Valley Railroad Company shall have
completed its said railroad to said point: And pro-
vided farther, That said other railroad company, so
ha ving commenced said work in good faith, shall con-
tinue to prosecute the same with sufficient energy to
insure tho completion or the same within a reason able
time, subject to the approval of tho President of the j
United States: And provided further, That the right i
of way, when not otherwise granted in this bill, shall
be obtained by said Kansas and Neosho Valley Rail-
road Company or either of the other com panics named
in this act, in accordance with the provisions of sec-
tion three of an a.ct to amend an act entitled "An act
to aid in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific oecnn, and
to secure to the Government the use ol tlie same tor
postal, military, and other purposes," ai.proved July
1,1862.
Mr. POMEROY. At the suggestion of the
Senatorfrom Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] I desire
to move a slight amendment to the amendment.
In the thirty-ninth line after the word " bill"
I move to insert the words "and not provided
for by law." and also to strike out that word
" bill" and insert the word ''act." Theamend-
ment that I propose is to the proviso referring to
the right of way; and as amended the section
will provide that they shall getthe right of way
under the provisions of the Pacific railroad
act, when not otherwise provided for by law.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. At the suggestion of the
same Senator, I desire to strike out in the third
line of this eleventh section the words ''any
State" and to insert the words " State of Kan-
sas," so as to make it definite and distinct.
ThafVill confine it simply to roads in our own
State. It was thought, as it stood, it would leave
it open to allow the roads from other States to
run in there.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not expect to
occupy the attention of the Senate further upon
this bill, and perhaps would not except for the
remarks of the Senator from Kansas the other
day. He felt himself justified in saying that I
had not stated correctly to the Senate tho
amount of lands that the State of Kansas has
already enjoyed, and he read from the Report
of the Commissioner of tho General Land Of-
fice. on page 108, m which there is a statement
of the amount of lands that have been granted
to the State direetlv.
Mr. POMEROY. An estimate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. An estimate of the
amount of lands gianted to the States directly ;
and this estimate shows that two million five
hundred thousand acres have been granted to
(lie State of Kansas. I stated that the other
day ; but the Senator did not inform the Senato
that on page 107 it appears that there was
granted to tho State of Kansas in 18G3 two
million five hundred thousand acres, and also
to corporations "for the Union Pacific railroad
with a branch from Omaha, in Nebraska, from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, thirty-
five million acres."
Mr. POMEROY. Omaha is in Nebraska,
not Kansas.
Mr. 1IENDRICLCS. These are branches:
and also "to the Northern Pacific road to the
eastern boundary of the State of California,
forty-seven million acres." No portion of
that,, as I understand, is in the Slate of Kan-
sas ; but if the Senator wishes the Senate to
understand 
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me to correct him, not one foot of the line
from Omaha is in Kansas.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the Senator stats
to the Senate that there is no portion of the
Pacific railroad in the State of Kansas, and
that there is no portion of this grant of thirty-
five million acres in Kansas?
Mr. POMEROY. I said distinctly, the other
day, that of the road from Omaha, the main
line, there was not one foot in Kansas. There
are two branches, one called the extension of
tho Hannibal and St. Jo road, and the other
the Pacific railroad, eastern division, which
are in Kansas, and, as I estimated the other
day, about three hundred miles of those two
branches are in Kansas.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The grant to the Pacific
railroad is estimated by the Commissioner at
thirty-five million acres, as found on page 1G7.
It, runs tin; entire distance of the State almost
—about three hundred miles, I think the Sen-
ator says.
Mr. POMEROY. Both branches.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Can any Senator say
how much land has been granted in the State
of Kansas for the construction of the. Pacific
railroad within that State? The Senator him-
self cannot state it, because the Commissioner
of the General Land Oiiice has not communi-
cated the fact.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me, I will say that the Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, eastern division, have built one hundred
miles of their road, over and in my State already,
