1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2163
gave a broader meaning to my remarks than
they would bear. I did not say that Congress
had no power to prevent the spread of this dis-
ease. I said that it had no power to pass such
a law tfs was recently passed in England, the
Only one which seemed to be effective for the
purpose; that is, Congress has no power to
direct the officers of the United States to go
into particular districts or States of the United
States, and there seize all the cattle of private
citizens within a given State or district and
destroy them. I doubt very much whether
such a power exists in Congress. It is a power
that ought to be exercised by the States. Con-
gress may, however, by commercial regula-
tions, do all it can to prevent the coming of
this disease into the country, and it has already
done so. A bill reported by me some time ago
was passed, and under that bill the Secretary
of the Treasury has excluded all cattle, hides,
and everything that can communicate this dis-
ease from infected districts. If the Senator
can suggest any other remedy or any other
measure I should like very much to have the
benefit of it. The Committee on Agriculture
have not concluded themselves by their con-
sideration of the subject from acting on any
measure or reporting any measure that may
seem to be necessary; but we do think that
under our system of government the whole-
sale destruction of cattle in particular States
and communities will not be justified by any
power conferred by the Constitution on Con-
gress. That is the only conclusion at which
we have arrived, and I think upon that there
is no doubt. If the Senator can find any power
in the Government of the United States thus
to destroy the property of private citizens within
the States according to the system adopted by
the British Parliament, which is supreme within
the jurisdiction of Great Britain, 1 should like
to know where he finds it.
The resolution was adopted.
MRS. W. L. HEBNDON.
Mr. COWAN. The Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 193) for the relief of Mrs.
William L. Herndon, have had itunder consid-
eration, and have instructed me to report favor-
ably upon it, and recommend its passage; and
if there be no objection, I ask that it be put
upon its passage now.
The PRESIDENT^m-o tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill on the
day it is reported. Is there any objection?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
if it is a bill calculated to take any time.
Mr. COWAN. No, I think not; it simply
proposes to confer on her the copyright of a
book formerly published by public authority—
Herndon's Expedition. I do not think there
can possibly be any objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know anything
about this bill, but I know that we passed a
similar bill a year or two ago, and afterward
great objection was made to it.
Mr. CLARK. The fact is as stated by the
Senator from Illinois, that two or three years
ago we passed a bill of this kind, and got into
considerable difficulty about it, and the Com-
mittee on Claims has been troubled with a
Petition from gentlemen claiming the right for
believe every succeeding session, and there
seems to be some doubt about the relief. I
do not know anything about this case; and if
Senators do know that it is entirely free from
doubt, perhaps there will be no objectioli to it,
but I think it had better lie over and be printed)
so that it may meet the attention of some one.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 think if an explanation
of it is made, it will satisfy the Senator now.
Mr. CLARK. The difficulty is, that if we
consider it now nobody will see it; but if we-
have it printed some Senator may see what the
character of the bill is, or some person out-
side may get information on the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it go over until
to-morrow.
Mr. CLARK. I think myself it had better
go over and be printed.
Mr. COWAN. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill lies over.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 285) granting lands to the State of Kansas
to aid in the construction of the Kansas and
Neosho Valley railroad and its extension to
Red river; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.'
RAILROAD BRIDGES ACROSS THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 236.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 230) to authorize and
establish certain post roads.
The bill, as intioduced by Mr. Trumbull,
proposes to make it lawful for any person or
persons, company or corporation, having au-
thority from the State of Illinois for such pur-
pose, to build a bridge across the Mississippi
river at Quincy, Illinois, and to lay on and
over the bridge railway tracks, for the more
perfect connection of any railroads that are or
shall be constructed to the river at or opposite
that point. When constructed, all trains of
all roads terminating at the river at or opposite
that point are to be allowed to cross the bridge
for reasonable compensation, to be made to
the owners of the bridge, under the limitations
and conditions provided. The bridge is to be
constructed as a draw-bridge, with a span over
the main channel of the river, as understood
at the time of the erection of the bridge, of not
less than three hundred feet in length ; and the
span is not to be less than thirty feet above the
low-water mark, and not less than ten feel
above the extreme high-water mark, measuring
to the bottom chord of the bridge; and one ot'
the next adjoining spans is not to be less than
two hundred feet in length ; and there is also
to be apivot draw constructed in the bridge, at
an accessible and navigable point, with spans
of not less than one hundred and fifty feet in
length on each side of the ccntral or pivot pier
of the draw. The draw is to be opened promptly
upon reasonable signal for the passage of boats,
whose construction shall not be such as to
admit of their passage under the permanent
spans of the bridge, except when trains are
passing; but in no case is unnecessary delay
to occur in opening the draws after the pas-
sage of trains. Any bridge constructed under
the act, and according to its limitations, is to
be a lawful structure, and be recognized and
known as a post route, upon which no higher
charge shall be made for the transmission over
the same of the mails, the troops, and the
munitions of war of the United States, than
the rate per mile paid for their transportation
over the railroads or public highways leading
to the bridge. The ferry authorized to be
established by the Illinois and Missouri Trans-
portation Company, by the laws of the States
of Illinois and Missouri, across the Mississippi
river at the city of Quincy, is, during the time
authorized by the laws of those States, and
until the completion of the bridge, under and
according to the provisions of the act, to be
recognized and known as a post route.
The Committee on Port Offices and Post
Roads proposed amendments to the bill, the
first of which was in section one, line four,
after the word "Illinois''' to insert "and Mis-
souri," and to make the word "State" read
" States;" so that the clause will read:
That it shall be lnwful for any person or persons,
company or corporation, having authority from the
States of Illinois and Missouri for such purpose, to
build a bridge across the Mississippi river at Quincy,
Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the com-
mittee was in section one, at the end of line
thirteen, to insert:
And in case of any litigation arising from any ob-
struction or alleged obsfcruetioa tft the free navigation
of said river, the causemay be tried before thedistrict
court of the United States of any State in which any
portion of said obstruction or bridge touches.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
section two the following words :
That any bridge built under the authority of this
act shall be constructed as a draw-bridge, with aspan
over the main channel of the river, as understood at
the time of the erection of the bridge, of not less than
three hundred feet in length; and said span shall not
be less than thirty feet above the low-water mark,
and not less than ton feet above the extreme high-
water mark, measuring to the bottom chord of the
bridge; and one of the next adjoining spans shall not
be less than two hundred feet in length; and, also,
that there shall be a pivot draw constructed in said
bridge, at an accessible and navigable point, with
spans of not less than ono hundred and fifty feet in
length on each side of the central or pivot pier of the
draw.
And in lieu thereof to insert—
That any bridge built under the provisions of this
act may, at the option of the company building the
same, be built as a draw-bridge, with a pivot or other
form of draw.orwith unbroken or continuous spans:
Provided, That if tho said bridge shall be made with
unbroken and continuous spans, it shall not be of less
elevation in any case than fifty feet above extreme
high-water mark as understood at the point of loca-
tion, to the bottom chord of the bridge, nor shall the
spans of said bridge be less than two hundred and
fifty feet in length, and the piers of said bridge shall
be parallel with the current of the river: And pro-
vided also. That if any bridge built under this act
shall be constructed as a draw-bridge, the same shall
be constructed as a pivot draw-bridge with adraw over
the main channel of the river at an accessible and
navigable point, and with spans of not less than one
hundred and seventy-five feet in length on each side
of the central or pivotpier of the draw, and the next
adjoining spans to tho draw shall not be less than
two hundred and fifty feet; and said spans shall not
be less than thirty feet above low-water mark, and
not less than ten above exteme high-water mark,
nearing to the bottom chord of the bridge, and tho
piers of said bridge shall bo parallel with the current
of the river.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to offer some
amendments to this bill. In the first section,
line six, after the word " Illinois," I desire to
insert "and at Hannibal, Missouri."
Mr. RAMSEY. I trust this will not be done.
Let each proposition of this kind stand on its
own merits. If the gentleman desires a bridge
at Hannibal, it might be well to introduce a
bill of that kind, refer it to some committee,
and have the facts investigated as they have
been in this case. Representations have been
beard on ono side and the other, and the com-
mittee strike at what they consider to be a safe
mean between the extremes asked by the rail-
road company and the navigation interests re-
spectively. This proposition of building bridges
across the Mississippi river is a very serious
one. I think in every instance the bill ought
to be referred to a committee. Forthat reason
I trust the gentleman will withdraw his amend-
ment at this time and introduce a bill, as has
been done in every other ease.
Mr. HENDERSON. I must express some
little astonishment at the objection the Senator
from Minnesota presents to the amendment I
have indicated. He insists that the subject of
building a bridge at Quincy, Illinois, has gone
before a committee, and that a proposition to
build a bridge across the Mississippi river at
Hannibal ought to go there, because tho build-
ing of bridges across the Mississippi is a very
serious thing under any circumstances. I think
if the bill under consideration is to be passed,
it is a very serious thing. I am not in favor
of the passage of the bill, and I did not expect it
to come up this morning. I have not all the
memoranda here that I desire to present. I
thought they were in my desk ; they are not all
here; and I shall be compelled to auk, event-
ually, a postponement of this bill until I can
get them.
Now, Mr. President, I agree with the Senator
from Minnesota that the proposition to build
bridges across the Mississippi river is a very seri-
ous proposition. The Senator is very well aware
of the fact that if these bridges are to be built
at all, as provided in this bill, bridges not with
continuous spans, but what are called draw-
bridges. they will very materially interfere with
the navigation of the Mississippi river, and I
must express some littl# astonishment at th®
