2164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
proposition on the part of the Senator who
seems to have reported this bill from the Post
Office Committee to build bridges of this char-
acter across the Mississippi river. If he be
■willing, as a representative of the interests con-
nected with that, great river, to build draw-
bridges over it, I am not. The Senate of the
United States may outvote me on the proposi-
tion, but I never will vote for the establishment
of a bridge across the Mississippi river which is
called a draw-bridge.
It has been recently demonstrated that there
is but little difficulty in building bridges with
sufficient spans to admit of the passage of
boats; and that being the case, if bridges can
be built on the Mississippi river sufficiently
elevated to admit the passage of steamers, even
with chimneys that can be let down as men-
tioned the other day, I am perfectly willing
that that character of bridges may be built;
but it is a matter of serious consideration,
indeed, whether draw-bridges shall be con-
structed across the Mississippi river. We know
perfectly well that they will interfere, and
materially interfere, with the navigation of that
great river, and I doubt whether we shall ever
bo compensated by railroad travel and railroad
transportation for the inconveniences arising
from draw-bridges.
The Senator says that this bill for a bridge
at Quiney has been before a committee. What
have the committee done? They have simply
reported the bill which was introduced and
referred to the committee for building a bridge
at Quiney. They have reported the bill back,
only changing the height and the span of the
bridge. But, sir, if a bridge is to be built at
Quiney—I live in that neighborhood; I live
only thirty miles from the town of Ilannibal
and only fifty miles from the town of Quiney;
I know that country perfectly well—let mo ask
the Senator why he presents an objection to
the building of a railroad bridge at Ilannibal.
What new light can the committee shod on it
that cannot now be given?
Mr. HA MS BY. l)oes the gentleman want
an answer now?
Mr. IIJOK DIORSON. The Senator can an-
swer mo directly. I am going to state some
facts with which lam perfectly conversant, but
with which, perhaps, the Senator is not. Tlio
Ilannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company
first constructed its roau from Ilannibal to the
town of St. Joseph, and that road is now being
continued across the State of Kansas in a direct
west line, and is to connect with the great lino
of road to the Pacific ocean.
After the construction of the road from Ilan-
nibal, the State of Missouri granted a charter
to construct a branch road from the town of
Palmyra, some fifteen miles from the town of
Hannibal, so as to go directly to Quiney. The
Legislature of Missouri might have prevented
this railroad connection, but we did not see lit
to do so. We permitted the Ilannibal and
St. Jo. Kailroad Company to connect with the
hoi thorn cross-road, which leads from Quiney
to Chicago. A road is now being constructed
across Pike county, Illinois, from Naples, on the
Illinois river, which connects with the Toledo
road—the Great Western road, as it is called—
from Fort Wayne directly on to Ilannibal. This
road will soon bo finished. Now, a bridge can
be constructed at the town of Hannibal just as
well as at the town of Quiney, and, let me say
to the Senator, much more easily. A bridge
can be constructed there with much greater
facility, because the river is not so wide at Han-
nibal as at Quiney, and there is a better steam-
boat channel, a more condensed and more com-
pact channel,.there than at Quiney. A great
line of railroad, leading from Pittsburg directly
to Hannibal, will soon be in operation ; indeed,
it is to the town of Naples, within a few miles
of Hannibal. Again, l ask the Senator, why,
if a bridge is to be constructed at Quiney, shall
not one be constructed at Hannibal also ?
If you look at (lie travel and transportation
of the country, if you look at anything beyond
the more interests of the town of Quiney alone,
I can see no reason whatever why you should
not also allow a bridge to be constructed at
Hannibal. I do not know whether it will ben-
efit the town of Hannibal; I care not whether
it does or not. I do not know whether the
construction of this bridge will be of any sub-
stantial benefit to the town of Quiney. My
impression is, that the construction of railroad
bridges, such as are contemplated in this bill,
upon the Mississippi river will do all the towns
more damage than good. However, if the Sen-
ator desires to pass bills of this character, I
shall not put myself in the way.
The Senator is very well aware that there is
no break in steamboat lines between the town
of Quiney and St. Louis. We have no line of
packets running directly to Hannibal and back;
we have none running directly to Quiney and
back; but- the lines of packets running from
St. Louis continue their trips to the town of
Keokuk, and thereis no obstruction in the way.
The navigation of the Mississippi above the
town of Hannibal is just as good as it is be-
tween Hannibal and St. Louis, and indeed
better. Therefore we do not need any different
sized packets to navigate the Mississippi river
between those points; and why is it that it will
be an injury to construct a bridge at the one
point and not at the other? The same lines
of boats that pass under the bridge at the one
point will be required to pass under it at the
other.
But, Mr. President, a short time ago we pro-
vided for the construction of a railroad bridge
at St. Louis. What sort of a bridge did we
provide for constructing there? Was it such a
bridge as the Senator now proposes? Certainly
not. The bill which the Senate passed a short
time ago at the instance of my colleague [Mr.
Brown] required_ that the lowest part of the
bridge at St. Louis should bo fifty feet above
high-water mark at its greatest span ; that the
bridge itself should have a continuous or un-
broken span ; that it should have one span at
least six hundred feet in the clear, or two spans
of four hundred and fifty feet in the clear of
abutments. If the two latter spans be used,
the one over the main steamboat channel must
be fifty feet above high-water mark, measured
to the lowest part of the bridge at the center
of the span. Now, let us see what sort of a
bridge is proposed here. The Senator from
Minnesota provides in this bill that it may be
built as a draw-bridge with a pivot or other
form of draw, or with unbroken and continu-
ous spans. We provided in regard to the
bridge at St. Louis that it should not be built
as a draw-bridge at all. Then it is here pro-
vided—
That if tho said bridgo shall he nia.de with unbro-
ken and continuous spans, it shall not bo of loss ele-
vation in any case tlmn fifty feet abovoextremo high-
wator niaik.as understood at tho point of location, to
tho bottom chord of tho bridge; nor shall the spans
of said bridge bo less than two hundred and fifty foot
in length, and tho piers of said bridge shall be paral-
lel with tho curront of tho river.
It was provided, in regard to the St. Louis
bridge, that the spans should not lie less than
six hundred feet. It is here provided that they
may lie only two hundred and fifty feet. Now,
let me suggest to the Senator from Minnesota
that if a bridge of this character is to bo built,
it will seriously interfere with navigation. I
do not ask that a bridge of six hundred feet
span shall be constructed at the point where a
bridge is now proposed, but I do think that no
bridge of less span than four hundred feet
ought, to be built upon tho Mississippi even
with continuous spans.
Mr. SHERMAN. It cannot be done.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mechanics say it can
be done. The very best mechanics of St. Louis
wrote to my colleague and myself that a bridge
could be built at the city of St. Louis with a
span of six hundred feet.
Mr. RIDDLE. Only by iron suspension
bridges.
Mr. HENDERSON. I care not how it may
be done, provided the bridge is put fifty feet
above high-water mark, so as to enable the
steamers to pass beneath the bottom chord of
the bridge. We do not ask that it shall be built
in one or the other mode; we only ask that it
shall be built in continuous spans, and if they
want to use iron they can do so.
But let me propose to the Senator from
Minnesota, whose section of country is very
rapidly growing into great importance, that
in the course of a few years a great change
has come about in the transportation of prod-
HCts upon the Mississippi river, much of which
comes from his own thriving State. Instead of
loading down a packet and running it through,
a tow-boat is taken, with a large number of
barges, requiring much more space than for-
merly in the transportation of the produc-
tions of that section of country. He will re-
member another difficulty, and a very serious
one with us. From the State of Wisconsin,
and his own State, perhaps, a large quantity
of the lumber used in our section of country
is brought upon the surface of the Missis-
sippi river. These rafts are sometimes three
hundred, four hundred, or five hundred feet in
length, and repeated difficulty in getting them
through between the piers of a bridge has been
experienced at the town of Rock Island. He
may say that a raft is never so wide as two
hundred and fifty feet. I do not know in re-
gard to that, but I know that some of them
are very wide. He will remember, however,
that the current in high and low water is not
always the same on the Mississippi or any
other stream. The passage of rafts between
the piers of these bridges will certainly require
a space of more than two hundred and fifty
feet. Perhaps the Senator from Minnesota
can enlighten me on the subject, but if I am
not much mistaken, in high water, when the cur-
rent is strong, and when the piers themselves
are not in a line parallel with the current of the
river, a raft may be started through properly,
but before the entire raft gets through it will
strike the piers, as has frequently been the case
at Rock Island, if I am not mistaken.
Mr. GRIMES. At Rock Island the bridge
is right at the foot of the rapids where the cur-
rent is very strong ; but no such condition of
things can exist here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The span there is only-
one hundred and twelve feet.
Mr. RAMSEY. The whole difficulty at Rock
Island is the obliquity of the piers to the cur-
rent.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is the very diffi-
culty that I am suggesting.
Mr. RAMSEY. That is well guarded against
in this bill. They are required here to be in
the line of the current.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am very well aware
of that; but tho Senator will recollect that he
may have them in the line of the current in low
water and they will not be parallel with the
current in high water. The Senator knows
perfectly well that the current of the Missis-
sippi is not always in the same line ; that the
current changes even in high and low water.
The current of a river, I apprehend, is con-
trolled more or less by the height of the water
and by the obstructions that may present them-
selves, and those obstructions may be different
in high water from low water. The building
of a wharf at a town may change the entire cur-
rent of the river for miles above and below the
town. Such things have frequently occurred.
The smallest obstacle in nature will oftentimes
change the current even of a river like the Mis-
sissippi. The Senator need not tell me that
when a pier is built at an ordinary stage of
water parallel with the current of the river it
is always so. We know to the contrary. We
know that the current is different in high water
from low water. Hence it is an utter impos-
sibility ; and when you come to abate these
bridges as a nuisance in the courts it will be
found that the testimony is never sufficient to
do it, and when they are orice fastened upon
the surface of that river wo shall never get rid
of them.
I would gladly say to-day that no bridge shall
be constructed on the Mississippi river. I do
not wish to put obstacles in the way of railroad
transportation ; but when yon bring into com-
