1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
the service during the last year and a half of
• the war, enlisting for a long time and receiving
enormous bounties, and then, when the war
closed, they were discharged having served out
only on« third or one half of the time for which
they entered, while the old weather-beaten regi-
ments, organized in the first two and a half
years of the war, received but a $100 bounty
and were shivered and shattered and torn.
Many of the men who came in at the last hour
Received the favors of the local authorities, and
of the Federal Government too. It is true all
this was imposed upon us by the needs of the
country, but now we have got through the
rebellion and we ought to do justice.
I do not believe the country is very poor.
We have got a large amount of property in
this country, and we can stand this expendi-
ture. It will take the Paymaster General four
years' time, working all his forcc, to pay these
bounties, so that my amendment will take
perhaps forty or forty-five millions a year out
of the Treasury for four years to come. The
work cannot be done any faster than that with
the present force. I do not believe it will
affect the credit of this Government, or that it
will be deemed an act of folly or of injustice.
On the contrary, I believe that the tendency
will be to make the men who fought the bat-
tles of the country and saved the country feel
that the country has dealt generously by them.
No soldiers were ever so largely paid, so well
fed, or clothed, as our Army. They were men
born among the mass of our people; they were
a part of our people—not soldiers, but men
who voluntarily entered the service of the
country, exposed life and health and all they
had for the cause of the country. They served
faithfully. They saved the country, and if it
takes §175,000,000 to equalize the bounties
among them, I do not believe the heart or the
conscience of this nation will grudge the sum,
and I do not believe in the long run of years
the nation will be the poorer for it. We have
acted upon the policy of keeping a small stand-
ing Army, relying upon the people to crowd
the ranks of our military forces in time of war.
We have held it to be the duty of every man
liable to military service to give his time, his
health, his blood, his life, if need be, for the
service of the country in time of war. That
has been the theory upon which the Govern-
ment has acted. We have relied upon the
people, and the people responded to our ap-
peal as no people in history ever responded
before; and if we do justice now, deal fairly
by our neighbors, brothers, and friends scat-
tered by the hundreds and thousands over this
country, whenever the country shall again be
engaged in war, foreign or civil—and God for-
bid that we should ever be, in our day .ind
generation, at any rate, involved in either—
these men will again respond to the call of the
country, in the consciousness that the nation
will deal justly, fairly, and equally by them.
Mr. LANE. Mr. President, at the begin-
ning of the session, very early in the session,
I had the honor to present several petitions
and memorials from the returned soldiers of
the State of Indiana, praying for an equaliza-
tion of bounties. These petitions were very
numerously signed, and they were also pre-
sented, I believe, from every State and Terri-
tory of the United States. In addition to that
the Legislature of our State have taken the
matter into consideration, and have memori-
alized Congress to equalize the bounties of the
soldiers. Some weeks ago a bill passed the
House of Representatives nominally for the
equalization of the bounties of the soldiers.
I shall endeavor to show very briefly that that
bill as it passed the House is not a bill which
in any sense can equalize the bounties of the
soldiers. The main provision of that bill, dif-
fering from the Senate bill, was precisely the
difference embraced in the amendment offered
by the distinguished Senator from Iowa. You
will perceive that our bill, the Senate bill, pro-
poses an exact equalization of the bounties so
far as they have been given by the Government
of the United States. The bill of the House
proposes to equalize bounties given by the
General Government, deducting local, State,
county, and municipal bounties; and this is
the radical difference between the two bills.
Now, in order to legislate knowingly upon
the subject, I have prepared a very brief synop-
sis of the bounty laws we have passed since
the beginning of the rebellion. By the act of
July 21, 1861, volunteers were to have
bounty for two years' service. By the act of
July 29, 1861, regulars were placed upon the
same footing as the volunteers were as to boun-
ties. By the act of March 28, 1862, bounty
was given to "men employed in the department
of Missouri; that was a special enlistment and
mustering into service of the Missouri troops.
The act of July 11, 1862, placed regular sol-
diers enlisted since July, 1861, on the same
footing as volunteers respecting bounty, &c.
By the act of July 17, 1862, nine months'
troops were allowed twenty-five dollars bounty,
twelve months troops fifty dollars bounty, one
half to be paid in advance. By the act of
March 3, 1863, nine months' troops who en-
listed for one year were entitled to the fifty
dollars bounty, for two years $100. By the
act of February 24, 1864, the loyal master of
of a slave drafted was to have the bounty of
$100, a provision carried out by an amend-
ment to this nery bill to allow the loyal mas-
ter a bounty for slaves enlisted. By the act
of June 15, 1864, colored soldiers enlisted who
were free before April 1, 1861, were to receive
$100 bounty. Under the call of Octobcr 17,
1863, they were entitled to the bounty of $800
for three years enlistment where they were
free prior to 1861. These provisions have
been carried out by an amendment to this
bill. By the act of Juno 20, 1864, regulars
who reenlisted were to have the bounty au-
thorized by the joint resolution of June 13,
1864, after March, 1861. The resolution of
January 13,1864, continues reenlistmonl boun-
ties to March, 1864, one year $100, two years
$200, and three years $300.
Yon will perceive, then, Mr. President, that
the highest bounties given to any soldiers were
$400 bounty to the three years' men who re-
enlisted for three years. This provision goes
upon the ground that eight and one third dol-
lars per month will make the highest bounty
given to any soldier when you carry it to the
whole time of his enlistment, six months, nine
months, one year, two years, or three years.
Then the proposition is to equalize the boun-
ties of'all the soldiers. Under these several
acts you will find that the bounties given by the
General Government were unequal, owing to
the emergency of the occasion at the particular
times when the laws were passed. When we
passed the first enlistment aetit was thought
that $100 bounty was sufficient, and under that
bounty your armies were speedily filed, and as
the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts
has said, the troops enlisted in 1861 and 1862,
under the $100 bounty, were the troops who
bore the brunt of this whole war.
But we are met here with the argument that
the Government of the United States has hon-
estly paid to every enlisted man all that it
promised. That is true. But under the emer-
gency of the occasion the United States have
at one time promised more than they have
promised at another; and the services being
equally meritorious and equally efficient, it
does seem to me that the bounties should be
equalized. I can conceive no objection to that,
i grant you that in law there is no obligation
that could be enforced, but I think in morals
there is an obligation that should be enforced,
that these bounties should all be equalized.
We are told that it will require a large amount
of money. That is doubtless true. It will
require from one hundred and fifty to one hun-
dred and seventy million dollars, according to
to the estimate of your Paymaster General, if
you pass the Senate bill; it will require perhaps
a little less than half that amount if you pass
the House bill; but I shall proceed to show
you now that it is wholly impracticable to pass
the provision as it passed the House.
We propose here to equalize the bounties
paid by the Government of the United States.
That we can readily do, for every cent of
bounty paid is determined upon the pay-rolls
by the date of enlistment ot every soldier in
the Army, compared with the laws in exist-
ence at the time of his enlistment. The rolls
at the War Department are complete and the
Paymaster General can pay the additional
bounty as readily as he can pay the month's pay
to each soldier. Then there ia no trouble to
administer this law as we propose to pass it in
the Senate. But suppose you adopt a different
rule and say you will equalize the bounties,
deducting the amount of local, township, State,
and municipal bounty, as provided for in the
House bill; it is wholly impracticable to as-
certain the amount paid. Every county per-
haps in my State and in almost all the States
raised by taxation or voluntary subscription a
fund to pay as a bounty to soldiers to prevent a
draft; a different amount was paid m almost
every township, and in many instances different
amounts were paid to soldiers from the same
township. Then I say it is impracticable. You
can never find out what the States, townships,
counties, and cities paid, for there is no regis-
ter of it. No register was kept; it was not re-
turned to the Provost Marshal General's office;
there is no paper in that department showing
the amount of these local bounties, and in
the very nature of the case no such paper could
be returned.
I have endeavored to show the Senate the
utter impracticability of equalizing bounties by
taking into the account local, township, and
State bounties, because there are no papers
returned showing the amounts paid; but even
if it were practicable it would be exceedingly
unjust, ana in my opinion exceedingly impol-
itic. What would be the operation? Suppose
we pass a law nominally equalizing the boun-
ties of these soldiers and deducting therefrom
the local bounties, the operation would be just
this: take for example the county in which I
reside; there by taxation we raised $375,000
as a bounty fund; that was paid to the soldiers
of our county for going in and filling up the
ranks. Pass now a bill to equalize the boun-
ties and deduct that, and no soldier from that
county will receive one cent benefit from your
action, and they will bo taxed to make up for
those communities who refused to contribute
anything to fill the ranks of your armies. I
can see no justice in this.
But my main objection to itis that it is wholly
impracticable and can never be carried out.
Take the State of Indiana. We owe to-day
over seventeen million dollars bounty fund
raised by taxation upon our people to fill the
ranks of the armies and to prevent drafts.
Pass the House bill and our people, who have
already contributed, who have already been
taxed to pay the debt, will be taxed to pay
communities where they raised no bounties,
either by taxation or by subscription, while no
citizen of Indiana will get a eent. I would
about as soon pass no bill equalizing bounties
as to pass that bill which can never be carried
out, deducting local and township and county
bounties.
Mr. President, I admit, as I have before
said, that there is no legal obligation. We
have paid to these soldiers all that we prom-
ised to them; but after having promised the vet-
eran soldier who served three years $ 100 bounty,
the very next year we promised and paid S300
and $400. These men fought side by side in
the ranks, and their blood mingled in the same
common torrent, upon the same glorious bat-
tle-fields, the one having a bounty of $100 or
nothing, the other having a bounty of $400
given by the Government, and perhaps five or
six hundred dollars given by local corporations
and townships. I can see no possible justice
in this, and I believe the public sentiment of the
whole country demands this legislation. The
instincts of the people are right and honest and
proper, and upon all questions of morals the
voice of the people, uncorrupted, is the voice
of God, echoing the sense of eternal justice
