4086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
which lives in every human heart. The whole
country demands it. There is no opposition
to it. The only possible opposition is that
the condition of the Treasury is such that it
cannot stand this drain. I believe no such
tiling. "Who is to pay this national debt? The
•whole people. The returned soldiers are a
part of the people interested in the payment
of the debt. By doing justice, by dealing lib-
erally with them, you have a much better pros-
pect of final payment than you have by dissat-
isfying those who have fought the battles of
the country.
Mr. President, I shall not enlaxge on this
subject, nor would it be prudent, perhaps, at
this stage of the session, but I do feel that
upon this occasion I speak for those who have
no right to speak here, for themselves ; but they
have spoken for us elsewhere at the mouth of
cannon and by the victors' shout upon a hun-
dred battle-fields ; and that we sit here to-night
is owing to the exertions, the bravery, and
prowess of the very men whose cause I feebly
plead to-night. We should do justicc to these
men; we should satisfy them not only that the
Government is inclined to be just but to be lib-
eral and fair, for we must rely in all future wars
upon the volunteer forces of the country, we
must rely upon the soldiery drawn from the
ranks of common life, every man of whom feels
that he is a part of the Government, responsi-
ble for the conduct of the Government, and
every man of whom feels that this is his Gov-
ernment.
I then shall vote most cheerfully for this
amendment. An objection has been urged
that this is not the proper place for it, that it
should not have been moved as an amendment
upon this bill. What is this bill you are con-
sidering? An appropriation bill. Whatisthe
amendment? A provision to appropriate fur-
ther to discharge this debt of gratitude and
honor and justice that we owe to the common
soldier, it is strictly germane to the bill, and I
there can be no point, no time, no occasion |
when it is not proper and in order to do justice
to these brave soldiers of ours.
But why is it moved here as an amendment
upon this bill? Simply because four days ago,
when gentlemen sought to consider this bill,
we asked that the bounty bill might be taken
up in advance, knowing that the appropriation
bill would pass any way at any stage of the j
session. We asked then that a vote should be !
taken upon the bounty bill. We were then
told, ''Do not antagonize it with the appropri-
ation bill; wait." We did wait until we are
now within less than three days of the adjourn-
ment of this Congress, and 1, for one, am un-
willing to adjourn without doing justice to the
soldier, and this is the only opportunity we
shall have. If it is not put upon this bill it is
the last you will hear of it this session. There
is no other opportunity of getting it up, and it
is germane to the subject, precisely right and
proper. This is an appropriation bill to pay
your civil employfis, to pay for the repair of
the Mississippi levees, to pay a hundred other
miscellaneous objects. It is in order to do all
these things, but exceedingly improper to move
an amendment to pay your soldiers and equal-
ize their bounties! I hope that the Senate,
without hesitation, will pass this amendment,
and I regret to have been compelled to have
said one word in its defense.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, since I
have had the honor of a seat in this body, no
task has been imposed upon me so unpleasant
as to oppose an appropriation for the class of
soldiers who are to be benefited by this bill;
but a sense of public duty compels me to do
so. In this I know that I do not agree with
the general sentimentof the people of my State,
and with the general popular sentiment through-
out the country; but I do it from a sense of
responsibility which allows me no doubt or
hesitation.
The honorable Senator from Indiana, with
his impulsive and generous manner, appeals to
us to equalize the bounties to soldiers, and to
giva them some reward for their sacrifices in
the cause of their country. Mr. President, we
cannot suitably reward the services of our sol-
diers by money. If we were to pour into their
pockets all the money, and give them all the
property of our people; if we were to destroy
our credit, and roll up mountains of debt, and
break down the future prosperity of our coun-
try, we could not, in money, compensate for
the privations and suffering of our soldiers in
this war. It is impossible for us to compen-
sate them for the services they have rendered;
nor do they seek it. I do not believe that the
mass of the soldiers who aTe to be the recipi-
ents of this bounty have demanded it of us.
I know that in some cases I have received let-
ters from discharged soldiers, who oppose the
appropriation of this sum of money; and I
have no doubt all Senators have received sim-
ilar letters. Any attempt to equalize bounties,
or to pay the soldiers for their services and
sacrifices is utterly futile. All the money of
this country, all the credit of this country, could
not accomplish this result; and every attempt
to equalize bounties will only make the ine-
quality more manifest.
Why, sir, there have been soldiers who have
served for one month, and yet who received
four or five hundred dollars as bounty. They
entered the service as the war was closing.
Could you equalize bounties upgn their cases ?
Some men have received as substitutes $1,000,
and probably have been discharged for inability
in three months. Would you equalize on that
basis ? Many soldiers who served during three
years of the war and rendered the most valu-
able service, far more valuable than any ren-
dered by any other class=©"f our soldiers, reen-
listed and received a bounty of three hundred
or four hundred dollars as reenlisted veterans.
They get nothing under your bill. They may
have lost their limbs or been disabled for life
during their second enlistment, and urged to do
so by the call of patriotism, but they get noth-
ing by your bill. The soldier who enlisted first
and refused to reenlist again when the country
was in the deepest distress, gets the bounty
by your bill, while those gallant veterans who
reenlisted and received the bounty you then
offered them get nothing at all. That class of
men, and there are 158,507 of them—the best
soldiers of the Republic—who, after having
served three years, took the bounty that was
offered, and with their ample experience and
their skill and discipline, went again into the
service and fought the war through, get noth-
ing by this bill. The bounties proposed by this
bill are only to be granted to those who, having
served their first enlistment went out of the ser-
vice, or the nine months' men, or the three
months's men, and those who have heretofore
been excluded from your bounty. I say, there-
fore, that any attempt by any general legisla-
tion to equalize bounties is utterly futile.
But, sir, I would be willing to make the at-
tempt did I not see other difficulties in the way.
Before we make this attempt we must remem-
ber that if we appropriate this money we must
borrow money to pay these bounties. There
is now no authority of law for any increase of
the public debt. The only law you have passed
at this session in relation to the public debt
expressly provides that the public debt shall
not be increased. No authority is given to in-
crease the public debt. You must propose a
measure which, in my judgment, will require
at least §300,000,000. Upon what basis the
Senator from Massachusetts says it will require
only $170,000,000 I cannot compute. I have
the papers and documents before me. It is
too late to go into the analysis of this compu
tation, but I say it will require not less than
$300,000,000. Where is this money to come
from ? The Senator says it will take four years
to pay it. Will you dole out this pittance, as
you call it, to these soldiers ? Why, sir, when
the four years expire you will have a demand
made from these soldiers to equalize the inter-
est upon these bounties. But, sir, the very
provisions of this bill require the payment to
be made within one year, and they will be
made promptly. The evidence is easily acces-
sible, and the payment will be promptly made,
and you have got to meet this sum. If you
intend to appropriate it, why not provide for
its payment? Are you now prepared to vote
an increase of the public debt to an amount
sufficient to meet this bill?
If the Senate adopt this amendment it will
become my duty then to propose a measure to
raise the means to pay this money. It is ut-
terly idle for us to hold out the promise of
bounty to the soldiers without having the money
to pay it. It is a delusion ; it is a fraud upon
them. "We must not, and we cannot, do it.
Now, we have, dur-ing this whole session, gone
upon the basis that we would return gradually
again to a peace basis; that we would reduce
our expenses to the measure of our income;
and, in order to relieve the industry of our
people, composed in a great measure of re-
turned soldiers, we have thrown off from their
shoulders avast burden of taxation. We have
taken off at least $100,000,000 of taxes. We
propose to do more year by year. We are now
reducing daily our receipts. The numerous
taxes imposed by us during the war have yielded
us a revenue of over $500,000,000, but next
year they will be far less. Are you prepared
to stop now the process of throwing off the
burden of taxation ? Are you prepared to lay
on a new tax in order to raise this sum of
money, or are you prepared to go to sea again,
financially, and borrow money and increaseyour
debt with money at a discount of thirty-three
per cent, in gold ? These are the questions that
must be considered, as well as the patriotic
furore by which it is sought to carry this bill
at the heel of the session as an appendix to
the appropriation bill.
Mr. President, 1 have here remonstrances
from officers of the Government against this
bill. I have here a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury stating that he is unable to pay
these bounties. I have here a letter, full of
instruction, from Mr. Wells, the chairman of
the revenue commission, stating his views on
the matter of the inadequacy of our tax laws
to raise an amount sufficient to pay this sum.
I have here an official letter from General Fry,
the Provost Marshal General, showing that the
number of persons enlisted into the service of
the United States duringthe war was 2,401,002,
of whom 730,721 have received no bounty, and
all of whom would be entitled to bounty under
the provisions of this bill. Why, sir, the act-
ual bounty paid out by us during the war was
$300,223,500, and of this 1,166,868 men re-
ceived but the bounty of $100. Their bounty
is increased at the rate of eight dollars and
some cents a month, or $100 a year. No man
can sit down and look over these figures and
estimate the amount required by this bill at
less than $300,000,000. • In the amount of
bounty that we paid out heretofore, we paid
nothing to 750,000 of our soldiers; we only
paid bounty to the men who served for two and
three years. I say, then, to sit down and com-
pute the amount required by this bill at less
than $300,000,000 is simply idle and illusory ;
and we must be prepared to raise the money
when we propose to pay it. As I said, I have
all these documents before me, but it is too
late to read them. I have the statement of
General Fry, who computesthe amount required
by this bill at from $300,000,000 to $600,000,-
000; and here let me say that the Paymaster
General, the Provost Marshal General, and so
far as I know, the Secretary of War, and every
officer of the Government connected with the
service, is opposed to this scheme.
Under these circumstances it is my duty to
oppose this appropriation. But there is another
ground of objection. Without going into the
general merits of the amendment, I submit to
Senators this plain proposition: here is a bill
which one of your committees is required to
report, for what? For the civil service of the
Government during the next fiscal year, not
to cover past debts; not to cover old matters,
but for the civil service of the Government
during the next fiscal year. This bill provides
for your light-houses; it provides for the sur-
