1206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
business. After some time spent in executive
session the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 6, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order was the motion made on yesterday by
Mr. Schenck to reconsider the vote by which
the Military Academy appropriation bill was
ordered to 1)0 engrossed and read a third time.
pacific railroad and telegraph.
On motion of Mr. LOAN, by unanimous
consent, Senate bill No. 20, granting lands to
aid the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from (lie Slates of Missouri and Arkansas
to the Pacific coast, was taken from the Speak-
er's table, read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
LEAVE 01' ABSENCE.
Mr. CONKLING. My colleague, Mr. Laf-
lix, has received intelligence of the death of
his only son. I make this statement in order
to explain his not having voted on several
occasions of late, and also as a reason for ask-
ing that leave of absence be granted him for
ten days.
Leave was accordingly granted.
Ii.lILlFfS ami) criers.
Mr. INGEESOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill fixing the compensation for
the bailiffs and criers of the courts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee for
tlie District of Columbia.
PlilNTIXG OF TESTIMONY.
Mr. BOUTW ELL. lam instructed by (he
joint committee on reconstruction (o report in
part the evidence taken by Ihem in relation to
the Slates of Arkansas, Mississippi, Alabama,
and Georgia. I move that the same be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. BO IJ fW ELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the testimony was ordered to be
printed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
.maimed soldiers and sulcus.
Mr. EC l\ I jKY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill allowing compensation to maimed
soldiers and sailors who are entitled by law to
artificial limbs in lieu of said artificial limbs,
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military A Hairs.
mi lit ati y academy litll,
Mr. FAUNS WORTH demanded the regular
order of business.
The Sl'KA K ICR. The first business in order
is the consideration of House bill No. :J7, mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the ;!0th of June,
1867. The pending question is upon the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to
reconsider! ho vote by which the billasamended
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. My object in making the
motion to reconsider is to obtain an opportu-
nity to move in an amended form the amend-
ment which I submitted on yesterday, and which
was virtually carried ; but which was ultimately
lost by members changing their votes because
it was discovered that the word "hereafter''
bad been inadvertently omitted from the amend-
ment. That omission it was supposed would
lead to an ambiguous construction which was
not intended. 1 desire nowto give notice that
lfthe motion to reconsider shall prevail. I will
offer the amendment which I send to the Clerk's ; l
desk to be read. I have modified it so as to i I
meet the objections of gentlemen, and to pro-
vide only prospective application.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
And provided 'further, That no part of the money
appropriated by this or any other actshall be applied
to the pay or subsistence of any cadet from any State
declared to be in rebellion against the Government
of tlic United States, appointed after the 1st day of
January, I860, until said State shall have been re-
stored to its original relations to the Union, under
and by virtue of an act or joint resolution of Con-
gress for that case made and provided.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move the previous
question on the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The motion to reconsider was then agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Pending which,
Mr. SCHENCK said: I now move the amend-
ment which has just been read at the Clerk's
desk. And I now call the previous question
upon the bill and pending amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments?
Mr. SCHENCK. I will yield for five minutes.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment, and 1 wish to have read at the Clerk's
desk what I would have offered as a substitute
for the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Scriuxciv] if I had had the opportunity.
The Clerk read, as follows:
And provided furthrr, That no part of the money
hereby appropriated shall bo applied to tho support
or pay of any cadets hercalter appointed not in con-
formity with the express provision of law rogulating
appointments of cadcts for that Academy.
Mr. 15 LA INK. T wish to call the attention
of the House, Mr. Speaker, to the precise na-
ture of the pending amendment, and for that
purpose I will read it again. It is as follows :
And provided further. That no part of the moneys
appropriated by tins or any other act shall be applied
to the pay or subsist onccof any cadet from any State
declared to be m rebellion against the Government
of tho United {State.-, appoiritod after the 1st day of
January, 18GG. until such Slate shall luive been re-
stored to its original relations to the Union, under
;md by virtue of an net or joint resolution ol Congress
for that case made and provided.
As the previous question has been demanded,
1 am not allowed to offer an amendment. If 1
were permitted to do so, I would offer the fol-
lowing in the nature of a substitute for the pend-
ing proposition of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. St-iiENOK:]
Provided further. That no part of tho money hereby
appropriated shall bo applied to the pny or support
of any cadets hereatter appointed not m conformity
with tliei:xi u>s piovisionsoflaw i emulating appoint-
monls of* endots at that Academy.
rl his proposition is precisely the same ver-
but)m el lilerulini lhat was incorporated in the
West, Point appropriation bill at the first session
of tho Thirty-Eighth Congress, April, 1804, and
was then moved, T believe, by tho gentleman
from Ohio who now offers the pending amend-
ment. The design at that time was to cure an
existing evil which 1 will briefly explain. The
law authorizing the appointment, of cadets gives
one to each congressional district in the Uni-
ted States, and requires that the eadet shall be
an actual resident of the district for which he
is appointed. After the late war had been raging
some two years, and the southern districts were
not represented at West Point, nominations were
made from I he northern States to hll about three
fourths of these districts. I hold the Cadet Re-
gister in iny hjind, showing that some thirty-
eight 01 forty northern boys were foisted con-
trary to law on these southern districts, and
are lit West Point to-day in virtue of those
appointments. It was to stop this method of
illegal nomination that the provision 1 have
quoted was inserted in the West Point appro-
priation bill in April, 1804.
To-day, if the President should fill all tho
vacancies in the southern States, he would not
have over eighteen appointments, because the
cadets already appointed from the North rep-
resenting southern districts will not graduate
until 1867, and some of them not until 1868.
If the pending amendment, therefore, should
be defeated, the only cadets the President could
appoint in the southern States would be these
eighteen, together with such proportion as he
might choose to assign to that section from
the ten at large whom he is empowered to
appoint annually. Can we not trust the Presi-
dent with this power? Are we to reflect on
him and on the Secretary of War by declaring
here that we cannot trust them to appoint a
single cadet from the southern States? Are
we to say to the President, as this amendment
docs, '"If you wish to nominate Governor
Brownlow's soft to West Point, you shall not
do it; if you wish to nominate John Minor
Botts's son, you shall not do it; you shall not
appoint the son of any of those patriots of East
Tennessee who, in their mountain fastnesses,
struggled and died for the Union." The amend-
ment summarily cuts off the power of the Pres-
ident to appoint any lad, however promising
and however loyal, to West Point, if he be
so unfortunate as to have been born and lived
in the South. His father may have died for
the Union, but the son cannot be recognized
by the President of the Union.
I am opposed to the amendment, sir; op-
posed to it root and branch. I regard it as
prescriptive, illiberal, and narrow-minded. Its
logic can bo justified only on tho ground taken
by my distinguished friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stuvexs,] who holds that the entire pop-
ulation of the eleven southern States are alien
enemies. 1 admit that the amendment is per-
fectly consistent with that doctrine; and if any
gentleman espouses that creed lie will find in
the pending amendment a legitimate outgrowth
of his theory. Not believing myself in this
extreme dogma, but holding, as I always have,
that the man wht> has been truly loyal to the
Government, whether in the North or in the
South, is entitled to its protection and its ben-
efits, 1 shall vote against the amendment, even
if I stand alone in my opposition.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 desire to ask one ques-
tion. Arc we to understand that, under either
the amendment pending or that suggested by
the gentleman from Maine, these boys who,
the gentleman says, have been colonized and
are now in West Point, would be disturbed?
Mr. BLAINE. No, sir ; neither amend-
ment will affcct the boys now at West Point;
but my amendment proposes simply to reaffirm
the action of the Thirty-Eighth Congress. It
will prevent any further colonization, and leave
the matter just as it stands under the law to-
day.
The SPEAKER. The gontlemau's five min-
utes have expired.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall depart from my
purpose to say nothing on lliis subject because
of the remarks submitted in opposition lo the
amendment bv the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaixii.]
As to the charge that this is the most narrow-
minded and illiberal proposition ever made in
this House, I shall not stop to bandy epithets
with the gentleman ; but, sir, the effect of the
amendment suggested by the gentleman is to
warn the Secretary of War and the President
not to violate the law; and if there be any
reflection it seems to me to be contained in
that amendment rather than in the one now
pending, which simply proposes to make a cer-
tain enactment, expecting those officers to con-
form to it.
Now, sir, in reference to former appoint-
ments, some, I know, have been irreg'ilarly
made. YV e have stopped that. Some of those
appointments, most of them perhaps, were ap-
pointments of northern young men who were
fastened, as it were, in this way upon districts
in the southern States—States in rebellion.
Some of them were young men who had served
in the Army, and who, from having been oil
duty in Alabama, Tennessee, or elsewhere in
the South, were construed for the time being
to have a residence there, and under that view
were appointed. This practice has been stopped.
The amendment proposes not to interfere witb
any appointments which have been made, not
