1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3127
the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (S.
No. 257) to regulate the occupation of mineral
lands and to extend the right of preemption
thereto.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move that the bill
be postponed to Friday next, at one o'clock,
and made the special order for that hour.
Mr. MORRILL. I have a word to say about
that. I hope that will not be done. I have
been trying to get a chance to pass some little
bills here pertaining to the District of Colum-
bia. We have had but half a day during the
entire session, and I find that those having
charge of business outside are so much more
active than I can possibly be that I have not
got a chance to bring up the District business.
I had drawn up a resolution which I proposed
to offer, asking the Senate to allow Friday next
to be devoted to business of the District of
Columbia. There are a great number of Dis-
trict bills that have been accumulating during
almost the entire session, and they demand
attention.
Mr. CONNESS. I made my motion with
the understanding with the Senator at the head
of the Finance Committee that I should not
interfere with the bills which he has in charge,
agreeing that this bill should go over in case
he should want to occupy the time oil the day
named. Neither do I desire to antagonize the
bill with the necessary legislation that the other
honorable Senator from Maine has in charge.
It will be conceded, however, that this is a
very important subject; the Committee on
Mines and Mining have considered it very
thoroughly and fully; and my object is to get
the consideration of the Senate for it at an
early day, in view of the extent to which the
session has already been consumed. Tf it will
answer better to make this bill the special
order for Monday at one o'clock, I will make
that motion.
Mr. MORRILL, and others. There is no
objection to that.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the bill be
postponed until Monday at one o'clock, and
made the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to by a two-thirds
vote.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (IT. 11.
No. 213) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1867, the pending question being on the
following amendment, reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to come in as lines eleven
hundred and fifty-two and eleven hundred and
fifty-three after the appropriation for the Metro-
politan police:
For tho construction of a police telegraph, $15,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After < < telegraph'' the
amendment should be amended by inserting
"in the city of Washington."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, and the amendment, as amended,
was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert as a new section :
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the 30th day of June, 1866, the annual salary of
the Treasuier of the United States shall he $6,500, the
additional salary herein provided for for the year
ending June 30,1S67, to be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That from and
after the 30th day of June. 186(5, the salary of the
Commissioner of Public liuildings shall be $-.500 per
annum, and the increase of salary herein authorized
may bo paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted. That the President
is hereby authorized to appoint a private secretary,
at an annual salary of $3,500; a short-hand writer,
at an annual salary of $2,500; a clerk of pardons at
an annual sala.ryof$2,000; and one clerk of thefourth
class; and the amount necessary to pa.y the salaries
of the officers and clerks herein provided for for tho
fiscal year ending Juno 30.1867, and also such sum as
may be necessary to pay the salaries of said officers
and clerks from the date of their appointment to tho
end of the fiscal year 1866, arc hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To that section I pro-
pose some amendments. First, in line three,
after the word " dollars," to insert "an assist-
ant secretary at a salary of $2,500."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line six I move to
strike out the words "one clerk" and insert
"three clerks;" so as to provide for three
clerks of the fourth class.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tho next amendment
is in lino six, after tho word "class" to insert:
A steward of thoProsident's household, who shall
receive an annual salary of $2,000; and said steward
shall have tho custody ot the plate, furniture, and
other public property in the President's House, and
shall give a bond to tho United States in such sum as
the Secretary of tho Interior shall deem sufficient,
and to bo approved by him, for the faithful discharge
of his trust.
The amendment to tho amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) Tho question now is on the
amendment of the committee as amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 move, in the third line,
to strike out " ยง3,500 " and insert " $-1,000."
T think that is but a reasonable compensation
for the gentleman who sh^ll be the private sec-
retary of tho President..
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on
Finance considered the question of the salary
of the secretary of the President, and they saw
no reason why the secretary of the President
should receive more than the Assistant Secre-
taries of tho several Departments and the heads
of bureaus. They thought it would make dilli-
culty to give more, and that $3,500 was a suffi-
cient sum. Heretofore the President has had
only one secretary, and he has received but
$2,000 or ยง2,500; and this not only gives him
a secretary at $3,500, but an assistant secretary
at $2,500, and a shorthand-writer at tho same
rate, besides three clerks of the fourth class.
The committee were of opinion that it would
make a considerable difficulty , and that there
was no good reason why the President's secre-
tary should receive more than the Assistant
Secretaries of the Departments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought it but rea-
sonable to make the amendment 1 have pro-
posed. Every Senator knows the importance
of relieving tho President as much as possible
from the burden that is thrown upon him in
receiving persons that call, and certainly it is
very desirable to have a man of tine qualifica-
tions for the place; a good business man ; not
an ordinary clerk, of course, but a man who
can transact the business for the people when
they call to see the President. I was induced
to make the proposition in part by the fact that
the House of Representatives has already fixed
this sum of $1,000 as the proper compensation
in House bill No. 211. The House in its bill
on this subject, No. 211, fixed the salary of tho
President's private secretary at $4,000. I
thought that as the House had expressed that
desire, and it seemed to mo to be right, the
Senate had better adopt lhe same sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The duties to be per-
formed by the secretary of the President can-
not be any more important certainly than the
duties to be performed by the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and his salary is $3,500;
and it was on that ground that this sum was
fixed. It is true that the salaries of the Assist-
ant Secretary and the heads of bureaus in the
Interior Department have since been fixed at
SI,000 by a bill passed by the Senate; but that
was our reasoning. Tho President at present
has only an assistant secretary provided by
law, but officers of the Departments are de-
tailed there, and in that way he has the use of
clerical force. We became satisfied that it
was proper to give the President a corps of
clerks, and thought that as it is now arranged
we had given what was right. We have given
everything, in fact, that he asked for and as he
asked for it: a secretary in the first place, an
assistant secretary, a short-hand writer, and
three clerks of the fourth class.
Now, the simple question is whether the sec-
retary of the President should receive any
more than the Assistant Secretaries of the De-
partments generally. If we agree to this prop-
osition we shall have to raise them all; and we
thought it would not be reasonable to do so.
Certainly, to perforin the duties which the
secretary would have to perform about the
President, with all this assistance, I should
suppose $3,500, as it procures Assistant Sec-
retaries for the departments, would certainly
procure all that was necessary. It is, how-
ever, for the Senate to decide. The Commit-
tee on Finance came to tho conclusion that it
would not bo proper to go beyond $3,500.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine if he thinks the salary fixed
for the short-hand reporter, $2,500, will be
sufficient to secure such a reporter as it would
be desirable to have. 1 understand that the
short-hand writers in this city get much more
than that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Only when employed
for a few days; but this is a salary for the year
round. He will get this salary all the year
round, whether employed or not. Tt ought to
be enough.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have understood that
the short-hand writers in both branches of Con-
gress got more than that; but I am not very
well informed on the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very excellent short-
hand writers arc employed in the Treasury
Department, with the salary of fourth-class
clerks, $1,800.
The amendment of the committee, as
amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert the following as an
additional section:
Fi:c. 5. And he it further enacted. That from and
after the 30th day of June, 1866, there shall be all
otlicer in tho Treasury Department., to he known as
tho Assistant Solicitor of tho Treasury, who shall be
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, and who
shall rceeive an annual salary of S3,000. And tho
Attorney General of tho United States is hereby au-
thorized to employ in his ofiico, in addition to the
present force, a clcik to be known as tho law elcrk,
at an annual salary of 82,500. And the amount re-
quired to pay the salaries of the officer and dork
herein provided for, for tho fiscal year ending June
30, 1867, is hereby appropriated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to inform the
Senate that here i* another Solicitor provided
for one of the Departments. I made an effort
in the Senate, some days ago, to prevent the
multiplication of these attorneys in the various
Departments, and we had the sense of the
Senate at that time that they ought not to be
multiplied. But it seems each of the Depart-
ments deem it necessary to have an attorney
general attached to that Department. They
have one Solicitor of the Ireasury Depart-
ment, already. _ To that I suppose there is
really no objection. They need a Solicitor in
regard to the collcction of claims in that De-
partment ; and if this went no further than
that I should make no opposition to it. I am.
not disposed now to have another contest in
the Senate about it, but 1 wish to call attention
to it, and I certainly think it would bo better
for the public interests if the Committee on
Finance, which has these bills in charge, would
not insist upon multiplying the attorneys in the
different Departments. I suppose they think
theie is a necessity for this assistant in the
Treasury Department. I shall not move to
strike it out, and I shall not contend about it
any further than to say to the Senate that if
