1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i087
veys of the public lands; it provides for the
care and custody of your public buildings. It
is called the civil or miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill. Its passage is absolutely necessary
to carry on certain functions of the Govern-
ment. Now, what is proposed? The Senator
from Massaihusetts comes here with a bill that
the Committee on Finance have never consid-
ered and have had no opportunity to consider,
and proposes to load this bill upon our shoul-
ders so that we shall be compelled to take care
of it, and to represent the Senate in regard to
a bill providing for at least $300,000,000 at
this stage of the session. I ask, is that fair or
legitimate legislation ? Until recently things
of that kind were not done.
The Committee on Finance is opposed to this
bill, I believo, unanimously, not that wc love
the soldiers less than other Senators. I think
I have as warm a heart and as kind a feeling
for the soldiers who saved our country in this
war as my honorable friend from Indiana, who
always appeals to us so strongly in their behalf.
But we have other duties and other difficulties
to take care of. We have to look at another
aspect of th* affair; and in the present condi-
tion of our finances I say it is not wise to
assume this burden; yet it is proposed to put
this bill upon the back of the civil appropria-
tion bill at this stage of the session and force
a controversy with the House upon it. The
House passed a bill long ago on this subject
that will not take more than one third the sum
proposed by the Senate bill. It is framed upon
a correct principle; and why? It authorizes
a reduction for local bounties. Why should
not that bo done? You want to equalize to
the soldiers the bounty paid. Does it make
any difference to him whether he has received
that bounty from his State, his county, his
principal, his town, h^ city, or the nation?
None whatever. You cannot equalize this
among communities or cities. It is a bill for
equalizing bounties among soldiers. If a sol-
dier received $1,000 in the city of Boston and
entered into the service with that bounty in his
pocket, did it not answer his purpose just as well
as if he had received it from the hands of the
Government? My own impression always has
been' during the war that the United States
should not have granted any bounties except
the $100 bounty, which is a substitute for the
land grant heretofore given, but allowed the
local authorities to make up the bounty.
Another thing is to be considered. In dif-
ferent portions of our common country there
is a great difference in the value of money.
Thus in the West, §100 to a man in the State
of Indiana is worth as much as $200 to a man
irithe State of Massachusetts. Why? Because
the price of food, the price of raiment, the
price of the necessaries of life is much less in
an agricultural community.
Mr. LANE. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me to interrupt liim for one moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. LANE. I understand the Senator, then,
to be in favor of the bounty bill which passed
the House, which is the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa. If we can compromise
on that I shall be willing, if I can get noth-
ing more, to take that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated distinctly when
I rose that I was opposed to the system of the
equalization of bounties at the present session
and in the present condition of our finances;
but I am now talking about the amendment.
I say, if the Senator really wishes to equalize
bounties, he should base his bill upon the prop-
osition made by the House of Representatives,
because if local communities did pay to the
soldier money, it was just as good to him as if
it had been paid by the national Government.
When wc started out in this war we started
out with the proposition that the United States
should pay no bounties. The $100 was given
rather as the substitute for the quarter section
of land usually voted to our soldiers.
Mr. President, I find that my throat is so
much affected that really I ought, not to pro-
ceed ; but there are two or three other consid-
erations in this matter that I probably ought
to mention. This is not a debt. It is admitted
on all hands that we do not owe our soldiers
anything. It is said that no soldiers ever served
so well or deserved so well of their country.
That is true; but no soldiers were ever paid
SO well; no soldiers ever received so much
money per month; no soldiers ever received
such gratuities and bounties and aids, both
local and national; no soldiers were ever so
honored by any people in the world as our sol-
diers have been; no soldiers ever had theroad
to promotion open to them as ours have had;
and now many a gallant fellow who entered the
ranks as a common soldier bears upon his
shoulder the star of a brigadier and even the
double star of a major general. No soldiers
were ever so kindly treated. They are a part
of our community. They are our fathers and
brothers and kindred. Now it seems to me to
treat them as you would mercenary soldiers
who entered the service merely to gain money
is absurd. It is not the proper view to present
of this case. They entered into it in many
instances without regard to the money they
were to receive. In the early period of the
war I saw hundreds of the finest young men
of Ohio enter the service—men who wore en-
tirely independent, above want, who need not
have given a stroke of labor during their whole
lives—at eleven dollars a month, and they
served gallantly and well. The idea of trying
to equalize them or putting them upon the basis
of receiving money gratuities I am sure would
wound their pride. There are thousands of
such soldiers throughout the country who do
not ask your bounty.
I believe that more than ten, perhaps twenty
percent, of the money appropriated by this bill
will go into the hands of agents and attorneys;
it will never reach these soldiers; while the
fact of this increase of the public debt will, in
my judgment, tend to lower the price and value
of our securities, to derange the currency of
the country, and by increasing the public debt
increase the cost of all the necessaries of life.
The evils which will flow from it will be very
great indeed.
I therefore, in any aspect, am opposed to
this attempt to equalize the bounties; but if it
must be done, if the Senate have made up their
minds to do it, it is much wiser to take the
House proposition requiring the equalization
of the bounties upon the basis of a deduction
of the local bounties. If it is to be done, in
my judgment it ought to be done by a bill fully
discussed on its own merits and not hitched on
to an appropriation bill. Suppose this matter
does go over until next winter, will any harm
result? The Senator from Massachusetts says
these men cannot get their money for four
years. Then whatharm will be done by a post-
ponement? We will have time to consider it;
the Committee on Military AfTairsnvill have time
to reexamine this question and to mature a
proper bill; we will have new information on
the subject. We can have an estimate made
by the Paymaster General and by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury as to the
amount that will be necessary. We may then
be able to see our way through financially.
Our revenues may be larger than we antici-
pate ; our expenses may not be so great. No
harm can be done by laying this proposition
over until next winter, while now, just at this
critical moment, when there is so much uncer-
tainty, not only in our financial affairs, but
abroad, the passage of this measure, by show-
ing an utter disregard of«all these pecuniary
considerations, may seriously embarrass our
public credit.
I say that no harm can be done by putting
this measure over. The people of this coun-
try will never forget the services of their sol-
diers. They are showing everywhere, all over
the country, the highest appreciation of their
services. Soldiers are now filling your offices;
they are receiving your honors; and they will
always be regarded with favor and with affec- ,
tion. Your miserable bounty bill, while it may
embarrass the Government and derange our
finances, will scarcely be anvtliing to them.
Suppose you give to one of these gallant he-
roes $100 or $200, what will he cate for it?
If he is an able-bodied man, he has resumed
the ordinary occupations of his life, every-
where favored and befriended; if he is dead
and has left behind him a widow and children,
they are provided for by increased pensions;
so that in no view that 1 can take of this sub-
ject is it indispensable to pass this bill at this
time. If he is disabled, wounded, he is on your
pension-list. If the pension is not large enough
my friend from Indiana is the almoner of our
mercy and of our bounty in that regard, and
any bill that he introduces in regard to pen-
sions will pass, and his heart, is overflowing
with kindness toward these men.
I ask, therefore, is there any necessity or
pressure for this measure? None whatever.
To force us at this period of the session, at this
hour of the night to vote upon a bill of this
kind, without any opportunity to study its de-
tails, it seems to me is unwise legislation. If, how-
ever, the Senate are disposed to do it, I must,
in pursuance of the instructions I have received
and of my public duty, make some provision,
either that these bounties shall only be paid out
of the current revenue as it accrues and exceeds
our expenditure, or else we must meet the ques-
tion fairly and authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to borrow money to pay these boun-
ties. We all know that it is perfectly idle, in
addition to the enormous appropriations that
we are passing this session, which will absorb
the current revenue, to throw upon him this
large mass of unliquidated and unadjusted debt.
We must provide the ways and means of pay-
ing it if we propose to contract this liability.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The extreme injustice of
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa as
applied certainly to the State of Vermont, and
I do not know but to other States—they can
answer for themselves—compels me to enter
my dissent to that in particular. It is fair to
say, also, that I dissent from the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts; but that is
far better for my State than the amendment of
the Senator from Iowa. The State of Vermont
from the beginning, from the first soldier of
hers that entered the field—and I believe she
has never been accused of being behindhand in'
sending them there—provided by State tax for
every soldier an extra compensation of seven
dollars per month; so that every soldier of her
twenty thousand, or whatever her share might
have been—and it was filled—received from
month to month, as he was in the field per-
forming service, seven dollars per month from
the State in addition to his United States pay.
lie received at a time when it was fit and proper
that the faith and justice of the State should bo
exercised toward him because it was at a time
when, more than any other, himself and his
family whom he had left behind needed it. We
entered upon that scheme as an act of justice,
so that the dear ones who were left behind
should be provided for then. The result of it
is that it only leaves a compensation under this
amendment to all of our soldiers of one dollar
and a third per month and no more. Now, if
you take from that the United States bounty
that has been paid, of $100 in the first place,
and then of $200, $300, or $400 in later times,
according to the particular circumstances un-
der which each man enlisted, the result is that,
except in the accidental cases of death some-
times when the man did not servo out his term
and therefore his seven dollars per month
stopped, there is not a soldier of the State of
Vermont who will receive a penny of bounty
in pursuance of the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Iowa. Out of the $200,000,000 or
$300,000,000 that you propose to give to the
soldiers of the nation, the Vermont soldiers
will receive not one dollar. That is the '' equal-
ization" which they are to have under the pro-
vision so kindly offered by the Senator from
Iowa, and supported by the Senator from Ohio,
