1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
to have any reference to the law as it now ex-
ists, for we expect compliance with it, and reflect
upon no one by throwing out an imputation that
he will probably violate the law; the amend-
ment simply proposes to lay down as the future
rule upon this subject that no appointment shall
be made from any State which has been in re-
bellion until such State shall be regularly re-
habilitated by act of Congress, according to
what seems to be the settled policy of Congress,
at least with reference to the restoration of the
Union.
The gentleman yields the whole question
when he admits the provisions of the law to be
that appointments to West Point shall be made
with reference to the congressional districts.
Wo know the usage to be that the appointments
shall be made upon the nomination of the mem-
ber representing the district. I hold, therefore,
the appointment of cadets to West Point are
appointments incidental to the representation
of the districts in the several States here; and
whenever representation comes, then I say will
appointments to West Point as an incident
to that representation follow. Let each man
who is admitted here make his nomination as
is the ease with members from loyal districts,
and let that nomination be received and the
appointment made accordingly ; and when Mr.
Maynard, or Mr. Stokes, of Tennessee, or any
gentleman representing a district, comes in, I
would have him indicate who shall go to West
Point from his district. Neither the President,
nor the Secretary of War, nor anyone else can
complain when we lay down the rule in advance
and reflect upon nothing so far that has been
done by the Government.
Mr. BLAIN E. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. Will not the amendment! propose to
offer as a substitute entirely cut off the Presi-
dent from filling any one of these districts?
Can the President fill a solitary district under
it?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think it will.
Mr. SCJEtENCK. If the gentleman's pro-
posed amendment be identical with what he
characterizes as an illiberal and narrow-minded
proposition, what then is his object?
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I decline to yield.
Now, having defended the amendment against
the criticism of the gentleman from Maine, I
demand the previous question.
Mr. STEVEN'S. After the previous ques-
tion has been seconded, I shall claim my right
under tli e rule, having reported the bill, to speak
for a few minutes.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman to
yield to mo.
Mr. STEVENS. Not now.
Mr. Speaker, 1 shall occupy a moment in
consequence of the extraordinary remarks made
bv the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.]
lie characterizes the amendment in the worst
kind of terms. Before the South turned rebel,
the law as it was understood allowed to each
congressional district a cadet, on the nomina-
tion to the Department of the Representative of
that district. Such was the uniform practice,
and such now is the practice in the loyal States.
Members are notified when vaeancies happen
in their districts and are requested to nominate
to fill them. Such isthelaw. Now, when the
South went out and were no longer here there
was nobody who would fulfill the law and make
nominations. It may have been a misfortune,
as it was to some loyal men, to live under a,
government which was disloval and hostile to
the country; but they took the condition of the
men living in the district; all suffered alike.
Although they were free from punishment,
although they ought not to be punished per-
sonally for anything done there, yet there they
were; their destiny was bound up with the des-
tiny of the government die, facto under which
they lived.
The gentleman says I call them foreign gov-
ernments ; I call them alien to all the rights of
this Government while they are in that condi-
tion. It has been decided ail their citizens were
enemies according to the law of nations.
Now, sir, I object to the President or any-
body else going down there and selecting, against
the law, individuals, however innocent, and
giving them a preference beyond the law over
those of the North. I know the President and
several of the Secretaries did violate the law;
I do not say shamefully, as it was under a
misapprehension. I think the;/ appointed sev-
enty or eighty cadets, on the nomination of a
few Senators, from my district and other dis-
tricts when there was no power for it. This
provision is intended to correct that. It goes
no further than to put in plain language the
duties of the officers of the Government, so that
the States lately in rebellion shall not be enti-
tled to come in and have any of the privileges
of this Government until, as my friend says,
they are rehabilitated. 1 can understand how
men who think, as we all do here, that these
States are entitled to no privilege until declared
so by Congress will support the amendment.
I can also understand with what propriety the
politicians of a mixed character can vote for
the amendment of the gentleman from Maine;
but I cannot understand how we can stultify
ourselves by going for it.
Mr. BLAINE. In addition to the district ap-
pointments the President of the United States
is to appoint annually ten cadets atlaige. Now,
under the amendment would he have the power
to appoint as one of these the son of a loyal
man of East Tennessee, of Governor Brownlow
or any other? I want a distinct answer.
Mr. STEVENS. I shall give a distinct an-
swer. If the President wanted to appoint a
son of Scmmes or of J elf. Davis I would not
allow it. And as Tennessee is about to come
in of course she will not sutler. As she is the
object of so much lachrymose appeal we will
open the door for her, and if she will not come
in, why she will stay out I suppose. 1 hope we
shall rally on some proposition in spite of the
President and bring her in. And we shall do
it, I hope, unless we are defeated by the votes
of such members as the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blatxe.]
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman from.
Pennsylvania yield?
Mr. STEVENS. I am sorry to say I have
resumed my seat and cannot yield.
Mr. ROGERS. I demand the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on agreeing
to the amendment; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 89, nays 39, not voting 55;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Delos R. Ash-
Icy, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Baxter, Bcaman,
13enjamm, Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegce,
Bromwell, Brnouiall, I'uckland, Bundy, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Conklmg, Cook, Cullom, Defrces, Dom-
ing, Donnelly, Dumont, Eeklcy, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Karquhar, Ferry, Giinncll, Abiier C. Harding, Hart,
Hayes, Higby, Holmes, Asahel \V. Hubbard, Demas
Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard, .James It. Ilubbell, IIul-
burd, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kelley, Kelso,
Keteham, William Lawrence, Loan, Lvnch, MeClurg,
McKee, Mereur, Miller, Morris. Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Paine, Perhain, Pike, Price, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyei, Sehenek, Sco-
ficld. Sloan, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Fran-
cis Thomas, John Jj. Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernairi, Burt Van Horn, Elihu B. Washburno,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Windom—89. .
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Bergen, Blame, Brooks,
Chanler. Davis, Denison, Eldndge, Finck, Goodyear,
Grider, Aaron Harding. Hill, Hosan, Chester D. Hub-
baid, Edwin N. Hubboll, Kerr, Ivnykendall, Latham,
Marshall, MeCuUnugh, JlcRuer, Morrill, Niblack,
Phelps Radford, William H.Randall, Hitter, Rogers,
Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Taber, Taylor, Trimble,
Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Wasaburn, Wmheld,
and Woodbridgc—X). .
SOT VOTING—Messrs. Aneona. Baldwin, Barker,
Bidwell, Boyer, Reader W. Clarke, Colfroth, Culver,
Darling, Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Dixon, IJriggs,, bg-
gleston, Garfield, Glossbrcnner, Griswold, Hale, Har-
ris, Henderson, Hooper, Hotclikiss, J ames Humphrey,
James M. Humphrey, J ohnson, J ones, Ivasson. Lainn,
George V. Lawrence, LeBlond, Longyear^Marston,
Marvin, Mclndoe, Moorhead, Monlton, Nicholson,
Noell, Ortli, Patterson, Plants, Pomeroy, hamuel J.
Randall, Raymond, Rousseau, Shellabarger, Smith,
Stilwell, Slrou.se, Thornton, Ward, Warner, Whaley,
and Wright—55.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. THORNTON stated that he had paired
with Mr. Bakker.
The result having been announced as above
recorded, the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill; and being put there were—ayes 65, noes 29.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and to lay
that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Colonel William G. Moore, an-
nounced that the President had aproved an act
(H. R. No. 321) to amend an act entitled " An
act to prevent the spread of foreign disease
among the cattle of the United States," ap-
proved December 18, 1865.
MESSAGE If ROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed theHousc that the
Senate had passed an act (S. No. 121) provid-
ing for the enlargement of the Winnebago res-
ervation in the Territory of Nebraska, and fox-
other purposes, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order, the calling of the committees for
reports, commencing with the Committee for
the District of Columbia.
WASHINGTON' SEWERAGE
Mr. INGERSOLL. The Committee for the
District of Columbia have had under consider-
ation House bill No. 288, to establish a com-
plete and uniform plan of sewerage in the
city of Washington, and to provide for such
improvement and regulation of the tide-water
front of said city and of the canals and natural
water-courses passing through the same as may
be necessary for the public health of said city,
and the general interest thereof, and have di-
rected me to report back the same with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute; which
I ask to have recommitted, and priuted.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 would like to_ know
whether the gentleman means to bring it back
on a motion to reconsider.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I did not.
Mr. CONKLING. In order that there may
be no doubt about it, I move to reconsider the
motion to recommit the bill, and to lay that
motion on the table.
'The question being put on the motion of Mr.
Coxklixg, no quorum voted.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Conkling and Isgersoll.
The House divided, and the tellers reported-
ayes 09, noes 54.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I do not think the con-
dition of this question is understood by the
House, judging from the many interrogatories
put to mo by members while passing through
the tellers. I wish the Chair would again
state it. , T -
Mr. CONKLING. Nor do I think it is un-
derstood as to the amount involved in it. I
believe it is $150,000,
Mr. INGERSOLL. There is no such appro-
priation in this bill. .
The SPEAKER. Discussion is out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask to
have the bill read.
TheSPEAKERrestatedthecondition ot the
question.
The Clerk read the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the mo-
tion of Mr. Conkling.
