1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2167
tion, but it was to balance against the great
State of Michigan, and the act was always
regretted afterward.
Mr. President, is there any political necessity
upon us to force us to adopt this bad precedent,
a precedent which has been condemned by all
just-thinking men in the case of the admission
of Florida and the admission of Arkansas with
their small, insignificant population as States
in this Union? That was then pressed as a
necessity in order to balance off slave States
with free States. They must, it was supposed,
be admitted in pairs. Is there any such neces-
sity now, when every State in the Union is a
free State and no State in the Union is a slave
State? Why should we do this great wrong?
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ? What was the excuse for
admitting Oregon with a small population ?
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. What was the popula-
tion of Oregon ?
Mr. NYE. Very small when the act of
admission was passed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was alleged, if I re-
member aright, that Oregon contained a popu-
lation of from forty thousand to sixty thousand
when it was admitted, and thdt was many years
ago, when the ratio of representation was not
as high by one third as it is now. When Wis-
consin was admitted she had three Representa-
tives. When Minnesota was admitted she had
two. When Michigan was admitted I believe
she was admitted with two Representatives.
Iowa, when admitted, had a sufficient popula-
tion to be entitled to two Representatives. If,
as is alleged, Colorado possesses such vast and
boundless fields of agricultural and pastoral
lands, if, as is alleged, her mountains are full
of mines, we need not wait very long. Now
that peace is once more established upon the
plains, in the course of one, two, or three years
Colorado raay fill up sufficiently with a popu-
lation to be able to bear the burdens of a State
government. We may then pass an enabling
act and submit the question to the people of
Colorado, and determine whether or not she
ought to be admitted into the Union.
Mr. President, there is another consideration
that ought not to be forgotten. When the
election was held in September, 1864, to de-
termine whether they would come into the
Union or not, it was held, under valid law, so
that persons who were guilty of the crime of
voting when they were not entitled to vote or
who were guilty of perjury at the election might
be punished ; but when this voluntary election
was held in 1805, it was without law, without
any authority, it was just as void as any other
assembling of the people without any authority
of law. Hundreds and thousands, perhaps,
might not have voted at all at such an election,
regarding it as an election without force ; the
Mexican portion of the population, in the south-
ern part of the Territory, may not have voted
at all, and in other districts they may not have
voted.
Mr. President, I certainly see no snch neces-
sity, political necessity or any other necessity,
for the admission of this State at this time as
to justify us in doing it. I know it is some-
times claimed that the enabling act has pledged
the good faith of Congress that they shall be
admitted. Sir, that enabling act was passed
in the belief that there were at the time of its
passage from forty to sixty thousand people in
Colorado. The chairman of the Committee on
Territories stated to the Senate that that was
the amount of the population of Colorado at the
time. That was a great mistake. It is proved
by the census that there were but 25,000; and
if Congress were deceived; if Congress were
imposed upon; or if Congress in mistake of the
fact passed an enabling act by which they could
form a constitution and come into the Union it
does not lie in the mouth of the people of Col-
orado or any one else to say that there is any
want of good faith on our part after the people
of Colorado have exhausted the powers under
the enabling act, and the law itself has had its
effect. Until some act of Congress has been
passed, the faith of this Government is not
pledged anew to the people of Colorado that
if they held another election we should admit
them as a State into the Union. Sir, they come
here precisely as if they had originated a con-
stitution without any enabling act. An enabling
act is not necessary to the existence of a State
or to its admission in the Union; but when the
people of a Territory proceed without an ena-
bling act they must show themselves in a proper
condition to satisfy Congress that they can
assume the responsibilities and duties of a State
government. They do not show it. The con-
trary is shown. They do not show a popula-
tion amounting to one quarter of what is suffi-
cient to entitle them to a member of Congress.
For these reasons I am opposed to the recon-
sideration of this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President——-
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Indiana
allow me a short time on a question upon which
my colleague has spoken ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, the State of
Wisconsin and the action of her Legislature
and the action of the last convention which
assembled in that State representing the party
which sent my colleague and myself here have
been referred to to-day, and were referred to
yesterday, and on one or two previous occa-
sions, and referred to in a manner which seems
to me to demand some attention from myself.
Mr. President, of course I am not here to
say that ray colleague is not perfectly justified
in his own judgment for each and every one of
the votes he has given since he has been a rep-
resentative of the State of Wisconsin here; but
when he goes farther than that, and not only
assumes but asserts that he stands justified for
these votes by the action of the last State con-
vention held in the State of Wisconsin repre-
senting the Union party, or by any convention
which ever assembled in that State represent-
ing that party, 1 think he assumes too much and
asserts what the record of that convention will
not substantiate. There was nothing, as I
recollect the action of that convention, which
could justify either of the votes which my col-
league has given during the present session of
Congress on which he has differed from the
great body of his political friends about him.
I ought not to speak very confidently on this
point, perhaps. My colleague ought to be
presumed to know better what, was the action
of that convention than I myself. It is true,
as he has stated, that he was a member of that
convention. I believe he was the chairman of
the committee which drew and reported the
resolutions adopted by that convention. If I
mistake upon any of these points, he will of
course correct me. He was, therefore, a promi-
nent member of that convention. I was not a
member of it at all. He saw the whole of it,
and he was a great part of it, I think; but still
I believe I cannot be mistaken in saying that
the resolutions adopted by that convention can-
not be urged here as authority for some of the
votes which he has given.
I heard this, as T thought, asserted by my
colleague yesterday on the floor, and I have
looked for a copy of those resolutions this
morning to see what there was in them that
could be held up here as a justification for these
votes of which the recent Legislature of Wis-
consin has complained. I have not been able
to find a copy of the resolutions, but I find one
of them in a speech which my colleague him-
self made in the Senate on the 17th of January,
1 think—at least some time in January. Prob-
ably that resolution goes as far to justify the
votes which have been commented upon in the
State of Wisconsin as anything to be found in
the whole series. Let me reproduce that
resolution:
" That the animus which caused the late rebellion
against the United States was born of the pride ar.d
ambition of an aristocracy founded upon slavery,
which the war and the emancipation proclamation
of President Lincoln has rightfully destroyed; and
we deem it essential to the regeneration of the late
slave but now free States that they should in good
faith accept their new constitution as free States, not
only by abolishing slavery in their Slate constitu-
tions, but by the ratification by their Legislatures of
the amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, submitted by Congress and now pending,
which forever abolishes .slavery in every Sta,te, and
empowers Congress to pass all laws necessary to se-
cure liberty to all the people, black and white. By its
adoption the cause of the rebellion will bo removed,
slavery destroyed, liberty established upon a founda-
tion which neither State, nor President, nor Con-
gress, nor court, nor change of parties can shake; as
enduring as the globe itself. By its adoption all the
people of those States, all the world will know that
they accept freedom as their situation and give up
slavery, and all hope of restoring slavery, forever."
Now, I think my colleague will agree with
me that there is nothing in the whole series of
resolutions passed by that convention which
comes nearer to an indorsement of the par-
ticular votes of his which have been complained
of than the resolution I have just read. I think
I shall do my colleague no injustice if I remark
that he himself was the author of that resolu-
tion, and I am certain that I do neither him
nor the resolution itself any injustice when I
say that right there in that resolution is found
authority for every proposition which has been
advocated by any one on this floor, and which
has been denounced as radical, as disunion,
and as disloyal. Mr. President, there and then,
and through that very resolution which I have
just read, my colleague instructed the people
of Wisconsin and the people of the Union that
to reorganize those communities down there, it
was necessary, not indeed for them to put the
ballot into the hands of black or white men,
into the hands of one class or another, but that
it was necessary for them to do certain things,
to incorporate certain provisions into their own
constitutions, and to assent to an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States. Did he
ever instruct the people of Wisconsin, or would
he, without repudiation and indignant rebuke,
have allowed anybody else to say to the people
of Wisconsin, that the United States could tell
them to put a paragraph or a word into their
constitution, or to strike it out; have allowed
the United States to tell Wisconsin that she
must assent to one proposition or another as a
part of the Constitution of the United States?
Certainly not. No one yet has ventured to tell
any State in allegiance to the Government of
the United States what sort of constitution she
shall form, or what sort of amendments she
must incorporate into the Constitution of the
United States.
I am not controverting the truth of what was
asseited in that resolution at that time; but I
do say to my colleague, to you, sir, to the Sen-
ate, and to the world, if they would only listen,
that tlie power which can tell the State of
Georgia or the State of Alabama to assent to
an amendment of the Federal Constitution, or
to incorporate any especial provision into her
own local constitution, can do all things that
we have been asked to do, and can make them
put anything else into their constitution, or
assent to the putting of auything else into our
Constitution that we believe to bo right. If
you find anywhere the authority to say to the
people of Georgia or Florida, "You must in-
corporate one amendment into the Constitution
of the United States before you can be restored
to the roll of States," you can tell them to
incorporate anything else into that Constitu-
tion. Instead, therefore, of this resolution
affording a justification for the votes which my
colleague has given, or for those peculiar views
which he has urged here, and which have been
complained of in our Stale, I must say again,
as I said before, that I think it affords the most
ample justification for every proposition which
lias been urged by the great majority of his
political friends here, and which he has com-
plained of as radical if not revolutionary.
Mr. President, the minority of the com-
mittee appointed by that convention to draft
resolutions did, as I understand, ask the con-
vention to adopt two resolutions, ©ne declaring
in favor of admitting negroes to the right ot
suffrage in Wisconsin ; and I do not recollect
the phraseology of the other resolution, but it
was to the effect that they ought to be admitted
to the right of suffrage in this southern insur-
rectionary portion of the country. My col-
league says that those resolutions were laid
