144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
furnish the basis of republican governments to
these' States; and that it has become the busi-
ness of the United States to guaranty such gov-
ernments to them. They attack the President
who hold that in these acts of the Executive,
in creating new constitutions, he did so in vio-
lation and disregard of living constitutions and
republican governments already there. I do
not attack him. If, indeed, these old State con-
stitutions had, on the 29th of May, 1865, re-
sumed their sway over those States, as the new
ehampions of the President in this House allege,
then indeed has the man they champion, in dis-
regarding and superseding these constitutions,
become usurper. Well may the patriotic ex-
ecutive head of .this nation repeat once more
the chronic prayer which, in all ages, weak
adulation has extorted from men in power,
"Deliver me from my friends."
supreme COVRT's position.
But I go 011. I now show that the third or
judicial branch of the Government is, by solemn
andunanimousjudgmenfs, twice repeated, com-
mitted, in principle, to the same exact conclu-
sions.
But in presenting these high arguments—the
judgments of the Supreme Court—let me make
them at once serve the double end of making
utterly conclusive and complete the position
that a State may cease to have the governing
rights of States by reason ofrebellion, and ofalso
answering what is urged so much as to the logi-
cal and practical consequences of that position.
An able statement of these objections has
been laid on our tabic. Their effect is—
1. That it admits that a State may secede.
2._That, as a consequence of this, Jefferson
Davis cannot be punished for treason any more
than the Governor of Canada could be.
3. That if we admit the rebels '''were to be
regarded as belligerents," then when we take
them back we become liable for their debts.
-1. Thai individuals and not the States forfeit
their rights by treason.
In enforcing these objections my friend from
New York [Mr. Raymond] says :
"If they woro out of the Union, when did they be-
come so ? They were once States in the Union. If
they went out of the Union it was at some specific
time and by some specific act."
Before the Supreme Court shall be made to
answer, as it will, each one of these objections,
permit me, Mr. Chairman, to allude to them:
and first to this question about the "specific
act," which thegentlemanfromNew York [Mr.
Raymond] asks. In respectfully answering his
let me ask and answer some questions of sim-
ilar legal aspect.
I ask when and by what specific act docs
"tumult" become "'war" in law? 1 answer, in
the language of Chief Justice Marshall, vvlieii it,
in fact, assam.es " warlike array and strength."
What in a civil war is the specific act and time
which changes, in law, an '' insurrectionary par-
ty" imoa "belligerent?" I answer, in the lan-
guage of the Supreme Court, when in fact •'the
regular course of justice is interrupted byre-
volt, rebellion, orinsurrccfion, so that the courts
of justice cannot, bo kept open.'' When, in lav/,
does a revolt become civil war? 1 answer, in
the language of Wheaton. when "the insurrec-
tion becomes, in fact, so strong as no longer to
obey the sovereign, and to be, able by war to
make head against him." When, in law, and
by what specific act, did the entire population
of Virginia, including the loyal men. cease to
be "friends," and become "enemies of the
•United States?''1 I answer, when, in fact, they
became '' belligerents.''
If these answers by the highest authorities in
the world do not still answer what "'specific
act" deprived South Carolina of every right
and power of a State, then I further answer
him that it was that specific act which turned her
citizens into traitors, took from her the loval
courts, statutes. Constitution, tribunals, officers,
and Legislature, and which filled thc-ir places
with treason and kept it there. And if the gen-
tleman si ill desires to know the specific time
when this happened, it will answer all the pur-
poses of my argument to reply that it happened
about four years before the time when he has
told us it did, to wit, before she'' surrendered.''
The destruction and supersedure of all loyal
government and law in South Carolina was a
fact, not a law. It was this fearful "fact"
which made her cease to be a State governing
this Union, and not any ordinance of secession.
The distinguished gentleman to whom I have
alluded states the fourth objection which I have
named in these words:
"The people of a State may, by treason, forfeit
thoir rights, but in a legal point of view they have no
power to affect the condition of a State in the Union."
That is, turned out of metaphysics into Eng-
lish, every inhabitant of a State may, bytreason,
come to have no political rights or powers what-
ever as individuals except the right to be hung;
but the same individuals, put into a bundle and ;
called a body-politic or State, have all political
rights and powers, and can govern this Union!
Now, a plain man would have difficulty in being
able to see a living, acting, ruling State where
there was no constitution, court, or law, and
where there were no inhabitants, all these hav-
ing been hung for treason. Such a man would
be dull enough to conclude that if you hung for
treason all the people required to make up the
body-politic called a State the State would at
least be in affliction.
But, Mr. Chairman, it was unfortunate for
this distinction between the political State and
its people that it has repeatedly encountered
the ordeal of the Supreme Court and has been
utterly discarded by it.
Ill 3 Dallas, 93, that court says:
"A distinction is taken at bar between a State and
the peoplo of a State. It is a distinction I am not
capable of comprehending. By a State forming a
republic, (speaking of it as a moral person,) I <lo not
mean the Legislature of the State, the Executive of
the State, or the judiciary, but all the <-sli/;-ns which
compose the Stale, and are, if I may .-o express my-
self, integral parts ol it, all together forming a body-
politic. "
The same repudiation of a distinction between
a body-politic and its individual members is in
the "Prize Cases" hereafter cited.
Two years before theobjections I have quoted
were so ably uttered, they had been pressed,
with learning, zeal, and ability equal to his,
upon the consideration of the Supreme Court
in these "Prize Cases," (2 Black, 035,) and
had been discarded unanimously by that court,
nine judges sitting, including Taney. I say it
was unanimous because aii the court agree that
after the passage of 1 he act, of Congress of ] 3th
July, ly(il, recognizing the existence of the war,
every inhabitant of the rebel States became
"enemies" of the United States and "belli-
gerents."
I affirm that the reasoning and judgment of
this case settle and establish each one of the
following propositions:
1. From the seventh paragraph of the Sylla-
bus (page 680j I quote and alarm that the'lato
"civil war between the United States and the
so-called confederate States," had "such char-
acter and magnitude as to give the United
States the same rights and powers which they
might exercise in the case of a foreign war."
2. From the niulli paragraph of the same
Syllabus 1 quote and affirm thai "all persons
residing within the territory occupied by the
hostile (rebel) party in this contest were liable
to be treated as enemies though not foreigners."
8. I affirm again, quoting from the opinion
of the court (page G73) that "it is a proposition
never doubted that the belligerent party who
claims to be sovereign way exercise both belli-
gerent and sovereign rights."
4. I affirm that precisely the same objection
was urged in this case as those I have quoted;
and were stated by the court in these words,
" that insurrection is the act of individuals and
not of the government or sovereignty," and
"that the individuals engaged arc the subjects
of law,' and "that secession ordinances are
nullities and ineffectual to release any citizen
from his allegiance."
To these objections the Supreme Court re-
plies :
"Thi.-t ^argument rests on the assumption of two
propositions, each of which is without foundation >
upon the established law of nations. It, assumes that
where a eh il war exists the party belligerent claim-
ing to be sovereign cannot, for some unknown reason,
exercise the rights of belligerents, though-the revo-
lutionary party may."
Again the court replies to those objections in
the following words, the court italicising the
words:
"In organizing this rebellion they have acted as
States claiming to bo sovereign over all persons and
property." **
In December,1865, the ten judges (2 Wallace,
404)unanimously decided the same thing; that
all the inhabitants, guilty and innocent, became
belligerents and "enemies" of these United
States.
The results of these two decisions are that
these rebel States,  
1. Actcd as States in organizing the rebellion.
2. That all their citizens, innocent and guilty,
were thereby made "enemies of the United
States."
3. That though they became " enemies" that
did not make them'' foreign'' States so as that
when wc take them back we must pay their debts.
4. That, as the court decides that the United
States may exercise overthese people both '1 bel-
ligerent" and "sovereign" rights, therefore we
may, as sovereign, try Davis for treason, al-
though we did treat and hold these States as an
"enemy's" country.
5. As these States became '' enemies''' terri-
tory, and all persons residing within it became
"enemies of the United States," they cannot
at the same time have been a people having any
political rights to govern in this Union, unless
indeed this Union can be governed by a body of
people, every one of whom are held by its law
to be the'' public enemies of the United States.''
Mr. DEM INCr. I would respectfully ask my
friend from Ohio if he has any authorities on
his minutes i'or the purpose of vindicating the
position that the sovereign in a civil war may
exorcise both sovereign and belligerent lights?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. If I understand
the exact legal purport of the question asked
by the distinguished gentleman, (and in refer-
ence to pure legal questions he knows as a law-
yer right well that he who speaks on legal ques-
tions must talk well or not talk at ail,) 1 an-
swer that I find authority in the prize cases to
which I allude, that a sovereign may exercise
both belligerent and sovereign rights.
Mr. DEMINGr. I recognize the force of the
decisions in the prize easts, but I appeal to my
friend for the purpose of ascertaining whether
he has fortified that opinion which he expresses,
fhat in a civil war the sovereign may exercise
sovereign as well as belligerent right's, outside
ot the authorities quoted in the prize cases.
Mr. SilELLABA RGER. 1 now apprehend
the question of the gentleman, and 1 thank him
for asking it, for it furnishes me an opportunity
of saying that I have looked through the au-
thorities on this subject, and in the modern and
respectable authorities of the world I find no
dissenting voice. The doecrine will be found
not only in the text and notes of Wheaton, but
in Vattel. in Ward, in Halieck, and Bello.
Mr. DEMING. I would ask my friend if
he has looked over the notes in Lawrence's
Wheaton for the purpose of seeing the conflict-
ing authorities which Lawrence there quotes
on this specific point; that is to say. in a civil
war it is incompetent for the sovereign to cx-
ercise bolh civil and belligerent rights.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I answer the gen-
tleman that I have looked through those notes
carefully and thoroughly, and that while, il'my
memory is not now at fault. I find some unim-
portant conflict of authority, I do not find any
conflict that at ail impairs the force of settled
law as established in the prize cases.
Sir, it is a weak and inadequate statement of
the truth to say that he mocks the law. offends
the loyal sense of the people, and insults their
common sense who affirms that that people or
those Stales had any rights of government in
this Union, every man, woman, and child of
whom have been pronoun cod by t wo unati imous
judgments of the*Supreme Cotirt of the Repub-
lic to be, in contemplation of the supreme law
