1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
The question was taken on Mr. Costkling' a
motion ; and it was decided in the affirmative
—yeas 70, nays 53, not voting 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, James M. Ashley, Baker,
Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwcll, Bingham,
Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Brand egee, Broomall, Bundy,
Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Cook, Deming, Driggs, Da-
inont, Eckley, Eliot, Ferry, Abner C. Harding, Hayes,
Hill, Holmes, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd, James
Humphrey, Julian, Kelley, Kelso, ICetcham, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, McCiurs;, McKce, Mil-
ler, Morrill, Morris, Newell, Paine, Patterson, Per-
ham, Pike, Price, Alexander II. llice, John II. Rice,
Rollins, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Spald-
ing, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, Burt'Van Horn, ElihuB.Washtrarne, Henry
D.Washburn, William B. Washburn, Wentworth,
Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Winfield—TO.
NAYS—Messrs. Alloy, Ames, Baldwin, Bergen,
Brooks, Chanlor, Cobb, Davis, Denison, Eldndge,
Farnsworth. Farouhar, Fmck, Goodyear, Grider,
Aaron Harding, Hart, i-Iogan, Chester D. Hubbard,
James E. Hubboll, Ingersoll, Jcnekes, Kuykondail,
Latham, Marshall, Marvin, McCulIough, Morcur,
Myers, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Orth, Rad-
ford, Raymond, Hitter, Rogers, Ross, Rousseau,
Schenck, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Stilwell, Tabor, Tay-
lor, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, Warnei-, Welker, and Whaley—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, Banks, Barker, Boyer, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Reader W. Clarke, ColtVoth, Cullom, Culver,
Darling, Dawes, Dawson, Delrees, Delano, Dixon,
Donnelly, Egglcston, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Grin-
ncll, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Henderson, Iligby,
Hooper, Hotchkias, Dcmas Hubbard, John II. llub-
bard.Edwin N.Hubbell, JamesM. Humphrey, John-
son, Jones,Knsson, Kerr, Lalbn.Georgo V. Lawrence,
Le Blond, Lougyear, Mnibton, Melndoe, Mcllucr,
Moorhead, Moulton, Phelps, Plants, Pomeroy, Sam-
uel J.Randall, William H. Randall, Smilh, Btrouse,
Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, .lames F. Wil&on, Win-
dom, Woodbridge, and Wright—60.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon
tho table.
WASHINGTON FUlIS DEPARTMENT.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
amendments, bill of the House No. 183, con-
cerning the lire department of Washington
city.
Tho bill provides that the right to have, use,
and occupy the several buildings, with their
appurtenances, known as the Union, Frank-
lin, Columbia, and Anacosta engine-houses, bo
granted to the city of Washington, District of
Columbia ; said possession and occupation to
continue as long as they shall be used for the
purposes of the fire department, and the pleas-
ure of the Congress of the United States ; and
that in the event of the city of Washington be-
ing deprived of such possession and occupa-
tion by tho General Government, the cost and
expenses of ali substantial improvements made
to said buildings shall be repaid by the General
Government.
The committee reported an amendment to
strike out t3ie words—
Tho cost and expense of all substantial improve-
ments in ado to said buildings by said city to ho re-
paid by tho Government.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
The United Shites.-diall payto the city of Washing-
ton the then existing value of such improvements as
shall have been niado thereon after the
this act.
ao passage of
The amendment, was agreed to.
The committee reported a further amend-
ment to add to the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That the said it?o and occupancy of tho
Columbia eiiKmo-houyo shall not in any wny in-
tcrl'exe ynth tho possession and occupancy by tho
Columbia Kirn Company of the room now used as a
library in said buiidiug.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I should like to know why
the Government is to pay this.
Mr. CONKLING. And so should I like to
know it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Within the last year or
two a new steam fire department has been
inaugurated in this city, superseding the old
fire department authorized by Congress. The
new fire department of the city desire now to
build houses sufficient for the protection of the
new steam engines and the watchmen and
horses attached to them, and they desire to
make them of a permanent character. The
Government owns the ground upon which the
old fire department had its buildings, engines,
and so on. The Government are now willing, as
the committee report, to permit the use and
occupation of these lots for the new fire de-
partment, suffering them to put upon them such
permanent buildings as may be necessary, and
if the Government ever desires to reoccupy
this ground and repossess itself of these lots,
the bill simply provides that the Government
shall pay the additional value given by the
expenses incurred by the city government of
Washington after the passage of this act.
The Government may never wish to repos-
sess itself of these lots; it is not likely they
ever will. They have been used by the old fire
department for forty years without being dis-
turbed bythe Governmentof the United States;
and they will probably continue to be so used
by the fire department. If, however, the oc-
casion shall arise when the Government shall
think it advisable to repossess itself of these
lots, or of any one or more of them, this bill
proposes that the Government shall pay the
city for tho increased value of the lots in con-
sequence of the expense put upon them by the
city government. That is all.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do notknowthat I should
have found any difficulty if the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ixghrsoix] had brought in a bill
granting in fee-simple these lots to the city.
But this bill seems to provide for connecting
the General Government in operations with tho
city government, and after awhile, when they
want another change, the Government will have
to pay for these improvement,s, while they go
off somewhere else. I would rather a great
deal that tho gentleman should bring in a bill
giving these lots to the city in fee-simple, and
let the Government have no further responsi-
bility about it. 1 do not understand the bill
fully; but are we not now to pay something?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Nothing; not a cent.
Neither are we ever to pay anything at the
option of the city government. But if the
United States Government, for some special
purpose, shall desire to repossess itself of ono
or more of these lots, the committee thought
it but fair that the city should be paid for the
permanent increased value caused by the im-
provements made by tho city government. 'The
committee supposed it was for the benefit of
the Government to add this provision. If tho
House think it better to give these lots in fee-
simple to tho city, the committee will have no
particular objection to it.
Mr. STEVENS. If the lots are not needed
by the Government, then lot us give them at
once to the city; and let the city build what
it pleases on them, and hold us to 110 contin-
gent responsibility.
Mr. INGEKSOLL. There is no responsi-
bilily resting upon the Govennment at this
time. But it was thought possible that the
Government might one day want some of
these lots, although we could not imagine any
purpose- for which they are likely to be re-
quired by the Government.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 would like to under-
stand one thing about this bill. * I would like
to know, if I may, whether I am wrong in sup-
posing this to bo true: in the first place, the
Government gives to the city of Washington,
as to occupation at least, these lots. In the next
place the city of Washington goes on, and by
assessment upon these and other lots belonging
to the Government raises money and makes
improvements. And then the bill provides that
whenever the city shall be disturbed in this oc-
cupation, not merely deprived of thepossession,
but disturbed in the occupation hereby granted,
the General Government is to pay back to the
city of Washington whatever amount the city
may have choson to raise by assessment upon
the property of the Government and upon other
property and expend for these improvements.
Is not that the effect of this bill?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Conklixg,] 1 think, will find
himself in error in regard to Government prop-
erty being assessed at all for taxes by the city.
Mr. CONKLING. Is it not taxed for local
improvements ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir; exceptforgrad-
ing and improving the streets near the Govern-
ment reservations.
Mr. CONKLING. Then it amounts to this:
that whenever in any way the city of Washing-
ton shall be deprived of the occupancy it now
has of these lots, upon that contingency the
Government is to pay back to the city what-
ever has been raised by assessment upon their
property and expended in these improvements.
For one, 1 agree entirely with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that we had better give the
property out and out, instead of putting our
hand, as it were, into the machinery, to be
drawn in we do not know how far.
Mr. INGERSO LL. I wish to correct a mis-
apprehension on the part of the gentleman from
New York. The proposition is only to pay the
value of the improvements on the property at
the time when the Government may wish to
repossess itself, not what may have been ex-
pended upon the property.
I can state on the part of the committee, that
the corporation of Washington would much
prefer to have the lots in fee-simple, relieving
the Government of all liability in every way.
If any gentleman will offer a proposition of that
kind, it, would be accepted most cheerfully.
Mr. STEVENS. If I had an amendment
prepared, I would offer it. The bill has not
been printed, I believe.
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Let it go over and be
printed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I dislike to let the bill
go over.
Mr. 11ICE, of Maine. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia whether it is proposed to occupy for
these purposes any lots now otherwise occu-
P1Mr. INGERSOLL. None.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Ilow many lots are
there?
Mr. INGERSOLL. The Clerk will answer
that. There are three or live. They are all
named in tho bill.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Are we to understand
the gentleman as sayingthat the committee do
not know where these lots are located ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. They cannot describe
them by metes and bounds; they know about
where they are. It is not material where they
are.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Have the committee
examined the lots?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir; they have not.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Then, Mr. Speaker,
I for one should be opposed, without more in-
formation on the subject, to giving away these
lots; and I should also be opposed to granting
this power for the corporation of Washington
to put on those lots extensive improvements,
so that if the time should come when the Gov-
ernment should want to occupy these lots we
should be obliged to take them at a valuation
to be made in this city. I should also like to
have information about tho size of these lots.
It seems to me that we should not act in the
dark.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It does not
appear from the remarks of my colleague [Mr.
Ingersoix] what is the amount of the property
we are voting away.
Mr. INGERSOLL. As the lots were in the
first place a donation to the Government of the
United States, the question which the gentle-
man suggests is not so very material, particu-
larly as the lots have been occupied for the
last forty or fifty years by these fire companies.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will allow me, I will make a motion to
recommit the bill with instructions to bring in
a detailed report. I should like to vote upon
the subject understandingly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot yield for that
purpose. ' Does the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stkvexs] desire to offer an amend-
ment ?
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest that the bill be
