1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I conclude, therefore, that I am abundantly
justified in saying that to each one ot the
measures upon which he has given a vote
which has occasioned regret in our State he
had previously given his assent. And now 1
think I have a right, and I think it is my duty,
to plead these facts in defense, not of myself,
nor by way of prosecuting my colleague for one
moment 01' by one inch, but to plead tliem in
justification of the action of the recent Legis-
lature of Wisconsin. He asserts that that
Legislature, in instructing him to resign or
instructing him as to his votes, have themselves
violated instructions given to them by the con-
vention from which he says they originated.
In the first place, 1 think, it is fair to say that
the members of the Legislature are in no way
bound by the action of that convention. The
members of the Legislature represent precisely
the same constituency that the convention did.
They do not take instructions from any con-
vention. It would be fair to say this, perhaps,
of officers elected by the State and selected by
the convention; but the members who repre-
sented that State in its Senate and in its House
of Representatives were not selected by that
convention, do not represent it, are not respon-
sible to it. Secondly, 1 say once more, what I
have already said, that the convention from
which he says that Legislature sprang gave no
. such instructions as he has appealed to.
Mr. President, I believe this is all I need say
in defense of the Legislature of Wisconsin. I
cannot quit the subject without saying once
more that my purpose iu saying this is not in
any way to atlack my colleague. I thought I
was bound to say something in defense of the
Legislature. I believe they acted in entire good
faith. 1 believe the difference of opinion which
has developed between them and my colleague
has occasioned them heartfelt regret; but that
they have represented the loyal—no, I will not
use that term now, speaking of political parties—
that they have represented the Union party of
that State, 1 must be allowed to say there is no
longer any room or any excuse for denying.
That should be conceded. It has become the
fashion, which my honorable friend from Ne-
vada [Mr. Nye] yesterday legitimated—it never
was legitimate before—to read from letters ex-
tensively. As I received one yesterday from
a gentleman who never allowed himself to be
called anything but a Democrat until this war
broke out, a gentleman holding a very high
official position in our State, a position assigned
to liim by the Democratic party, and holding
it in a very strong Democratic neighborhood
and district, I feel tempted here, upon this
point and in this connection, to lead one para-
graph. He has been known in our State since
the rebellion broke out as a war Democrat, so
classified in the nomenclature of parties in that
State. He says:
"The Union party, including the war Democrats
stand by Congress in Wisconsin, and no palavering
wilt wheedle our people on this simple issue. We arc
for reconstruction on the busis of justice, and not for
the incorporation of the rebel element without either
reconstruction or justice. Congress is right and the
President wrong ou this issue."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What is the name?
Mr. IIOWB. My colleague asks me the
name of the writer of this letter. I think I
have described him so well that my colleague
cannot be mistaken as to who he is; but I think
every gentleman will see that I ought not to
repeat his name because I have no authority
for repeating it. 1 do not think he would hes-
itate to be held responsible for every sentiment
that is there contained; but still, without hav-
ing the authority to use his name, I certainly
should not do so.
So much in reference to the State of Wis-
consin and to the action of her Legislature; and
being, very much to my regret, on the floor, I
believe I ought to say a word or two about the
proposed State of Colorado. I would not allude
to the subject only that I believe the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Johxsox] rather insists
that that is the pending question. [Laughter.]
Mr DOOLITTLE. My colleague will allow
me, before he enters on that subject, simply to
say that I will not now take the time or ask the
time of the Senate to discuss this question
between the Legislature of Wisconsin and my-
self until those resolutions arrive here which it
has been said were passed ; but at some time I
will take up the question and then I will con-
sider the subjects which my colleague has to-day
presented. I simply intended to reply to-day
to what was stated by my honorable friend from
Nevada [Mr. N ris] yesterday; but my colleague
has gone into some two or three other matters;
and when the resolutions come here, I will ex-
press myself in full upon the whole subject and
will reply to what my colleague has said.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, that is all per-
fectly satisfactory, of course. I declared that
I was about to say a few words on the pending
question ; but I am aware that I took the floor
from my friend from Indiana, and I took it for
the purpose of making this explanation, speak-
ing on a point really irrelevant to the issue.
I do not think I have a right to keep it for any
other purpose, and I now yield it to the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, I
do not propose to enter at any considerable
length into the general discussion of the subject
before the Senate. I rise more especially for
the purpose of performing an act of justice
toward an old, long-tried, trusted, and true
friend, whom I have known for thirty years.
If the distinguished Senator froi  Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumker] had contented himself yes-
terday with referring simply to considerations
growing out of the condition of Colorado and
what he regards as the exceptionable features in
the constitution of that State, I should not have
felt bound or called upon to say one word fur-
ther in the discussion of this subject.
The Senator from Massachusetts undertook,
however, to disparage statements contained in
the pamphlet signed by the two Senators-elect
from Colorado by reference to the report of
the committee on the conduct of the war, in
which the name of Governor Evans, one of the
Senators-elect from Colorado, occurs. That
report was made under a misapprehension of
the facts. The evidence was taken first before
three members of a committee consisting of
nine, then before two, and finally, as I under-
stand, only one member of the committee was
present. They acted, doubtless, with perfectly
fair and honest intentions, but they did in-
justice unintentionally to Governor Evans, as
I am prepared to show by an abstract of all
the documents bearing upon the subject. The
report of the committee accuses Governor
Evans of prevarication as a witness before that
committee. The point in issue was this 
Mr. WADE. As I do not know that I shall
make any speech on the subject, and allusion
has once or twice been made to what occurred
before the committee on the conduct of the
war, I barely wish to say that at the investi-
gation which is alluded to here I was not pres-
ent, although my name appears as chairman
of the committee appended to the report. The
evidence of Governor Evans, and all the rest
of the witnesses, will be found in the report
precisely, I suppose, as it was taken down, and
every one can consult that and ascertain how
it was. I only wish to say that I was absent
in New York and Boston prosecuting another
investigation connected with that committee
at the time Governor Evans's testimony was
taken, and therefore had no connection with
this.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That is true: and if
the Senator had waited one moment I should
have so stated. I make no charge of unfairness
against the committee. The evidence is all re-
ported, word for word; but they misapprehended
the character of Governor Evans's testimony,
as the published facts will show to any candid
mind. I have no doubt their report was per-
fectly fair. The report, however, chaiges Gov-
ernor Evans with prevarication as a witness, in
this: the charge was that the Cheyenne Indians
were a friendly tribe; that they had been brought
to Fort Lyon under the invitation of Governor
Evans and the Indian Bureau to make a treaty;
and that they were set upon by a Colonel Chiv-
ington and murdered, men, women, and chil-
dren, a charge well calculated to shjck the
moral sensibilities of the whole people. The
committee took it for granted, as it seems to
mo, in their report that that charge was true;
and because Governor Evans did not indorse
the charge they accused him of prevarication.
Now, what were the facts, as shown by the
report of the Indian Bureau and the Secretary
of War, which I have before me? If any gen-
tleman controverts what I say, I am prepared'
to prove every word that I shall say.
In the first place, these Cheyenne Indians
were not friendly Indians; they were at war
with the people of the United States; they had
been engaged in indiscriminate slaughter, plun-
der, robbery, and murder upon the plains. To
show that they were friendly Indians, the com-
mittee on the conduct of the war report the
further fact that although they had seven white
prisoners with them they had purchased the
prisoners. The proof taken before the council
is, that every prisoner had been taken from
murdered trains upon the plains by the very
men who had them, and there was no purchase
in it.
The committee assumed another fact, that
Governor Evans offered a premium to the peo-
ple of Colorado to go out and scalp Indians,
men, women, and children, friendly or un-
friendly. 1 have the proclamation of Gov-
ernor Evans here, word for word, in which he
expressly excludes all friendly Indians; and
who else? All who had been invited to Fort
Lyon to enter into treaty, where the massacre
is sasid to have occurred. I have the further
fact that Governor Evans was not in the Ter-
ritory at the time, and was no more responsi-
ble for that massacre than any member of this
Senate. I have the further fact from the War
Department and the Indian Bureau that long
before this massacre Governor Evans had
turned over the -whole administration of In-
dian affairs in that Territory to the War Depart-
ment. As Governor of Colorado he was ex
officio superintendent of Indian affairs; but
when war broke out, when troops were sent to
suppress Indian hostility, he very properly
turned over the whole management of Indian
affairs to the War Department, and Colonel
Chivington was there, not under any order of
his, but simply under the orders of the War
Department. He was in no way responsible
for anything that happened at that massacre.
He had not only the authority of the War
Department, but he had telegraphed to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs and resigned
the administration into the hands of the officers
sent there by the General Government.
Now, you see the entire unfairness of an
attack upon one of the Senators-elect growing
out of this slate of things, and I am utterly
astonished that the Senator from Massachu-
setts, without having read these documents and
looked atthese facts, which are incontrovertible,
should have gone out of the record to make an
attack upon a Senator-elect who has no right
upon this floor to reply. I speak as an act of
justice for one who has no right to speak for
himself. I give voice to the dumb and voice
to my sense of right and of duty in rebuking
such an attack as this. I can see no possible
reason for it. Suppose there was a personal
objection to one of the Senators-elect, is that
any reason why Colorado should not be ad-
mitted as a State ? Try personal objections to
the member when the member presents him-
self ; but it does not in the slightest degree
affect the right of Colorado to admission as a
State upon this floor. 1 cannot see any possi-
ble object in it except as a mere make-weight.
The Senator from Massachusetts, it seems to
me, too, departed from his usual courtesy and
prudence in another thing, when he said there
were known and avowed arguments, and tber-e
were arguments whispered in this Chamber,
that these men should be admitted because
we needed their votes. Now, f know the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts would not say that
his fellow-Senators, all. of them, or any one'
