1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145
of that Republic and of the law of nations, the
public enemies of the United States.
Does the gentleman yet ask for l> Hie specific
act" that deprived these Slates of all the rights
of States, and made llicm •'enemies?*' lonce
more answer him in the words of the Supreme
Court that the specific tiers were, they cause-
lessly waged against their own Government a
"war which all the world acknowledge to have
been the greatest civil war known m the his-
tory of the human race.'' That war was waged
by these people "as States,'' and it went
through long, drear}" years. In it they threw
off and defied the uulhoiiiy of your Constitu-
tion, laws, and Government, limy obliterated
from their State constitutions and laws every
vestige of recognition of your Government j
they discarded a'J official oaths, and took in
their places oaths to support }'Our enemy's gov-
ernment. They seized, in their States, all the
nation's property; their Senators and Repre-
sentatives in yow Congress insulted, bantered,
defied, and then left yon; they expelled from
their land or assassinated every inhabitant of
known loyalty; they betrayed and surrendered
your armies; they passed sequestration and
other acts in flagitious violation of the law of
nations, making every citizen of the United
States an alien enemy, and placing in the treas-
uiy of their rebellion all money and property
due such citizens. They framed iniquity and
universal murder into law. They besieged, lor
years, your capital, and sent your bleeding
armies, in rout, back hero upon the very sanc-
tuaries of your national power. Their pirates
burned your unarmed commerce upon every
sea. They carved the bones of your unburied
heroes into ornaments, and drank from goblets
made out of their skulls. They poisoned your
fountains, put mines under your soldiers' pris-
ons: organized bands whose leaders were con-
cealed in your homes, and whose commissions
ordered the torch and yellow foyer to be carried
to your cities, and to your women and chil-
dren. They planned 0110 universal bonfire of
the North from fjjike Ontario to the Missouri.
They murdered by systems of starvation and
exposure sixty thousand of yoursom<, as brave
and heroic as ever martyrs were. They de-
stroyed in the five years of horrid war another
army so large that it would reach almost around
the globe in marching columns; and then to
give to the infernal drama a iitfingclose, and to
concentrate into one crime all that is criminal
in crime, and allthat is detectable in barbarism,
they killed the President of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, 1 allude to these horrid events
of the recent past not to revive frightful mem-
ories, or to bring back the impulses toward
the perpetual severance, of this people which
they proujke. I allude to them to leniind
us how utter was the overthrow and oblitera-
tion of all government, divine and human ; how
total was the wreck of all constitutions and
laws, political, civil, and international. I al-
lude to them to condense their monstrous enor-
mities of guilt into ono crime, and to point the
gentleman from .New York [Mr. Riymoxd] to
it, and to tell him that was "the specific act."
Now, Mr. Chairman, if the combined forces
of the Constitution and the Public Law, the ob-
vious dictates of reason, justice, and common
sense, and these enforced by the approval of
repeated and unanimous judgments of the Su-
preme Court can settle for our own Govern-
ment any principle of its law, then it is estab-
lished that organized rebel lions are not "States,
and that these elevendistinetpoiiticaltreasons,
which they organized into one, and called it
"the confederate States.1' had no powers or
rights as States of this Union, nor had the peo-
ple thereof.
restoration of tiik states.
If these States lost their powers and rights as
States, by what authority and means are they
restored? Is it accomplished by mere cessa-
tion of war and the determination of the rebel
inhabitants to resume the powers of States : or
is this Government entitled to take jurisdic-
tion over the time and manner of their return?
OdTII coxo...1st hhfs—-nO. 10.
I hold that the latter is the obvious truth.
Let it be admitted that these rebel districts
may, without the assent of the. United States,
] and without regard to the state of their loyalty,
j resume, at pleasure, all the powers of States—
: this Government having no jurisdiction to de-
| termine upon the question of their loyalty or
I the republican character of the new State gov-
ernments—then we have this result.
There were, during the first years of the war,
twenty-three rebel Senators, including Breck-
inridge and another. Thai was more than one
third of the Senate. These tweutj'-three in
the Senate are enough to deprive the United
States of all power ever to make a treaty, or
to expel a member from the Senate, or to re-
move from office by impeachment a rebel Sec-
retary of War like Floyd, or a rebel Secretary
of the Treasury like Cobb, or a rebel United
Stales judge like Humphreys, or an imbecile
President who thought, secession unconstitu-
tional. and its prevention equally unconstitu-
tional, like Buchanan. How long, sir, could
your Government survive with such a Senate,
one third rebel? How long can you live de-
prived of these powers vital to every Govern-
ment? Not a week, sir.
But. iir. Chairman, this is precisely what
might have occurred at any day during this re-
bellion if cessation of war entitles the revolted
Stales to resume the powers of States in defi-
ance of the will of this Government; and it is
precisely what may occur to-day if these Stales
be indeed disloyal yet at heart. If, after ex-
hausting "all I lie resources of war'' for the
overthrow of the (Jovernment, and failing, it
is, indeed, competent for (hem to abandon
these resources, and resort to ''the resources
of statesmanship,'' and resume at once the high
powers of States in the Union, without the as-
sent of such Government, then there has not
been an hour since the rebellion began, and
the hour is not now, in which this Government
has not literally been in the power and at the
mercy of the rebellion.
U it replied to what has been said in regard
to the power for mischief of disloyal Senators
in the case which ! have stated, expel them?
the reply is vain, because the same twenty-
three who can prevent any impeachment or the
formation of any treaty are also enough to pre-
vent anv expulsion under the Constitution.
Is it again replied, exclude these rebels from
the Senate under the clause making each House
the judge of the elections and qualifications of
its members? (lie reply is obviously frivolous.
[Here the hammer fell.J
Mr. LE BLOND moved that the time be
extended.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SIIBLLABAKGEK. Permit me to ex-
press mypi ufound gratitude, for (his indulgence,
on which 1 will not long trespass.
1. lfundertliiselausejouniayexclnde a Sen-
ator duly cleeted and qualified in every other
respect and sense than that he comes from and
is elected by disloyal States, then you yield the
whole argument, and accord to this Govern-
ment all the powers of self-preservation which
i am insisting upon. The difference is that yon
find the power of self-protection under a clauso
by which each House is compelled to judge sep-
arately of the election and qualification of its
members; and hence you occupy a position
where you may have twenty-four States in the
Union, in the Senate; thirty-four in the Union,
in the House: and Heaven knows how many
in the Union for electing a President.
2. if you reply. I will reject these twenty-three
rebel Senators, not because their States can elect
none, but because they are, ''rebels," in the
case you put; the reply is vain. When Ma-
son, Slidell, Davis, and Breckinridge last took
their seats in your Senate, who knew, or could
have proved, that, they came there to embarrass
and destroy your Government? Could either
have been excluded from any known or ascer-
tainable personal disqualification?
No, Mr. Chairman, there is no escape. If
the United States has no power to decide, as a
great and sovereign people acting through their
! Government, what shall be a "State" in her
| high Union, and cannot determine when, out
J of the wreck and ruin of old States, have been
■formed new republican States, based upon the
only foundations upon which a republican State
of this Union can be built, that of the general
I consent and loyalty of its people, then indeed
] is your Government not so much as ''a rope of
i sand.'' It is a monster compelled by the or-
| ganic law of its life to terminate that life by
sell-slaughter.
But, sir, such is not the law of its life. I
have already shown that the President has dis-
carded such conclusions. I now invoke the
authoiity of the highest court uf the Republic,
and by that I show that it has decided this ques-
tion also.
I state the effect of this decision in the lan-
guage of a distinguished law author (see 1
Bishop, Crim. Law, sec. 133. j He says:
" Li }m.- been sett led by adj udic,*ition that it is for the
President and the two Houses of Congress to decide
whether a particular government within a State is
republican or not; and to recognize it if it is, and, to
refuse to recognize, it if it is not, and tho adjudication
of tiie matter by them is ecmeiusive and binds tho
courts and the nation. It is not therefore for any
etas.- of persons in a State which has ceased to have a
>vcni ineuto set up a government of their own."
The language of the court is, (7 Howard, 42
anrl 43:)
"Under this article of tho Constitution it rests with
Coiicress to decide which government" of the two sot
up in Rhode Island "is the established one, for as the
United States guaranties to each Slate a republican
government. Congress must necessarily determine
what, government is e«t ahlished in a. State before it
can decide whether it is republican or not. When the
Senators and Representatives of a State are admitted
into tho councils of tho Union file authority of the
government undei wlneh they are appointed is recog-
ni/.ed by the pro per constitutional authority. And its
decision is binding on eveiy other department of the
Government." * * ''* * * *; *
" Undoubtedly a military government established
as the permanent government of the State, would not
he a ropnhlh an government, and it would be tho duty
of Congress to overthrow it."
Mr. Chairman, here I must close.
If it is asked me now, granting your position
that, those States in revolt ceased to have any
powers of government in the Union, still have
not new ones been reorganized safe and fit to
resume these high powers? I answer, sir, the
question, ''is it safe, and are they fit," are the
stupendous facts now on trial by the American
Congress. It was (he wdiole cud of the feeble
argument which 1 have concluded to vindicate
my Government's power to take jurisdiction of
this inquest and hold this trial.
But if I am demanded by what standard of
fitness, and what guarantees for safety, Con-
gress shall decide these great facts now on trial,
it will serve all the purposes of this argument
and this hour to reply that in the true and high
sense and spirit of the memorable words of the
President of the United States I find a fitting
answer. He says:
"No State can be regarded as thoroughly organ-
ized, which has not adopted irreversible yuaranteesfor
the rights of the freedmen."
Mr. Chairman, let this noble utterance—"ir-
reversible guarardeRS for the rights" of' Amer-
ican citizens of every race and condition—be
written with pen of iron and point of diamond
in your Constitution. Let it thus be made
"irreversible" indeed, by the action of the
State, in the only way it can be made irrevers-
ible; and them to establish this and every
other guarantee of the Constitution upon tho
only sure foundation of a free republic—the
equality of the people and of the States—make,
by the'same organic law, every elector in the
Union absolutely equal in his right of repre-
sentation in that renovated Union, and I am
content.
Let the revolted States base their republican
State governments upon a general and sincere
loyalty of the people and come to us under the
guarantees of this lonewed Union, and we hail
their coming and the hour that brings them.
If you ask again, ''Suppose such general
loyalty should never reappear, shall they be
dependencies forever?"
Sir, convince me that the ease is supposable,
I then with deepest sorrow I answer—forever 1
