1866.
the; congressional globe.
specially excluded by the language of the first
section. When they performed that service,
they supplied the place of-the regular troops of
the United States, or, allowed the regular troops
of the United St,ates-to go into the field, or to
go to the Bast; and yet, sir, we have not a copy
of the hill before us by which we can propose
amendments.
Mr. LANE. It has been printed.
Mr. CONNESS. This is not the manner or
way in-which to present such a measure, in my
judgment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. 1 will state, before doing so, that I have
had one prepared for the bill itself as an inde-
pendent bill, which 1 will road:
That nothing contained in this act relating to boun-
ties to soliliors, sailors, and marines shall authorize
any increase of the national debt of the United States;
hut all expenditures ot' money rendered necessary by
the provisions m this aet for their benefit shall be
diawn fiom the receipts Of the internal revenue, and
only as they excced the current expenditures of the
* io vcrmu'jiit and the appropriations for the public
lebt.
Either that amendment or this one will have
to be adopted in order to provide this immense
sum:
And br it further enacted. That to enable the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay tho sums herein appro-
priated for the payment of bounties to soldiers, he is
hereby authorized to borrow upon the credit of the
United States a sum sufficient for that purpose; and
he is authorized to issue therefor any description ot
bonds authorized by tho act approved April 111, 186G,
entitled " An a,et to amend an act entitled'An act
to provide ways and means to support tho Govern-
ment,' approved March 3,1805."
I do not know that it is necessary for me to
offer either of these amendments now. I can
offer them at some other time, and I will with-
hold them until the final vote is taken on the
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS, I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the Military Committee,
who proposes this amendment, why it is, if ho
proposes to equalize on the basis of eight dol-
lars and one third per month, that he prohibits
anybody from receiving any bounty under it
who did not at least serve two years.
Mr. CONNESS. In that connection I will
also submit a question to be answered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let him answer this first.
Mr. CONNESS. He may answer both at
the same time, and thus save time. What is
tho reason for this proviso in the first section?
That troops known as home guards, or other vol-
unteer troops organized for local service, which are
now excluded from bounties by the rulings of the
War Department, or under tho terms of their enlist-
ment, shall not participate in the bounties provided
by this act or any part thereof.
I should like to know why the Senator de-
sires to make the rulings of the War Depart-
ment, which may be very unjust indeed, law
by declaring them a law in this act. Under one
of these rulings the troops that 1 have already
spoken of have been excluded.
Mr. NYE. I should like to inquire at the
same time ofthe chairman what he understands
by the term "organized for local service."
Mr. WILSON. I will answer the Senators.
During the war there were small ladies of men
raised for local purposes, and in some cases
they were called " home guards." I believe we
had one or two companies raised in Massachu-
setts of that kind, who were sent into the har-
bors and scattered up and down the country.
There were small collections of men of that
kind. I think this proviso will exclude but a
very few men.
Mr. CONNESS. Then the exclusion had
better not bo made if it excludes but a few
men.
Mr. WILSON. I think it will exclude but
very few, indeed.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I will submit an
amendment to the amendment in that regard.
Mr. WILSON. We have by legislation au-
thorized tho payment of bounty to the men who
were raised in Missouri as home guards and
who went into the service of the United States,
and we have also authorized it to bo paid to the
three Indian regiments that were raised. I do
not, think this proviso will cover a great num-
ber.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I submit an amend-
ment to the amendment to strike out the pro-
viso to the first section.
Mr. NYE. If the Senator from California
will allow me, I wish to make one more inquiry
of the chairman of the Committer on Military
Affairs. I should like to know whether the
troops raised in the Territory of Nevada—we
raised between one thousand and eleven hun-
dred—who were ordered to Fort Bridger, in
Utah, come within this provision.
Mr. WILSON. They do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from California proposes to amend the
amendment by striking out the proviso to the
first section, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Provided, That troops known as homo guards, or
other volunteer troops organized for local service,
which are now excluded from bounties by the rulinps
of the War Department or under the terms of their
enlistment, shall not participate in the bounties pro-
vided by this act or any part thereof; but this exclu-
sion shall not apply to those voluntarily legalized as
mustered into the three years' service of tho United
States under an act making an appropriation for
completing the defenses of Washington, and for other
purposes, approved February 13,1882.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Senator
from California that if that proviso is stricken
outthe vote will extend the bounty to all the Ohio
men, all the Indiana men, all theMorganmen,
of Kentucky, and I- do not know how many
hundreds of thousands more.
Mr. CONNESS. Did they not do good ser-
vice ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I know ; but they ought
not to get bounties. If that proviso is stricken
out, it will take millions upon millions.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator and myself
are looking at this from different stand-points
now. The Senator naturally enough desires
to save money to the Treasury. T do not wonder
at that. This professes to be an equalization
of bounties. Now, if troops went into that
service, and thoy took all the risks of war, and
all the dangers of war, and a very disagreeable
service, I know of no reason why they are not
entitled to the bounty. The Senator will ob-
serve that under this proviso a great many are
excluded. I move to strike it outbecausc I do
not know how to separate them. It is brought
in here at this time without time to exam-
ine it closely. The chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs .has informed us that this
will exclude but a comparatively few men;
because, it will be noticed, in the latter part of
the clause it is provided that this exclusion
shall not apply to those volunteers legalized
under a certain act, so that its application is
not as wide as it might seem to be.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will give way
I will move an adjournment. [" Oh, no."]
Mr. CONNESS. I do not think the Senate
will agree with the Senator if ho moves an
adjournment,.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ihopcweshallgetthrough
with this bill.
Mr. SUMNER. We cannpt.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am of^osed to adjourn-
ing. I want to get through with the bill.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 14; noes 17.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts
ought not to be adopted until it has more con-
sideration ; and the suggestion I make is an ar-
gument against attempting to place a piece of
legislation involving so much as this does upon
an appropriation bill as an amendment. Now,
sir, I am not prepared to say that I will or will
notvotte for a bill equalizing the bounties as an
independent proposition, butlthinkit is clearly
improper to attach to this appropriation bill ar
proposition of this magnitude, one that needs
careful consideration in every respect; and a
feature of the bill presents itself here which
shows that it has not been properly matured
and considered. In the State which I have the
honor to represent there were, during the war,
three regiments of volunteers raised. They
were engaged in the service of the United
States; they were engaged in camp&ignsagainst
the Indians of thefrontier; they were subjected
to hard and perilous service; many of them lost
their lives; many of them have been disabled,
Mr. WILSON. How long were they in the
service?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not remember how
long they were in the service, but thay were
raised for three years' service. They were
raised for local service. They were raised for
the purpose of protecting the frontier and sup-
pressing Indian hostilities. They were not
raised for the purpose of taking part in the
suppression of the rebellion. This first sec-
tion provides—
That to each and every soldier who served in tho
armies of the United States in the late war of the
rebellion, without distinction of color or race and
who has been, or who may bo hereafter honorably
discha rged therefrom, there shall be paid, except as
hereinafter specified, eight and one third dollars per
month for each and every month of service rendered.
And then there is a proviso which excludes—
Troops known as homo guards, or other volun-
teer troops organized for local service.
I suppose that clause would embrace the
troops that were raised in the State of Oregon,
Mr. NESMITH. It would embrace all the
troops raised on the Pacific coast.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They would all be ex-
cluded by that expression in this section. It
seems to me that a measure framed so as to
have that effect is one that will work great in-
justice, and so far as I am concernsd 1 do not
feel at liberty to consent to any such proposi-
tion.
Mr. WILSON. They never had any bounty.
Mr. WILLIAMS. They had State bounty.
Mr. DAVIS. I think, sir, that a bill of some
sort to equalize bounties ought to pass, but it
is a most extensive, complicated, and difficult
subject. It certainly, I think, in its impor-
tance and complexity requires due considera-
tion in a separate measure. Therefore, al-
though I am in favor of a judicious and just
bill to equalize tho bounties to our soldiers, I
am utterly opposed to attaching this subject to
the appropriation bill now under consideration.
I shall vote for the best amendments that are
offered to the proposition, and ultimately I
shall vote against attaching the subject of the
equalization of hounties to this bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
California will not accomplish anything that
he thinks he will accomplish by striking out
this proviso. I am satisfied that under the
ruling of the War Department he will accom-
plish nothing, and I have had some experience
on that subject.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I will withdraw my
amendment, and let us come to a vote on the
main question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tho better way is to vote
down the original amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know why the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
introduced hero the words11 without distinction
of color or racefor, in the firstplace, he says
that "to each and every soldier who served in
the armies of the United States" the bounty
shall be paid. After using those general words,
why introduce the words " without distinction
of color or race?" Is the black man not a sol-
dier, because of his "color?" Why introduce
these words "without distinction of color or
race" into everything? How long is it to be
continued? I expect if I live for seventy-five
years to come to have "color or race" run-
ning through, not my recollections and mem-
ories merely, but through my everj-day life.
Mr. COWAN. I have simply a word to say.
I think the adoption of the amendment of the
Senator from Iowa was fatal to this whole
proposition, as it was right and proper that it
should be. This is an attempt to equalize
bounties among our soldiers. Well, if you
iffidertake to equalize the bounties, you must
stake into the account all the bounties they
have received, and that has been done by that
amendment. But in avoiding Scylla we run
