1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
postponed till the morning hour to-morrow,
and that it be printed.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. DAVIS. Before that motion is made,
I desire to say a few words.
This question seems to me to lie in a very
contracted circle. The Government owns cer-
tain lots for which it has, it appears, no pres-
ent use. The city has occupied them for a
long period, and proposes now to put certain
improvements upon them for the accommoda-
tion of its fire department. What those im-
provements may be in character or extent or
value I do not know; but, sir, it seems to me
that it would be unwise for ns to give away
these lands in fee. I think it would be much
better for the Government to reserve the right
to repossess itself of these lots, if at any time
hereafter it should desire to do so, by paying
the appraised value of the improvements which
may have been constructed. I can see no in-
justice in such an arrangement. The Govern-
ment will get the value of all it will pay; while
by the proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, it will give away now what hereafter
its necessities may require. Iience, if the
amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania be offered, I shall oppose it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am willing that the
bill shall go over until to-morrow morning, that
it may be printed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be postponed until the morning
hour to-morrow, and will be ordered to be
printed.
message from tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. J.
McDonald, its Chief Clerk, announced that
-the Senate had passed a bill to reimburse the
State of Missouri for moneys exjoended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pro-
visioning militia forces to aid in suppressing
the rebellion, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
firemen's insurance company.
Mr. INGEFiSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported a bill to
amend an act to extend the charter of the
president and directors of the Firemen's In-
surance Company of Washington and George-
town, in the District of Columbia ; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. T should
like to have some explanation of that bill.
Mr. INGEESOLL. The paper which I send
to the Clerk's desk to be read will fully ex-
plain it.
The Clerk read, as follows :
To the Congress oj the United States :
Thcunti prrigncd. a committee of the board of direct-
ors of the Firemen's Insurance Company of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
duly appointed to petition your honorable body for
an amendment of the charter of said company, re-
spectfully represent that when said company was
chartered, in 1837, there were regularly organized tire
companies in the said cities, and it was provided in
the sixth section of said act that those companies
alone should open booksof subscription for tho stock
of said company. In the seventh section of said act
it was provided that if any fire company should not
in the space of three years subscribe for the amount
of stock allotted to it, that then the residue of the
shares not taken might lie subscribed for by other
companies. In the eighth section of said act it was
provided that no person not a member of a fire com-
pany should be entitled to purchase or hold stock in
said company: and upon the decease of any stock-
holder that his stock should become extinct, and tho
value of hih stock paid to his heirs, and that new stock
should be created to replace the same, and be dis-
posed of by the directors. Section nine provided that
no stock should be transferred ou the books of the
company to any other than a member or members of
a fire company; and section ten provided that spe-
cial advantagesof insurance should bo granted to all
members of tire companies.
In February, 1837, an act, was passed to extend the
said charter, and tho sections as above specifiedwere
by that act continued m force. .
Since the passage of that act <>f extension the fire
department has been reorganized within the said
cities of Washington and Georgetown, and the fire
companies have ceased to exibt, and tacre are rto fire-
men within the moaning of the provisions ot said acts
of incorporation to which the same can apply.
Your petitioners, therefore, pray that the said sev-
enth, eighth, ninth, and tenth sections of said act oi
1837, extended by said act of 1857, may be repealed,
leaving the stock of said company open to the owner-
ship of any one who may desire to purchase it, and
governed by tho same rules and regulations as the
stock of other stock companies within the District of
Columbia. B. B. FRENCH,
C. W. DAVIS,
T. EDWARD CLARK,
W ashincton, January 22,1866. Committee.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
mutual fire inshrance company.
Mr. MERCUR, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back House bill
No. 223, to amend an act to incorporate the
Mutual Fire Insurance Company of the District
of Columbia, without amendment.
The bill was read.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to have
some explanation of the bill.
Mr. MERCUR. This Mutual Fire Insur-
ance Company was incorporated about eleven
years since with a capital of.$20,000. Tho act
of incorporation provided that the capital should
consist of premium notes and cash interest paid
upon those notes, and that that cash should
never at any time exceed $20,000. The busi-
ness of the company has become enlarged, and
they cannot attend to the wants of the commu-
nity as they desire unless we allow them to
increase their capital from S20,000 to S50,000.
Mr. DAVIS. Is this to be real capital, or
like the original, to consist of premium notes?
Mr. MERCUR. I will read from the act of
incorporation:
" Sec. 3. Ami be it further enacted. That tho capital
stock of this company shall consist of tho premium
notes given by the insured, and of the cash paid in
as interest on said premium notes, which cash shall
never exceed $20,001). Said notes shall bo payable on
demand, and shall constitute and be a lien to the
amount thereof respectively upon all buildings in-
sured by said eompany, and the land upon which they
stand, and the appurtenances to such landjdnd upon
the estate and interest, legal or equitable, of the as-
sured in such buildings, lauds, and appuitennnces,
and upon the otlior property insured by said company
in consuls:ation thereof."
This increases that capital from $20,000 to
$50,000.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the reason for it?
Mr. MERCUR. The increased business
wants of the community.
Mr. DAVIS. This allows this company to
receive So0,000 in premium notes; in other
words, it is a credit and not a capital. My own
knowledge and experience in regard to mutual
insurances induces me to protest against any
system of mutual insurance based upon credit.
The system in New York has been one ot dis-
aster to every one who has been engaged in it.
I think my friend from New York knows some-
thing of the history of these companies, and
that every man in our part of tlie State would
rather put his head into the fire than have any-
thing to do with these insurance companies.
Mr. CONKLING. I agree with what my
colleague has said; and believing that every
man who touches these schemes based upon
premium notes deliles himself with pitch, I
shall volo against this proposition.
Mr. MERCUR. I agree to what both gen-
tlemen have said in reference to tho insurance
companies of New York. So far as my knowl-
edge goes, they have not only defrauded their
own citizens, but the citizens of their sister
States. [Laughter.] But I affirm the history of
mutual insurance companies in Pennsylvania
has been different; they have sustained a dif-
ferent reputation ; and they have commended
themselves to the business interests of the coun-
try.
Mr. DAVIS. Do they stand as high in
the public estimation as the oil companies?
[Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. Everybody knows the oil
companies are owned in New York.
Mr. MERCUR. My colleague has antici-
pated my reply.
Mr. CONKLING. It is entirely from- New
York the money has come which has been hon-
estly paid in, so far as we know.
Mr. MERCUR. One word more, and I am'
done.
The SPEAKER. The morniiig* Hour 'has
expired, and the bill gcreS over until to-mor-
row.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
A message, in writing, having been received?
from the President of the United States,
The SPEAKER laid the same before the
House; and it was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
The Clerk read the communication, as fol-
lows:
To the House of Representatives ;
In answer to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, of the 12th of January hist, requesting'
information in regard to provisional governments of
certain States,! transmit a report fromtlj3Secretary
of State, to whom the resolution was referred.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, March 6,1SG6.
To the President:
The Secretary of State, to whom was referred the
rcsolutionof tho House of Representatives of the 12th
of January last, requesting tho President,/'if not
deemed by him incompatible with thepublicinterest,
to communicate to this House copies of all messages,
proclamations, and other documents, issued by the
provisional governors of any States that may have
been proclaimed at anytime to be in rebellion; of
all acts, ordinances, resolutions, and proceedings of
conventions, or of Legislatures, held in such States
under the authority or at the call of said provisional
governors; of all returns of elections for members of
such conventions and Legislatures, together with tho
qualifications required for voters at such elections,
and for members when elected; together with such
other information concerning the public action of
such States, tending to throw lierlit upon their polit-
ical condition, as may be in his possession; and to
communicate, further, copies of all proclamations
issued by the President, or his immediate predeces-
sor, relating to this subject, whether i«sucd by him
directly or through the Secretary of State, and the
papers accompanying the same," has the honor to
state thatacopy oronginalsof all the voluminous pa-
pers called for by the resolution have been, with re-
ports from this Department, of this date, laid beiore
the President, to enable him to answei a similar res-
olution of the Senate. As these papers will undoubt-
edly be printed for tho use of thcSeuatc, it is presumed
to be unnecessary to have another copy made to en-
able the President to answer the resolution of the
House of Representatives. •
Respectfully submitted.
WILLIAM n. SEWARD.
Department of State,
Washington, March 1, 1866.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a message from the President in answer to
a resolution of the House of Representatives
transmitting a report in regard to the distri-
bution of rewards offered for the arrest of the
assassins of the late President Lincoln.
The report of the Secretary of War was read,
as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, March 1,1866.
Mr. President: In answer to the resolution of
the House of Representatives hereto annexed, re-
ferred by you to this Department, I have the honor
to report that no distribution has yet been made of
the rewards offered by the Government for the arrest
of the assassins of the late President Lincoln. Many
persons presented claims for the rewards, aud by tho
order of this Department the Adjutant (JeneraJ and
Judge Advocate General were appointed a special
commission to examine and adjudicate upon the
respective claim*. The peiiod for award has on ap-
plication by claimants been extended from time to
time, in order that all claimants may bo heard.
When the award has been examined and approved,
notice by publication will be given.
I have the honor to XOX,
Secretary of War.
To tins President of the United States.
The message and accompanying report were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the .SecLeiar\ of fetate.
in response to a resolution of tho House of
February 21, 1806, transmitting a statement
of the cost of printing and advertising of that
Department during the year 1865 ; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
