1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3129
twenty-four, and nine hundred and twenty-five, page
39, of II. R. No. 213—or rather to tho sum of $10,000
named therein."
The difference in the numbering of the lines
I suppose is because of the reprint of the bill
since it passed the other House with the amend-
ments reported by our committee. He pro-
ceeds to say:
" In consequence of the reduction of the appropri-
ation made for fiscal year ending- 30th instant, of
$5,000. there will then be due by the office of secre-
tary of the Territory of Washington, for balance on
printing laws, journals, &c., the sum of at leasts,000."
So that it will be seen that there is an in-
debtedness now on the part of the Territory of
$7,000. There is no surplus fund on hand,
which I believe has been suggested as a reason
why this appropriation was reduced. Last
year the usual appropriation was reduced
from $20,000 to §15,000, and in consequence
of that the Territory has bccome indebted to
this officer iu the amount of $7,000, as lie
states:
" Until last year the appropriation for a number
of years—1 think universally since 1854—has been
$20,000. None better than yourself know the high
prices on the Pacific hide, when paid in Government
currency. In fact, my estimates based upon actual
expenditures, dtumg£tho penod such currency has
been iu circulation have, been up to $22,000; and
even now 1 see difficulty in trying to meet tho neces-
sary expenses, with most rigid economy, at a less
figure. Of course tho per diem and mileage fixed by
law is not varied by the value of the currency. Tho
other purchases or expenses are of necessity controlled
by the value at the time of said purchase or payment
by the value of the dollar currency at the point of
purchase, if made in San Francisco or in any of the
Pacific States or Territories. The following estimate,
approximating to the average of accounts filed in tho
last three years, is really as low as it can justly be
made:
Printing,
Incidental printing of the Legislative Assemblv,
say  S2,n00
1.000 copies pamphlet laws, say  1,700
200 copies each (.500 copies Journal, say  1,700
Legislative Assembly.*
Per diem 9 members of Council, sixty
at  
30 members of House of llcp-
resentatives, sixty days....
2 chief clerks,sixty du\ s,al>3,
2 assistant clcrks, sixty days,
at $3 
2 sergeants - at - arms, sixty
days, at SU 
2 doorkeepers, sixty days, at
$3 
1 chaplain and 1 messenger,
sixty days 
Mileage 39 members 
33xtra allowance to presiding officers ..
Postage members and distribution of
laws, Arc. 4 
Librarian, $300 per annum 
Stationery, bills for Assembly and office.
Candles and light? 
Fuel lor legislative halls, library, and
office 
Messenger to seeietary's ofiiee, at 5-50
per month 
Clerical work, ,;: >• three months at *100
Office rent, at y2> per month 
Incidental expenses repairing furni-
ture, public buildings, «fec 
5,900
days,
$1,020
5,400
GOO
360
360
360
2*0
2,000
3G0
120
300
12,300
300
350
GOO
300
300
300
3,150
Total..
$21,110
He also states that the estimate upon which
the Treasury Department based its estimate
was made by him while there was a difficulty
in the Territory as to the payment of bills for
printing, and they were not included in the
estimate which he made of expenditures, and
it was also an estimate made, not upon a full
Legislative Assembly, but upon a Legislative
Assembly that was only partly filled, and the
whole amount of mileage and per diem was
not charged. I am satisfied that this Terri-
tory needs this appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am authorized by the
Committee on Finance to move this amend-
""This estimate is ba^ed upon a full Assembly. Bnt
at no session for the past three has there been a full
attendance, and ie* the counties remote fail to attend,
my estimate for mileage may be high, and each ab-
sentee reduces- this £180,
f Por the past three years I have not been able to
supply these articles fui less than $1,400.
ment, to come in on page 39, after line nine
hundred and forty-seven:
Provided, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorised at his discretion to re-
move the whole or any portion of tho machinery,
apparatus, and fixtures of tho branch mints of the
United States at New Orleans, Charlotte, and Dnh-
lonoga, to such other branch mints as in his opinion
may require the same; or, at his discretion, to dis-
continue the branch mints at New Orleans, Char-
lotte, Dnhlonega, and to dispose of the property
belonging thereto, if ho shall deem it expedient, at
public auction, to the highest bidder.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KIRIvWOOD. I desire to call the
attention of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance for a moment to some items which
1 find on page 20. I iitul there an appropria-
tion of $21,000 for additional clerks in the
Pension Office, and another appropriation of
$58,000 for additional clerks in theGeneralLand
Office. I understood, a few days sincc, when
we passed a bill reorganizing the Interior De-
partment, that we had so reorganized it, by
increasing the pay of some clerks and dispensing
with others, as to bo able to fix the precise
number needed, aud dispense with the appro-
priations for additional clerks.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That bin has not yet
passed the House of Representatives ; and it
would not do to change those items now, be-
cause we do not know that that bill will be
passed by the other House. The money cannot
be twice paid, if appropriated.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. But if this bill passes
in its present shape, and that bill should pass
the other House, in what condition would the
thing be then?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that bill should be
passed by the other House after this goes down
there, these items maybe struck out by general
consent, I suppose.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I merely wished to call
attention to the matter.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose that if this
bill passes the Senate and becomes a law be-
fore the bill alluded to by the Senator from
Iowa shall pass the other House and become a
law, that, so far as it is inconsistent with the
provisions of this bill, will repeal or modify
the sections of this bill with which it is incon-
sistent. If the bill reorganizing the Interior
Department does not pass the other House, as
a matter of course the appropriation bill is
right and should stand as it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN". There is no danger
arising from it-, there is only a little discrep-
ancy. The money cannot be paid twice, and
if the parties take it under the new bill, of
course they will not under this, and this will
be a mere dead letter. There is no difficulty
to be apprehended from it.
Mr. CRESWELL. I offer this amendment
to come in after the third section oti page 48;
And be it further That from and after the
30th diiy <>i June, ISOG, the suhuy of the deputy soli-
citor ol the Court of Chums shall be ^">>,500 nor an-
num; and the increase of salary herein authorized
may be paid out of any moneys in tho Tieasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask if that comes
from any committee.
Mr. CRESWELL. I am not aware that
there is any rule of the Senate requiring an
amendment proposing an increase of salary to
be submitted from a committee. I am certain
that is not the rule of the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the rule of the
Senate as applicable to all appropriation bills.
Mr. ORESWELL. But the House have
ruled otherwise in the construction of their
rules.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We are to be governed
by our own rules.
Mr. CRESWELL. I know 5 but I am not
aware of any rule of the Senate on the subject.
If there is, I should like to have it pointed out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is the
practice of the Senate, under the thirtieth rule,
to receive 110 amendment to an appropriation
bill which increases an appropriation unless it
comes from a committee. The rule will be
read.
The Secretary read the rule, as follows:
"No amendment proposing additional appropria-
tions shall bo received to any general appropriation
bill unless it be raado to carry out the provisions of
some existing law, or some act or resolution pre-
viously passed by the Senate during that session, or
moved by direction of a standing or select commit-
tee of tho Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate from
tho headofsom$ of the Departments; amino amend-
ment shall be received whose object is to provide for
a private claim, unless it be tQ carry out tho provis-
ions of an existing law or a treaty stipulation."
Mr. CRESWELL. My interpretation of that,
rule is, that it would not apply to a proposition,
for an increase of salary, and the House of:
Representatives have deliberately decided so
in regard to their rule, which is almost in equiv-
alent terms. The rule of the House is:
" No appropriation shall be roportcd in such gen-
eral appropriation bills, or be in order as an amend-
ment thereto, for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law, unless in continuation of appro-
priations for such public works and objeets as aroi
already in progress, andfor the contingencies for car-
rying on tho several Departments of tho Govern-
ment,"
In the interpretation of that rule the House
has decided that "the latter branch of the rulei
not only permitted amendments increasing sal-
aries, but was framed for that very purpose."
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very different in
language from our rule.
Mr. CRESWELL. I think it is almost in
equivalent terms, though somewhat different,
in phraseology.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the rule has
been generally construed to exclude such
amendments. I feel in duty bound to make
the point.
Mr. CRESWELL. This amendment does
not change any appropriation in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It makes an increase
of appropriation.
Mr. CRESWELL. That is true; it is au
increase of appropriation by increasing the
salary of an officer whose office is already
established by Jaw.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks that under the rule the amendment can-
not be received; but if the Senator desires,
the Chair will take the sense of the Senate on
that question.
Mr. CRESWELL. I will take the sense of
the Senate, meaning thereby not the slightest
discourtesy to the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the matter
ought to have been submitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, who know all about
the salaries of the different officers conncctcd
with the Judiciary. That is the proper com-
mittee to decide whether the salary of such an
officer should be increased. I do not know
but that, it ought to be done in this case; but
the ruling has always been one way in reference
to such questions, to keep them off the appro-
priation bills. Perhaps the Senator may get
the Committee on the Judiciary to report the
amendment, 011 making the proper explana-
tions to them.
Mr. CRESWELL. It is difficult for me to
do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment is not in order.
Mr. CRESWELL. I will take the sense of
the Senate, with a view to settle the question,
if there is any doubt about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate.
Tho decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to move an amend-
ment to strike out in lh\cs ten hundred and fifty-
nine and ten hundred aud sixty '■ S l.oOO '' and
insert:
Which is hereby fixed at that amount, $2,500: Prn-
ridr-i/, That said reporter shall within the time now
prescribed deliver to the Secretary of the Intenor
for distribution, according to exuting laws, three
hundred copies of such of the annual reports of that
court as shall be hereafter published.
So as to make the clause rood:
For salary of the reporter of the decisions of the
Supreme Court ot the United States, which is hereby
fixed at that amount, $2,500: J'roiidtd, That said
reporter shall, within the time now prescribed, dc-
