2K0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
of them, would be influenced by an unworthy
partisan motive to admit a State not entitled
to admission simply to carry partisan meas-
ures. f know lie would make no such charge.
I have done but little whispering since my
wooing days were over, and I speak here in
language heard by all present. Whatsoever I
think to be right I avow it. I did say the
other day that i should vote for the admission
of Colorado for this, among other reasons,
that they were organized upon a thoroughly
loyal basis ; and 1 shall vote in view of that
very identical reason. If I thought they were
organized upon a disloyal basis, I perhaps
should not be quite so ready to admit them
on this floor; neither, I am persuaded, would
the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts.
They are organized on a loyal basis, and that,
to my mind, is one reason why we should ad-
mit them. We may need their votes ; wo may
need tbe votes of loyal men; we shall need
their votes, doubtless, before this great con-
troversy is over; and if they are entitled to
admission on other grounds, that is surely no
reason, to my mind, why they should be re-
jected, simply because they have been elected
and their State has been organized on a loyal
basis. The great controversy is transferred
from the field of battle to this high Chamber,
and we need votes and support here as much
as we ever did during our military campaigns.
I believe that Colorado should be admitted. I
shall vote to admit her for good and substan-
tial reasons, and among those reasons is the
very fact that. I regard her people as essen-
tially and intensely and thoroughly loyal. For
no mere partisan purpose—my purpose nises
higher than party—for the good of the country,
the safety of the country, and to prolong the
lifetime of the nation, I wish loyal votes to be
multiplied liere.
But the distinguished Senator, in order fur-
ther to disparage this pamphlet of the Senators-
elect fro in Colorado, takes the ground that the
surveyor general has said that agricultural in-
terests cannot be successfully prosecuted in
Colorado except by irrigation, and from that he
argues that 110 great agricultural population can
ever cxi.st in Colorado. Does the history of
the world piovc that? Look at the agriculture
of ancient Egypt, the granary of the world,
upon which were built the great cities of Cairo,
Memphis, Thebes, and Alexandria, which made
that little peninsula tlio storehouse for the whole
ancient world. Every grain raised and every
vegetable sold there was the result of irriga-
tion. That civilization which built those won-
derful pyramids, the grandest conceptions in
architecture of human genius, which have out-
lived the mutations of forty centuries and out-
lived even the memory of their founders, was
based upon an agriculture the result of irriga-
tion. Ilow was it with the agriculture upon the
Euphrates, the original site of our civilization,
perhaps the original birthplace of the human
family ; and Babylon, wonderful Babylon, with
her hundred gates commanding the whole East
for five hundred years? All the agriculture
that supported Babylon and the nations 011 the
Euphrates was the result of irrigation. The
agriculture that built the great city of Mexico
and that inaugurated a civilization, under Mon-
tezuma and his predecessors, higher in point
of fact than the civilization of their Spanish
conquerors, was all the result of irrigation.
The agriculture that sustained and built up the
wonderful empire of the Incas, which resulted
in those grand temples dedicated to the wor-
ship of the sun at which scholars yet wonder,
was all the result of irrigation. Nor has that
experiment failed here. The one hundred thou-
sand people residing in the valley of the Salt
Lake owe their daily bread to irrigation alone.
Then supposing that irrigation may be neces-
sary to develop the agricultural interests of
Colorado, that is no reason why that cultiva-
tion should not be most eminently successful.
I shall not refer to the "grasshopper" argu-
ment, because my distinguished friend from
Nevada [Mr. Nye] has, I think, sufficiently
exhausted that subject. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, when I had occasion to
address the Senate a few days since on this
subject I gave very briefly my reasons for the
admission of Colorado. I have not changed
those reasons. Why is that admission opposed?
Because there is not enough population there.
That is a mere matter of guess-work and spec-
ulation ; no one knows what the population
amounts to, and each one comes to a different
conclusion. The mayor of Denver says the
population is probably thirty-five or forty thous-
and ; the Territorial Legislature thinks it is as
much as fifty thousand; some other gentlemen
put it down at twenty-five thousand. Why do I
vote, then, to admit them with this small popu-
lation ? Because even though they did not com-
ply technically with the enabling act, they did
comply substantially ; and granting, in the lan-
guage of the Senator from Massachusetts; that
that enabling act is null and void and expired
by its own terms, what had the people of Col-
orado a right to infer from the passage of that
act? That Congress was willing that they should
organize a State government; and although
they did not comply with the terms of the en-
abling act, States have been admitted without
any enabling act at all; and we are so far bound
at least by the passage of that enabling act,
that it was an invitation to them to come, an
intimation that their coming would be welcome;
and even though they had acted upon their own
motion, taken their own plan and not ours,
they had a right to infer that they would be
welcome when they formed a State government.
I suppose, however, the real objection is the
word "white" in this constitution. 1 have
already said I should prefer that that word were
not in the constitution of Colorado. I should
prefer that that word was not in the constitu-
tion of any State in the United States. But I
will not vote to exclude Colorado simply be-
cause she does not permit negro suffrage. I
will not vote to exclude any of the rebel States
simply because they do not permit negro suf-
frage. If I believe that they are essentially
right and loyal in every other respect, and if
they disfranchise their rebel voters, I would not
stand upon this qualification, because the whole
practice of the Government has been different.
Why is it necessary to strike out the word
"white?" Because, we are told, it is in con-
travention of that provision of the Constitution
which says that Congress shall guaranty to
each State in the Union a republican form of
government. From the foundation of the Gov-
ernment down to the present hour that inter-
pretation of the Constitution has never for one
moment obtained in Congress or in any other
department of the Government. Every single
Territory has been organized without question-
ing the right to determine the qualification of
voters. Every single new State has been ad-
mitted with the word "white" in its constitu-
tion. We have recognized them as republican
in form for three quarters of a century. The
grand triumphs of this country in three wars,
and its grand improvement in material inter-
ests have all been brought out under this inter-
pretation of the fathers that a State might be
republican in form and still have the word
"white" in it. I look forward in the future,
and no distant future, when the force of public
opinion, mightier in this land than an army
with banners, will strike the word "white" out
of every State constitution; but I do not pro-
pose to make this a test in the case of Colorado
when it has never been made a test in the case
of any other State or Territory.
I have no fancy for dipping buckets into
empty wells and growing old drawing up noth-
ing. I believe in a more practical statesman-
ship than that. Here you have a people of vast
wealth and untold mining interests knocking
at your doors for admission, with a full-framed
constitution and legally elected officers, claim-
ing representation upon this floor, and repre-
senting from thirty to fifty thousand people,
and among that number there are, as I am
told, some seventy or eighty negroes, all told;
and because the negroes are not allowed to
vote, they are not to be permitted to enter, and
they are to be thrown across the pathway in
the victorious march of this grand younc em-
pire midway between the Pacific and the Mis-
sissippi. We are to stop and have our hands
tied because these seventy or eighty negroes
are not permitted to vote. The distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts, as it seems to
me, is still dipping buckets into empty wells,
and will grow old drawing up nothing.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I propose
to say a few words upon the pending question.
Several objections are made to the admission
of Colorado, and the chief one seems to be
thatitdoes not contain the requisite population
to entitle it to become a State in the Union.
I have to say as to that objection, that there is
no provision of the Constitution, no law of
Congress, and no precedents in our history
that require a Territory to contain any partic-
ular number of inhabitants to be qualified for
admission into the Union. Territories have
been admitted as new States with populations
varying from 30,000 to 200,000; and no rule,
therefore, has been established upon the sub-
ject; but each application has been decided
upon its individual merits, and according to
the circumstances under which it was made.
Florida was admitted with a population of
about 30,000 white people. Arkansas was
admitted with about the same population of
white people. Oregon, at the time of its ad- .
mission as a State, did not contain more than
40,000 or 50,000 inhabitants ; and so from the
formation of the Government up to this time
Territories have been admitted without respect
to numbers, and the question of population has
been subordinated to other questions that have
concerned the admission of the Territory.
To insist that Colorado, under existing cir-
cumstances, should be admitted as a State, is
not to controvert any principle established by
the founders of this Government. When the
Union was formed, the State of New York
contained eight or ten times the population
contained in the State of Rhode Island ; Penn-
sylvania contained eight or ten times the pop-
ulation of the State of Delaware; but those
small States were allowed equal suffrage in the
Senate with the large States, and their pro-
portionate power was preserved in the House
of Representatives ; and it is still preserved;
and if Colorado shall be admitted, New York
will have her thirty-one Representatives in the
lower branch of Congress while Colorado will
have but one.
Mr. President, I am almost persuaded that I
see in these arguments that are urged against the
admission of Colorado as a State, the shadow
at least of that doctrine which has so long dis-
tracted the country and has finally developed
itself in a protracted and bloody civil war. Ob-
jection is made to the admission of Colorado
because it is not as large in population as the
State of New York, or the State of Pennsyl-
vania, or some other States of the Union, as-
suming that there must necessarily be some
antagonism between the State of Colorado and
the State of New York and other States, in
consequence of which there is a necessity of
preserving in the Senate the relative power pos-
sessed at this time by the State of New York,
the State of Pennsylvania, or the State of Mas-
sachusetts. State power, State pride, State
jealousy, State rights are more than intimated
in this argument which is urged here against
the admission of Colorado. Senators say in
effect, will not the admission of Colorado,
allowing her to have two Senators upon this
floor, impair the State power of the State of
New York? I have not heard the Senators
from that State make the suggestion, but for
that State it is suggested that she would be
wronged if Colorado with her population should
be admitted as a State into the Union. No
doubt that the local interests of Colorado may
need the immediate and exclusive attention of
the Senators who may represent her upon this
floor; but I undertake to say that in ninety-
nine cases out of a hundred of general legis-
lation, tending to the prosperity, greatness,
and glory of this nation, Colorado would havs
