146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
Mr. DEMING- obtained the floor, and moved
that the committee arise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Washburse, of
Illinois, reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
XJnion generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the annual message of the President
of the United States, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. DEMING-, (at
four o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 9, 1806.
Prayer by Rev. C. B. Boyxtox, Chaplain to
the Etouse of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
C1ILEF COJGKK Oi!' THE SENATE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Petitions
and memorials are in order.
Mr. FOOT. I offer a resolution which, as it
pertains to completing the organization of the
Senate, will take precedence, and I ask that it
may be acted upon at the present time.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to, as follows:
Resolved, That "William J. McDonald bo, and he
is hereby, appointed Chief Clerk, in the place of
William Iliekey, deceased.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition from clerks
in the Department of State, and signed by all
of them, in which they set forth, that owing to
the increased expense of living and the depre-
ciation of the currency, they find it difficult to
live on the salaries which they have been al-
lowed heretofore: that last year there was an
additional compensation granted to the clerks
in the Treasury Department; that they have not
shaved the beneiit of any such appropriation ;
and they now ask Congress to make an addi-
tional compensation to them. I move the ref-
erence of this petition to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a memorial from
the National Normal School Association, held
at Harrisburg in August, 1805, in which they
set forth the educational necessities of the States
recently devastated by war; that there arc some
two million five hundred thousand persons in
those States at this moment actually requiring
education ; and that, at the very lowest calcu-
lation, there ought to be now fifty thousand new
teachers; and they conclude by asking Con-
gress to furnish assistance to those States out
of the public lands fortlie beneiit of education.
I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am requested to present
the petition of James Crutclieit, of the city of
"Washington, who states that a very valuable
property of his was taken possession of by the
Go\ernment in July, 1801, was held by it up
to the close of the war, and perhaps is held by it
still, and that he has received only some fifty dol-
lars per month, which he received under protest,
being without any means of suppoH. J ask
that this petition may be referred to thy Com-
mittee on Claims. A petition of die same [air-
port was presented at the last session, and! ask
that the papers in that eac:e be ■withdrawn from
thefile^of the Senate, there having been no
adverse report, and referred to the same com-
mittee.
Ibe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The refer-
ence suggested by the Senator, of tins petition,
will be made if there be no objection, and an
order to refer the papers named will also be
made.
iL*. HENDERSON, Ipresentamemorialof
the president and directors of the Union Mer-
chants7 Exchange of the city of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, praying that Congress cause to be built and
maintained on the Mississippi river and its tribu-
taries snag boats, to remove wrecks, logs, and
rocks from the main channels of those streams;
thatit provide to fell timber onfalling-in banks,
to improve by dam and lock, or otherwise, the
rapids of the Mississippi river, to improve Grand
Chain 011 the Ohio river, and to make suck
other improvements in those streams as to ren-
der navigation thereon more safe and expedi-
tious. The memorial represents the number of
registered steamboats on the western rivers to
be nine hundred and ten, with a carrying ca-
pacity of two hundred and ninety-two thousand
one hundred and forty-four tons, and valued
at $21,556,000. The imports into St. Louis,
chiefly by river, during the year 1865, amounted
in value to §235,870,875. The imports into
Cincinnati during the same period amounted
to $312,800,074 5 those into Louisville, Ken-
tucky, to $100,791,908. I move the reference
of this memorial to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying that the revenue laws
as applied to internal taxation and duties on
imports may be so adjusted as to afford the am-
plest protection to the labor and industry of the
country; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the ease of George
Ashley, administrator ot SamueL Holgatc, deceased,
be taken fiom the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
hcpohts from
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
Distiict of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill No. 51) to incorporate the Potomac
Navigation and Transportation Company of the
District of Columbia, reported it without amend-
ment.
INDUSTRIAL EXPOSITION AT PAK1S.
Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the joint res-
olution (II. R. No. 28) in relation to the In-
dustrial Exposition at Paris, France, have had
the same under consideration, and directed me
to report it back to the Senate with a recom-
mendation that it pass, and if there is no ob-
jection to it, 1 should like to have it considered
now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will re-
quire unanimous consent to consider the reso-
lution to-day. It will be jead for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"Whereas the United States liave been invited by
the Government of France to take part in a universal
exposition of the productions of agriculture, manu-
factures, and the fine arty, to be held m Paris, in the
year 1807;
llesohud, ifv., That said invitation is accepted.
Si-C. 2. And Or if further > cwlwd. That the proceed-
ing heretofore adopted by the Secietury of State in
relation to the raid exposition, a* set forth in his re-
port and accompanvmt,- document* concerning that
fcubject, transmuted to both Houses ol Congress! with
the i\ cedent's message of the 11th instant, are ap-
pioved.
Snc. And be it fur!her raolvd, That the general
a£'-nt fn~ the ,-,ad exposition at A ew York be author-
ized to employ smb clciks as may be necessary to en-
able hi in to fulfi 11 the requirement of th e regulations
of the imperial commission, not to exceed four in
number, one of whom shall receive compensation at
the rate of $d,SU0 per annum, one at SI.000, and two
at £l, 400.
Kt:c. 4. At\d, he it further resolved. That the Secretory
of St<ite be, and is hereby, ^uthoiized and requested
to presciihc such j?oneral regulations concerning the
conduct of the business rein tine to the part to bo taken
by the I mted States in the exposition as may be
proper.
Mr. CLARK. T think the resolution had
better he ovc^. Thar second section is veiy i
indefinite: nt least it will remm*'* some attention
beJore we act upon the resolution. I think it
had bet-oi' lie over one day.
The KUKSTl>h!NT/>r& tempore. Objection
bemg iriatU. the resolution lies over under the
rule
Mr. SUMNE R. I suggest to the Senator
that it has adroitly passed the House, and the
desire oi the Administration was that it should
be expedited.
Mr. CLARK. I will say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that the fact that the resolution
has passed the House of Representatives does
not give me any information about the second
section, which is very indefinite.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 am willing to make any
explanation the Senator may desire.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over under the
rule.
KIDNAPPING OF FREEDMEN.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following reso-
lution of inquiry, and ask for its present con-
sideration ;
Whereas it is reported that persons declared free by
the proclamation of emancipation and by the recent
amendment of the Constitution are now kidnapped
and trans-ported to Cuba and Brazil to be held as
slaves, and that in this way a ncv> slave trade has been
commenced on our southern const: Therefore,
Haolvcdt That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to inquire if any lurther legislation is needed
to prevent the kidnapping of freedmcn and the revi-
val of the slave trade oil our southern coast.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken I
desire to state some of the information which
has come to my possession. I have in my hands
a letter from Alabama, from which I will read
a short extract, as follows:
"Another hi g trade is going on; that of running ne-
groes to Cuba and Brazil. They are running through
the country dressed in Yankee clothes, luring men,
giving them any price they ask, to make tuipentine
on the bay, sometimes on the rivers, sometimes to
make sugar. They get them on the cars. Ot course
the negro don't know where he is going. They get
him. to the bay and tell him to go on the steamer to
go around the coast, and away goes poor Cufl.ce to
slavery again. They are justcleaningoutthissection
of the country of the likeliest men and women in it.
Federal officers are mixed up in it, too."
Mr. JOHNSON. Wlio writes the letter?
Give the name of the writer.
Mr. SUMNER. It is from a person in Al-
abama, whose name I am requested not to com-
municate j but the gentleman is well known to
members of the other House. I have also a
letter from the district judge of Florida—-his
name is well known and will be found in the
official lists of the country—communicating to
me a letter which he has received from a per-
son well known to him, and for whom he
vouches, in Florida, dated December 14,1805,
from which I read a brief extract:
"Tam advised that certain parties here intend to
make a, business of importing negroes into Cuba. It
is said that there has gone two vessel-loads of them
already. Titus & Co. have bought a steamer for the
ostensible purpose of carrying fish from Indian river
to Charleston, but most people think that his will be
carried the other way. There have been moi e gun-
boats ordered down in that region to look out for the
fish-mongers."
Here are two letters from different States,
Alabama and Florida. Add to these verbal
communications which 1 have received during
the last week from Texas, from Louisiana, and
from Mississippi, three additional States, all to
the same effect, that in each of those States a
system of kidnapping has already been com-
menced, and a new slave trade on that coast
started. I do not know that the laws on our
statute-book are sufficient to meet this untold
enormity. I desire that our committee, in which
we have such confidence, should apply them-
selves to it and^ee if there is any remedy for
this terrible crime. I desire, also, that every
branch of the Government should do its duty
in this connection; that, the Department of
State should addre.-s all its agents in Cuba and
in Brazil, requiring them to look after the lib-
erty of ihe^e people, to which we are pledged ;
that the Navy Department should give proper
instructions to orr cruisers; that the War De-
partment should <rive proper instructions to our
troops m that region j and that the 1'rc-ddeut
himself should hike notice of this terrible
crime, andslmuldseeto it that sufiicienfc troops
are there.
Mr. DA VLS. Mr. President, 1 think it alto-
getherprobabie that the Yankees have reopened
the slave trade. 1 do not doubt at all that they
have done it, or that they will do it if they can
make money by it. I am very anxious myself
