1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
TRADE WITH BKITISII AMERICA.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to postpone all
prior orders in order to take up PEotise bill No.
337, regulating trade with the British North
American possessions.
Mr. STEVENS. Unless there is some spe-
cial reason for this I shall certainly object to
it, for we have two or three appropriation bills
that are urgent. I cannot see the necessity for
immediate action on this.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] made very good prog-
ress yesterday with his appropriation bills ; we
have postponed this from day to day in order
that he might do so. It is indispensably neces-
sary that some action should be had on this
now, in order that the bill may reach the Sen-
ate and be acted upon there before the 17th of
March, when the reciprocity treaty will expire.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 now ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill may be considered in the
House, and after speeches on the general sub-
ject it shall be considered as under the five-
minute rule.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I move to suspend
tlie rules, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Raymond in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of Housc_ bill
No. ;w7, regulating trade with the British
North American possessions.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, the present
bill concerning the trade with tho British North
American Provinces has become necessary in
consequence of tho termination of tho reci-
procity treaty, which takes place 011 the 17th
of the present month. The treaty was an ill-
omened one from tho start, having been first
extorted from us by the armed raid upon our
fishermen, in 1852, made by tho combined ar-
maments of the Provinces, and led on by the
imperial Government; and, second, won from
us by the delusion that favors would beget fra-
ternity. We arc too old to be again deluded,
and, being quite able to withstand a bite, we
shall be unlikely to yield to a growl. For
eleven long years the United States, overflow-
ing with generosity, have granted to these
Provinces what their own mother country has
long since weaned them from, that is to say,
privileges not granted to others. Ilencefoith
we, shall treat them as friends, unless they
entitle themselves to be treated as favorites or
provoke that treatment awarded to enemies,
liy the present bill we grant certain privileges
provided ample equivalents are obtained, in
the main, however, increased revenue has been
our object.
This House, after this recent^ unfortunate
experience, will not, at least during the pres-
ent generation, relinquish its constitutional
prerogative to originate all revenue bills. To
the extent of our trade with tho Provinces
our legitimate prerogative lias been curtailed
and denied. I f such commercial treaties were
to be tolerated it is easy to be seen that they
might in due time embrace all countries with
whom we have commercial relations, and thus
the proper functions of the House in regard to
imposts and taxation would be usurped and
superseded. If it is important that we do not
transcend our just power, it is equally impor-
tant that we do not abdicate and surrender
that which we are preeminently called upon
not only to exercise but to guard.
That'this tieaty arrangement was not to our
advantage we not only have the testimony^ of
the fishermen of Maine ; the lumbermen oi New
York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Maine; the
wool-growers of Ohio, Illinois, Pennsylvania,
New York, and Vermont; the grain-growers
of all the western States, and the manufac-
turers whose business with the Canadas has
so notably decreased, but even the provincial
officials tacitly confess to the prosperous gale
they have enjoyed by the tender of terms less
onerous to us, if not less lucrative to them,
than those of the treaty. They feel that they
can afford to treat us better.
Though we have ascertained in our recent
struggle with the late slavelioiding aristoc-
racy, far more powerful than any other on the
globe, that the Governments of the world do
not love us nor our Republic, it is as foreign
to American ideas to base legislative action
upon hatred as upon fear. We are simply look-
ing after the interest and honor of our own
people, and propose that they shall not be
made unhappy by the contrast of their con-
dition with that of their neighbors in respect
to taxation or markets.
I am aware that some very good people, en-
joying possibly a present trade which may be
in danger of being shorn of its profits, look
ominously and shake their heads, saying, '' Are
you not afraid that our seamen—such turbulent,
reckless sea-dogs—wilf disregard the three-
mile shore line and involve us at last in a war
with England V' Well. they may, but this story
has "an ancient and fisli-like smell," and we
may as well not hug it too closely. It is true
that if England desires a conflict with us a pre-
text may be easily obtained through collisions
among eager and exasperated fishermen touch-
ing her absurd headland interpolation, but there
is 110 lack of heroic pretexts elsewhere, and
whenever the conflict comes, whatever the al-
leged provocation-may be, or by whomsoever
precipitated, no one knows better than Eng-
land herself that the Provinces will be gone
forever, "hook and line, bob and sinker."
Not that we desire this, but, to cscape the blows,
they would run nearer to us.
lint the terms offered in this bill in relation
to the fisheries do not invite a repulse. On
the contrary it is believed, especially from the
frank and friendly exchange of views between
the Committee of Ways and Means and the
ministers representing the Provinces, who wore
recently here, that they will be readily accepted
by most if not all of the Provinces—certainly
by those most interested in the trade.
If there is any doubt on this point it is really
whether the terms of this bill are not too in-
diflercnt toward our own fishermen. The pub-
lic believes, and so believe the people of the
Provinces, that a mutuality in tho right to then-
shore fisheries is of great value, and hence wo
have had to concede some equivalent, though
conscious that the right acquired, or rather
restored, is vastly overrated.
Tho rates of duty which the Committee of
Ways and Means have proposed in this bill are
such as it is believed will afford revenue, and
will not in any case prove prohibitory. Ill other
words, we expect to take as much of their lum-
ber, coal, and barley as heretoforebut before
a sale can be allowed alongside of American
products, the privilege must be bought with a
price equal atlcastto our (axes, and often much
greater. Even with these terms, a commis-
sion sent to China or Peru will disclose no
other market so valuable. When we abandoned
all duties on lumber under the treaty, the effect
was not to reduce the price in American mar-
kets, but the value of lumber increased in the
Provinces. Reversing our action, it is not im-
possible that our revenue may be increased
without much additional cost to the consumer.
Lumber being an article of universal necessity
and incapable of any increase in quantity, only
moderate duties have been proposed. _ At the
present time we seek rather to diminish than
to multiply objects of taxation; and while lum-
ber during the war might easily have contributed
a liberal revenue, it is not now proposed to levy
any internal duties upon it; therefore we have
only offered a scale of moderate duties. It is
sound policy to make building materials cheap.
Wood as a building material is used to some
extent by all, and exclusively used by men of
moderate means, and the lower qualities tor
fencing purposes are indispensable to land-own-
ers. The reasons for exempting it from the
burdens of taxation appear to be ample. Ar-
ticles that were embraced in the reciprocity
treaty have for the most part been treated in
all tariffs for the last ten years with neglect,
and the present bill is therefore the more need-
ful.
That part of the bill which gives up the
bounty hitherto paid to our fishermen may be
looked upon with more distrust than anything
elseproposed. Thepittanee was small, not much
more than the duty paid by them on the salt
used in curing their fish, and yet the determi-
nation in some quarters to regard this as a New
England question, and not a national one, has
constrained even New England men to repu-
diate the measure—obnoxious because it has
been misrepresented—and to sever at once
all guardianship of the Government over our
school for seamen—a school which I do not
hesitate to say has been and is to-day of as
much importance to the glories of our Navy
as the Naval School at Annapolis, and yet one
which has been maintained at comparatively a
very small expense. Here five thousand sea-
men, it has been computed, aie annually intro-
duced to the mysteries and the perils of sailor
life. France, eager to maintain her place as a
naval Power, docs not so legislate ; but in spite
of her remoteness from the little remnant of
her ancient North American possessions,
nurses and maintains a large fleet of fishermen
by the most liberal bounties. Upon the sur-
render of the bounty there would-be no decency
in charging these men eighteen cents for every
one hundred pounds of salt used by them in
curing fish, and this it is proposed to remit.
Whether remitted or not the fisherman can
have free salt with little inconvenience by call-
ing at provincial ports. Provincial men have
complained of the bounty, but having free salt
themselves, they cannot complain that our
fishermen are placed upon an equality.
Hereafter our seamen, unlocked after, must
be entirely self-educated and self-reliant. May
we never have reason to reproach ourselves
that we have ignored and deserted a class whose
vocation is one of continuous toil and danger,
who furnish more widows and orphans than
any other class of equal numbers, and whose
conspicuous bravery, whenever their country
demands a sacrifice, challenges the pride and
affection of every true-born American 1
Such articles as the Committee of Ways and
Moans have proposed to place in the free list
—only four in number—are those, which they
would most likely deem it wise to place there
at any time unless the exigencies of the Treasury
imperiously demanded larger supplies.
It, is proposed to admit bituminous coal from
the British Provinces, in consideration of cer-
tain privileges to be extended to the United
States, at fifty cents per ton, while from all
other places under existing laws it will be
charged $1 25 per ton. The present internal
duty of six cents per ton and the two and a half
per cent. 011 tho gross receipts of railroads for
freight, amounting on the average to at least
twice as much more, it may be hoped will at an
early day be removed. If with free coal from
the Provinces, while that from out our own
mines has been taxed, our miners could live at
all, the change which frees them from a home
tax and imposes a duty of even fifty cents per
ton on provincial coal, must be hailed with
favor.
Coal is a raw material, and for every ton of
iron made at least three tons of bituminous or
two of anthracite coal are consumed. It is the
motive power of railroads and steamboats, as
well as of manufacturing establishments. We
tax iron and ail other manufactures when pro-
duced and sold, and we tax railroads and steam •
boats on their business. Can we- not afford to
have our coal free ? It is, too, an article of uni-
versal consumption, required in our rigorous cli-
mate in large quantities by those un able 10 clothe
themselves in heavy and abundant woolens or
thick and costly furs; by the poor as well as the
rich. There are hardly more reasons for a tax
on coal than upon firewood. In addition to this,
our own coal-fields are unsurpassed in extent
and quality by any in the world.
But our export to the Canadas of coal from
Ohio, Virginia, and Pennsylvania bids fair to
