2174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
all Noting, all males, before they had brought
their families there. The population has
changed from a mining to an agricultural one
to a great extent, and the vote of 7,000 of last
year to me indicates a larger population than
a vote of 10,000 would situated a,s they were
in 1861, not having extended their population
over the Territory and being huddled together
where they could all readily vote. Now they
have spread over the Territory; they have
brought their families; and a vote of 7,000 at
this time indicates to my mind a population of
at least 35,000, because they are so situated
that, they do not come to the polls so regularly ;
they are a long distance from the polls ; they
have settled in the little valleys all over the
country as any person traveling through will
see. 1 am justified, then, insaying that a vote
of 7,000 atthis time indicates a larger popula-
tion than a vote of 10,000 would situated as
they were in 1861; and I think that when we
have before us the fact that they cast 7,000
votes it is an extreme exaggeration to say that
their population does not exceed 15,000.
But Congress has passed upon the question
of population. The Senate twice passed upon
it by passing an enabling act in 1803, and again
in 1804. The population is certainly as great
now as it was then, and is increasing, and the
prospects before the Territory arc infinitely
superior to what they were in 1804. In 1804
they were cut off by an Indian war; they were
embarrassed in every possible way ; their pros-
pcct for the future was gloomy to what it is
now. The rebellion is over; they have a rail-
road approaching them very rapidly ; they havo
learned something of irrigation, and they have
learned, too, how to dispose of grasshoppers,
so that they will not be so ruinous perhaps as
tliey were before. The grasshopper question,
the irrigation question, and the Indian war
question are all bettor understood. The pros-
pects of the country are good. The mines have
proved to be very rich. The various ores are
being worked now to better advantage, and the
Territory is in a much better condition than it
was in 1801. It has a larger population than
it had when you passed on the question; and
I say, with the Senator from Oregon, [Mr.
Williams,] that it would be bad faith, after
having given this invitation, and after this con-
stitution has been formed and these represent-
atives have come here, to change the invita-
tion and deny them admission. Hereafter if
you want to establish a different rule, establish
it; but now, under all the circumstances, I say
that upon any fair construction of these votes
there is a larger population in Colorado than
there was in 1801, and everything connected
with that Territory shows that it is better able
to support a Stale government, with better
prospects, than when von passed the enabling
act, and I contend that it is bad faith to deny
them admission.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Ml'. President, I wish
it were quite as convenient to think as to talk,
for in thought there is counsel, but in words
there is often great want of wisdom. I said
yesterday that on the former occasion I was in
error as to facts which led me to a wrong con-
elusion. There is no man on this Senate floor
more concerned in building up the interests of
the mountains and the Pacific and the great
West than myself; I have labored in it from
my youth upward; but I cannot justify myself
to myself in sustaining this measure, for the
reasons that I will state briefly, for I do not
propose to go into a discourse or make it mat-
ter of argument.
This Government was organized upon a sys-
tem. In this Senate Chamber each State is
represented by two Senators, although it may
be entitled to but one Representative in the
other end of this building. To adjust the
equilibrium was one of the great troubles of
our grandsires. That for some factitious pur-
pose a State should be introduced not possess-
ing' the qualifications that should justify it in
claiininga member of the House of Represent-
atives would be u wrong upon the system as it
has been best understood. What are seven
thousand votes in the Territory of Colorado?
I speak with a knowledge that is not unin-
formed, for X have lived on the frontier from
my young manhood, and inhabited about that
part of the world, and I was in Colorado, I
believe, before any gentleman on this^ floor.
Seven thousand votes there would indicate a
population of about fifteen thousand, not more.
It has been regarded heretofore as a rule that
no State should come into the Federal Union
until her population would come up to what
was required by the enumeration for a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives. I do not
remember the precise number now required,
but I know it is something over one hundred
thousand. Two Senators in the Federal Sen-
ate for a population of fifteen thousand would
be a great injustice; and to that injustice I
cannot bo a party. I did vote for this bill in
the first instance. I did it for the reason that
I want to build up the interests of the Pacific
and the mountains ; but I cannot on consider-
ation agree to such a wrong. This is not a
community yet established; its foundations
have not yet been laid. When they are well
laid, with the proper population, a well-organ-
ized socicty, then they shall be of the com-
munity of States by my voice, but not now.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I was not
present in the Senate at the time the vote was
taken rejecting the bill. Had I been here I
should have voted for the bill, and I regret very
much that I did not happen at that time to be
in my seat, because I have a very strong con-
viction of the expediency and propriety of
admitting Colorado as one of the States of the
Union.
There appear to he two objections raised
against the admission of Colorado. The first is
insufficient population according to the opinion
of some gentlemen, and the second is that the
right of suffrage as defined in the constitution
itself is too limited in excluding colored persons.
Now, sir, I confess that I do not regard either
of these objections of sufficient weight to induce
me to vote against the admission of Colorado.
I consider the objection based upon the alleged
insufficiency of the population in point of num-
bers as out. of place entirely. On the 21st of
March, 1804, Congress declared in very plain
terms that—■
"The inhabitants of that portion of the Territory
of Colorado included in the boundaries hereinafter
designated, bo and tliey ore hereby authorized to form
for themselves, out of said Territory, a Stato govern-
mentwith the name aforesaid, which said State when
formed shall be admitted into the Union on on equal
footing with the original States in all respects what-
soever."
It is said that this statute, which in its sub-
sequent clauses provides the mode by which
the people shall organize themselves into a
State has spent its force and become functus
officio; and we are therefore called upon, by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts es-
pecially, to pay no regard to the act of 1804. I
do not regard the statute in that light; 1 do not
regard it as having spent its force. I regard
this first section, which I have read, as con-
taining a pledge of the Government of the
United States to the people of Colorado that
whenever they shall form themselves into a
State and provide for themselves a govern-
ment, they shall, so far at least as population
is concerned, be admitted into the Union.
I have said we passed this statute in March,
1864, and in the same breath we passed an-
other statute giving the same privilege to the
Territory of Nebraska, and another giving the
same privilege to the then Territory of Ne-
vada ; and we did it at a time when the popula-
tion of these several'Territories, as ascertained
by the official agents of the Government who
took the census in 1860, was as follows: the
population of the Territory of Colorado at that
time, according to the census from .which I
give these figures, was 34,277 ; that of Dakota
Territory 4,837; that of Nebraska Territory
28,841; and that of the then Territory of
Nevada, perched like an eagle's nest upon
mountains, was 6,857.
The people of the Territory of Nevada pro-
ceeded regularly, as required by the statute, to
institute for themselves a State government at
a time when they certainly had not a smaller
population than six thousand eight hundred
and fifty-seven. The probability is that in
1864, when they went through the process of
forming themselves into a State government,
the population was larger, but what it was I am
not now able to say. It was certainly, as I pre-
sume, not greater than the population of Col-
orado. If I am wrong in this my friend from
Nevada will be able to correct me. We have
admitted Nevada as a Stato of the Union,
which in 1860, being then a Territory, had a
population of only six thousand eight hundred
and fifty-seven inhabitants.
If the Territory of Colorado in 1864 pos-
sessed a sufficient population to justify Con-
gress in granting them the privilege of form-
ing themselves into a State government, and
if, as is indubitably the truth, that population
has not diminished since then, upon what
ground is it, I ask, that gentlemen allege insuf-
ficient population as a reason for refusing ad-
mission to Colorado? I insist, sir, that so far
as Congress are concerned, so far as the spirit
of the law is concerned, wo are estopped from
insisting upon this objection.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will my friend from
Michigan allow me to ask him, is there any such
thing as an estoppel as against a judge on the
bench, he being bound to do justice ? Is there
any such thing as an estoppel where one has
authority? It may be applied to parties liti-
gant, but not to the judge.
Mr. HOWARD. I am not speaking of tech-
nical estoppels in trials at law. We all know
right well that estoppels are mutual. What I
mean to say is that we are upon every political
and moral principle precluded from urging now,
as an objection against the admission of Colo-
rado, that she has not sufficient population, be-
cause we actcd upon that identical question in
1864, and said to Colorado and said to the
whole nation that Colorado then possessed a
sufficient population to justify us in forming her
into a State.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Michigan yield the floor to the
Senator from California?
Mr. HOWARD. With a great deal of pleas-
ure. I hope my learned friend from California
will now indicate his ideas in a tone of voice
which will enable me to catch them on this side
of the Chamber.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Only one word. Sup-
pose I was wrong then; suppose I acted unad-
visedly 
Mr. HOWARD. That is not a supposable
case.
Mr. McDOUGALL. And I change my
opinions, have I not a right to express it by
my voice ? Answer me that.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose, according to
the Senator's speech, he has availed himself
of that high privilege of changing his opinion
and changing his vote. I will now ask him a
question ; and that is, whether he did not vote
for the act of 1864, giving this privilege to
Colorado ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I believe I did.
Mr. HOWARD. And I think, as I am
informed, he voted for the bill which was
recently under discussion in this Chamber.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Yes, sir; I did.
Mr. HOWARD. And made a speech, too?
a very good speech, undoubtedly, in favor of it.
Most undoubtedly every gentleman has a right
to change his opinion ; but I soy that without
further light upon a given subject, without
further facts to justify such a mental mutation
as my friend from California seems to have
undergone, he can scarcely say that he has a
moral right so to change his opinion as to
change the proper course of legislation upon
the question.
However, sir, that is a question which he
must settle for himself. I cannot act as casu-
ist in so grave a matter. He must be his own
judge.
