150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBE.
January 9,
the city of New York, and to ask that the com-
mittee be discharged from its further consider- !
ation. I desire to state the reasons for the .
action of the committee. j
_ It is a memorial asking that the statute of |
limitations may be so amended as to suspend j
its action during the time of tlie existence of [
the rebellion, in order that citizens of the loyal j
States may not be barred of their right of action
against debtors residing within the rebellious
States.
During the Thirty-Eighth Congress I reported
a bill from the Committee on the Judiciary,
which passed both Houses and is now the law,
and which read as follows:
" That whenever, during the existence of tlie present
rebellion, any action, civil or criminal, shall aceiue
against any person who, by reason of resistance to (he
execution of the laws of the United Stales, or the
interruption of the ordinary course of judicial pro-
ceedings, cannot be served with process lor the com-
mencement of such action, or the arrest of such per-
son: or whenever, after such action, civil or criminal,
shall have accrued, such person cannot, by reason of
such resistance of the laws, or such interruption of
judicial proceedings, be arrested or served with pro-
cess for the commencement of the action, the time
during which such person shall so be beyond the reach
of legal process shall not he deemed or taken as any
part of the time limited by law for the commencement
of such action."
In the opinion of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, this act covers the ground embraced in
this memorial of the Chamber of Commerce so
far as Congress has the power to respond to the
prayer of the memorialists.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary to state to the
House what, in his opinion, is the effect of the
statute which he has read in staying or keeping
alive remedies in the State courts of the rebel-
lious States in cases between citizens of the
State of New York, for example, and citizens
residing in those States. I have my own views
about it, and I doubt not he has his.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The committee are
of opinion that the latter part of this statute is
as broad as congressional enactments could pro-
vide.
Mr. CONKLING. How broad is it? What
is the effect of it?
Mr. WILS ON, of Iowa. The language of the
statute gives it better than any construction I
can give:
"The time during which such person shall so be
beyond the reach of legal process sha 11 not be deemed
or taken any part of the time limited by law for
the commencement of such action.''
The point, I believe, to which the gentleman
seeks to direct my attention is this: whether
this statute will prevent the operation of the
statutes of limitation of the States in relation
to actions commenced in the State courts. I
am not prepared to say that it will go that far,
nor was the committee prepared to say that
we could provide by law that the statute of
limitation in a State could be suspended in its
operation upon actions brought ill the State
courts by congressional action.
The remedy which seemed to be sought by
the memorialists was this: that citizens residing,
for instance, in the State of New York, having
claims against persons residing in the State of
South Carolina might have their remedy in the
courts of the United States without being barred
by the statute of limitation in force during the
existence of the rebellion. In other words, they
wantthe statute of limitations suspended during
the period of the rebellion. YVe think the law
now does this.
We did not special!) consider the question
as to the power of Congress to suspend the stat-
utes of limitation of the particular States and
prevent their operation upon actions brought
in the State courts as distinguished from the
courts of the United States held within those
States. I think, however, and in tiiis the
committee concur, that where the action was
brought in a United States court, this statute is
broad enough to save the remedy, and reaches
as far as we may safely go.
I have merely called the attention of 1 ho
House to this act for the purpose of calling the
attention of the country to the existence of the
statute which I have read and which seems not
to have been very generally noticed. I have
nothing further to add; and 1 now move that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial, and that it be
laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The call of committees
for reports having been concluded, the next
business in order is resuming the call of States
for resolutions, beginning with the State of
Pennsylvania.
IVECOXSTIIUCTION.
Mr. BROOMALL. I submit the following
resolution, and call for the previous question
upon its adoption:
Resolved, 1. That the termination of the recent civil
war hasleit theinhabitants of theterritory reclaimed
from the late usurpation in the condition of a con-
quered people, and without political rights.
2. That as a legitimate consequence the relation of
master and slave anions them is destroyed, and that
it is not within the province of civil law ever to re-
vive it.
3. That the future political condition of these peo-
ple must be fixed by the supreme power of the con-
queror: and til at the effect of amnesty proclamations
and pardons is to relieve individuals from punish-
ment for crime, not to confer upon them political
rights.
4. That it is not thointerestof the Government that
these people shall remain in their present unorganized
condition longer than is necessary for their own good
and the good of the country.
5. ThatCongressbliouldconferupon themtheneces-
sary power to form their own State governments and
local institutions, but that this cannot be done until
the rights of those among them, of whatever caste or
coloi, who remained always true to their allegiance,
are effectually protected and guarantied.
6. That it isthc paramount duty of the Government
to guard the interests of all within the conquered ter-
itory who rendered no willing aid or comfort to the
public enemy: and if this cannot otherwise be done.
Congress should organise State governments composed
of these alone, and loiever exclude from all political
power the active and willing participants in the late
usurpation.
Mr. CONKLING. I ri«e to a point of order.
My point is that the subject embraced in this
resolution relates to the question of reconstruc-
tion, and it should therefore be referred with-
out debate to the joint committee upon that
subject.
Mr. GRINNELL. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall]
to permit this resolution to be referred to the
joinfecommittee on reconstruction. It embraces
different propositions which, I think, should be
considered bv that committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 would inquire of the
Chair whether, should the previous question be
seconded, a division of the question c-au be de-
manded, in order to have a separate vote on
each branch of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It can be divided. But the
Chair will state that he sustains the point of order
raised by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Coxklixc.] Tins resolution relates so evi-
dently to the subject of representation, that it
will be referred, under the rule, to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction without debate.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved that the res-
olution be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
messagii FROM no: I'MistDEvi.
A message in writing from the President was
received by Mr. William Moose, his Private
Secretary.
arlixgiox heights.
Mr. SMITH, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, 'and agreed to:
Jlesoh^al, That, the Military Committee be instructed
to inquire into the present condition of the property
known as "Arlington iteisrhts." and the expediency
of converting said property into a liousefor disa bled
and wounded soldier.^ of the last war, with a, view of
establishing a n in valid corps for the purpose of manu-
facturing such stores, Ac., a; ina> be tequired by the
Aiiny and aS'avy of the United States.
COXTESTSD-ELLCTIOX cask,
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted sundry papers concerning the election
of Representative lioiu the sixteenth dial riot of
Pennsylvania; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
THE SO-CALLED 13MPTRE OP MEXICO.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, with the accompanying
papers.
The message was read, as follows:
To the House, of Representatives .-
In compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 18th ultimo,
requesting information in regard to steps taken
by the so-called Emperor of Mexico, or by any
European Power, to obtain from the United
States a recognition of the so-called empire of
Mexico, and what action has been taken in the
premises by the Government of the United
States, I transmit a report from the acting Sec-
retary of State, and the papers by which it is
accompanied.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 5, 186(5.
The message was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
POLICY OF TIIE PKESIDEM".
Mr. VOORIIEES. As the morning hour
has expired, I call up the resolutions submitted
by me before the recess, and postponed to this,
day after the morning hour.
The resolutions were read, as follows :
Resolved, That the message of the President of the
United States, delivered at the opening of the pres-
ent Congress, is regaided by this body as an able, judi-
cious, and patriotic State paper.
Resolved, That the principles therein advocated for
the restoration of the Union are the safest and most
practicable that can now be applied to our disordered
domestic affairs.
Resolved, That no States or number of States con-
federated together can in any manner sunder their
connection with the Federal Union, except by a total
subversion ofour present system of government; and
that the President in enunciating this doctrinein his
late message lias bat given expression to the senti-
ments of all those who deny the right or power of a
State to secede.
JicoUcd, That the President is entitled to the
thanks of Congress and the country lor his faithful,
wise, and successful efforts to restore civil govern-
ment, law, and order to those States whose citizens
were lately in insurrection against the Federal au-
thority; and we hereby pledge ourselves to aid. assist,
and uphold him in his policy which ho has adopted
to give harmony, peace, and union to the country.
Mr. STEVENS. I raise the point of order
that these resolutions relate to reconstruction,
and therefore must go to the joint committee
on that subject without debate.
The SPEAKER. Thepointistaken entirely
too late, in the opinion of the Chair. These
resolutions were introduced before the late re-
cess, were considered by the House, and then
were postponed without objection to this day,
after the morning hour.
Mr. VOORIIEES. Mr. Speaker, I arise to-
day to discuss the annual message of the Pres-
ident. In doing so, I am aware that to the
majority on this lioor I may appear as a meddler
in a family concern. It would seem from the
remarks of members here, and the comments of
the press in various quarters, that the right to
approve or disapprove the policy of the Execu-
tive is the exclusive monopoly of the two now
belligerent wings ofthe dominant party. Indeed,
I believe it is a new and very dangerous phase
of disloyalty for one of the minority to have any
opinion at all on the subject. I cannot, how-
ever, accept this position of silence and inac-
tivity. Not that I wish to bring any reinforce-
ments which are not sought to the aid of cither
of the jarring factions on the opposite side of
the Chamber, but as a citizen loving my coun-
try, and as the Representative of a large and
enlightened constituency, it is my duty and my
right here to advocate what in my sight seems
best as a remedy for the evils which surround
us. And if this sense of public duty leads me
to adopt and defend the policy of the Executive,
what offense can it be to his real or pretended
friends in this body? IIow indignant we wore
in the days of our childhood ever thai dog in
the nianaer, who would neither enjoy the com-
forts and blessings of life himself, nor let
anybody else do so! And here in our mature
manhood we behold the same principle of ac-
tion adopted by a great party. It refuses to
indorse the President of its own election, and
