4094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
< message srom'the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
and joint resolutions of the House of the fol-
lowing titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 178) in refer-
ence to tha Dismal Swamp Oanal Company ;
and ' *
An act (H. R. No. 729) to change the port
of entry in Puget Sound.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had passed the following House bills,
with amendments, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 609) to constitute Omaha
and Nebraska City, in the Territory of Ne-
braska, and St. Paul, in Minnesota, ports of
delivery; and
An act (H. R. No. 728) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue certificates of
registry or enrollment and license to certain
vessels.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An, act (S. No. 400) to fix the compensation
of certain collectors of customs, and for other
purposes;
An act (S.^ No. 334) t.o prevent the wearing
of sheath knives by American seamen ;
An act (S. No. 390) relative to collection
districts in North Carolina;
An act (S. No. 445) for the relief of R. P.
Parrott;
An act (S. No. 419) repealing an act entitled
"An act repealing certain provisions of law
concerning seamen on board public and pri-
vale vessels of the United States," approved
June 28, 1804; and
An act (S. No. 440) for the relief of George
W, Fish.
danikl winslow.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Commit-
too on the Judiciary, reported back Senate bill
No. 149, for the relief of Daniel Winslow, with
a recommendation that it do pass. The bill
was read. It releases the petitioner from cer-
tain judgments obtained against him in the
district courts of the United States, upon fail-
ure to comply with his contract, dated Sep-
tember 29, 184G, with the chief of the Bureau
of Provisions, to deliver at Charlestown, Mas-
sachusetts, eighteen hundred barrels of Navy
beef.
Mr. SPALDING. I would like to know the
reason for this.
Mr. WILSON of Iowa. I will state the case
briefly. Daniel Winslow in 1840 made a con-
tractforfurnisliing the United States with eight-
een hundred barrels of beef at $7 87.} per barrel.
Soon aller the contract was made the Mexican
war commenced, and the price of beef rose
rapidly to fifteen dollars per barrel. Mr. Wins-
low continued to comply with his contract
imtil beef reached twelve dollars, and at that
time Jiad furnished three hundred and fifty
barrels upon his contract. He then failed and
was unable to complete his contract. The
Government subsequently bought the amount
of beet at $12 or $12 50 per barrel, paying
$8,061 75 more than the contract'price, but
not more than the market price of beef. Owing
to this failure to comply with his contract Mr.
Winslow has been under a cloud ever since,
and has been unable to engage in any busi-
ness ; and to add to his calamity, during the
recent fire at Portland, Maine, what little
property he had was destroyed by that fire.
This bill proposes merely to relieve him from
his liability under that contract.
I will state that this case has been reported
on several times in the House and once or
twice in the Senate. It has been recommended
by the United States district attorney for the
State of Maine at different times, and I be-
lieve by the Attorney General, and I certainly
can see no kind of detriment to the Govern-
ment in the passage of the hill. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. This is a special act of
bankruptcy; that is all. I have no objection
to it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main"question ordered.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
united states district courts.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, also, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back, with
an amendment, bill of the Senate No. 179,
in relation to the district courts of the United
States in the States of California and Louisi-
ana.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to inquire how
this bill fixes the salaries of the judges of the
nlCifl'lft I'M! T* I" Q
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It affects only the
salary of the judge of the district court of the
State of Louisiana.
Mr. LE BLOND. What change does it
make in the amount of salary?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It changes it from
$3,500 to $4,500, and it abolishes the south-
ern district of California and the western dis-
trict of Louisiana.
Mr. LE BLOND. I understand that, but
why abolish these offices? What necessity is
there for it?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state to the
House that there is not business enough in the
southern district of the State of California to
warrant the continuance of the district court,
and consequently it should be abolished. In
relation to the district in Louisiana, I will state
that a memorial from the bar of Louisiana has
been referred to the committee requesting that
the two districts be consolidated, on the ground
that, it will advance the interests of the State
and be more convenient for the people. The
committee, therefore, recommend the passage
of the bill.
Mr. LE BLOND. What is to become of the
judge ?
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. We are already
rid of him. There is no judge in either of these
districts
Mr. LE BLOND. Well, if what the gentle-
man states is the sole object of the bill," I have
no objection to it. We have had so much legis-
lation for the purpose of getting rid of objec-
tionable incumbents that it struck me that that
might be the object of this bill.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. There is nothing
of that kind in it.
Mr. WARD. What is the reason for in-
creasing the judge's salary ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That amendment
hasbccn adopted, and the reason why the com-
mittee reported it was that they were satisfied
that the present compensation of the judge of
the district court of Louisiana, the two districts
being combined, would not be sufficient.
Mr. McRUER. At present the busihess in
the southern district of California is not very
large, but the country is rapidly filling up. The
people of southern California have nowto travel
three or four hundred miles to reach the court,
and if the court for the southern district be abol-
ished, they will be compelled to travel a hundred
miles further to San Francisco, which is the dis-
tance from Monterey, where the court is now
held. I trust, therefore, that the amendment
so far as it affects California will not be agreed
to. It costs some six or seven thousand dol-
lars a year to maintain that court. The south-
ern district of California is being rapidly set-
tled, and the presumption is that the business
will increase rather than diminish. Now, if
the bill to reorganize the judiciary shall pass,
and I understand it is about to be reported, it
will increase very materially the business to be
transacted. And, therefore, those who are con-
versant with this subject, think that this judge-
ship should be continued. Therefore I hope
that the bill, so far as it relates to the southern
district of California, will not be passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will state, in re-
ply to what the gentleman from California [Mr.
McRuer] has said, that the Committee on the
Judiciary h&ve investigated the subject of the
amount of business transacted in the southern
district of California. And we have come to
the conclusion that there is not business enough
in that district to occupy the attention of a
judge for one month of the entire year. They
have always stated to gentlemen who have op-
posed the abolition of that district, that if they
will show to the committee that there is busi-
ness enough there to warrant the continuance
of the district we would recommend an amend-
ment of this bill. No such showing has been
made, and no such showing can bo made. And
therefore I hope this bill will pass.
Mr. HIGBY. I agree with my colleague
[Mr. McRtier] that the time may arrive when
it will he necessary to have a judicial district
in the southern part of California. I recollect
that during the Thirty-Eighth Congress the
question came up, and information was ob-
tained from the most authentic sources that
there was very little business done in this
southern district, and that it might as well be
abolished as not.
Let me state one other fact: Monterey, the
place where the southern district court is
held, is one hundred mile3 from the city of
San Francisco. The facilities for traveling
there are as good as they are in other parts ot
the State. From Monterey to the southern
part of the State is about four hundred miles;
and people who have to go from the southern
part of the State four hundred miles to Mon-
terey, with the facilities for travel which they
have, might as well go the other hundred miles
to a court that can attend to all their business
as to go to this court which is almost a sine-
cure. We want the appropriations for Califor-
nia to be given for good and useful purposes.
And that is ono reason why I favor the posi-
tion taken by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now call the
previous question on this hill.
Mr. JENCKES. I understand this is a bill
to decrease the judicial force of the United
States, when it ought to be increased.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order
pending the call for the previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
call of the previous question; and upon a di-
vision, there were—ayes 56, noes 30; no quo-
rum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wilson of
Iowa, and Mr. Jexckbs were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 64, noes 29.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the bill was read
the third time and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
rhode island united states courts.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, reported back without
amendment, and with a recommendation that
it do pass, House bill No. 643, to alter the
places of holding the circuit courts of the
United States for the Rhode Island district.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides that from and after the 1st of
July, 1868, the circuit courts for the district of
Rhode Island shall commence and be held at
the United States court-room, in the city of
Providence, on the 15th of November, and the
15th of June in each year, instead of at the
