1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
bestowed as any other favor ever received from
the Government by any other portion of our
people. As we have progressed in civilization
and prosperity, we have been able to dispense
with this assistance. And I do not suppose
that that part of the country which I represent
in part will press against the judgment of the
West or the central portion of the Union the
continuance of this bounty.
Mr. ALLEY. I rise merely to say a word
in reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois. I have the honor to represent a dis-
trict which is lai'gely interested in the fisheries,
and I cannot permit the declarations and state-
ments of that gentleman to go to the country
without saying a word in behalf of an interest
so important to the country generally, and to
my constituents in particular.
I am not surprised, but I am very sorry, to
see the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
buiixe] assailing every interest that favors
New England upon every opportunity that
presents itself, i know not why it is; but ever
since I entered Congress, he has seized with
avidity upon every opportunity to censure the
acts of New England, and to go against her
- interests. That he is watchful and vigilant in
guarding the door of the Treasury 1 know, and
for this I commend him ; but it seems to me he
is a little more severe upon New England in-
terests than justice or policy require.
Now, with regard to this question of the
fishing bounties, it seems to me that there was
no necessity for the gentleman from Illinois to
make such an atlack upon that interest as lie
lias made niton this occasion. With regard to
the charges of fraud that have boon made upon
those who have received the benefit of this
bounty, that has been the cry from the com-
mencement of the opposition in this Hall to
this bounty system. The repeal of those fish-
ing bounties has been sought over and over
again by the southern members of Congress
when they were here, upon the ground chiefly
that the interests of New England were thereby
favored to the exclusion of other sections of
the country, and so apparent did it appear that
it was solely for that, reason thai their efforts
proved always unsuccessful.
Sir, as my colleague [Mr. Bhot] has ob-
served, it has been the policy of all other na-
tions to favor above almost any other industrial
pursuit the fishing interests. England has spent
ten dollars where we have spent one in foster-
ing that interest. France has done several
times us much as we have done in the same
period of lime. Spain has done a great deal.
And even Portugal lias regarded that interest
as one of the most important. At times in her
history, I believe, she has regarded it as the
most important other material interests. And
so also with thrifty and sagacious Holland, as
it has been with all countries that have had a
fishing inteiest to sustain and foster.
It lias been conceded, I believe, by all states-
men in oilier countries, and it has been held
by the wisest statesmen of this country ever
since the organization of the Government, that
there was 110 interest that needed fostering
more than the fishing interest, so far as the
growth and prosperity of the maritime inter-
ests of the country were concerned. And who-
ever will reflect upon the advantages which
have been secured to the maritime interests of
this country, and understands and comprehends
what the fishing interest- has done for commerce,
what it has done in the way of furnishing men
for our Navy, I think cannot certainly grudge
the small amount expended by the Govern-
ment for the fishing bounty system.
If there was 110 other benefit to lie derived
from it than that we have already derived
from its being a nursery of seamen for the
benefit of ihe commerce of the country and I
tho naval interests of the country, that alone j
wc-nld be sufficient to justify this small ex-
penditure. For although in the aggregate it
amounts to a large sum, when you consider
the period of time it covers, from 1700 don n
to the present moment, a period of seventy-six :
years, the amount per year is very small. 1
"Why was it that the fishing bounties were
granted by the founders of the Government?
Chiefly' because they saw the overruling ne-
cessity for a nursery of seamen, but partly,
also, on account of the onerous duty on salt;
and the benefit which has been derived from
that source has gone a great ways to offset the
amount paid out for bounties.
But, Mr. Chairman, that the fisheries are
of vast importance to this country, as much so
as to any other country, needs no argument, I
trust, to convince this House. That they are
local, comes from tho necessities of the case,
and however much gentlemen maybe disposed
to disparage them, they form, and must con-
tinue to form, an important element not only
affecting vitally our material interests, but as
nurseries of seamen of overshadowing impor-
tance to our commercial and naval service.
What American does not feel proud of the
glorious record made by our hardy fishermen in
maritime warfare upon the decks of our frigates
and gunboats in the several wars in which we
have been engaged ? I cheerfully admit that
in striking down the fishing bounties you give
them some equivalent, though slight, in other
provisions of the bill, for which, I trust, we
shall be duly thankful.
Mr. WASHB(JUNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has accused me of
voting against New England measures. I would
like to know what particular measures I have
voted against which he has not voted against.
He has made a general statement; I desire that
it shall be made specific.
Mr. ALLEY'. 1 will say, Mr. Chairman,
that I am not here to specify any particular
measure: but 1 do not believe that there is an
individual member who has been here as long
as 1 have who will not bear witness to the truth
of my assertion when 1 say that the gentleman
from Illinois has upon every occasion gone
against New England interests, especially when
it involved expenditures of public money.
Mr. WASJlliURNE. of Illinois. Can the
gentleman state one occasion when I opposed
New England interests? I can state one occa-
sion when the gentleman from Massachusetts
undertook to get in a little amendment about
leather. I wont against it, and the House went
against it also. [Laughte".]
Mr. ALLEY. I'he gentleman's statement is
a gratuity entirely ; I never undertook to get
in such an amendment, never against a vote of
the House, or when the House did not sustain
me.
Mr. GR1NNELL resumed the floor.
Mr. LYNCH. Will the gentleman from Iowa
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. (illlNNULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. LYNCH. The gent Ionian from Illinois
has said that the Government has paid to the
fishermen $1.">,000,000.
Mr. WASriB[JUNE, of Illinois. [ did not
say that. The Secretary of the Treasury said it.
Mr. LYNCH. Well, as I understand, the gen-
tleman takes the ground that that $15,000,000
has been paid, as a bounty to a class interest.
Now, I desire to ask the gentleman a question.
If that interest had been taxed $1.">,000,000,
who would have paid the tax finally? Would not
the consumers have paid it? I presume the gen-
tleman would answer in the affirmative. Now,
sir, if .>1 ">,000,000 has been paid by the Govcru-
vernmeut as a bounty, have not tho consumers
finally got the benefit, of that?
Mr. GJUNNELL. Mr. C'h airman, 1 shall
hereafter, when the opportunity arises, offer the
following amendment:
Add at tho end of tho third section tho following :
On wool ton cents per pound, and ton per cnl. ,nl
vaforent: cleansed, twonty-tivo cent1* perpound; and
011 shoddy or mungo, tifty cents per pound.
Mr. Chairman, the national pulse has a feverish
throb. Rumors of conspiracies against our na-
tional credit pass from city to city with the speed
of lightning. The alliance of any party with
our foreign enemies was thought to be impotent
for mischief while carrying a debt to bo honor-
ably discharged by a tariff and internal revenue
tax. We have i,-sted in a delusion. Foreign
emissaries, taking advantage of gluted grain
markets, since a mighty army of men and horses
are disbanded, and the high price of fabrics
woven with dear labor, and from cotton many
times its usual price, are perambulating the
Northwest, organizing free-trade leagues, with
exclamations on the rumors of rich dividends
on manufacturing stocks, and scattering their
tracts thick as autumnal leaves in the forest, and
are hopeful of early results. It is section against
section, occupation against occupation. Tho
national leagueis officered most sagaciously with
an array of high-sounding names, and in the
back-ground are the sinews of this foreign war-
fare, controlled by agents apt in combinations,
who have, by the enlistment of newspapers,
adopted one half of their free-trade maxim,
namely, "to buy where you can buy the
cheapest."
We are carried back to that well-established
fact in our legislation, that subscriptions were
made in Manchester and Glasgow of $60,000,
and in all not less than $1,000,000 were spent
of British money to break down our tariff in
1846. This was deemed a wise investment if
but one per cent, was made 011 their exporta-
tions, and since they sold more than one hun-
dred million dollars' worth of goods a year to
us following 18-4G than the five years preceding,
the return was most satisfactory. How much
more tempting is the prize now! We have
added ten millions to our people and from four
million things have made men with the wants
of civilization. Hungry war for years has de-
voured our substance, and fratricidal strife and
slaughter has lessened our usual production,
yet we have a surplus of 50,000,000 bushels of
wheat and 200,000.000 bushels of corn waiting*
for purchasers. An annual importation of
$370,000,000 in value of goods fails to glut the
market, and our bonds, by the world's judg-
ment better than consols, can be had for sixty-
five cents on a dollar by a gold standard: and
so stands our national balance-sheet that after
exporting all our gold and the same amount of
domestic products the present year as the last,
that to protect our bonds and corporate indebt-
edness $200,000,000 in value of our bonds would
be required. No wonder that wo tempt the spirit
of perfidy and cupidity which, like birds of evil
omen during war, hovering, waited for our
national annihilation.
I have before me a letter of recent date from
one of our distinguished citizens now in Lon-
don, from which 1 read the following:
"Tho idoa of supplying our markets is uppermost
in their minds. Their iron-works arc vastly ex-
tended—one establishment. covering near twenty
acres of land. They have 110 idea that wc have a
1 iprht to do anything but raise ttie raw material and
send it to them to be worked.
"I wish every American could hear these British
talk free trade. They tairly hate us because we have
a tariff. A member of oneof the largcstmanufactur-
ing firm? in Great Britain said they would have our
tariff reduced this session of Congress. They think
Morrill ought to be hung instead ot Jeff. Davis—a
very high compliment."
Our consul at Liverpool warns us that great
efforts will now be made by English capital-
ists and manufacturers to induce us to reduce
our tariff and permit them to do all our manu-
facturing. "There will be a. terrible pressure
put 011 the Government." This is tho language
of the London Mining Journal:
"The formal constitution of a free-trade, league in
the United States is a very hoyetiit sign. The repre-
sentatives trom the South are ahno^t sure to vote for
it, and it will be strange if the West does not. Should
the°o anticipations prove into, we may expect a very
large trade with that country."
But 011 home testimony this suspense is not
to be of long continuance. An officer of the
league, author of the "Buckeye Abroad,''
and of "Eight Years in Congress," who made
in this House a strange commingling of figures
and fiction, takes up the prophetical office
in his book of speeches, and announces pre-
fatorily that "before 186S, agriculture and
commerce, labor of all kinds, consumers of
every degree, will join in a new Bund to res-
cue famishing toil from fiscal tyranny.'' Such
is the strain prophetic taken up by that Sam-
uel who has not perished between the temple
