1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iM
of freedom and the altar of sacrifice. Such are
the emissaries who would destroy our domes-
tic industry and give England a market worth
more than the trade of her colonies and the
Indies. Stern justice is the most we owe to
that country, and before asking us to accept of
the selfish theories of her economists and bribes
of her agents let her make apologies that in
the drear night of our war she raised slave-
driving traitors to the dignity and power of
belligerents. Let her atone for masked neu-
trality compounded with the crimes of pirates,
when her honored citizens furnished capital for
the fitting out of the Alabamas and Shenan-
doahs to sweep our commerce from the ocean,
and meet our claims of millions of dollars lost
on the oceans, with which that Government is
chargeable, then we may consider the question
of "famishing toil," and whether it shall bo
our policy to degrade and oppress labor to the
foreign standard or invite the skilled artisans
of the Old World to the comfort and compe-
tence to be found in the New. The question
of our national independence and readiness to
meet any domestic war or foreign invasion I
leave to be decided by the following reflection,
which needs no comment, being both a finan-
cial lesson and a political caution and warning:
economy from an ex-rebel.
A sagacious rebel general recently remarked,
"We made two great mistakes. Had we avoided
them we should have conquered you. The first was
that we did not substantially destroy the protective
features of the tariff in the winter session of 18o/-o8
by an act which provided a rapid annua] sliding
scale to free trade. As a Democratic mensiue, we
could have passed such a law and held it tight on you
till it had closed the furnaces, workshops, woolen
and cotton mills, and steel and bar and iron works
of the whole North and West, and scattered your
workmen over the prairies and Territories. When
the war was ready for you you wouldn't have been
ready for the war. You could not have armed and
equipped and put in the field a large army, nor bmlt
a navy. You would have been without supplies,
machinery, and workmen, and you "would have been
without money and credit. Our second mistake was
in withdrawing our Senators and Representatives
from your Congress. Had we loft them there, their
vote, combined with the northern Democratic, would
have thwaited every military and financial measure
necessary to enable you to carry on the war lor a sui-
ficient length of time to have enabled us to seize the
Government, occupy some of your States, obtain
recognition abroad, and dictate hard terms to J'011*
How the we blundered in these two respects 1
can't understand, except upon the hypothesis of an
overruling Providence."
He who now, under the guise of friendship
for labor, proffers free trade or even a reduction
of our tariff, save to make it equal, and shouts
L i Monopoly!'' to decry our manufactures, strikes
at our infant enterprises, builds up mighty rivals,
and deserves execration. I venture a reply, and
propose to
1. Examine the charge of monopoly.
2. The theory and practical results of free
3. The true policy and just demands of the
agricultural interests of the Northwest.
monopoly.
Monopoly is a most convenient term of re-
proach on the lips of free traders who find it
more convenient to excite prejudice than to
answer arguments, it meaning exclusive advan-
tages or control by production or sale. It is
easy to prove that free trade tends directly to
establish a foreign monopoly, while protection
will distribute the benefits of trade and pro-
duction at home. ^
A hundred years of direct and indirect pro-
tection, by the British Government, of their
manufactures, hasbrought togetlierwell-skilled
labor, anil making an alliance with a moneyed
power lias secured colossal fortunes which at
the first opportunity would be launched upon
infant enterprises, paying larger interest for
money and meeting heavy internal taxes, ana
without governmental protection.
Great Britain has had a long experience.
She controls her own markets, and has the
power to combine her merchants, ship-masteis,
and capitalists to break down any rivals, She
has nothing to fear from unfriendly legislation,
* and experience has given a technical and busi-
ness skill which sways a capital thai will forego
returns to-day, if on the depression or ''urn -
our industry she can in the future dictate prices
to her rival as in the past.
The power of capital entices the strong and
controls the weak. In the language of Edmund
Burke, "The large capitals of Great Britain
are the great instruments of warfare against
the competing capital of foreign countries, and
are the most essential instruments now remain-
ing by which the supremacy of our manufactures
can be maintained." Our labor costs thirty
per cent, more than hers, and cash capital
is fifty per cent, dearer; but by protection our
workmen became so far skilled, and aid to such
an accumulation of capital by skillful manage-
ment that certain articles are made cheaper
here than in any other country. There are, of
this class, printing presses, sewing-machines,
India-rubber goods, reaping and mowing ma-
chines, forks, hoes, axes, shovels, cut nails,
combs, tacks, and clocks. Who believes that
if Great Britain alone manufactured these ar-
ticles that they would be as cheap as now when
we can defy her competition in the markets of
the world? liepeatedly has she broken down
rivals to control the markets, and nothing is
plainer than this, that the spirit which forbade
the colonies to manufacture before the Revolu-
tion, and has used the power of genteel bribery
to break down our tariff, was to establish a for-
eign monopoly, whose establishment could be
measured by the dependence of labor, and then-
regard for us by the prospect of national
destruction.
if, then, tariffs create a monopoly, it is one
in which the Government and the whole people
have an interest, furnishing articles for taxa-
tion and giving scope for enterprise and diver-
sifying labor, establishing independence and
thrift by those methods approved in the history
of the strongest and wisest Governments of
earth. It is our first duty to secure to the na-
tion those privileges to which 1he endowments
of nature give title; to discriminate against an-
other Government is to invite labor on our own
soil to be better paid, and where the citizen may
find a fair field for his industry and skill. Js it
then the monopoly of trade or a section? Not
at all. He may at his option work in leather,
at the forge, in the cotton or woolen mill,
whether a citizen of Maine or Iowa. There are
no special permits for the purchase of cotton
or wool or leather. Water-power, from the
Mcrrimac to the Missouri, can be obtained for
a trivial sum. In Pennsylvania, coal lands by
the acre can be bought at the rate of one mill a
bushel for coal in the mines; and iron ore atone
penny a ton. The untold mineral wealth of
Lake Superior and the iron mountains of Mis-
souri are awaiting purchasers at nominal figures.
From the meeting of the turbid waters of the
Missouri with the Mississippi, up to the leading
Minnehaha, there is water power, virtually free,
sufficient to weave clothing for all the people
on the globe, and coal sufficient in the State of
Iowa alone, by the testimony of geology, for
domestic and manufacturing purposes to meet
the wants of all civilized nations, which can be
bought at the pricc of a New Jersey peach
orchard or a New England pasture by the acre.
Whore is the manufacturing monopoly? Capi-
tal from abroad and skilled labor are more than
welcome. The protection of law, national pride,
and every social interest, invite competition
and summon capital, enterprise, and skill, to
share the dividends of mechanical industry.
What more delusive, then, than this cry of mo-
nopoly when all the avenues of trade 011 our own
soil are alike open to every capitalist or free-
trade croaker, native or foreign?
the proposed antidote.
I turn to the antidote of monopoly—free trade
—most wonderful panacea for a nation s ills,
as if the physician, prescribing in sickness, ever
took his own medicine. It is not I ranee, her
anuual tariff duties being next in amount to
those of Great Britain, which are §1-0,000,000
annually ; more than double our own; as a term
applied only a philological petty larceny; nor
does the real free trade, as illustrat ed by 1 ortu-
1 gal. Turkey, and nations of lower rank, pre-
sent those attractions which should swerve us
from our national policy. In the decline, not
less than in the rise and progress of nations,
we have enforced the wisest lessons of political
economy and warnings in the memory of those
years which mark the eras of 1837 and 1866,
under a rule which brought low prices, little
demand for labor, financial convulsions, and
bankruptcy in our country.
Free-trade maxims and theoriesmay "be polit-
ically sound as between States under one Gov-
ernment with joint liabilities and common in-
terests and motives to expansion; but can we
put them in practice? I answer, no ; involv-
ing—
1. A breach of faith to the employers of eight
hundred millions of capital which has been
invested under the implied pledge of protec-
tion such as a tariff affords against the inunda-
tion of the country with foreign goods. It is
the policy inaugurated in the preamble to the
second act passed by the First Congress, that—
"Whereas it is necessary for the support of'Gov-
ernment, for the discharge of the debts of the united
States, and for the encouragement and protection of
manufactures, that taxes be laid on goods, wares, and
merchandise imported."
Washington, in his homespun, signed the pro-
tective law; and the nation has never had a
free-trade President, but rather received those
molding influences by the authority of the great
names pledged to manufacturing interests, lead-
ing to a development that for the last fifty years
their growth has been double that of our popu-
lation.
2. A change of our long-approved policy
would involve a reducing of our operatives,
the workers in iron, leather, and in the cotton
and woolen mills, proximately to the standards
of foreign labor. That plane of the operatives
of the Old World which represents a hundred
million people is far below ours in the dif-
fusion of intelligence and the promotion of
comfort and morality. Our ten millions would
have no adequate power to draw up to us a hun-
dred millions wanting in the versatility of our
people too poor to emigrate; and the alter-
native would be presented in a demand inex-
orable as death to sink to poverty and discom-
fort or seek another employment. Mercantile
or professional life would furnish but few open-
ings, and skilled labor could only betake itself
to agricultural pursuits. What arithmetic could
then compute the years of apprenticeship! and
dear experience wasted by millions as novices?
Where the scope for mechanical skill and
inventive genius so necessary to develop and
employ the varied gifts of the race? The
delicate artisan, with untrained muscle, then
comes into competition with brawny workmen
in the field, and. transferred from a profitable
consumer to a producer, there follows over-
production and a glutted, worthless market.
3. It would deprive the nation of that cheap
method of collecting revenue which, by the con-
current judgment of the wisest Governments,
is the least oppressive and offensive to the peo-
ple. It would destroy, by a safe judgment,
two thirds of the product of our manufacturing
industry, amounting to $2,000,000,000 annu-
ally, and deprive the Government of not less
than fifty millions now collected by excise duty,
leaving no alternative but repudiation or a
direct taxation on real estate more oppressive
than has ever been borne by any nation m
modern times. .,
4. This dispersion of skilled labor, sure to fol-
low unsuccessful competition with cheap capi-
tal and poor-paid labor abroad, and the closing
of manufacturing establishments, wonId pre-
sent to powerful nations salient points of attack,
and greatly lessen our security. _
With a small army, and facilities furnished
bv furnaces in full blast, manufactories mgood
order, and abundant workmen, we established
our promptitude and ability to build navies,
mold and mount guns, equip and clothe regi-
ments with such facility that our success in the
rebellion was early assured; and the failure
of the rebels as plainly foreshadowed in their
want of furnaces and factories, on the closing
of their ports to unfriendly nations.
