1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
places heretofore established by law; provided,
that when either of the days last named shall
fall on Sunday, the session of said court then
next to be held shall commence on the Mon-
day next following.
The second section provides that all indict-
ments, informations, suits, or actions, and pro-
ceedings- pf every kind, either of a civil or
criminal nature, pending in said circuit court
on the 1st of July, 1806, shall thereafter have
day in court and be proceeded in, heard,
tried, and determined on the days and at the
place herein appointed for holding; said court,
in the same manner and with the same effect
as if the court had been held as heretofore
ordered by law.
Tli e third section provides that all writs, suits,
cognizances, and other proceedings, which
shall or may be instituted, served, commenced,
or begun in said court, shall be returnable at
the times and place by this act provided, in
the same manner and with the same effect as
if the court had been held as heretofore pro-
vided by law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
COUNTERFEITING PUBLIC SECURITIES, ETC.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back with
amendments the bill (H. R. No. 719) to pun-
ish certain crimes in relation to the public
securities and currency, and for other purposes.
The bill, which was read, provides in the first
section, that if any person or persons shall buy,
sell, exchange, transfer, receivc or deliver, any
false, forged, counterfeited or altered bond,
bill, certificate of indebtedness, certificate of
deposit, coupon, draft, check, bill of exchange,
money order, indorsement, United States note,
Treasury note, circulating note, postage stamp,
postage stamp note, fractional note, or other
obligation or security of the United States, or
circulating note of any banking association
organized or acting under the laws of the Uni-
ted States, which has been issued or may here-
after be issued under any act of Congress here-
tofore passed, or which may hereafter be passed,
with the intent, expectation, or belief, that the
same shall or will be passed, altered, published
or used as true and genuine, such person or
persons so offending, shall be deemed guilty of
felony, and on conviction thereof shall be im-
prisoned not more than fifteen years, or fined
not more than $10,000, or both, at the discre-
tion of the court.
The second section proposes to enact that it
shall not be lawful to design, engrave, print,
or in any manner make or execute, or to utter,
issue, distribute, circulate or use, any business
or professional card, notice, placard, circular,
handbill, or advertisement, in the likeness or
similitude of any bond, certificate of indebted-
ness, certificate of deposit, coupon, United
States note, Treasury note, circulating note,
fractional note, postage stamp note, or other
obligation or security of the United States, or
of any banking association organized or acting
under the laws thereof, which has been or may
be issued under or authorized by any act of
Congress heretofore passed or which may here-
after be passed. Any person or persons offend-
ing against the provisions of this section are
on conviction to be fined $1,000, to be recov-
ered by an action of debt, one half to the use
of the informer.
The third section provides that it shall not
be lawful to write, print, or otherwise impress
upon any bond, certificate of indebtedness, or
other instrument specified in the last preceding
section, any business or professional card, no-
tice, or advertisement, or any notice or adver-
tisement of any goods, wares, or merchandise,
or of any drug or medicine, or of any inventi&n
or patent, or of any other matter or thing what-
soever; and any person or persons offending
against the provisions of this section is to be
subject to a penalty of $300, to be recovered
by an action of debt, one half to the use of the
informer.
The fourth section enacts if any person shall,
without authority from the United States, take,
procure, make, or cause to be taken, procured,
or made, upon lead, foil, wax, plaster, paper,
or any other substance or material, an impres-
sion, stamp, or imprint of, from, or by the use
of, any bed-plate, bed-piece, die, roll, plate,
seal, type, or other tool, implement, instru-
ment, or thing, used or fitted, or intended
to be used, in printing, stamping, or impress-
ing, or in making other tools, implements, in-
struments, or things to be used, or fitted, or
intended to be used, in printing, stamping,
or impressing any kind or description of
bond, bill, note, certificate, coupon, or other
paper, obligation, security, or instrument now
authorized, or hereafter to be authorized, by
law, to be executed, altered, delivered, given,
issued, or put in circulation by, for, or on be-
half of the United States, such person shall be
deemed guilty of felony, and on conviction be
punished by imprisonment not more than fif-
teen years nor less than five years, or by fine
not less than $5,000, or both, at the discretion
of the court. ,
It is provided in the fifth section that if any
person shall have in his possession, keeping,
custody, or control, without authority from the
United States, any imprint, stamp, or impres-
sion, taken or made upon any substance or
material whatsoever, of any tool, implement,
instrument, orthing used or fitted, or intended
to be used, for any or either of the purposes
mentioned in the last foregoing section; or if
any person shall sell, give, or deliver any such
imprint, stamp, or impression to any other per-
son, such person, so offending, shall be deemed
guilty of felony, and on conviction bo punished
by imprisonment not more- than fifteen years
nor less than five years, or by fine not less than
$5,000, at the discretion of the court.
The sixth section proposes to enact that if
any person, whether employed underthe United
States or not, shall, without authority from the
United States, secrete within, embezzle, or take
and carry away from any building, room, office,
apartment, vault, safe, or other place where
the same is kept, used, employed, placed,
lodged, or deposited by authority of the United
States, any bed-piece, bed-plate, roll, plate,
die, seal, type, or other tool, implement, or
thing used, or fitted to be used, in stamping or
printing or in making some other tool or im-
plement used, or fitted to be used, in stamping
or printing any kind or description of bond,
bill, note, certificate, coupon, postage stamp,
revenue stamp, fractional currency note, or
other paper, instrument, obligation, device, or
document now authorized or hereafter to be
authorized by law to be printed, stamped,
sealed, prepared, issued, uttered, or put in cir-
culation by or on behalf of the United States,
or shall, without such authority, so secrete,
embezzle, or take and carry away any paper,
parchment, or other material prepared and in-
tended to be used in the making of any or either
of such papers, instruments, obligations, de-
vices, or documents, or shall, without such
authority, so secrete, embezzle, or take and
carry away any paper, parchment, or other
material printed or stamped, in whole,, or in
partj and intended to be prepared, issued, or
put m circulation, by or on behalf of the United
States, as one of the papers, instruments, or
obligations hereinbefore named or printed or
stamped, in whole or in part, in the similitude
of any such paper, instrument, or obligation,
whether it be intended to issue or put the same
in circulation or not, such person or persons
so offending shall, on conviction, be punished
by imprisonment not exceeding fifteen years nor
less than five years, or by fine not less than
$5,000, or both, at the discretion of the court.
The seventh section enacts that if any per-
son shall take and carry away, without author-
ity from the United States, from the place
where it has been filed, lodged, or deposited,
or where it may for the time being actually be
kept by authority of the United States, any
certificate, affidavit, deposition, written state-
ment of facts, power of attorney, receipt,
voucher, assignment, or other document, rec-
ord, file, or paper prepared, fitted, or intended
to be used or presented in order to procure the
payment of money from or by the United States
or any officer or agent thereof, or the allowance
or payment of the whole or any part of any
claim, account, or demand against the United
States, whether the same has or has not al-
ready been so used or presented, and whether
such claim, account, or demand, or any part
thereof, has or has not already been allowed
or paid; or if any person shall present or use
or attempt to use any such document, record,
file, or paper so taken and carried away, in
order to procure the payment of any money
from or by the United States, or any officer or
agent thereof, or the allowance or payment of
the whole or any part of any claim, account,
or demand against the United States, such per-
son so offending shall be deemed guilty of
felony, and on conviction be imprisoned not
more than fifteen years or fined not more than
$10,000, at the discretion of the court.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The amendment
which I am directed by the committee to re-
port is to insert after the words "postage
stamps," in the eighth line of the first section,
the words "revenue stamps."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. JOHNSON. The first section of this
bill, if I understand it correctly, provides for
punishing, by heavy penalties, any person hav-
ing in his possession any forged or counterfeit
money without requiring proof of any guilty
knowledge. I suggest that the word "know-
ingly" ought to be inserted. I. call for the
reading of the first section.
The Clerk read the first section of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. It will be observed that
this section provides a penalty for any person
who undertakes to pass any forged or counter-
feit security, but it requires no proof fixing
guilty knowledge upon the party. It seems to
me especially important that the word "know-
ingly' ' should be inserted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think the gentle-
man misapprehends the language of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I certainly listened to it
with a great deal of attention.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The first section
provides for the punishment of those who cir-
culate counterfeit securities '' with the intent,
expectation, or belief, that the same shall or
will be passed, altered, published, or used as
true and genuine."
Mr. JOHNSON. Every man who disposes
of a genuine security expects that.
Mr. JENCKES. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Judiciary Commit-
tee to a fact which I mentioned to him in the
early part of the session, that there is no pun-
ishment now prescribed by law for forging
registers and other documents of United States
courts and custom-houses; and I ask him
whether he will not consent to have inserted
in this bill a provision supplying this omission
in our laws.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It may be very
proper for us to pass a separate bill to meet
the difficulty suggested by the gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Jexckes ;] but I think we
ought not to delay the passage of this bill in
order to prepare an amendment to cover that
case.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to call the at-
tention of the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee to that section with reference to having
the possession of dies or stamps. I think that
the objection suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania certainly applies to that section.
The section, I believe, contains no words which
require proof of guilty knowledge or intent.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. A die found in pos-
session of a person not entitled to have the
same raises a presumption of guilt.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think not.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. They are to be
