1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21 IS
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator from Cali-
fornia takes care of his own conscience.
_ Mr. HOWARD. I hope he has a very con-
siderable task at times in doing so. [Laughter. ]
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very.
Mr. HOWARD. And now, Mr. President,
I think that I have answered that objection, cer-
tainly in a manner satisfactory to my own mind,
however unsatisfactory I may have been in
regard to the minds of others.
The next objection relied upon by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts appears to
be that the constitution which has been actu-
ally framed and is now before us is not in per-
fect accordancewith that clause of the enabling
act which requires that the constitution shall
not be repugnant to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States nor to the principles of the Declara-
tion ol' Independence; and he seems to hold
that the restriction upon the right of suffrage
found in the constitution of Colorado, by which
all persons who are not white persons are ex-
cluded from the electoral privilege, is a depart-
ure from that clause of the enabling act. the
clause in the State constitution declaring that
every white male citizen of the age of twenty-
one years, &c., shall have the right to vote.
I do not understand that this is any viola-
tion of or departure from the principles of the
Declaration of Independence. I was never
able to discover in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence that it was the right of every person,
white and black, to vote at the polls. There
is certainly no such clause contained in it, and
I believe it has never received such a construc-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. I would ask my learned
friend if the Declaration of Independence does
not contain the proposition that all men are
equal in rights.
Mr. HOWARD. The Declaration of Inde-
pendence declares that "all men are created
equal."
Mr. SUMNER. That means equal in rights.
Mr. HOWARD. And that ''they are en-
dowed with certain inalienable rights."
Mr. SUMNER. Then permit me to ask him,
does it not go further and say that all just gov-
ernment stands on the consent of the gov-
erned ? My learned friend will see that by this
constitution one whole class is excluded.
Mr. HOWARD. I see plainly that one whole
class is excluded by this constitution. That is
very true; but it does not follow from that fact
that it is a violation of the principles of the
Declaration of Independence, in my judgment.
I suppose that notwithstanding the Declaration
of Independence, it is the right of every organ-
ized political community to regulate the right
of suffrage according to the opinions and desires
of a majority of that community. When'wc
come to the question of government in a repub-
lican country the great and only final test is the
will of the majority, whatever maybe the com-
ponent parts of the population. If, therefore,
it be the will of a "majority to exclude certain
classes from the right of suffrage, where that
will is exercised freely, I do not know any higher
law pertaining to a republican government than
that will. It must be submitted to. It may be
right or it may be wrong in point of morals, in
point of philosophic principles, but it must be
submitted to as a practical rule of conduct,
whatever may be the theory in regard to it.
I do not, I confess, Mr. President, regard this
restriction of the right of suffrage in the Colo-
rado constitution as of importance enough to
withhold my vote from the bill nowundercon-
sideration. If there was a large portion of the
people of Colorado who were colored, if they
were an important portion of the population,
the question would then present itself in a dif-
ferent aspect, and it might become a very serious
question whether they ought not to be admitted
to a participation in the privileges of govern-
ment; but as I understand it, the numberthere
is only some forty or fifty.
Mr. SUMNER. One hundred.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose thereare 100, and
suppose the population of the present Territory
of Colorado to be 30,000 or 35,000 or 40,000
or 50,000; I ask you, sir, especially as Con-
gress has already passed upon this question,
according to my apprehension, whether we
ought now to hesitate and to keep the State
out of the Union, simply because her people
happen to have exercised the same right, the
same power, be it right or wrong, which is
exercised in the constitution of almost every
other State in the Union.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand my learned
friend as arguing that you- may deny rights to
one hundred persons but you may not deny
them to a thousand?
Mr. HOWARD. I leave that question to
the decision of the majority of the people of
Colorado as the best test, aa the most satisfac-
tory rule for my conduct at present, especially
as the number of that class of persons is so
very small. I beg to say, however, and this 1
speak from my deepest convictions, that I think
the time is not far distant when every citizen
of the United States, black or white, ought to
be and will be admitted to the right of suffrage.
I could wish it were otherwise in the present
case; T could wish thatthe people of Colorado
in forming this constitution had seen fit to omit
the word "white" as a qualifying provision be-
fore "person." in reference to suffrage, and I
shall vote under the expectation that that gen-
erous and enterprising people who have done
so much according to their numbers to uphold
the Government of the United States during
the late war will see to it hereafter that this
error shall be corrected in their constitution,
and that all persons, black and white, shall be
permitted to vote in that State. I hope the
same principle will be carried throughout the
States, and that we shall all live to see the
day—I expect to live to see it, and at no very
distant period—when there shall be no such
distinction in respect to suffrage as "colored"
or "white." I believe that it is as much the
right of the colored man to vote at an election
as the white man; but still we must look to
these matters in a practical sense; we must
contemplate them as practical questions of
legislation, and not as mere theoretical ques-
tions.
But, sir, it is said that this constitution ori-
ginated irregularly, without the sanction of law,
and the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks]
has passed some severe criticisms on this feat-
ure of the ease. I do not regard this constitu-
tion as having originated without law. I look
upon the statute of 1861 as containing, as I
before remarked, a pledge to the people of
Colorado that they should coine into the
Union, as a pledge to them of the privilege of
forming a State constitution, Congress having
adjudged that their numbers were sufficient
and that their situation at that remote point
was such as to make it necessary and proper
that they should form a State constitution and
be admitted into the Union. It is very true
that certain provisions of the act of 1861, relat-
ing to the proceedings to be taken in the Ter-
ritory, had lapsed and ecased to be operative
in consequencc of the lapse of time. In such
a question as this, Mr. President, is the mere
lapse of a few months' time of such importance
as to justify gentlemen in saying that Congress
is under no obligation to the people of Colo-
rado? We know very well that in all legal pro-
ceedings, even in proceedings of the most sol-
emn character, where life itself is at stake in a
court of justice, the court, in most cases, holds
time to be merely immaterial: it is the sub-
stance of the thing to which the court looks;
and it seems to me, in this case, it is the sub-
stance, it is the promise, the encouragement,
the pledge which we in our sincerity held out
to the people of Colorado, that ought to govern
us, and not the mere question of the lapse of
time.
Now, sir, I have notheard any complaint made
that in the proceedings preliminary to the elec-
tion of delegates to the convention that framed
this constitution there was any fraud or unfair-
ness whatever. The Senator from Massachu-
setts has made no such allegation. He does
not protend, nor does any Senator pretend, that
the mode of taking the vote was unfair, that
there was any fraud or corruption in the whole
proceeding; and I take it that if Senators are
silent upon this, which would appear to be a
very grave objection, it may be taken for
granted that the proceedings were entirely fair;
that although the constitution originated sport-
taneously with the people, and was carried
forward by their consent until it finally became
consummated in the form of a constitution,
that is no reason whatever why we should dis-
regard the constitution itself, or look upon it
with suspicion.
I have in my mind, sir, a precedent which
may not be without its interest on this occa-
sion. It is one relating to my own State. The
State of Michigan organized "itself under an act
of the territorial government of the Territory
of Michigan, and utterly without the sanction
of Congress or any fundamental law, in the
year 1835. It called a convention, which assem-
bled, framed and adopted a State constitution,
and that constitution was submitted formally
to the vote of the people of the Territory in
the fall of 1835, if my memory serves me, and
the people of the Territory assented to the
constitution and ratified it. Subsequently, in
1836, Congress passed an act declaring that
Michigan should be admitted into the Onion
as a State, provided a convention of her people
should give their assent to a change of her
boundaries on the southern border. The Sen-
ator from Ohio, perhaps, is old enough to rec-
ollect that rather stirring controversy between
his great and gigantic State and the little Terri-
tory of Michigan. The Territory of Michigan
'called a convention in pursuance of a regular
territorial statute. That convention met and
took into solemn consideration the proposition
of Congress to assent to a change of bounda-
ries which stripped us of several townships on
our southern border, and decidcd that they
would not consent to it; and the convention
dispersed and went home. The Democratic
party, then entirely omnipotent in the State,
discovering that it might be necessary in order
to give strength to Mr. Van Buren, who was
then a candidate for the Presidency, took upon
themselves, through their leaders, to call a pop-
ular convention, which the boys at that time
were in the habit of calling the frost-bitten con-
vention. A vote was taken in a most irregular
manner throughout the Territory, without oath,
without challenge, without any of the forms
of law ordinarily observed at such elections.
Another convention was elected in this irregu-
lar way; that convention assembled together,
although it was supposed that the law itself
had spent its force under which the former con-
vention was called, and gave the assent of the
Territory to this change of boundary; where-
upon a no less distinguished individual than
Andrew Jackson, then President of theUnited
States, issued his proclamation, founded en-
tirely upon the assent of this irregular popular
convention, and announced to the people of
the United States that the State of Michigan
was admitted into the Union. I do not refer
to this precedent as one to be followed in all
eases. At the time I regarded it more as a
warning and as an admonition for the future
than as a thing to be approved; but there it is
upon the statute-book, and there is the proc-
lamation of President Jackson, and here stands
Michigan to-day admitted into the Union in
virtue of such a popular decree.
Mr. President, I have consumed more time
than I intended upon this subject. I regard,
as I said before, the statute of 1864 as holding
out to the people of Colorado the pledge of
Congress, that upon the formation of a consti-
tution by them which is republican in form;
and not inconsistent with the Declaration of
Independence, they shall be admitted into
Congress as one of the States of the Union on
an equality with the other States ; and I shall
vote to reconsider the bill, and I hope to have
the good luck to vote for the bill upon its final
passage and to see it adopted by a very respect-
able majority of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, as I feel
