THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
While ill claims that the southern States have
destroyed themselves, yet it admits that, like
Blind Samson of old, m their dying agonies
they seized hold of the pillars and tore the i
temple in rains to its very foundations, and j
that they in their desolation to-day are only a
portion of the general wreck. It is notice to
the world that the war to restore the Union
was aft utter failure—that the war is over and
yet the Union is rent in twain. We have
incurred a, debt which would absorb for its
payment now one fourth of all the taxable
property in the United States. Blood has
flown like the torrents of the mountains, and
lives have been swept away like autumn leaves
in a storm, and yet neither people nor States,
according to the logic which assails the Presi-
dent, have been brought back into the Union
to repay these stupendous sacrifices. But still
farther. In what attitude before the civilized
nations does this pernicious heresy place the
Federal Government? If we were waging war
on an independent Power, a separate existing
nation, how was it that we refused all negotia-
tions for peace except upon the basis of its utter
annihilation? Wars between different civilized
Powers are made to repair injuries, to resent
insults, or to reclaim rights which have been
denied; but there is no law of nations which
justifies one Government, because of its supe-
rior strength, in inflicting obliteration and mur-
der upon its inferior neighbor. This doctrine
is one of barbarism, in which the law of force
is the law of right. Much pathetic eloquence
and many bitter tears have attested the world's
sympathy with Poland, with Hungary, and with
poor, poor Ireland, and maledictions attend
upon their destroyers; but with what, curses of
indignation would an enfghtened posterity and
an impartial history assail us lor blotting out by
sl)3er force of arms a nation of our own kindred,
who simply desired to possess their own in peace
and leave us to do the same! Sir, in every as-
pect the theory which now controls the majority !
of this House is fraught with death and dis-
grace to the Bepublic. I turn from its contem-
plation to a more cheerful theme. I will con-
trast against it the conduct and principles of the
Executive, for which. I think, he deserves well
at the hands of his countrymen.
What was the wish, the hope, the prayer of
every heart not fatally bent on mischief, not
an enemy to the human race, when the last of
the southern forces laid down their arms ? Was
it that this bitter period of strife should bp pro-
longed and the fires of hate and malice kept
alive forever? Was it that at the close of such
a hurricane, willi the billows yet swelling in
angry commotion around us, we weie to start
afresh upon the long voyage of political discov-
ery and legislative piracy which the bold mariner
from Pennsylvania f Mr. Stevexs] and his rad-
ical followers now, like Viking robbers of the
ancient seas, point out to us ? Was it not rather
that the vessel should be brought back and qui-
etly and firmly anchored as nearly as possible
at her old moorings? Was it not rather that
the corner-stones, boundary lines, and land-
marks of the fathers of the Republic should be
traced out and restored? I here assert that
when the President closed the temple of .Janus,
refused to go in search of new principles by
which to administer the Government, and ex-
tended the hand of friendship and assistance
to the crippled and bleeding though living, ves,
living States of the South, he met the demands
of the popular will and laid claims to the grat-
itude of the present and the future. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] says
such a recognition of their existence coming
from " a man of respectable standing is some-
thing worse than ridiculous." The American j
people to-day do not think so, nor will their !
posterity. I
It is contended, however, that the Executive j
had no power to appoint provisional governors, i
There are those, in my own party as""well as in j
the other who assert that this was a usurpation, j
First allow rne to observe that a usurpation, |
even if it be such, to restore, to build up, to i
give health and strength to the sick and pros-
trate, is far easier to be borne than a usurpation
to crush and destroy. But I do not view the
conduct of the President as a usurpation at all.
By his oath he must enforce the laws. He found
States without legal officers and unable to move
foward in the channel of their duties. A Slate of
this Union when the Federal laws are no longer
obstructed cannot be in passive abej-ance. It is
an integral part of the Federal body, and if the
body be sound there can be no paralysis among
its members—they must have vitality ; and in
the performance of his duty the President used
the best means in his power to revive and re-
store their lawful functions. And much more
was I reconciled to the use of this power when
I saw on whom the selections of the President
fell. And I think, too, that with what I was
pleased on this point my radical friends were
equally displeased. I hailed such names as
Sharkey, Perry, J ohnson, and Parsons, and, in-
deed. all the provisional governors, as bright
omens of a good administration, as harbingers
of peace and happiness to the southern people,
atld of union, peace, and prosperity to the whole
country. But then what a military governor,
of South Carolina for instance, that idol of
the radicals, General Butler, would have made!
Ay, there is the rub. What fat, unctuous, juicy
pickings have been lost to the faithful by this
cruel policy of the President! What shoals of
loyal, hungry sharks swimming around in these
northern waters have been cheated out of their
anticipated prey! All the wolves and jackals
that wait till the battle is over in order to mangle
the dead and the wounded snarled their disap-
pointment and rage at the President, but will
now open in a lull chorus of joy over the delight-
ful vision which arises before them from the for-
mation of the committee of fifteen.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vexs] saw lit to announce that the position of
the President in regard to the southern States j
was "not an argument, but a mockery." I
partly dissent. 1 think it is both. It is an un-
answerable argument in behalf of the early and
true principles of the Government, and it is also
an overwhelming andconsuming mockery of the
bloody designs, avaricious hopes, and greedy
expectations of all those who desired when the
war was over to rule the people of the South
without the restraint of law ; to humiliate them
with an iron rod; to confiscate their lands and
buy them in at nominal prices: to change the
proprietorship of the soil and drive into exile
and destitution ils present owners until a new
population should fake control and, by the aid
of the enfranchised negro, plant a Puritan as-
cendency all over the South; who here now
unfurl the banner of ''territorial condition,"
because all these conscquences follow its tri-
umph. Sir, this class has been mocked, and
God and angels and all good men rejoice in
their confusion. Their ascendency in this land
would create a pandemonium of discord and a
carnival of all the dark and cruel spirits of hate
and revenge for generations to come. The
President had them in his mind when in com-
bniingthe proposition of military governors for
the South he says:
"The chief persons ^4, o would have followed in the
tram of the Army would have been dependents on the
General Government, ormen who expected profitfrom
the miseries of their errmg fellow-citizens."
But, Mr. Speaker, allow mc to inquire
whether this opposition to the Executive is
not a new discovery, an afterthought, manufac-
tured for a special purpose on the part of those
who adhered to and upheld the late Adminis-
tration of Mr. Lincoln in regard to the con-
tinued existence and vitality of the southern
States during the late rebellion. Are they not
estopped from this assault, as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] says, ''both
by matter of record and matter in pais )" In
more than a hundred ways and forms, by mil-
itary orders, in his annual messages, instruc-
tions to our foreign ministers, in letters and
speeches to his own countrymen, and especially
by his numerous proclamations, the late Ex-
ecutive always and at all times recognized the
enduring existence of all the States over which
the American flag had ever floated. 1 quote
a single passage from the proclamation of eman-
cipation, which, in myjudgruent, was a usurpa-
tion of power, but had at least the merit of not
attempting to abolish States;
"That on the 1st day of January, in the year of our
Lord 1863, all persons held as slaves within any State,
or designated part ot a State, the people whereof
shall then be in rebellion aguin&t the United States,
shall be then, thenceforward, and forever free; m,d
tlie Executive Government of the United States, in-
cluding the military and naval authority thereof, will
recognize and maintain the freedom of such persons,
and will do no act or acts to repress such persons, or
any of them, in any efforts they may make tor their
actual freedom.
'"That the Executive will, on the 1st, day of Janu-
ary aforesaid, by proclamation, designate the States
and parts ot States, if any, m which the people there-
of, respectively, shall then be in rebellion against the
United States; and the fact that any State, or the
people thereof, shall on that day be in good faith rep-
resented m the Congress of the United States b> mem-
ber? chosen thereto at elections wherein a majority
of the qualified vofers of such States shall have par-
ticipated, shall, in the absence of strong countervail-
ing testimony, be deemed conclusive evidence that
such State, and the people thereof, are not then in
rebellion against the United States."
This was written and promulgated after the
passage of every ordinance of secession: when
the party in rebellion occupied and held in a
hostile manner a certain portion of territory;
had declared their independence; had cast off
their allegiance; had organized armies; bad
commenced hostilities against their former
sovereign; and yet the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania and his present followers uttered no
dissent to its doctrines. It was the subject of
indiscriminate praise from those very organs
which now seek to blast and ruin the same pol-
icy in the hands of his successor. There is no
.escape here. The late chief of the great party
of the iNorth dealt with American States, the
jieople whereof were in rebellion, and not with
a foreign Power subject to conquest: and if his
memory is sacred to his followers, they should
not insult it by pronouncing his policy a delu-
sion and a mockery ere his untimely tomb is
fairly closed.
Sir, I am aware that many on the opposite
side of the Chamber do not indorse the de-
structive theory of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, but who are nevertheless assisting to
carry its results into practice. They deny his
premises that the States are dead, but concur
in his conclusion that they shall not be repre-
sented on this floor. To my mind their posi-
tion is the worst of all. They embrace a con-
sequence without a cause. They have reached
an end which has no beginning. They are
standing on a structure which has no founda-
tion. While the premises of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania arc unsound, yet his logic is
true. But those who refuse to follow him and
yet deny representation, have neither premises
nor logic, if the States arc out of the Union
of course tlicir Representatives are strangers to
us, but if they are in the Union what power can
close these doors against them except the power
of lawless, revolutionary force? '■ llepresent-
atives and direct taxos shall be apportioned
among the several Slates which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their
respective numbers." This is the language of
the Federal Constitution. It also declares that
"each State shall have at least one Represent-
ative." Are these States then "included within
this Union?" If they are, how can we deny, in
the_ very teeth of the Constitution, to receive
their Representatives? What madness is this
which proposes to govern the people of eleven
American States, States "included within this
Union," without representation? Where on
this side of the ocean has been found such a
monstrous principle of government? Its idop-
tion would carry us back to the days ol King
George, and as fatally subvert liberty as if'Corn-
waliis had triumphed outheplainsof Yorktown.
But the advocates of this doctrine say that
this phase of absolute despotism is only to last
for a season ; that these Slates arc only to go
unrepresented for a few years until guarantees,
