186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
were conveniently, situated, a'tid after occupy-
ing them for some time demolished them for
the purpose of using the materials in the con-
struction of fortifications far the protection of
the river at that point. All there is in this
bill is a small appropriation to pay this officer
for the«value of the materials on his place,
saying nothing about the use of the buildings.
That was the only remnant of the large fortune
with which he entered the war that was left. I
know about his affairs personally. He is now
poor, although he went into the service proba-
bly with more wealth than any other young
man in that region of the country. I hope
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Delano] will not prevail, but that this
very deserving officer may be able to secure
from the United States this little amount that
belongs to him. I now yield to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. This case was re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and was examined by that committee, and I
believe they were unanimously in favor of the
claim. I happen to know something myself of
General Stone's claim, having served with lum
during the Peninsular campaign in 18(52 where
I first met him.. He was then connected with
the Pennsylvania " Bucktail" regiment, which
was located very near my own regiment, the
eighth Illinois cavalry, at the extreme right of
the army. His regiment and mine received the
first shock of Stonewall Jackson's corps at the
commencement of the war. I knew him well
and intimately, and have known him very well
since. He served in the Army very bravely
and faithfully until the spring or summer of
1805, when he was mustered out of the service.
After the retreat at Harrison's Landing, I came
up on the same boat with General Stone, he
having been wounded in one of the engage-
ments. Ho waa then placed upon the recruit-
ing service, when he raised a brigade and re-
turned again to the field. No more gallant and
meritorious soldier could be found in the army
of the Potomac than Roy Scone. I have here
an old paper which contains, I think, an allu-
sion to this same officer. I judge so from the
remarks made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scofield] in reference to his losses
at Memphis and the circumstances connected
with his entering the service. It is a New
York paper published in July, 1801.
A Member. What paper?
Mr. FAKNSWOiiTH. The New York Tri-
bune. It says:
"On the head waters of the AlleBhany river lives
an active, thrilty citizen, still in early manhood, who
devotes his enorgie9i&o the preparation and sale of
lumber, lie rafts many thousands of fine boards an-
nually down the rivers, and has a luuiber-yard at
Memphis, probably not his only one.
" Hearing of trouble at Memphis he started for
that city some weeks since to look alter his prop-
erty, but was met at Cincinnati by representations
tu.i.t induced him to think he might not be sale in
the Tennessee emporium. He telegraphed to Mem-
phis for a solution of his doubt, and was rather sur-
prised at receiving the &rulf answer, 'Damn you!
come on 1' He obeyed this rather discourteous in-
vitation, reached Memphis, and soon lound his
hotel surrounded b.v a mob of demons yelling for
his blood, though they only knew of him that he
came from the North, and was supposed to be after
Eay for his property. Aided by a friend he made
is escape and somehow reached Cincinnati, whence
he telegraphed home that he would lollow the mes-
sage forthwith, and wished to meet his friends and
neighbors the next evening. lie did so meet them,
toldthem hewasforthewar for the Union, and raised
a battalion of sharpshooters on the spot, and is now
at its head in Virginia. Whenever the North shall
decide to entertain propositions looking to compro-
mise, we shall move that ho be appointed one of the
commissioners to arrange the terms of adjustment."
General Stone, as the proof before the com-
mittee showed, was the owner of certain brick
buildings in Memphis on the old navy-yard
ground. He had purchased these buildings,
and they were under lease at the commence-
ment of the late war. The proof shows, I think,
that they were, every one of them, underlease,
from which he was realizing a rental of $1,800
per year. Besides that, as has been stated by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sco-
fiisld,] he owned a lumber-yard, and a large
quantity of lumber there, that was taken pos-
session of by the rebels, and was lost to him
39tii Cong. 1st Skss.—No. 257.
entirely. Now, this appropriation does not
cover that at all; we do not propose to make
him any compensation for anything destroyed
by the rebels. But when our own Government
has taken possession of his buildings for the
-use ofthe Army, occupying them exclusively,
and eventually taking them down for the pur-
pose of using the brick in the erection of bar-
racks .and fortifications, thus depriving him
entirely of his property by taking it for the use
of the Government, he at that time fighting to
sustain that Government, it seems to me it
would be the height of injustice to refuse to
pay him. There is nothing in this paragraph
to pay General Stone for auy properly cither
destroyed f>v used by the rebels. It is oniy for
the value, at a very moderate estimate, of the
property which was taken and used by our own
Army.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delaxo,] in
discussing this subject yesterday, spoke of the
fact that the Committee of Claims universally
rejected all claims for property taken or de-
stroyed in the rebel States during the rebel-
lion, under a resolution adopted by this House.
Now, while that may be so, I protest against
the most manifest injustice of refusing to open
the doors of Congress, even to the petition of
a just claimant who happened to have property
south of Mason and Dixon's line, and who
was most loyal and true to the Government.
Now, if we cannot pay all let us pay what we
can. It is manifestly unjust to say that because
we cannot at this moment pay everybody, there-
fore we will not pay anjbody ; that because we
owe so much, therefore we will repudiate the
whole. It seems to me there is no debt more
sacred under the sun than such debts as these.
General Stone was twice wounded in the ser-
vice of his country. He came out of the war
with a broken constitution, as has been staled
to the House by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Scofield.] Noi. only did he fiud
all his property South destroyed, but his mills
in Pennsylvania were burned and all his busi-
ness was gone. He came back at the end of
the war a broken man, not only in constitution
but in fortune. And it seems to me to be man-
ifestly unjust for the House now to refuse to
pay this little pittance for property which was
taken possession of and used for the benefit of
our Army, the very Army he was connected
with.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will now yield a portion
of my time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sciiexck.]
Mr. SCHENCK. If this were a more ques-
tion of sympathy, I should go most heartily
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Soofiei.d] and the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnswortii] in favor of this proposition.
But as this is not such a case, 1 cannot, go with
them. Now, there is no question but that there
is here a most meritorious, and more than
that, an interesting case of just and fair claim
against the Government on the part of Gen-
eral Stone. But that is not the question now
before this Committee of the Whole. The
question before us is whether we shall separate
the case of General Stone from all other meri-
torious cases and give to it the advantage which
it has obtained over all other similar claims by
being put into this appropriation bill, nobody
knows how.
Mr. STEVENS. I can tell the gentleman
how. It was sent by the House to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and they put it in
this bill. So the gentleman need not be so
anxious about it.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I intend to be distinctly
understood, and I wish I had the power of
invective possessed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] if it was neces-
sary to use it at all in treating of this matter.
The gentleman says this subject was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations by the
House. Now, everybody knows how petitions
are referred to committees by the House. And
I suppose this was referred by some one under
the rule to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. DELANO. Will my colleague allow
me to state a fact? This claim was brought
before the Committee of Claims, either form-
ally or informally; and the party was instructed
that the committee could not recommend its
payment without a direct violation of the rule
established by the House. How the claim was
taken away from. our committee, and how it
reached the Committee on Appropriations, is
for other gentlemen to say. I do not know.
Mr. SCHENCK. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
am provoked to speak plainly about this mat-
ter, more plainly than I had intended to do. I
will speak plainly.
This is a Pennsylvania claim, the claimant
being a most excellent gentleman and a gal-
lant officer. But he saw that there was no
chance for him if he were put upon the same
footing with thousands and thousands of others
of meritorious claimants coming before Con-
gress. Therefore his case, which under the
general ruling of the House had no chance
before the Committee of Claims, is presented
somehow or other under the rule and sent to
the Committee on Appropriations, a commit-
tee having nothing under heaven to do with
the subject. By that committee it is reported
in an appropriation bill. It is not an appro-
priation to carry out the object of any law, or
to pay anything regularly due by the Govern-
ment of the United States. It is an ordinary
claim for damages, which should have gone
properly to the Committee of Claims. Yet it
goes to the Committee on Appropriations, upon
some supposition that this Pennsylvania case
would before that committee stand a better
chance to be favorably reported upon and in-
cluded in some appropriation bill, than if the
claim should take the usual course. Thus,
General Stone's claim is separated from every
other case in this House, and sent t.o a com-
mittee which properly has nothing upon the
face of the earth to do with it. By this com-
mittee it is inserted as a clause in an appropri-
ation bill, and thus brought before the House,
gainingin this manner an advantage over every
other case of the same class that has been pre-
sented to this House.
Now, sir, I sympathize with General Stone ;
I admire him. I know his reputation. I be-
lieve that this is a meritorious case; I believe
it is a case that appeals not only to our sense
of justice but to our sympathies. But I will
not vote to put General Stone or any other
man—no matter how gallantly he may have
behaved, nor how just may be his claim—-upon
a different footing from the thousands of men,
women, and children throughout the whole
extent of this laud who by an inexorable rule
are cut off from such an advantage, unless
they get round through some back door. Gen-
tlemen say that this is a peculiar case. Why,
sir, there are thousands of other cases pre-
senting just as strong claims upon us. I had
the honor to preseut here the case of Dr. Best,
of Paducali, Kentucky, who was the owner of
a brick house (constituting pretty much the
whole of his possessions) which was torn down
under a written order of the Union officer in
charge of the place to afford range for cannon
for the defense of that town against an attack
of the rebels. Best was one of the few thorough-
going good Union men residing there. lie bad
already been threatened, and perhaps even his
life endangered; and at one time he had to flee
from his home on accouut of the approach of
the guerrillas, because he was a Union man.
He received a written certificate of these facts.
His case has been before the Committee of
Claims, who say, "No matter how meritori-
ous the claim, we cannot consistently with the
order of the House, pay this honest thorough-
going Union man, who was not only driven
from his home, but had his house torn down,
a written certificate of the fact being given to
him by the officers in command, the house
being torn down by the Union forces in order
to resist an attack on the town.
I might name another case which has also
been before the Committee of Claims, who
have refused to consider it, under the general
rule which they deem themselves bound to ob-
