1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2177
those which the Senator from Massachusetts
or the Senator from Vermont has presented,
nor was it a difficulty arising out of the paucity
of population or the regularity of the election.
My trouble was with regai'd to the permanency
of the population. I think I can safely say
that the practice of the Government heretofore
has never been to-require any stated popula-
tion as a condition-precedent to the admission
of a State, nor has it ever required any special
form of proceedings with a view to qualify the
people of a Territory for the rights of State
sovereignty. With regard to all that I was
satisfied, but doubts were entertained by me
with regard to the permanency of the popula-
tion then and now occupying the soil of Colo-
rado.
Since the discussion on the occasion to which
I have referred with reference to the admis-
sion of Colorado I have examined with more
care into the state of affairs existing in that
Territory, and I shall refer to the statement
of facts made by Messrs. Chaffee and Evans, so
far as it is not contradicted by the statement
of the remonstrance or the statements of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, in sup-
port of the position I propose to take to-day m
now voting for the admission of Colorado.
The proposed State of Colorado, according to
the facts adduced, contains about one hundred
and six thousand square miles, of which forty-
two thousand square miles lie cast of the Ilocky
mountains, and the residue, some sixty-four
thousand square miles, west of the mountains.
The region lying to the east of the mountains
is nearly all valuable by reason of its adapta-
Bility to the pasturage of cattlc ; that lying to
west of the mountains constitutes the great
mining region of the State. With regard to
the quantity of land actually in cultivation there
seems to be some difference in point of fact,
some gentlemen contending that not more than
two hundred and fifty thousand acres are now
in cultivation, while others contend that nearer
ten times that amount is in cultivation. As to
the quantity that is susceptible of cultivation
there is also a difference of opinion. I think
it is clear or can be clearly deduced from the
statements of fact presented that all that portion
of the Territory lying east of the mountains is
valuable by reason either of its adaptation to
agricultural or pastoral pursuits.
With regard to the mineral resources of the
State the testimony seems to be entirely clear.
So far as the mining interest is concerned, I
quote from the Report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office for 1864, page 81:
"That Colorado is a rich mining country, no one
acquainted with its resources can for a momentdoubt.
The gold occurs in veins of copper and iron pyrites,
varying in thickness from six inches to forty feot, and
in the yield from §15 to $500 per ton. I am not far out
of the way in saying that there is no gold-bearing vein
in Colorado that will not pay with proper machinery
and economical working. I send you herewith a map
of the gold region of Colorado, in which I have col-
ored the parts that, are known to be gold-bearing by
actual development.
"In the county of Gilpin alone, the smallest of tho
gold counties, and I think no rich er than others, thero
are now on record over seven thousand gold-bearing
lodes; on these an average oftwenty claims oi'ono hun-
dred feet each havobeen recorded, making one hun-
dred and forty thousand claims in that county alone,
and every day adds to the number of lodes. Compar-
atively few of these lodes have as yet been fully devel-
oped, but enough have been worked to show that
under proper management a great majority of them
can bo made to pay." * * * * " *
"Rich mines of silver have been discovered this
summer, and tho latent wealth of tho Territory has
been vastly improved."
But it is not in the precious metals alone,
Mr. President, that the soil of Colorado is
richly endowed. General Pierce, the surveyor
general of Colorado, in his report for 1865—•
and by the way that report of General Pierce
has been referred to by gentlemen on the other
side of this discussion as being entirely correct
and very thorough in its examination—says:
" To a geologist nothing can be more certain than
that at least one third of the plains of Colorado eon-
tain coal, and it has been found in enough localities
to prove that that theory is correct. As yet very few
coal veins have been opened and worked, and most
of those aroin lands that had been surveyed previous
to the discovery of the coal, so that the amountfound
'and returnedbythesurveyorsiscomparativelysma.il.
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. lSt.
In a oountry where there is not a stream that does
not contain some indications of coal.it is difficult to
say what land should bo reserved as coal land, and I
have colored on the plats only such as is proved to
contain workable veins that aie accessible."
So much for the mineral wealth of Colorado,
around which a permanent population may be
settled. Now, sir, what are the facts with ref-
erence to the population already in that Ter-
ritory? It may not be very large; different
estimates have been presented to the Senate
varying from twenty-five thousand (and one gen-
tleman, I believe, stated it to be as low as fif-
teen thousand) up to fifty thousand. I shall
not make a point with regard tn the numbers,
because, in my mind, the necessity resting upon
this Government to fill up that vast extent of
territory stretching from the western portion
of Kansas and the other States lying north
it, to the eastern frontier of the States lying
on the Pacific is paramount. I believe that
the sooner we fill up that vast territory with
States, remove from the arena of angry and
perhaps dangerous controversy on the floor of
Congress all that immense section of country,
tho sooner shall we be in a position to bear
our present heavy burdens of taxation, and to
advance more rapidly in the path of pros-
perity.
Already in Colorado the people, according
to the statement of the remonstrance filed here
against its admission, and their friends, have
expended thirty millions in one year wilh a view
to permanent improvement for mining pur-
poses. In Gilpin county alone there are sev-
enty-five or eighty quartz mills, which cost
from §25,000 to $100,000 each. The smelting
works of one company cost about two hun-
dred thousand dollars. The mineral develop-
ments in the other counties indicate beyond a
doubt equally rich and more extensive mines
of both gold and silver. The report of the
Superintendent of the United States Mintshows
that Colorado, as a gold-producing territory,
is second only to California.
This last assertion, I very well remember,
the Senator from Massachusetts in some
measure attempted to controvert as to its pre-
cise accuracy. I will only say that I cannot
take issue with that gentleman, although cer-
tainly it appears from the statements adduced
by him that the gold and silver product of
Colorado is sufficient to assert their 'right to
claim that they stand among the first Stales
in the Union in regard to their mining prod-
ucts. They have a population there which
seem to be civilized in a measure; they seem
to avail themselves of the ordinary pursuits of
mankind, and not only that, but they seem
willing and able to pay their taxes. When
gentlemen speak of their inability to maintain
a State government, I beg leave to refer them
to the figures compiled in the bureau for the
collection of internal revenue.
In Colorado thero were collected last year
$130,052 01 for the purposes of internal rev-
enue, independent of the receipts for stamps.
The tax of six per cent, on clothing and other
articles of dress amounted to $705 59. The
tax of six per cent, on furniture and other
articles made of wood amounted to $1,372 77.
The tax on the manufacture of iron castings
amounted to §216 61. The tax of one eighth
of one per cent, on brokers' sales of merchan-
dise and other goods amounted to $1,870 05.
The tax of six per cent, on bill-heads, cards,
and circulars, printed law blanks, and other
printed forms amounted to $410 20. Licenses
paid by bankers amounted to $1,100 ; licenses
of commercial brokers, $1,353 36 ; licenses for
stock-brokers, $658 33 ; licenses for builders
a d contractors, $462 51; licenses for busi-
ness and trade, or professions, $354 16; li-
censes of butchers who sell butchers' meat at
retail, $497 50 ; licenses for livery stables,
$215 01; licenses of peddlers who travel with
two horses or mules, $2,246 07 ; income tax,
$38,079 67 ; tax on banks and insurance com-
panies, $765 04 ; licenses of wholesale dealers,
$3,531 83; licenses of retail dealers, $3,755 01;
licenses of hotels, $2,205 41 ; licenses of law-
yers, $593 33.
This indicates clearly to my mind that the
population of Colorado mast remain there from
the_ very necessities of their cose. Wc have
scriptural authority for saying that where the
treasure is there will the heart be also ; and it
seems that these people have not only invested
their means, but invested their means largely, in
these various pursuits which necessarily fix
them in that locality, attach them to that soil.
So far as lawyers are concerned, wo find a tax
of $593 33. I know they arc called a parasitic
class of society, but I think that the fact that
$593 was paid for lawyers' licenses in that local-
ity, when lawyers pay but ten dollars a year,
indicates a very considerable fungus growth
with regard to the institutions of Colorado which
I think indicates permanency. Being a lawyer
myself, I may be permitted to make that re-
mark. [Laughter.] So it is with reference to
many other ol' these pursuits. They are per-
manent pursuits, and only such as men engage
in who intend to remain, perhaps, the balance
of their lives in the localities where they
settle.
This doubt, then, being removed from iny mind
by an inspection of the facts as applicable to
Colorado, J am prepared to-day to vote for her
admission. 1 am jjhul to lie able to do so,
because I voted against her before very reluc-
tantly.
One more remark, and then I shall close. It
has been intimated as to the motives which act-
uate gentlemen in voting on our side of tho
question, that we liavo been prompted by a
desire to increase the force of our own sido on
certain questions in this body. 3 hope I may bo
permitted to say, without intending any rude-
ness to the gentleman from Massachusetts, that
I think that assertion was a very unwarrantable
one. At the time this question was before the
Senate before there were pending then great
issues about which this whole nation, from one
end of it to the other, felt the most profound
concern. If 1 had been actuated then by any
such motive, I should, without questioning for
a moment the propriety of the admission of
these gentlemen from Colorado, have voted,
not as i did, but rather in favor of'the bill then
pending. That necessity has been in a meas-
ure removed. Those questions have been set-
tled ; the Senate has declaied itself with regard
to them, and they arc definitely disposed of.
What may come in the future is only conjec-
ture. We then had the certainty staring us in
the face of perhaps a very closely contested
contest with the President upon those meas-
ures. So far as I am concerned, that consid-
eration does not in any way affect my vote. I
stand prepared, so long as I shall remain a rep-
resentative of my State upon this floor, to vote
always in accordance strictly with my convic-
tion of right and justice, and to repel every im-
putation that I may be controlled upon any
measure by any such motive as the gentleman
has attributed.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall now pro-
ceed to take the vote on the reconsideration.
I think we have spent sufficient time in this
discussion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I am will-
ing to say what little I have to say now, or in
the morning if it is the pleasure of the Senate
at this time to adjourn ; but I do not ask an
adjournment on my account. What I propose
to say I can submit within a reasonably brief
period.
I am opposed to the admission of Colorado,
and I am opposed to it upon two grounds, the
first of which would, of itself, be sufficient
without the other. My opposition to it in the
first placc is the want of the necessary popula-
tion. The Senate are aware, every member
of the body must be aware, that in the deliber-
ations of the Convention by which the present
Constitution was adopted, the cause of all
others which threatened most the defeat of the
object which they had in view was the disparity
between the States. From day to day the
patriotic men who constituted that body were
solicitous to avoid, if possible, the giving to
the smaller States a voice in the Senate ox tie
