2178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
United States equal to that which the larger
States were to receive. The States that were
then, the largest—New York, Pennsylvania, and
Virginia—were not only through their delegates
in the Convention, but with, I believe, almost
the unanimous opinion of the people of those
several States opposed to giving the smaller
States an equal voice in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States. It was said that such an equality
was not republican, that it was hostile to all
the ideas of republican liberty entertained at
that period ; and it was not until they became
satisfied that the Constitution would not be
adopted without it, that they agreed to give
the smaller States an equality of representa-
tion in this body, counteracting the admitted
mischief of that inequality by providing for a
numerical representation in the other branch
of Congress.
I think, therefore, Mr. President, it may
safely be said that if it had been proposed in
that Convention that any State should there-
after be admitted with a population anything
like as small as is the population of Colorado,
rating it at the highest number which the
friends of this measure say is to be found there,
it would not have received the vote of a single
member of that Convention; it would not have
received the vote of the members who repre-
sented the larger States. They consented to
give to the smaller States the equality of repre-
sentation only because they became satisfied
that without it the U nion would not be formed
which they had so much at heart; and the
smaller States had the larger ones practically
in their power, looking to the object which the
larger States had in view as well as the smaller
States. Each of these States, small as well as
large, was at that time perfectly independent;
each was a nation of itself, invested with all
the attributes of nationality; and there was no
means by which the larger Stales could enforce
a union or could persuade the smaller States
to adopta constitution by which that Union was
to be funned and perpetuated, as they hoped the
Union which they wished to form would be,
except upon the condition that they would listen
to the demands, in the particular of equal rep-
resentation in the Senate of the United States,
made by the smaller States.
At that time there were but thirteen States
in the Union, or about to come into the Union.
They had gone through a common struggle.
Each had broughtto the contest which resulted
in our independence an equal loyalty and an
equal patriotism, and all felt, the large as well
as the small, a natural solicitude that there
should be 110 separation in the future. Having
gone through as one people the perils of the
Revolution, they were willing, more than will-
ing, they were anxious, that they should remain
as one people. While, therefore, the larger
States were of opinion, and for a long time
unwillingly advocated it, that there should not
be equality of representation in this body, they
finally yielded it because in the past the smaller
and the larger States had constituted practically
but one nation.
Mr. GRIMES. Tf the Senator will give way,
I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I hope not.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw the motion merely
for the purpose of saying that it must be evi-
dent to the gentlemen who have charge of this
hill that there is no desire to speak against
time. Two thirds of all the speal ving that has
been done to-day has been by the friends of
the bill. It is past the usual hour of adjourn-
ing. 1 do not know of anj'body who desires
to speak at all on the subject except the Sen-
ator from Maryland. I therefore move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays, because there is a pressure of public
business, and this thing has occupied now
several daj s. I think the discussion has gone
as far as is necessary.
Mr. GRIMES. I trust we shall have the
yeas and nays, and let us see whether or not
members of this body are afraid to have their
names recorded when a gentleman rises at this
period of the day and asks for an adjournment
to enable him to be heard.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from
Maryland does not ask it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am in the hands of the
Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator yielded the
floor to me to move an adjournment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. I understood the Senator
from Maryland to say that he was willing to go
on now.
Mr. JOHNSON. I said I was in the hands
of the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. If he is willing to go on
I shall vote against adjourning.
..The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to say that Mr.
Harris and Mr. Henderson have paired off.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to state that
Mr. Dixon, and Mr. Lane, of Kansas, have
paired off.
The result was announced—yeas 14, nays
21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Doolit-
tlc, Edmunds, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Hendricks,
Johnson, Morgan, Poland, Kiddle, and Sumner—-14.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler. Clark, Conness, Cragin,
Creswell, Howard, llowe, Kirkwood, Lane of Indi-
ana. Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprasrue,
Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Dixon, Fes-
senden,Harris. Henderson, Lane ot'Kansas,McDou-
gall, Morrill, Nesmith, Norton, Saulsbury, Wright,
and Yatos—14.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I rather
regret that the motion was made because we
have lost so much time by it. Perhaps I am
as able to go on now as I should be in the
morning. 1 made no request of the Senate to
adjourn, because I was unwilling to put the
Senate to any inconvenience or to keep them
from voting upon this bill, if they were desirous
of voting upon it at this time. I am the more
willing to go on now, because I have some
reason to believe that some of the Senators are
in ii better condition than some others. They
pei haps have dined.
I was saying, Mr. President, when the motion
was made that if the proposition had comc from
any member ofthe Convention that States there-
after to lie admitted might be admitted if they
had a population such as is the population of
Colorado, the suggestion would not have re-
ceived the sanction of any other member of the
body. Now, what is this population? 'The
largest number that I have heard it estimated
at is 35,000. Of that 35,000, 0,000 at least,
sonie have stated it to be 10,000, consists of the
original population of the Territory, Mexicans
by birth, wholly unacquainted with our institu-
tions, and who I understand, so far from join-
ing in the application to have this Territory
admitted as a State, are against it. But in rela-
tion to the population of 35,000, I think it will
be found that in point of fact the population is
much below that number. I found that opinion
upon the vote which has been given upon the
several occasions when a vote has been given
in this Territory. The usual estimate is, and I
believe it is found to be true, that for every
vote there aic in addition some four persons;
that is to say, five persons furnish one vote.
That is because in the general and in most of
the older States the voters are heads of families
or connected with families. The Senate must
see that the emigrants to these new Territories
for the most part do not take their families with
them; they are for the most part young men,
men in search of fortune, experimenting with
a view to fortune, and they leave behind them
their families, those who have them ; but for
the most part those who go into the wilderness
in search of a new home go without families,
and particularly those who go into a country
where gold or silver is supposed to exist.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will the honorable Sena-
tor from Maryland, now that he is speaking on
the point of the voting population as the test
of the real population, allow me to call his
attention to what has occurred in the State of
Minnesota? In the year 1864 there were polled
upon the presidential contest 42,238 votes. In
the year 1865, in the contest of that year for
Governor, there were polled but 31,000 votes,
and yet in that year the census of the State
evidenced a population of 250,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the conclusion
to which the honorable Senator comes from
those facts?
Mr. RAMSEY. I arrive at this conclusion:
that notwithstanding the increase of popula-
tion there was a diminution of votes. There
is a difficulty in these new and frontier States
in the people getting to the polls, so that some-
times there is a diminution of votes when there
is not of population.
Mr. JOHNSON. But does the honorable
member deny the fact which I have stated, that
for the most part the emigrants, particularly to
a Territory such as Colorado, are emigrants
without families ? That I suppose we all know
to be true beyond all doubt; and the general
rule as to the proportion of voters to people
does not apply to such a population as is in
one of these Territories. But independent of
that, if you deduct the six or ten thousand
Mexicans who form now a part of the pop-
ulation of that Territory from the 35,000
claiming to be there, and suppose that one
half of those who did vote were voters without
families, you find the population to be in all
probability not more than 15,000. But sup-
pose it to be 85,000. It is true that the Con-
stitution ofthe United States in no part of it,
with reference to the admission of new States,
prescribes any number of population of which
the State is to consist; but if they had con-
templated as possible that the Congress of the
United States under that authority would have
admitted any State with a population such as
is the population of Colorado, supposing it to
be the largest number which any person has
stated it to be, they would have prevented it,
in my judgment, by constitutional prohibition.
What did they do ? A great many of the
members of the Convention were members of
the First Congress. In 1790 Congress directed
the first census to be taken. In 1792, when
they came to apportion the members the States
were to have, they directed that there should
be only 0110 Representative for every thirty-two
or thirty-three thousand of the population, so
that the very men, or most ofthe leading men
who constituted the Convention, when they came
to act upon the question how the people were to
be represented, provided that 33,000 should be
necessary in order to be represented by one
Representative. And now what are we about
to do ? To let these twenty or thirty thousand
persons be represented by one member cer-
tainly in the House of Representatives, although
the number nowrequired as the basis of repre-
sentation in that House is 127,000, and to give
them two Senators on this floor, and why'/ I
do not speculate as to motive; 1 have no rigkt
to speculate as to motive; but why is it neces-
sary? Is it to protect the people of the Ter-
ritory? Cannot we protect them by our own
legislation? _ What is the condition of the peo-
ple of this District, numbering now more than
100,000?_ They are not to constitute a State
at any'time. We are their representatives,
and under the Constitution we are alike the
representatives of all who may settle in these
Territories before they are in a condition to be
received into the Union of States.
In my judgment, the admission of States into
this Union is a high function and a very impor-
tant function. Some of the honorable gentle-
men who are favoring this bill may, perhaps,
not consider it so important as I do, because
they give_ a latitudinarian construction to the
Constitution, of which, in my judgment, it does
not admit. They seem to believe that they can
legislate for the States after they get into the
Union. My opinion is that the moment the
State is admitted it is wholly independent of
any legislation that Congress may adopt, ex-
cept such as falls within its delegated powers ;
that nearly the whole sphere of subjects with
which the local rights of the State are con-
