1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21T9
cerned, or the business of the people of the
State is concerned, is to be submitted to the
legislation of the State, and entirely independ-
ent of that which Congress may think proper to
adopt. Ad I submit to those who are about
to vote for this proposition that it is not repub-
lican in point of form. I do not mean upon
the ground upon which my friend from Massa-
chusetts places it, or on which the Senator from
Vermont places it; but in the true sense of a
republican government, it is not right in prin-
ciple to give to fifteen or twenty thousand peo-
ple an equal voice in this body with one or two
or three millions.
The time may come when those who are for
receiving now the State of Colorado, with that
limited population, may regret the precedent
that will be established if she shall be received.
The admission of States is not to terminate
with that of Colorado. There is an immense
territory yet to come in when it comes to be
sufficiently peopled. There is in some of these
States now territory enough and population
enough to make a dozen States. If the Union
is restored actually to-morrow, and the whole
of the southern States corae in, they may have a
policy of their own. They may think it neces-
sary, in order to carry out that policy, to divide
their own States; to make of Texas four; to
make of Georgia just as many almost as they
may think proper to make, for she has forty times
the population of Colorado; to make of Vir-
ginia t's many; and what will the States of
New England be able to say in opposition if
Colorado should be admitted? Virginia will
insist, because it is sure to be so in the end,
that having a population of five or ten millions
she ought to be represented upon this floor by
more than two Senators, and insist upon a
division of her State into as many States as
her policy for the time may dictate. How can you
refuse to allow it? In the first place, you cannot
refuse her on principles. In the second place,
upon the hypothesis which 1 have assumed,
you will not be able to refuse her by votes.
What is to become of the New England States
and the smaller States which are here upon
the sea-board? I do not mention it by way of
a threat, for threats are thrown away, as I trust,
upon the members of this body; I appeal to it
merely for the purpose of bringing to the atten-
tion of the Senate a fact which 1 think should
enter into their deliberations as statesmen upon
the possible tendency of this measure.
The honorable member from Nevada [Mr.
Nye] who spoke so well yesterday—and the
same thing has been said in substance by
others—seemed to suppose that these people
have a right to be admitted because of the
extent of this Territory and the_ extent of the
mineral wealth. That is not my idea of a State,
Mr. President; and that is not the idea that
our fathers had. The States that they designed
were States to be composed of men and not of
mere wealth. Otherwise the city of New York
might furnish fifty States if wealth only was to
be the test by which States are to be consti-
tuted. It is not the wealth in the mountains
or the wealth in the pockets of the citizens; it is
the citizens. The mere suggestion that twenty
or thirty thousand people of all sorts, consti-
tuted of men, women, and children, native Mex-
icans, and others, are to be put upon the same
footingin this body with the great State of New
York seems to me—I was about to say to be so
absurd—to be so anti-republican that thepeoplc
of the country will never sanction it. If you
can let a State in with 15,000, why not let her
in with 6,000? The honorable member from
Oregon stated that there was nothing in the
Constitution which limits the number of people
that is to constitute a State. That is true.
Well, if in the absence of any particularprovis-
ion on that subject in the Constitution, you can
let in Colorado although she has a population
of only fifteen or twenty thousand you could
let in any other territorial possession that we
have if it should turn out to have a population
of 3,000 and should ask for it.
Tt is, therefore, upon the ground of the want
of population principally that I am opposed to
the measure, but there is another reason which
operates influentially with me. There is noth-
ing to show that the people of the Territory
even desire it—nothing satisfactory to my
judgment. The only majority claimed is 155
out of a vote of some 6,000, and I suppose it
is perfectly legitimate to infer that in the 6,000
who voted not one of the native Mexican pop-
ulation is to-be found. And how was the elec-
tion held? Not hold under your enabling act
of March, 1864. They did not pretend to hold
it under that enabling act.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. JOHNSON. It is pretty late to be
interrupted.
Mr. HOWARD. I was merely going to make
a correction.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the correction?
I will hear the correction.
Mr. HOWARD. I was going to say that,
the documents which are before us show that
the Mexican population in those two counties
to which the Senator refers voted at the most
recent election of members of the Legislature
of Colorado, participated fully in that election,
and also voted on the question of adopting the
constitution itself. They cast a very large
vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand, outside of
the constitution itself and the record of the
actual vote, that the whole Mexican popula-
tion are decidedly opposed to the admission of
the State.
Mr. HOWARD. They were opposed to
becoming part of the United States.
Mr. J OIINSON. But they are a part of the
United States now, I presume.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think the only votes in
Colorado against the constitution were the votes
of that Mexican population. The American
population all voted for it.
Mr. JOHNSON. All? That is not my infor-
mation.
Mr. RAMSEY. Substantially all.
Mr. JOHNSON. But how was the election
held? You passed the enabling act in March,
XSG-i, and you provided specially liow it was to
be held, and you were very cautious in those
provisions. They were intended to guard
against fraud ; they were designed that notice
should be given to everybody ; there was pro-
tection against improper voting. How has this
constitution been adopted? Rejecied at the
election held under your enabling act of 18G-1
by a majority of 3,000 or 4,000 in a vote of
not more than 7,000, it is now carried by 155 ;
but how was that election held ? 1 he Territo-
rial Legislature itself, even, did not pass an act
authorizing the convention to be held. The
presiding officers of the partisan committees,
as I understand, or those who represented the
political parties into which the population of
the Territory was supposed to be divided, got
together and themselves devised the mode by
which the convention should be elected; but
provision as to who was to vote, under what
sanctions the vote was to be given, howfraudu-
lent attempts at voting were to be frustrated,
how they were to be punished if successfully
attempted, is nowhere to be found, and nobody
can tell whether the whole of that majority of
155 was not the result of illegal voting.
It would seem to be hard, very hard, that
you should force upon such a minority as
voted against this constitution a State govern-
ment. They think, and think properly, that
they may lie taxed beyond their ability to
meet it. " They think if is better for them to
remain in a territorial condition. Some of
the most thoughtful, some of the most loyal
to the Territory think so. We all know how
these conventions are got up. Gentlemen are
anxious to come to Congress, to the _Senate
and to the House; anxious to receive the
offices which will be at the disposition of the
Executive after they are admitted; but the
body of the people have no such interest. It
is better for them, until they have a fixed and
permanent existence as a people, that they
should remain in a territorial condition ; and
I have no doubt that if you pass such an
enabling act as was passed in 1864, rejecting
the present application to be admitted and
put the question again to the people of Colo-
rado, they will vote against coming into the
Union. I have said, Sir. President, substan-
tially what I rose for the purpose of stating,
not, as well perhaps as I should have stated it
in the morning if there had been an adjourn-
ment ; and now close by saying that I shall
not vote on the question, because I have
paired off with one of the Senators from Illi-
nois who is not now in his seat, [Mr. Yates.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The question is, Will the Sen-
ate reconsider the vote by which they refused
to order the bill to be engrossed "for a third
reading ? And on that question the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I had intended to say some-
thing before the debate closeJ in reply to dif-
ferent Senators who have spoken. What I
said yesterday has been alluded to by various
Senators and has been criticised. I do not
wish to occupy the time of the Senate. I hope
I have not abused its indulgence ; but I feel
strongly on this question, and I feel that the
Senate is about to make a great mistake. I
make no question with regard to the motives
of Senators. I concede freely to all about
me what I claim for myself. I feel, however,
that they are about to make a great mistake;
but it is too late for argument; I know that
nothing I could say would influence a vote;
and mv only motive now in speaking would be
to vindicate myself. There is nobody out of
this Chamber that at this moment I care to
reach on this question; I only wish to reach
my associates in this body; I wish to appeal
to them and to plead with them not to make
the sacrifice which it seems to me they will
make if they take the step which is now pro-
posed. 1 will not detain the Senate, however,
by another word.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WADE. 1 ought to state that I have
paired off with the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cowan-.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I was requested to state,
by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Dixon,]
that be had paired off with the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Lane.] He would have voted
"nay ;" the Senator from Kansas would have
voted "yea."
Mr. GRIMES. By the authority of the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Fessexden] I secured a
pair for him with the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Williams.] Had he been here he would
have voted in the negative.
Mr. STEWART. I am requested by Mr.
Harris to state that he is paired off with Mr.
Henderson-. Mr. Harris would have voted
against the reconsideration, Mr. Henderson
for it.
Mr. JOHNSON. As I said just now, I am
paired off with Governor Yates, of Illinois.
Mr. RIDDLE. My colleague [Mr. Sacxs-^
bcry] has paired oft' with the Senator from,
Minnesota [Mr. Norton] on this question.
He would have voted "nay" if he were here.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am paired with Mr.
Fessenden.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Permit me to ask a
question for information. Do pairs count,?
Do they help to make a quorum ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They are
not counted.
The result was announced—yeas 19, nays
1"; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler. Clark, Conness, Crasin,
Creswoll, Howard. Howe, Kn-kuood, Lane of Indiana,
Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Shei man, Sprnsrue, Stewart,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, WiUey. and Wilson—19.
N AYte'—llc.srs. Buckalew. Davis, Doolittlc, Ivd-
mnnds, Foster, Grimes, (iutbrie, Hcndricks, Juc-
Douiriill. Korean, Poland, Kiddle, and Sumner—IS.
A BSEXT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown,Cowan, Dixon,
Fesscnden, Harris, Henderson, Johnson, Lano ot
Kansas, Morrill, Ncsmitb, Norton, baulaoury, Wade,
Williams, Wright, and Yates—17.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
I now before the Senate and open to amendment.
I If no amendment be proposed, the question, is,
