1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4099
ity who voted against that resolution. I did
not conceive that as a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations I was bound to
abide by it at all. I conceived that I was bound
by the rule of eternal justice, as being superior
to this resolution adopted by the' majority of
the House. .1 believe that this claim is one
which is rightfully due to this applicant for the
use of his property by the Government of the
United States. It was not the waste commit-
ted particularly by the Army, but his property
was taken and used by the United States Gov-
ernment. A portion of it was torn down and
destroyed, and the committee make as much
appropriation to pay this man as will pay for
the property thus wasted by the Government.
I see no impropriety in this, nor any great con-
flict even with the rule which was established
by the Committee of Claims.
Now, it may be well enough to refer to this
claim as being a claim of an officer of our gal-
lant Army who made great sacrifices ; but I do
not rest the claim entirely upoa that. I think
the claim is just, aside from the merits of the
man as an officer of the Army, and I hope the
motion to strike out will not prevail.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make it "three" instead of
" one." 1 do so for the purposeof suggesting
whether there is any difference in principle in
these eases between the case of a citizen resid-
ing in Pennsylvania, who is loyal to the Gov-
ernment and a citizen of Tennessee or Ken-
tucky who is loyal to the Government. It
is proposed to pay Mr. Stone for property
which was taken by this Government within
the rebel lines, in a country which was dis-
Suted between our forces and the rebel forces.
nt by the rules which have been laid down
by this Congress it has been determined that
all this property, no matter by whom owned,
whether by rebels or loyal persons, was the
property of public enemies, and liable to seiz-
ure and confiscation. And in respect to that
property, as I took occasion once before to
assert on this floor, under the principles which
have been alleged here, General Roy Stone
himself was a public enemy.
I have nothing to say in derogation of the
patriotism or ability of General Stone. 1 be-
lieve that his claim is a just one, and that it
ought to be paid by this Government. And I
believe there are other claims just as much
entitled to consideration on the part of this
Government. Loyalty is the same in Tennes-
see as in Pennsylvania: it is devotion to the
flag of the country, to the Union, to the Con-
stitution, and to the laws. Wherever that de-
votion exists, and wherever a man is faithful
to his flag and his country, there I hold that
the shield of the Government is over him; and
you have no right to confiscate his property,
whether it is situated within the lines of the
rebellion or not.
Now, I know of cases of loyal men in Ten-
nessee who have lost everything, who have
been stripped of every dollar's worth of their
property, whose houses have been burned down
over their heads, and whose families have been
driven into the forest. Yet they have come
to this Congress for reparation and redress,
asserting their loyalty; and we are told by the
Committee of Claims that, in consequence of
the action of this House, they have no power
to relieve. It is said here that this case is an
exception to that rule ; that because the claim-
ant is a citizen of Pennsylvania, therefore he
does not come within the rule which alludes
to citizens of the rebel States. But I would
ask, is not the principle the same? Is it not
payment for property seized within the lines
of rebeldom? I can see no difference what-
ever in the principle. I do hope that the time
may come when all these just claims, preferred
by loyal and true men, may be recognized and
adjudicated by this Government. But until
that time shall come I will not insult the loyal
men of the South by voting for such partial
legislation as this.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr, Chairman, it is never
difficult for a pretty able lawyer to find a tol-
erably good and fair reason for a bad con-
elusion. I have no doubt that all those gen-
tlemen who have spoken upon this subject
have always found in their practice at the bar,
when hunting around for an argument, an op-
portunity to make a middling fair argument
which they knew would be likely to bring the
jury to a wrong conclusion.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sohejtok]
says that this claim ought to be denied to this
wounded soldier hobbling around our Halls
here, because injustice has been done to an-
other deserving soldier of the Republic. And
with that earnestness he always brings to bear
upon even the most trifling subject, he says
that over and over again, and tells ns of a man
in Kentucky that has been wronged, and of a
man in Ohio that has been wronged, and thence
draws the conclusion that vou must wrong a
most deserving soldierfrom Pennsylvania. And
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mokkill,]
whose fairness and candor always take this
House captive, comes on with another mid-
dling fair argument for a wrong conclusion, and
his argument is that two years ago the com-
mittee of which he was then a member, and
of which he is now the chairman, attempted to
palm off upon this House an item of expense
which they had condemned, and that the House
rejected it, as it ought to have done, of right;
therefore, he argues, you ought to rob this
wounded and suffering soldier of what he con-
Is? In5? flnp
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman should state
fairly what I said.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Of course I do not mean
to state what the gentleman said in the very
language which he used, becausc he put his
argument so plausibly that the House would
not perceive its error. But I moan to state the
result of his argument accurately.
Mr. MORRILL. But the gentleman does
not state it accurately. The House had not
condemned the appropriations in the bill, not
having seen them until they were reported.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am very sure the gen-
tleman said that they came here and were
ruled out, and were put back in another bill
in a little different shape.
Mr. MORRILL. They were ruled out on
their first appearance hero; and if the point
of order had been made when this bill was
first reported this appropriation would certainly
have been ruled out.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have mentioned two of
the reasons which have been given. There is
another ; and that is urged by my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Delano,] who is always more in-
genious in this line of debate than either of the
gentlemen to whom I have referred. He says
that if this claim had come to his committee
ho would have rejected it on the ground that
the House has so instructed him. Now, sir,
this resolution instructing the Committee of
Claims provides that the committee "be in-
structed to reject all claims, referred to them
for examination, by citizens of any of the States
lately in rebellion." General Stone was a cit-
izen of New York. A year or two before the
war began he came with his patrimony to my
own district. He lived there for a short time,
investing his fortune, as I have stated, and
sinking it. He was never a citizen of a rebel
State.
So far as I had anything to do with the pre-
sentation of this claim upon the Government,
I did not have it referred to the Committee of
Claims, because I had understood from con-
versation with the chairman of that committee
that he was giving to this resolution a construc-
tion which the House never intended—a con-
struction in violation of the very language of
the resolution. I had learned from him in con-
versation that, according to his construction,
that resolution cuts off all demands of any citi-
zen of the United States for damages sustained
or losses incurred in rebel States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. Iwithdrawtheamendmcnt.
Mr. DELANO. I move pro formd to amend
by striking out the last word of tho paragraph.
Mr. Chairman, I do not know to whom may be
most applicable the gentleman's rule that "a
good lawyer can always find a pretty good rea-
son for a wrong conclusion." The gentleman
from Pennsylvania may be disposed to apply
it to me and my colleaugue, [Mr. Schesck ;]
while other gentlemen might be disposed to
apply it to other distinguished lawyers.
Now, sir, let me say that the rule which the
House adopted with reference to claims of this
character was adopted at the instance of the
Committee of Claims at an early period of the
session, the committee seeing the necessity of
meeting that question promptly. That rule,
sir, whatever may bo its particular terms or
phraseology, was intended to cut off all claims
for property destroyed in the rebel States; for
it was there that the great destruction had
been committed. There were two reasons for
the adoption of this rule: one was the inabil-
ity of the Government to meet these numerous
claims for the ravages of war; the other was
the difficulty of ascertaining the loyalty of par-
ties making these claims.
Now, sir, that rule, in its spirit, was not in-
tended to make the residence of the party the
test -with reference to allowing claims of this
character. In my opinion it is "sticking in the
bark" to give it such an interpretation. We
all feel the necessity of the adoption of this
rule as a security for the present; and we re-
garded it as a rule of only temporary applica-
tion. I wish to say that the Committee of
Claims, faithfully adhering to this rule, have
rejected claims which appealed to the hu-
manity and the sympathy of the committee
much more strongly than this claim can. Let
me say also in this connection that it is the
purpose of tho committee—I now have the
subject under consideration—to mature and
present to the House at an early period of tho
next session some plan by which this class of
cases maybe examined and uniform and equal
justice be meted out to all claimants. I havo
not been able to bring forward this plan at the
present session; nor have I deemed it neces-
sary to do so in the present disturbed and un-
settled relations of the States whose people
were recently in rebellion. I beg that the
House will for the present let this rule stand
as it is, and that it will not, in this indirect
manner, opon, as it were, the flood-gate for
all claims of this description.
That this claim is not as meritorious as
others I know. There is near by where this
property stands to-day a poor widow woman
whose husband was murdered before her eyes
because lie was a loyal man, and whose prop-
erty was afterward destroyed by our own forces
as a military necessity just as this was de-
stroyed. There is such a woman there, and
she is unable, under this rule at this time, to
receive relief. There are thousands of such
cases.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Where does she reside ?
Mr. DELANO. In Tennessee, not far from
Memphis.
Mr. SCOFIELD. She comes under your
rule, as she was tho citizcn of a rebel State.
Mr. DELANO. 1 do not come here to make
a construction of the rule. I am speaking of
it in a larger sense than that. It was for that
reason I took occasion to say, when the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania said there were
some gentlemen who could find a good reason
for a bad conclusion, he might find its applica-
tion to somebody else than myself.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I would like to know
whether the gentleman has investigated as to
the probable amount which will be required to
pay all of this class of claims.
Mr. DELANO. I can make an approxi-
mate estimate, but it is needless to do so. I
will say to the committee if you settle the rule
of paying for property destroyed by the rav-
ages of war it will include all the destruction by-
General Sherman, from Chattanooga to Savan-
nah, and from Savannah home. It will also
