1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
> I expected to hear the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means assign some reason
why our vast coal and timber interests are not
to be protected. It occurred to me by possi-
bility that the Committee of Ways and Means
was laboring under the same error as one of the
commissioners of revenue, Mr. Colwell, whose
letter I have in my possession, and to which, as
j do not intend to trouble the House with any
remarks at length, I will hereafter refer.
' It seems that the Committee of Ways and
Means must not have been sensible how vast
this coal interest is, I mean this bituminous
coal interest is. I will not speak for Pennsyl-
vania. I know there has been an immense
outlay in Pennsylvania to make accessible the
coal deposits in what is called the Round Top
region of that State. I know how anxiously
West Virginia looks to the immense coal de-
posits under the soil of that State from one end
of the State to the other. I am aware of all
that, but the gentlemen from those sections
can speak for themselves. I shall confine my-
self, for the few moments I shall speak, to
alfairs under my own eye in my own mountain
home in the Alleghanies. Why, sir, §30,000,000
have been invested in the Alleghany mountains
in furtherance of the great coal interest of that
section; $18,000,000 have been expended by
Mary laud on the Chesapeake eanal from tide-
water to the coal regions of the Alleghanies;
and from fifteen to twenty millions on the Bal-
timore and Ohio railroad for the same purpose
of developing these coal deposits. Now, does
the gentleman tell me these vast domestic
interests are to be considered only as a means
of revenue, and are entitled to no fostering
caie at the hands of the Government? It is
not a question whether you will invite capital
in that direction; it is not a question whether
you will cherish and encourage this vast expend-
iture upon this domestic employment; but.it,
is a question whether this reciprocity being
abrogated you will crush this interest already
existing under such m ereiless legislation as that
proposed in this bill, under the idea that it is
of iio moment except as it can furnish additions
to the revenues of the country.
I claim for the coal interest higher consid-
eration. I claim at the hands of the House
a higher rule of action on such an occasion.
And if the gentlemen on the Committee of
"Ways and Means shall mstitute^ a comparison
between this interest and those interests which
they have fostered and protected in the tariff
of 180-1, I shall be prepared to. go more into
detail than I propose to do now.
I have alluded to a letter that I have le-
ceived. Perhaps it will be as well for me to
have it now read, because the high respectabil-
ity of the source fiom which it comes is such
that the opinions of its author may have influ-
enced the committee, and the letter itself may
influence the opinion of the House.
I wilhask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Philadelphia, Mm-nhl, 186B.
Df,4R Sir: I expected to have an interview with
Mr Wells yesterday on the questions touching your
interests, but, lmve been disappointed.
When the subject of this coal was before the com-
mission. no one had previously appeared before any
member of the commission to support t.ho interests
ot that class of coal. 1 had no idea of the extent to
which that coal had made its way to the sea-board,
anil of course could not appreciate its importance.
So far as I am concerned, 1 should prefer to have the
question of the duty on soft coal regarded as an open
question. The parties interested were not all betoi e
the commission. The whole topic is (me of creat
impoitancc, and deserves the serious attention ot the
Committee of Ways and ileans
A' ery respectfully, f i'..f JILa 00 L\\ ELL.
A' ery respec
Israel W. Moekis, Jr., Esq.,
('hairman Co),
ittce on jjituminnus Co<0 Trade.
Mr. F. THOMAS. Mr. Chairman, the coal
region that I represent upon this floor is able
to supply ten million tons annually for thou-
sands of years to come to the Atlantic sea-
board, and avenues of communication have
been opened, or will be opened, which will
bring that quantity to market whenever there is
a demand for it. But instead of encouraging
this vast field of domestic industry we are now
required to reenact the reciprocity treaty so
far as this domestic industry is or was con-
cerned.
I have other documents upon this subject,
but I cannot dwell on them. It is only neces-
sary to call the attention of gentlemen to the
principles and invite them to reflect. Every
gentleman has abundant facts within his knowl-
edge from which to draw conclusions just as
readily as I can.
Mr. Chairman, this is a contest ofinterests
between the coal trade of Pennsylvania, Mary-
land, and West Virginia, and the coal trade
of the British Provinces. For if this bill should
pass in its present shape, the law of 1804 will
be repealed so far as the bituminous coal of the
British Provinces is concerned. The law of 1864
imposes a duty on all foreign bituminous coal
of $1 25 per ton. This bill proposes to repeal
that law, and imposes only fifty cents per ton
if imported from the same Provinces, and
leaves the duty imposed by the law of 180-1 on
all other coal importation, and in effect makes
law in that respect the provisions of the reci-
procity treaty.
Let us see how the reciprocity treaty oper-
ated on the interest I am considering. _ I have
here a report of the secretary of mines, so
called in one instance, and in another the com-
missioner of-mines of Nova Scotia, made in
1861, showing the effect upon capitalists of
this country of the low rate of duty or rather
the want of duty upon that coal under the
reciprocity treaty. From that report it appears
that a large amount of American capital has
been embarked in those foreign coal-fields,
and that a large number of Americans were
engaged in opening up avenues for that trade
in our own country, superseding altogether
the production of the bituminons_ coal-fields
of Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Virginia. It
also appears from other documents I have,
but will not pause to read, that the profit de-
rived from that coal trade under the recipro-
city system lias been so great that in some
instances companies engaged in coal mining in
Nova Scotia have divided one_ hundred and
seventy-five per cent, on the capital employed,
and in others from twenty to forty per cent.
And yet the interest that I desire to protect
has without profit to capitalists absoibed in the
Alleghany mountains £20,000,000, and will
sink Sj'20,000,000 more unless the Congress
of the United States shall now interpose its
authority.
And what do I ask? I ask for my constitu-
ents that you take up this branch of public in-
dustry and consider it in connection with the
other industries of the country, and that you
shall not look to that only as a source of rev-
enue but as to its condition, and see what
farther protection it needs from this border
competi! ion with which it is contending.
Mr. Chairman, I need not go into detail. I
only advert to the fact that the Pictou coal of
Nova Scotia can be brought to Boston for four
dollars a ton less than the same article can be
brought from the Alleghany mountains of Mary-
land or Pennsylvania. Now. we do not want
the Government of the United States to foster
other branches of domestic industry that you
mav put a tariff upon this coal, only that you
shall omit to legislate on the subject altogether.
We do not ask for a new law ; w e ask only to
have the tariff law of 1804, which imposes a
dutv of $1 25 per ton on bituminous coal, of
forty cents per ton on anthracite coal, and of
twentj-five per cent, ad valorem on coke and
the culm of coal may not be repealed. Vv illi
that veiw, 1 shall at "the proper time move to
strike out of this bill all that which relates to
bituminous coal, anthracite coal, and coke and
culm of coal, leaving in force the provisions
of the law of 1804. _ By the law of 1801, I
repeat, Congress has imposed a duty ol SI -5
per ton on bituminous coal brought from for-
eign countries, no matter where. 1- on impose
a duty of forty cents a ton on anthracite coal
brought from foreign countries, and a duty of
twenty-five per cent, on coke and culm of coal
imported from foreign countries.
Now, all we will ask will be that.-shall be
placed upon the same basis,upon the same
foundation, and be treated and considered and
cherished not only as a source of revenue, but
as a great interest of the country, just as other
interests are provided for and cherished and
protected by the tariff of 1804.
Gentlemen who are not familiar with that
law can rest assured that I am accurate in say-
ing that while this duty now proposed of fifty
cents upon bituminous coal would not, amount
to anything like eight per cent, ad valorem, the
duty upon rolled iron, and the duty upon man-
ufactures of wool and manufactures of cot-
ton, is in specific duties equal to from forty-
five to eighty and sometimes up to ninety per
cent, ad valorem. These duties are levied per-
haps wisely. I do not propose to discuss that
question now; but I do ask this House to co-
operate with me and the other representatives
of the bituminous coal interest to strike from
this bill all the provisions that relate to that
branch of industry, and leave it to the operation
of the law of 1864.
Sir. there is no room here for a discussion
about a protective policy in this country. We
have progressed too far in that direction now
to retreat. No man to-day would propose to
repudiate the entire protective policy of this
country; to obliterate from the statute-book
all our tariff laws, and to prostrate thereby the
millions on millions of capital that have been
embarked under the fostering care of the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
But, let me say to gentlemen, very respect-
fully—and it is a warning not entirely out of
place—that if one interest of this character is
to be treacherous to another, inevitable ruin
impends over the whole. If one branch of
industry is to have the life-blood trampled out
of it, what security have others? Do gentle-
men suppose that my constituents will agree
that enormous burdens shall be piled upon them
for the consumption of the very necessaries of
life; that we shall pay double prices for the iron
we consume in the construction of our railroads
and in the manufacture of the machinery neces-
sary for the working of those railroads? Do
they expect that we would pay double price for
the manufactures of wool and cotton under the
law of 1£G4, when we find the special purposes
of local interests are sought to be promoted by
this deatli-blow aimed at one of the most im-
portant, one of the largest, one of the mos*
vital interests to which the attention of the
councils of the country has at any time ever
been directed?
1 repeat, that our coal-fields are the very tap-
root of the towering tree of manufactures that
is spreading all over our land its beneficent
branches. Strike at that interest and leave
the railroads and canals to perish which have
been constructed for its development, and what
becomes ol the pretense that wo will be inde-
pendent of (he supplies of foreign Governments
in the event of a foreign war? We shall have
to lay up our steam marine in dry-dock in the
event of non-intercourse between us and Nova
Scotia or Liverpool or any other port from
which we draw our coal supply.
Sir, I will not dwell longer on this point be-
cause it is only necessary to refer to it with
gentlemen of intelligence.
I have only to repeat that our great domestic
interests are to be safely protected only by the
perfect fidelity of all its subdivisions, their
standing by each other in all the emergencies
that may come upon them.
Air STEVENS. I will ask the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas,] before lie
takes his seat, to submit a motion to strike our
all in tliis bill in regard to coal, in order tlmt
that amendment may be before the House for us
consideration and action.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I purpose doing so. But
before I submit that motion 1 desire in this
connection to have read lay the Clerk the papers
which I have sent up to his desk, because they
are a practical illustration of all for which I
contend. They emanate from high and respect-
able sources in the neighboring Provinces, and
