1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3139
it is to be a great competition of the nations ;
and if the Prince Imperial, tlie heir to the
French throne, shall gather laurels from it or
strength from it either bfiforc the French peo-
ple or the people of the nations of the earth,
it must be only incidentally. I believe the
Senator's amendment contemplates that no
appropriation shall be expended or appoint-
ment made under this resolution until the
French soldiers shall leave Mexico. The Em-
peror of France, who represents that Govern-
ment, has agreed and stipulated with our Gov-
ernment that his soldiers shall leave there at
a given time or times.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator from California most respectfully for the
source of his knowledge on that subject. I am
a stranger to any such stipulation between the
two Governments, I must confess; and it is
liighl y important that we should know tlie facts
of the case, t doubt it.
Mr. COXXESS. I gather this information
from a source equally open to the honorable
Senator from Michigan ; 1 gather it from the
diplomatic correspondence that has already
taken place between the two Governments. 1
undertake to say from what J have seen of that
correspondence, that the word and the honor-
of the Emperor of France, and of the French
nation through him 
Mr. GRIMES. That is not worth much.
Mr. COXXESS. We shall see what it is
worth ; but be it worth much or little, it is prom-
ised in the agreement that 1 have referred to
that the French troops shall leave Mexico at
^certain stated times; our agreement on our part
Joeing, so far as the executive department of
this Government could make one, that wewill
maintain a neutrality toward Mexico in the
mean time. Unit is as I understand it. 1 think
this is a fail statement of the case.
Mr. 110That we will maintain neu-
trality in regard to whom, between what belli-
gerents ?
Mr. COXXESS. In regard to the territory
of Mexico and the contest that is transpiring
there. That is as I understand it.
Mr. HOWARD. T have only to say that if
that be the fact, I think it is very deserving of
public censure.
Mr. COXXESS. i will not undertake to
contro\ert the statement that the agreement
may be deserving of public censure; but if the
agreement be made and the faith of our Gov-
ernment is pledged in its behalf and for its
execution, I am in favor of maintaining it; but
I am also m fax or of compelling, when the time
shall come, the maintenance of the faith that
has been pledged by the Emperor of France
to tliis nation, and to the republic of Mexico
through us. that his troops shall leave the terri-
tory of thai country at tin? times agreed upon.
I would not oppose the French army in Mex-
ico bv refusing to make this appropriation ;
but when the time shall come that the French
soldiers shall remain in Mexico against the
Emperor's promise to us, 1 am for diiviug
them from theterntory of Mexiro by American
arms. It is well that the notification should
be given, and that it be understood that this is
a pledge of tlie French nation and Government,
and that we expect its execution at the proper
time and in good faith.
Now, sir, i hope that there will be no oppo-
sition made to the opportunity that this great
International Exposition will present for the
competition of our industries with those of the
nations of the earth.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. Mr. President, I look
upon this Industrial Exhibition as an exhibi-
tion which might take place, perhaps, even if
a state of war were in existence between the
Government of the United States and some
of the nations who are invited to take part in
it. But whatever may have been our ielations
heretofoie with France growing out of the
interference m Mexico. I think we have reason
at the present time, at all events, to be assured
that those relations are wearing abetter aspect
than they have done heretofore. Whether it
be simply from policy, whether it be because
Napoleon may have use for all his forces to be
ready for the eventualities that may arise on
the continent of Europe, or whether it be'be-
cause Napoleon sees that the Republic of the
United States is still undivided, still unbroken 5
whatever may be the policy, the principle, or
the interest that controls him, I believe, from
assurances that \ye receive now, that the French
Government do intend to withdraw their expe-
ditionary forces and all their forces from the
republic of Mexico.
Not many days ago there was published a
letter from the city of Mexico, which I have
in my hand and from whicfi I will read. I
would not give any particular authority to an
anonymous letter, but I have received a com-
munication from a gentleman who is acquainted
with the writer in tlie city of Mexico, and while
it is not. proper, under existing circumstances,
that his name should be mentioned at the
present time, still the assurance is given that
the writer of this anonymous letter is a man
who has the means of information and stands
high in that country. 1 will read it:
City of Mexico, May 20,1866.
General TSaznine lias iceeivecl orders from the
French Minister of War, Marshal Random, to im-
mediately concentrate the French forces m Mexico,
at tho eitics of Mexico. Pucbla, and Orizaba, forming
the principal cainy at tho latter placo; to embark
throe fourths of tho foreo in November and tho re-
mainder in Maich next; to not meditate any further
movements against tho Liberals, nor to attempt to
reoceupy any place that lias once been abandoned,
even if the Liberals retake possession in the very act:
and togivo no more money to Maximilian—in :i word,
to biing the whole French expedition to an end by
March of the coining year.
With reference to monc>, the situation is very bad
indeed, as the following incident will show:
Oa the application recently of Maximilian to Gen-
eral J>azatne tor \in ther pccuniai v supplier tlie latter
excused hmwdf on the ground of ouleis from home.
Maximilian then declaied that he should abdicate
and leave the country at once it more money wa« not
furnished. Thereupon Gen err I I>.i zaine issued orders
to the Paymaster General to deliver to the JLmpenal
Government $500,000.
The Paymaster General, however, refused to obey.
lie had received ordeis direct from tho French
Minister of Finance, Mr. bViuld, not to give to Maxi-
milian a single dollar more.
General Bazaine then sent an armed force, who
bioke open the safes and took tho money.
This scandal ha^ caused a ^reat excitement here,
as it is almost a repetition of the net of Mil anion and
Marquer/.in 1800, in breaking into the Fnglish lega-
tion and taking therefrom the money of the English
bond-holder^.
Where is all this to end, and where will matters
stand when once the French army ij withdrawn?
An otli«'cr of the, Ficmh expeditionary coips, on
being n^ked, after the occurrence of the foregoing
event®, what they came here for, replied, "To spend
£lbi>,0uu.0uu; to u-'ele.-My sacrifice the ! i\ es of 0111 val-
iant s-oMiers and to forfeit our national honor."
Could more truth have been expressed in so few
words?
In military affairs the Liberals are doing well, and
tlie situation is every day improving.
Mr. President, I have assurances that the
writer of this letter is a man of high standing
in Mexico, and that we can rely to a consider-
able extent upon the statement which is here
nuiilc. We hnve seen in the newspapers that
Austrian troops were to be sent into Mexico
to take the place of the French troops as they
should be withdrawn ; but we have also seen
from newspaper statements coming from over
the water, as well as in our own country, that
the United States Government has protested
against an}' such proceeding; and a resolution
which was passed this morning on my motion
calls on the President to furnish, for the infor-
mation of the Senate, the response of the Aus-
trian Government. "While, of course, I will
not undertake to anticipate what the response
may be, I believe that response will be such as
to gi\e us gieat satisfaction.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin is a member of the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and is, of course, well informed
upon all these questions, better informed than
other membeis of the body.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. E hope the honorable
Senator will not presume to catccliise me upon
that assumption. .
Mr. GRIMES. I do not wish to have the
Senator make the same statement that I do ;
it is enough for me that 1 have made it; I know
that, the Senator's modesty would restrain him i
from expressing any public concurrence, atany
rate, in the judgment I have formed of him.
But, Mr. President, the Senator has stated that
he has assurances that a better condition of
things exists on this subject than has existed,
and that the French arc about to withdraw from
Mexico. I wish to know whether or not liis
opinion is predicated entirely upon the letter
which he has read here. I have seen that state-
ment. I want to know if there is anything
outside of that, anything of a more official char-
acter, that he would be justified in sending be-
fore the country in order to quiet the public
apprehension ; for I am ready to say that there
is a great deal more feeling on this subject of
the occupation of Mexico by the French than
many gentlemen are willing to acknowledge,
or willing to recognize, at any rate.
I have seen it stated also, in addition to
what, the Senator has read, in newspaper para-
graphs that while the French are being with-
draw n, or are likely to be withdrawn, from Mex-
ico, their military officers are going to be re-
tained there to take the command of mercenaries
who arc to be raised on the continent of Europe
to serve in Mexico to still undertake to uphold
the authority of Maximilian. It was with a
view to that that the amendment which C have
proposed was drafted in the manner in which
it is drawn, not only to include French troops
proper, but to include any military officers
who might belong to tho French service, on
half pay or otherwise, and who might be re-
tained in Mexico to take command of troops.
Mr. DOOLITTLF. 1 do not assume on this
subject to have any more information than the
honorable Senator himself. I simply state that
I have assurance from a letter I have received
from a gentleman who knows the writer of
this letter, who states to me the name of the
writer and his position ; but for reasons which
I think should control me in withholding the
name from the public at the present time, 1
do not, feel at liberty to state it. I say, how-
ever, that I feel assuredthat reliance, to some
considerable extent at least, can he placed
upon the situation as described by this gentle-
man writing from the city of Mexico ; and 1
repeat what I said, that I believe our relations
with France are wearing a better aspect than
they did awhile ago.
1 agree perfectly with the Senator from Iowa
when he says that there ia a deep feeling on
this subject of the occupation of Mexico by the
Emperor of the French with his troops. It is
a feeling in which i have sympathized and in
which I have felt very deeply myself; but I
have waited and hoped, and hoped almost
against hope at times, that i should see the
French withdrawn from Mexico; when the peo-
ple of Mexico should take the matter in their
own hands, without our being involved in what
might come on the Government of the United
States, an actual conflict of our own. 1 desired
to avoid that if possible and maintain fiiendly
relations with Mexico and with France. At
the  amo time, what might come from the con-
tinued occupation of Mexicr^by the French, I
think almost any American could very well
foresee. It was that which I desired to avoid
and which I hope from the present aspect of
ali'airs will he avoided, and we shall be saved
from that responsibility which the nature of
the ease and our relations to Mexico might
otherwise force upon us.
Mr. President, I hope that this joint reso-
lution will pass without the amendment which
the Senator from Iowa has proposed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. There is a large number of nominations
to be referred.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does that involve the clos-
ing of the doors?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Undoubt-
edly.
Mr, RAMSEY. Then I am opposed to sit
in this temperature. The thermometer has
been eighty-three degrees here all day.
