2180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
Shall the bill be engrossed and read a third
time?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will now
adjourn. There are a couple of amendments
which I have to move to the bill. I do not
wish to move them to-night.
Several Senators. Oh, yes; move them
now.
Mr. SUMNER. Senators say, "Oh, yes,
move them now." I hope the Senate will
adjourn. I move an adjournment.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have an amendment to
move. It is to add at the end of the bill the
following proviso:
Provided, That this act shall not take effect, ex-
cept upon tlio fundamental condition that within tho
State there shall be no denial of tho elective franchise
or of any other rights on account of color or race, but
all persons shall bo equal before tho law. t And tho
people of tho Territory shall, by a majority of tho
voters therein, at such places and under such regu-
lations as shall be prescribed by the Governor thereof,
declarc their assent to this fundamental condition, and
the Governor shall transmit to tho President of tho
United States an authentic statement of such assent
whonovcr tho same shall bo fnvou, upon tho rcceipt
whoreof he shall, by proclamation, announeo tho fact;
whereupon, without any further proceedings on the
part of Congress, this act shall tako effect.
On that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays '27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Edmunds, Foster, Grimes, Howe,
Morgan, Poland, Sumner—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Back alow, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ncsa,Cr;ti;in, Crcswcll, Davis, Doolittle, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks, Howard, Johnson, Kirlcwood, Lano of Indi-
ana, McDougall, Nyc, Pomoroy, Ramsey, Kiddle,
Sherman. Spraguo, Stewart, Trumbull, Van AVinkle,
Willey, Williams, and Wilson—27.
ABS1SNT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown,Cowan, Dixon,
3?osseiulen, Harris, Henderson,Lunoof Kansas, Mor-
rill, Ncsmith, Norton, Saulsbury,Wado,Wright, and
Yates—15.
So the amendment was rejected.
Tho bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was road the third time.
i\Ir. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on tho passage of tho bill.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. GKIM14N (when Mr. Fessenden-'k name
was called) said: f desire to repeat what T
stated before. It is known to the members of
the Senate that Mr. Fio.ssknoen has been con-
fined to his house for some ten days or two
weeks by indisposition. At his instance I se-
cured a pair for him on this question. Had
he been here he would have voted against the
bill.
Mr. JOHNSON (when his name was called)
said: 1 am paired on this question.
Mr.WADE (when his namewascalled) said:
I am paired as 1 stated before.
Mr.' WILLIAMS (when his name was called)
said: I have paired off with Mr. Fessexden.
If he were here, he would vote " nay," and I
should vote "yea."
Mr. SPRAG U IS. The Senator from Kan-
sas [Mr. Laxe] desired me to say that he was
paired off with the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Dixon,] as has been already announced
by the Senator from Wisconsin. The Senator
from Kansas would have voted "yea."
The result was announced—yeas 19, nays
IS; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conness, Crapin,
CrcMvol). Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of In-
diana, Nye, Pomoroy, Jtamsuv, Sherman, Sprasuo,
Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willcy, and Wil-
son—-IS).
HAYS — Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, roster. Grimes. Guthrie, Hendricks, McDou-
gall. Morgan, Poland, Riddle, and Sumner—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan.Dixon,
Fessenden, Harris, Henderson, Johnson,Lano of Kan-
sas, Morrill, Ncsmith, Norton, Saulsbury,Wade,Wil-
liams, Wright, and Yates—17.
So the bill was passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
511) imposing a duty on live animals.
HOl'Si: TilLL khe-ekked.
The bill (II. R. No. 511) imposing a duty
on live animals was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, April 25, 1806.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry N. Bellows.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
telegraph to the west indies.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Commerce Sen-
ate bill No. 2G, concerning telegraphic com-
munication between the United States and the
island of Cuba, and other West India islands,
and the Bahamas.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
duties on imports.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill to amend an act enti-
tled '' An act further to provide for the col-
lodion of duties on imports."
Mr. ROSS. Does it increase the duties on
imports?
Mr. BOUTWELL. No, sir. This bill has
been drawn with great care by well-informed
persons on the subject, and the committee wish
thy benefit of having it printed.
The bill was read a first and second time,
referred to tho Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
peusonal explanation.
Mr. SIIANKLIN. I rise to make a per-
sonal explanation. I discover that I am re-
ported by the Chronicle and National Intelli-
gencer a few days since as having perpetrated
a long written speech in the House on last
Saturday, a thing, sir, that I never did, never
expect to do, and do not know that I could do.
My colleague [Mr. Ritter] is entitled to the
honor of having made tho speech referred to.
And while I am unwilling to appropriate any
of the laurels of a gentleman of his eminent
ability, I am equally unwilling that he shall
bank on my capital or make speeches in my
name. I hope, therefore, that that will be cor-
rected.
Another error in tho same report. I am
reported as having followed my colleague on
my right, [Mr. Smitii,] a matter which I am
satisfied never entered the head of any gentle-
man here. I will say that I have always found
my colleague [Mr. Smitii] a very agreeable
gentleman when mot with, but the idea of fol-
lowing him, or the idea of expecting him to
follow anybody long, certainly never entered
my mind or the mind of anybody that knows
him as well as I do. [Laughter.] I hope that
may also be corrected.
Mr. SMITH. I wish merely to say that if
my colleague would follow so good a leader as
myself he would not have gotten into so many
rebellious scrapes and bad company as he has
done during tho last few years.
washington academy op music.
Mr. DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to incorporate the Academy
of Music, of Washington city, District of Co-
lumbia; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee for tho District
of Columbia.
sale 06' arms, vessels-of-war, etc.
Mr. ORTH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution, authorizing the sale
and transfer of arms, munitions and vessels-of-
war; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
isaac kamsey.
Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution for the
relief of Isaac Ramsey, internal revenue col-
lector of the eighth district of Ohio; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
personal explanations.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a personal expla-
nation.
No objection was made.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, in the debate
yesterday on the Army bill in relation to the
Provost Marshal General, there was some per-
sonal controversy between the gentleman from
theUtica district of New York [Mr. Conklins]
and myself. That gentleman has been longer
a member of Congress than myself, but I have
understood-—
Mr. WARD. I would inquire if my col-
league from the Utica district is in his seat.
Mr. BLAINE. He is here. I should not
have sought to make this explanation if he had
been absent. I supposed the member was
equally familiar, with myself, with the rule
understood to obtain among members in re-
spect to the Globe reports of personal contro-
versies. I understand, as I presume we all do,
that it is quite allowable for a member who
makes a speech here not affecting any personal
interest, to alter the reporter's notes and place
them in such form as is most agreeable to him-
self. I have equally understood that in per-
sonal controversies between gentlemen it is
a point of honor that as the reporter puts
down what takes place it shall be printed, ox
that if alterations are made they shall be made
by mutual understanding and knowledge.
I called at the Globe office this morning, and
on reading the Globe at twelve o'clock I found
essential alterations, and upon inquiry at the
Globe office of the proper person, I was told
that those alterations were made by the mem-
ber from New York, [Mr. Conkling,] and are
in his handwriting. I now hold the report of
his remarks in my hand, and there is scarcely
a page but what has been altered. But I do
not intend to comment upon the alterations at
any length. I merely want to call the atten-
tion of the House to one point, where the gen-
tleman sought by an alteration to take away
the entire point of my reply to him. I char-
acterized some of his bravado as "cheap
swagger" when he talked about meeting me
"here or elsewhere." The gentleman elim-
inates that important pait of his speech and
inserts instead these words:
" I have stated facts for which I am willing to bo
held responsible at all times and places."
Now, the phrase "here and elsewhere" is a
phrase well known in Congress ; it is the phrase
of bullyism. It was a phrase upon which I
commented, and which I denounced and justly
denounced, and which the gentleman had no
right to alter at the Globe ollieo.
I desire to say that I never saw the notes of
my remarks of yesterday. I did not know what
the reporters had put in the Globe, and I should
have considered that I was violating the first
principles of honor which should exist between
gentlemen had I ventured to do it.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the member will
yield to me for a moment to ask tho loan of the
sheets which he has obtained from the Globe
office.
Mr. BLAINE. There was nothing surrep-
titious about it; they were obtained openly;
and I hope the gentleman will give them back
to me, as I am responsible for them to the
Globe office.
Mr. CONKLING. I place myself under
obligations to the gentleman by asking him not
to give me that pile of manuscript, but to indi-
cate to me the sheets to which he refers where
alterations have been made.
Mr. BLAINE. On page of the manuscript
No. 188J he says, as reported, that he is en-
tirely responsible "not only here but else-
where." and that is cut out.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask merely to seethe
sheet. Before looking at it or making any re-
marks upon it I wish to say that I do know, what
the member from Maine announces as if it were
new to somebody or especially appreciated by
