156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
State after State, kindly assisted by the pater- !
nal hand of the President, comes to lake its j
place beneath its ancient coat of arms. They ;
cluster around these vacant seats that have so |
long invited them in vain. They are welcomed
by the President a& Israel's greatest king wel-
comed the warlike son of Ner, whose standard
had waved twice four years in rebellion.
Let Congress imitate his example and mark
the opening of the new year as an era of per-
fect reiniiefa afad a season of universal joy.
"Let oblivion's curtain fell" upon the doleful
tragedies of the pa«t. Bury the animosities of
a civil war. Take no counsel from their bale-
ful whisperings. Hate is the basest principle
of human -action. They who have made laws
and ruled nations upon motives of vengeance
are the monsters whom all history curses with
an unbroken voice. The long and deadly pre-
scriptive lists of Sylia and Marina, Tiberius,
and Clodins, gave the names of their victims
to the compassion and sympathy of the worjd,
while an immortality of infamy clings unceas-
ingly to those who took private revenge in the
name of the public good. Charity for the
errors, the follies, and the crimes of the whole
family of imperfect man is the leading virtue
in the breasts of lawgivers and rulers. Those
who have been guided by its sweet, angelic
influences constitute the glory of the firmament
in the annals of mankind. Cyrus, Scipio, and
Washington command the love and veneration
of ages more by the forbearance, magnanimity,
and clemency of their characters than by the
renown of their military achievements. The
savage chief may strike his enemy prostrate
and powerless at his feet. It is an attribute of
divinity which lifts him up and makes him a
friend. When Pericles paused upon the open-
ing threshold of eternity, and in his 'lying mo-
ment reviewed the events of his great life, he
consoled his parting spirit and rested the chief
glory of his reign upon the fact that he had
never caused a citizen of Athens to shed a tear.
From this hour may this Government, dry up
the tears of its citizens! May no more hearts
be wrung with the gloom of the prison' or the
anguish of death! May the two sections meet
again as kindred and friends! The angel of
concord will then stir the healing waters for
them both; and renewing their glorious youth
together, the future of the American Union will
be filled with the love and praise of all its citi-
zens.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] yield to me for one
moment? I desire simply to offer an amend-
ment to the resolutions of the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me. I desire myself to offer an amendment.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman from Ohio
yield to me for a moment, that I may offer some
papers for reference to the Committee of Elec-
tions ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
pennsylvania contested election.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented papers relative to the coatested election
in the sixteenth district of Pennsylvania; which
were referred to the Committee of Elections.
policy of the president again.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, it was to mo
an agreeable surprise to hear the words of the
honorable gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Voon-
hbes] in general commendation of the Presi-
dent of the United States. I cannot forget that,
when the great body of loyal froem en who dwell
between these oceans were engaged in a fierce
Struggle for the life of the Republic with an
armed conspiracy and revolt, occupying ami
claiming to hold an area of territory equal in
extent to half the continent of Europe, they re-
ceived no earnest support from the gentleman
or his party. And when the same loval people,
by the sacrifice of blood, sought to sustain all
patriotic citizens then found anywhere within
the limits of these insurgent States, of whom
Andrew Johnson was one, in their honest en-
deavors to call back those people from their
I madness and their crime, neither that lojral peo-
ple, nor those patriotic citizens of rebel States,
received any efficient support at the hands either
of the gentleman or of the party with which he
was associated. 1 have not forgotten that the
gentleman who attempts this day to arraign the
patriotic party of the Union, the party of the
Constitution, the party of law, the party of pro-
tection to each loyal citizen against the combined
power of all, was accustomed, in his place here,
to join with others of his party in the cry, "You
cannot save the Government by arms !"
I have not forgotten, sir. that when this ter-
rible, and, as the gentleman has well said, un-
paralleled and unmatched conflict between the
friends of the Union and the enemies'of the
Union was shaking both hemispheres, covering
the whole heavens with darkness, and filling the
habitations of the people with lamentation and
death, the gentleman was among that party
of supporters of the conspiracy who assembled
at Chicago and declared the war for the Union
a failure. Now, sir, I would have remained
silent, in view of all the thoughtful and well-
considered words that the gentleman has seen
fit this day to utter in commendation of the
President, but for the fact that he has chosen
to attempt to indoctrinate this House and the
country with the same fell spirit of his party
which in the past originated rebellion, and
will in the future, if followed, renew and per-
petuate rebellion. The gentleman's position
here cannot be mistaken. His argument is
elaborate : it is written word for word and letter
for letter; it is well considered; but he will ex-
cuse me for saying here that it is with me a
con's ietion as strong as knowledge that the prop-
osition upon which the whole structure of his
argument :ests is the position that was assumed
from first to last by every man who entered into
the conspiracy against the nation, or who aided
it; and if it be actcd upon now by the Repre-
sentatives of the people, it must result only in
perpetuating that conspiracy to the destruction
of the Constitution.
What is the position that is assumed and enun-
ciated here to-day with so much earnestness,
and I may say plausibility, by the gentleman
from Indiana? It is simply this—"once a State,
always a State," with all the powers and rights
of a State within the Union. If I misconceive
in any way the gentleman's actual position, as
announced in his speech, I will be greatly
obliged to him if he will correct me. " Once
a State, always a State, with all the rights of
a State, with the right of full and equal rep-
resentation, with the right of local legisla-
tion." This seems to be the gentleman's state-
ment, or the effect of it. Wherein does it differ
from the position that was assumed at the very
commencement of this great struggle, which has
happily, thus far, ended so well. No thanks to
the gentleman or his party that it has ended so
well, but thanks only to God, who has in His
keeping the destiny of nations, to the loyal peo-
ple, and to that grand, heroic army of the Union
that stood these four years pastas a wall of fire
between us and war's desolation, making even
death itself beautiful by the sacrifice of them-
selves for their country.
Mr. VOORHEES. Will the gentleman from
Ohio yield to me?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly; but I prefer first
to state my position. But I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. VOORHEES. Go on.
_ Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I say the po-
sition that was assumed at the commencement
of this struggle by the advocates of this great
treason, which, as I have already remarked,
has terminated so happily for us all, is the very
position which is assumed by the gentleman to-
day. Let him disguise it as he may. the gen-
tleman to-day affirms that which was assumed
by his party upon this floor and at the other
end of the Capitol, bv the President of his party,
in December, ly i<), and which then eneigized
the arms of the conspirators and gave them the
courage to strike at your flag, to strike at your
Constitution, and to strike at your nationality.
What was that position ? It is burned into
my brain as with fire, and will only be obliter-
ated with the extinction of my life. What was
that position? It was that the people of the
UnitedStates, under their Constitution, had not
the lawful right to coerce the seceding States.
It embraces all the gentleman's argument, it
is no new invention with him. "lben the as-
sumption of the gentleman and his party was,
you could not coerce the seceding States by
arms, and to-day the gentleman declares you
cannot coerce seceding States by laws, 'j he
several States of the Union being original,
independent sovereignties, according to the
expressed opinion of the gentleman's party, it
logically resulted therefore as was then declared
by that party, that States might secede; they
might make war upon the Union: they might
tear down your banners; they might seize upon
your custom-houses, your navy-yards, jour
arms, and your munitions of war; they might
hunt to the death the true men found evcrywhe; e,
thank God! in their midst, clinging to the totier-
ingpillars of the Republic, invoking God's bles-
sings upon the defenders of the Republic, pray-
ing that the great treason might perish, that tin lr
country might, survive, and thus attesting by
their fidelity that they were the very elect of
human nature, men fit to be enrolled among
the immortals. Then we were tolcl we could
not, even to protect these true men, coerce
seceding and rebellious States by arms, and now
wo are told by the gentleman we cannot, restrain
the seceding and rebellious States in any man-
ner by laws. That is the position of the gen-
tleman. Now I should be glad to hear him.
Mr. VOORHEES. Not justyet. I shall.be
ready for you in time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I should be glad to hear the
gentleman now or at any time. The gentleman
says he is looking up authority. My authori-
ties are all with me. Holding myself, if you
please, the humblest man upon this floor. I stand
here to assert, and I challenge contradiction in
making that assertion, that the American peo-
ple, when they became a nationality, by the for-
mation of a more perfect Union, by the adop-
tion of the Constitution of the United States,
declared themselves clothed with all the powers
necessary to the maintenance of their nation-
ality and the enforcement of the supremacy of
their laws against all comers, whether the^e
comers were in theguise of seceding States and
organized conspiracies within the jurisdiction
of the United States, or whether they were I heir
allies abroad in the persons of the chiefs of
Great Britain and France, who have been pro />,-
c.e.ps crim inis with the traitors in this great stru g-
gle. At the adoption of the Constitution this
general power of defense was claimed by the
friends of the Constitution and admitted by its
enemies and made a ground of objection to it.
And until the gentleman's party in 1800 denied
this general right of self-defense in the Unfed
States, it was asserted under and by virtue of
that Constitution on- all occasions, whether to
suppress insurrection or to repel invasion.
Mr. VOORHEES. With the permission of
the gentleman from Ohio I will now say a word.
1 expected, Mr. Speaker, as a matter of
course, and consequently Igot myself into good
humor a week ago, that I would be scolded for
the speech I was going to make by gentlcnn n
occupying the positiou of my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham.] I take it ail good-naturedly.
Let me say this to liim in order that my posi-
tion may be, understood. The American Union
being a Union of the States, 1 do not know of
any power in the State or the Government to
destioy a State.
If that signifies to his mind, " once a State
always a State," then he is right. 1 will read
now from a document that I have tried to sup-
port, in a few lemarks I have made this after-
noon, written by the Piesicleut of the United
States, and if these hard epithets apply to my
policy they apply to hi« likeni.-,e. llie Piesi-
dent says:
" -But the true theory i-\ ih;i fc oil jircteiidwl acts of
Secession were from thr heionnue* uuil ami void. . Tito
States cannot commit treason, nor scrcen the indi-
vidual citizens who may have committed treason any
