1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1221
San Francisco; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a communication of the Sec-
retary of War, transmitting, in answer to a res-
olution of the Senate of the 27th ultimo, a re-
port of the chief Engineer of the United Slates
Army in relation to the improvement of the
harbors on Lake Michigan, in Wisconsin, and
also at Superior, on Lake Superior; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of New Mexico, asking for an addi-
tional appropriation for the completion of the
capitol building in that Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mex-
ico, in favor of an amendment to the tenth
section of the organic law of that Territory, so
that the probate courts be authorized to decide
civil cases where the amount does not exceed
$1,000, and in criminal cases where the fine or
punislimentforthe crime does not exceed S100;
which was referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
asking Congress fo sustain the act authorizing
the Governor of that Territory to call a conven-
tion to frame a constitution for a State gov-
ernment, and that said Territory be admitted
•as a State into the Union when the constitution
is approved by the people of that Territory ;
which was referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
asking for an amendment of the organic act of
that Territory in regard to 1he veto power of
the Governor; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
asking for an appropriation to erect a peniten-
tiary in that Territory, and that aulhority be
given to the Secretary of the Treasury to have
the stone used in the present unfinished peni-
tentiary used in finishing-the capitol building,
and the site sold and the proceeds appropriated
to the purchase of a. new site where there is a
sufficiency of water; which was referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. CLARK presented the memorial of
Stuart, (xwynn, praying for the passage of an
act explanatory of the act of March 2, 1805, for
his relief, whereby he may be enabled to re-
ceive payment for printing presses, machinery,
material, and labor furnished the Treasury De-
partment iti 1801 and 1802; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented fourpetitions
of citizens of West Virginia, prajiug for the
passage of a law establishing semi-annual terms
of the district Federal courts in the city of
Parkersburg, in that State; which were referred
to the Committee on the .Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer two petitions similar
to the petitions which I presented the other dav
from authors and editors. One of them is headed
by Bishop Hopkins, of Burlington, Vermont,
and the other by Mr. R. Shelton Maekeiv/ie, of
Philadelphia, praying for the passage of some
law bv Congress which shall secure interna-
tional copyright. As that subject has already
been referred to ihe Committee on Foreign
Relations. I ask the reference of these petitions
to that cnmmiltee.
They were so referred.
reports or committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the. Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of j
Wilson D. Ruriingame, late acting master's
mate United States Navy, and William Peier- \
kin. late acting gunner United States Navy, ,
officers in charge of the second cutter of the |
United States steamer Shamrock, for them- j
selves and eleven others, the boat's crew, pray-
ing for a distributive share Of the prize money
resulting from the blowing up of the rebel ram
Albemarle, on the 27th of October, 1864, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to, and the report was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
AS'airs, to whom was referred the petition of
Captain F. M. Faircloth, praying for remuner-
ation for property lost on board of the steamer
Boston, while on an expedition up the Ashepo
river, South Carolina, in May, 1864, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it he referred to the Committee on
Claims ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Henry Eagle, a
commodore in the naval service of the United
States, praying to be reimbursed for money
alleged to have been stolen from him June 2,
1^48, while acting purser of the United States
bomb-vessel Etna at Frontera, in the State
of Texas, he having paid the same on settle-
ment of his accounts, asked to bo discharged
from its further consideration, and that it bo
referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Albert Green-
leaf. praying for compensation for extra ser-
vices while holdiug the office of Navy agent at
Washington, District of Columbia, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. RIDDLE. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 109) to amend an act entitled ''An
act to incorporate the Guardian Society, and
provide for reforming juvenile offenders in the
District of Columbia,'' and for other purposes,
have directed me to report adversely theieon,
and to move that it bo indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
biil (S. No. 1H3) to preserve evidence of mar-
riages in the District of Columbia, reported if
with an amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Mrs. Elizabeth It. Smith, widow of Lieutenant
Richard H. Smith, United States Army, who
was lost on board the steamer San Francisco
in December, 18-33, praying for compensation
for property lost on board that steamer at the
time it was wrecked, submitted tin adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of Charles Murray, a paymaster in the
United States Navy, praying for additional
compensation for services at the naval station
at Mare Island, California, reported adversely
thereon.
WASHINGTON CANAL.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a re-
solution requesting the President to detail three
competent engineers to survey the canal in this
city with a view to its improvement by the re-
moval ofexisting nuisances, have instructed me
to report it back and recommend its passage;
and I ask for the present consideration of the
resolution.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution :
/?pWjW, That the President bo, and hereby is, re-
quested to cause to ho detailed throe experienced and
skiiiiul engineer?, of the Army of the United States,
who ^hall lie directed to examine the entire line of
the AYa.-hinstou lity canal and report what immedi-
ate means, in then- judgment, should he adopted for
such tempoiary imptovement. thereof will l>o-;t
secure the health of residents and eitiaens of the
national metropolis during the coming summer, and
also sueli plan tor the peummeat improvement and
regulation thereof as will no-,: effectually i cmovo the
exiatine nuisances and prevent future similar accu-
mulations.
The resolution was adopted.
EULOGY ON HENRY WINTER DAVIS. '
. 'Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a" resolution to print
ten thousand copies of the eulogy on the late
Henry Winter Davis by Hon. J. A. J. CuES-
well, on the 522d of February, have instructed
me to report it back with an amendment, and
to ask for its present consideration. " " " '
There being no objection, the Senate pro--
ceeded to consider the resolution, which JS iti
the following words: ' ,
Resolved, That, ten thousand copies of theaddress
of the bpeaker of the House of Representatives and
the eulogy on the late Henry Winter Davis by Hon.
J. A. J. Crek well, on the 22d of February, be printed
for the use of Senators, and that the same be printed
in the Globe.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out "ten" and insert "six," so that it
will read "six thousand copies."
Mr. ANTHONY. That is the same number
that was printed of &e eulogies on our late
associate, Mr. Collamer.
The amendment was agreed, to.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
BILL INTRODUCED. ■
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 190) to incorporate the District of Colum-
bia Canal and Sewerage Company; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say in' ref-
erence to this bill that I have not examined
it; it was prepared by a gentleman who handed
it to me with u request that I would introduce
it. I move its reference to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF AN AMENDMENT,
Mr. POMEROY. I ask leave to introduce
an amendment to a bill which is now pending
before the Committee on Public Lands. It is
an amendment to the bill (S. No. 143)-to revive
and extend the provisions of an act granting
the right of way and making a grant of land
to the States of Arkansas and Missouri, to aid
in the construction of a railroad from a point
upon the Mississippi, opposite the mouth of the
Ohio river, via Little Rock, to the Texas bound-
ary, near Fulton, in Arkansas, with branches
to Fort Smith, and the Mississippi river, ap-
proved February 9. 1853, and for other pur;
poses. I move that the amendment be printed
andreferredtotheCommittee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION" OF ARMY OFFICERS PROM SUITS.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Jiemlved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed to imjuire what legislation is necessary to
protect officers of the Army from arrest and prosecu-
tion by civil suits for acts done in execution of the
orders of their superior officers during the rebellion,
while tliey were, holding commissions in the Army of
the United States, and subject to the Kules and Arti-
cles of War: and that the coiamittue have leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. WILSON- I desire simply to say that*
I have introduced this resolution because of the
large number of prosecutions that have recently
been commenced in some parts of the country
against the officers of the Army after being mus-
tered out of service, and against some who are
still in the service. In the State of Kentucky
I learn that several officers have been prose-
cuted and fined by courts, that certainly have
done nothing during the war to .support the
country, and heavy fines imposed upon them;
and but the other day General Terry, from
Richmond, called on we and said he had been
prosecuted, on an official visit to this city, for
acts done in Virginia, and already subjected to
large expenses. I hope that the Committee on
the Judiciary will take this subject into serious
consideration and see if something cannot be
done to protect the officers who have acted
under orders and performed their doty during
the rebellion through which we have passed.
The resolution was adopted.
