1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
more than they can make valid treaties or engage
in lawful commerce with any foreign Power. The
States attempting to secede placed themselves in a
condition where their vitality was impaired but not
extinguished, their functions suspended but not de-
stroyed."
Now, the issue formed before the country be-
tween the President and the men who supported
him on the one hand, and those who opposed
him on the other, is this : that at the end of this
war the party opposing the policy of the Presi-
dent found eleven Stales destroyed. Perhaps
more passed ordinances of secession. I did not
pay enough attention to that hardly to know
how many did. I look upon those ordinances
as mill and void. I consider all those States
that passed ordinances of secession as deiad to
this Government. That is their position.
Now let me ask the gentleman, who killed
those States? What power did it? Where did
that power come from? Who dealt the blow?
Did the State by its own act, or did the Fed-
eral Government, or did the government of
Jeff. Davis at Richmond kill it? Did this pre-
tended government in the South have power
enough to kill eleven vital live States in the
Union? Where is this destroying angel that
has gone forth and destroyed those States? I
hold that there is no element of destruction in
them; that as they were in the beginning, so
they were through this war, and so they are now
—living States of the American Union. And
in asserting that position. I have asserted the
position of the President of the United States,
and every assault the gentleman has made upon
_ me on account of my position is equally made
upon him.
ill-. BINGHAM. I am glad the gentleman
has made his explanation, for it only makes
clearer the position he assumes ill regard to that
question. The gentleman 111 his speecli has
notified the House and the country, assuming
the position which he attributes to himself, in
the lirst place, "oncc a Stale, always a State''
for all purposes; that the rebel Stales, had
always, and have now, the right of representa-
tion, and you have no right to exclude them.
Now, the President has never asserted any such
tiling, either by direction or indirection. In
the very passage which the gentleman has read
from the message the President has said that
"the functions of the rebel States were, sus-
pended. " Of course if the functions of a State
are suspended the powers of the State cannot
be exercised. That is the President's position;
the very converse of it is the position of the
gentleman who conies here to introduce general
resolutions of commendation of the President's
message!
But 1 am not to be diverted at this stage from
the line of remark f had entered upon. I have
said that the position assumed generally by the
gentleman in the speech which he has justmade,
is a position which, if acted upon by the rep-
resentatives of the people, will prove as disas-
trous to the future of the nation, as a like as-
sumption, made by his party, has proved dis-
astrous to the nation during the past four years.
There is no question about it. The gentleman's
assumption is, that after having surrendered
to the victorious legions of the Union and laid
down their arms, the rebel States of right are
entitled, without challenge, let, or hinderanee,
to representation on this floor.
I undertake to say that the President lias not
advanced any such proposition. Their right of
representation depends exactly upon the actual
condition of things in those rebel States, and
chiefly upon such conditions as these: that they
have not only laid down their arms, but have
conformed their constitutions and laws to the
Constitution and laws of the United States, and
given such evidence to the people of the United
States, and their representatives in Congress,
as satisfies them that cooperating in this general
movement of reorganization is a sufficient body
of now loyal citizens to constitute a State.
Will the gentleman undertake by his mere
platitudes to assert here that if by clmnce five
thousand men in South Carolina, lately in in-
surrection, choose to be represented in conven-
tion, and in all things manifest a willingness to
return to their allegiance to the Constitution and
Government of the United States in good faith,
it follows of necessity that the residue of unre-
pentant insurgents in that State, whose hands
are red with the blood of their countrymen, have
a right to representation on this floor, and that,
too, as provided by the act of 18(>2, to which the
gentleman referred, giving them six Represent-
atives and two Senators? I want an answer.
Who undertakes to assert any such thing, and
who is to judge in this matter—the Congress or
the President?
Mr. VOOUHEBS. I did not hear the gen-
tleman's question. Will he repeat it?
Mr. BINGHAM. I say, if there were only
five thousand men acquiescing in the late reor-'
ganizing convention in South Carolina, or rep-
resented in that convention, which declared
submission to the Constitution and laws of the
United States, would that entitle them to six
Representatives and two Senators in Congress,
and to exercise all the powers and functions of
a State in the Union?
Mr. VOOKHEBS. Mr. Speaker, the easiest,
an cl a t the same time most absurd mode of argu-
ment. is to suppose absurd things. I just step
back on the fact that General Grant has been
down theic, and did not tiiid any such state of
things. That is sufficient for ray argument at
tins time. Now, when you find a case of only
five thousand in the community willing to dis-
charge their duties, we will consider that.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, the gentleman has
given us about the stoutest reason for his argu-
ment, 1 suppose, that he could find. He stands
behind the shadow of a mighty naiue. General
Grant, I believe, was one day in the State of
South Carolina, if at all, on that .journey; I am
not certain if he touched the borders of the
Slate at all. The gentleman thereupon coil-
eludes that it is all rightiu South Carolina; Gen-
eial Grant did not undertake to say so. But
the gentleman by hi* explanation concedes—
and that is enough for-my puipose—that the
representatives of tin; people of the United
States have some rijiht to inquhe. He con-
cedes that by saying lie is satisfied with the tes-
timony of General Grant. 1 concede it, too,
that Congress has the right to inquire, but I
am riot satisfied with the alk'ged testimony of
General Grant, in view of the l'acl that ho has
not given any testimony on that subject, and has
not proposed to do so. So much, then, for that.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am not willing that the
gentleman, alter the struggle through which
we have all passed, shall assume that he alone,
as a Ilepiesentalive of the people, is faithful
to the Constitution of his country and to the
sacred rights of the people of the whole coun-
try. I claim myself to cooperate with a party
of men who are as charitable as the gentle-
man can be, even toward these late insurgents,
these late conspirators, these men who but the
other day struck with their drawn daggers at
the white breast of our mother country. 1 am
not willing to concede that these gentlemen
who, by their utterances, but gave aid and com-
fort to the rebellion dining the giaantic stiug-
gle, arc the only persons to be intrusted with
the honor and dignity of this greatest of all
trusis ever committed to the care of any peo-
ple upon this earth, the perpetuity of the He-
public. The Republic, sir, is in the hands of
its friends, and its only safety is iu the bands of
its friends. The party of ihe Republic proposes
only to take security for the fuuire. They do
not expect nor hope forindemnity for the past.
They propose, however, to take security for the
future.
The gentleman, as I understand him, admits
that he voted for one of those measures the
other day which looked to security for the fu-
ture, and" that was the proposed amendment to
the Constitution making it hereafter unconsti-
tutional, by the will of the whole people of the
United States, either for the Congress of the
United States or for any State of this Union to
assume or pay any part of the debt contracted j
in aid of the late rebellion, or of any debt which '
may hereafter be contracted in aid of any re-
bellion against the United States.
Well, sir, if the people of the United States
are justified—and 1 inter from the gentlemam's
vote as well as from bis voiee to-day that, in
his opinion, they are justified—in taking that
one security for the future, ore they not also
justified in taking sugJ> additional security for
the future as will bring in all the hereafter
peace and prosperity to the South as well as
to the North, to the East as well as to the
West? _
Oh, sir, it ought to have occurred to the gen-
tleman when he was meditating his carefully
prepared speech in- commendation of the Presi-
dent, that there appeared in that same message
of his an utterance which ought to attract the
attention of this House, and the attention of
the whole country, and that was when he re--
produced the words which express the true in-
tent and meaning of the Constitution of the
United States. " Equal and exact justiceto all
men.'' That is the utterance of the President
in his message, an utterance which the gentle-
man found it convenient to be quite oblivious
of when he cauie to make up his words of com-
mendation. According to the political creed
of that, party which proposes to take the Presi-
dent imo its most holy and jealous keeping,
there is only to be equal and exact justice se-
cured to white men. [Laughter.] Yes, his
party were for equal and exact justice to white
men, uttering the horrid blasphemy all the
while that, this is a Government of white men.
Mr. Speaker, everybody at all conversant with
the history of the country knows that in the
Congress of 1778, upon the adoption" of the
Articles of Confederation as articles of per-
petual union between the States, a motion was
made then and there to limit citizenship by
the insertion in one of the articles of the word
''white," so that it should read, "All white
freemen of every State, excluding paupers, vag-
abonds, and so forth, shall be citizens of the
United Slates." There was a vote taken upon
it, for our instruction, 1 suppose, and four fifths
of all the people represented in that Congress
rejected with scoi n the proposition and excluded
it from their fundamental law: and from tlia-t
day to this it has found no place in the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, and col-
ored men as well as white men have been and
are citizens of the United States.
1 say, then, to return to the question, having
adopted one measure of security for the fuUtre,
we might, as well adopt another, and act upon
the suggestion of the President, that hereafter
the true intent of the Constitution, which is to
secure equal and exact justice to all men, may
bo carried into effect.
Why, sir, it is a maxim that has come down
to us from the infant days of the world that in-
justice in States is the source of turbulence and
resistance to the laws; injustice is the parent
of strife and conflict. Oppression makes even
a wise man mad. It is a maxim as old as civ-
ilization, "for those who do injustice there will
be a day of retribution." I thank the Presi-
dent for reminding Congress of this watchword,
"equal and exact justice to all men," which
was familiar to the people in the purer and
better days of the Republic. The spirit, tlie
intent, the purpose of our Constitution is to
secure equal and exact justice to all men. That
has not been done. It has failed to bo dope
in the past. It has failed in respect of white
men as well as black men. It has failed to be
done at, times in respect of some of the most
distinguished citizens of the Republic. Was
justice done to your martyr President when lie
was assassinated in the capital? Time was,
within the memory of every man now within
hearing of my voice, when it was entirely unsafe
for a citizen of Massachusetts or Ohio who was
known to be the friend of the human race, the
avowed advocate of the foundation principle of
our Constitution—the absolute equality of all
men before the law—to be found anywhere in
the streets of Charleston or in the streets of
Richmond.
To be sure, it was not because the Consti-
tution of the United States sanctioned any
infringement of his rights in that behalf, but
