1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2181
himself, that no member of this House has a
right by any alterations, even of his own re-
marks, in any respect to affect the rights or the
Eosition of any other member with whom he
as had a discussion,'whether in the way of
controversy or not. And I hope that it is un-
necessary for me to assure any gentleman with
whom I am acquainted that I am as incapable
as the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] pre-
tends to be, of doing anything in violation of
the rule which I state.
I deny entirely, speaking at a venture of all
these sheets which are here—and I challenge
a refutation of what I say—I deny that in any
respect or particular have these notes been so
altered by me as to change at all the posi-
tion of any gentleman in this House, whether
ho took part with me in the debate or not.
And I affirm—speaking of this sheet which i
will look at particularly in a moment; and
speaking of every other sheet upon which the
debate of yesterday was reported ; and speak*
ing also of every other sheet of Globe reports
that ever came into my hands—that I have
made no alterations, none whatever, except
those alterations which all gentlemen make,
rejecting the surplusage and diffusive style
which will always enter, more or less, into
extemporaneous speaking, so as to prune down
a little, into fewer words, the sense which was
expressed.
On yesterday there was properly before this
House the public administration of a public offi-
cer. It was a suitable theme for discussion. At
all events, whether it was so or not was a ques-
tion addressed to every gentleman for himself.
I commented upon the public administration of
this public officer and his subordinates; I spoke
of facts of which I had the right to speak, be-
cause 1 had investigated them, and I thought
I knew whereof I affirmed.
The member from Maine, [Mr. Blaise,] with
frivolous impertinence, put into the debate an
imputation upon my motives; and attributed
to me dishonorable personal resentment. Sup-
pose what he said had been true; what had
that to do with the matter which we were dis-
cussing? What light did an imputation cast
upon me throw upon the question whether the
Bureau of the Provost Marshal General ought
to be petrified forever in the military system
of this country ?
Not only did he make a statement, which I
repeat was frivolously impertinent and personal
to me, but he made a statement in which he
was mistaken. He added, in substance, that
I traduced this officer in his absence, and that
I did it here; thereby meaning to put upon me
the further imputation that skulking behind
the constitutional privileges of debate I was
defaming an absent man.
In answer to that T said that I had no such
intention; that I stated what I believed; that
J was ready to state it here or elsewhere, and
to be responsible for it, not only here but any-
where else. The gentleman says those are
technical words. I did not know that they
were technical words. I have heard them used
here repeatedly. I heard them used the other
day by a gentleman to whom I will not refer
more especially; ho said, in the precise phrase
which I aid not use on yesterday, that he would
be responsible, not only here but elsewhere.
What 1 said was that I was ready to stand by
the statement T made; not to shelter myself
behind the privileges of debate, but to be
responsible to any person who should be ag-
grieved, everywhere and whenever he might
see fit to raise the question.
Now, it was rather a cheap mode of clawing
off from an ungentlemanly passage in the de-
bate for the member from Maine to rise here
and pretend to this House that he understood
I meant to talk in the language of the duelist
or to intimate in any way that I sought a per-
sonal controversy with him. I beg to assure
him that my observation of iiim, if nothing else,
v/ould remove far distant from me the impres-
sion that in that way or in any other way it was
worth while to attempt to get out of him any
such controversy as that.
Now, sir, I made no such intimation. Ihad
no such intention. I made no such statement.
But on the contrary, I said what I will proceed
now to read as it stood originally upon this
paper; and then I will state to the House the
alteration which has been made; and I will
submit whether I will bo compelled to sit at the
feet of the gentleman from Maine and derive
from him instruction as to what is gentlemanly
and honorable.
Now, this sheet, which is handed to me with-
out what precedes it, commences in the middle
of a sentence. I would like to have the com-
mencement of the sentence.
Mr. BLAINE, (handing a page of man-
uscript.) I will say here 
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. Speaker; I
would like to continue my statement so far as
to read this sheet.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the gentleman will
state what is in his own handwriting.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I_ shall
understand which is my own handwriting;
and I shall be very frank and very fearless in
stating all the particulars about this matter.
If the gentleman will only be quiet he will find
that he will lose nothing of the truth by wait-
ing to hear my statement.
This the gentleman says is in my own hand-
writing, as it is:
" I say to him further, that I moan to talto no ad-
vantage, such as he attributes, of tho privileges of this
place, or of tho absence of General Fry."
I believe that is not the alteration com-
plained of.
" On tho contrary, I am roady to avow what I havo
hero declared anywhere."
Not " elsewhere," but "anywhere." I be-
lieve that not much is lost by that variation.
" I have stated facts for which I am willing to bo
held responsible at all times and places."
The alteration, complained of, as I under-
stand, is that instead of avowing a willingness
to be held responsible here or elsewhere,which
he says the phrase was, I say, "I am willing
to be held responsible at all times and places."
Well, sir. if there is any diminution of re-
sponsibility here; if, by this alteration, making
the declaration cover all space and all time,
there has been avoided any responsibility which
was assumed by saying "here or elsewhere,"
then I admit that I am subject to the censure
of gentlemen whose position and character are
such as to entitle them to give instruction upon
such questions.
Now, the words stricken out, in lieu of which
those words are inserted, appear thus in the
reporter's notes:
"I am responsible, not only here but elsewhere, for
what I have said and what I will say of the Provost
Marshal General."
That I understand to be the alteration com-
plained of. The notes were, "I am responsible
not only here but elsewherewhile, in making
the correction I have said, "I am willing to be
held responsible at all times and places." Mr.
Speaker, I stand by that alteration. I will not
undertake to say whether it is more or less pre-
cise than the original utterance. I will under-
take to say, and I submit it to every gentleman
in this House, that not only is (here no alteration
here which puts the gentleman from Maine in
any different position from that which lie occu-
pies, but there is no alteration by which I re-
lieve myself from any responsibility to any
human being which in the original utterance
I took.
Now, sir, having said this much. I conclude
by saying that I throw back to the gentleman
any sort of imputation which he seeks to cast
upon me; and T say to him that the time will
be far hence when it will become necessary for
him to dispense to me any information or in-
struction with regard to those rules which ought
to govern the conduct of gentlemen.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker  
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
asks unanimous consent to make a personal
explanation. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say a single word.
The reporters of the Globe, with their usual
accuracy, have reported me in my rejoinder
with the phrase "here and elsewhere" in quo-
tation marks. I want members to understand
the precise point of my complaint. Though I
am reported, and correctly reported, as refer-
ring to the gentleman's phraseology "here and
elsewhere," and commenting upon the bravado
of his manner, yet a person reading the debate
might be led to ask what I was replying to
when I quoted a phrase of that kind, the very
mild phrase "at all times and places" having
been cunningly substituted in the remarks or
the gentleman from Now York.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I never expected to make
a personal explanation in this House in my life.
As to courage I am like the Methodist deacon
about his piety—I have none to speak of. If I
had 1 should be loath to introduce it in compe-
tition with a gentleman who left such a brilliant
reputation for courage in the Thirty-Seventh
Congress.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to say one word,
that I did not see, of course, as gentlemen will
understand, the remarks of the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. BLAINE. I am told at the Globe office
he took the notes and did not return them till
twelve o'clock and one o'clock this morning.
That is said on my responsibility from Mr.
Lewis, the superintendent of the composing
room in the Globe office.
Mr. CONKLING. The member's zeal out-
runs his discretion, which perhaps is not the,
first occurrence of that land in his life. Mr.
Lewis, I undertake to say, and 110 other man
who stands respectably in the community, told
the member from Maine that I had for one mo-
ment the sheets containing his rejoinder or any
part of them. So far from that, one of the
Globe reporters, Mr. Lord, handed to me here
for tho first lime, between nine and ten o'clock,
during the evening session, the sheets upon
which my remarks appeared, and those alone,
and not all oven of the sheets upon which my
remarks appeared. They contained nothing else
except the point of oi der submitted to the Chair
and tile remarks made by the then occupant of
the chair [Mr. Dawes] in deciding that point
of order. I took those notes in haste, went
into a committee-room, read them over rapidly,
and corrected them. I never saw the notes of
thegentloman from Maine. I did not know they
contained any statement about "here or else-
where." 1 did not think there was the slight-
est significance in those words more than in
any ot her for this purpose. I say the statement
he makes, that I had his notes until midnight
or any other time, is without any shadow of
foundation in truth.
But, Mr. Speaker, a member of this House
capable of doing precisely that which upon four
marked occasions during this session I have
detected in the gentleman from Maine is capa-
ble of saying precisely what he said here, and
putting me in a position when I answer it which
makes me feel 1 owe an apology, if not to my-
self, to the members of this House, for detain-
ing them one moment ou such a matter.
DUTY ON IIVE JuVIMAIS.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee of Ways and
Means a bill imposing a duty on live animals
imported from foreign countries, and that it be
acted upon by the House at this time.
The bill was read.
Mr. MORR1LL. Mr. Speaker, in view of the
fact that wo shall act upon the internal revenue
bill, which will be reported to-day, before we
can act on the tariff bill, it seems to the commit-
tee to he necessary and proper to report this in
advance, for the reason that there is at the pres-
ent time no duty on any live animals whatever.
We understand tho Canadians have adopted
something of Yankee ingenuity, and are driving
over their herds to this side of the Hue, keep-
ing them here until shorn and then driving them
back again. This is to prevent practice like
that. I suppose there will bo no objection to
tlie immediate passage of the bill.
The bill was read a first and second time,
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time,
