1222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pasciial's constitution.
Mr. HENDRICKS subnvii ted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Itmolmd. That the Committee on Public Printing
inquire into the propriety of purchasing, for the use
of the Senate, a number of the copies of the Consti-
tution of the United States, with tho notes of refer-
ence and a complete index, prepared by George AV.
.Paschal.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask that the speci-
men of the Constitution and notes which I
have sent up to the Secretary's desk be referred
with the resolution to the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred.
cholera commission.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I submit the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
Reenlved, ThattheCommitteconForeign Relations
consider tho expediency of reporting a bill for tho
filipointmcnt of a medical commission of two mem-
bers, to be selected, one from the Army, the other
from civil professional life, to examine tho subjcct
ol cholera, disinfectants, and quarantine, and to at-
tend the proposed international convention as sug-
gested in tue President's communication upon tho
samo subject, horotoforo referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. SPIIAGUE. Tho resolution shadows
forth the opinion of many medical men bearing
on the subject of cholera and disinfectants and
quarantine, and upon the international con-
gress about to meet at Constantinople. I trust
the subject,will receive the earnest attention of
the Committee on foreign Relations, as it is one
to which legislation at tins time may well direct,
itself. I know of no subject more important to
the interests of the people of this country.
The resolution was adopted.
investigation 01' cotton frauds.
_ Mr. DAV IS. I move to tale up the resolu-
tion that 1 ollercd some time since lor the ap-
pointment of a committee to investigate cotton
hands.
Mr. GONNESS. 1 ask whether (he bill that
ivus pcndingyeslerday in the morning bom- does
not now come up without a motion, as the order
of the morning hour?
• The PRESIDENT pro tempore, ft has not
been the practice of the Senate to take up reso-
lutions or bills thai tire left as untinislied busi-
ness in tile morning hour. Any motion to pto-
eeed to the consideration of any other subject
lias aluavs been considered as in older.
Mr. < {J;\ XESS. 1 trust, the honorable Sen-
ator from Kcnlucky will let bis resolution pass
over for atiolher morning or two, since we are
in the midst o( a debate and near a vote on the
other question to which I allude.
Mr. DAV IS. jf the honorable Senator will
allow an amendment which I propose to oiler
as a substitute for my original resolution lo be
read, I have no objection to the matter taking
the course he indieales. °
'The, i'RESl I) ENT pro tempore. Docs the
"Senator from Kentucky wisli to have the motion
put on taking up the resolution referred to by
him, or does ho ask common consent to have
the proposed substitute read?
Mr. DAVIS. The resolution can betaken
up first, and then the proposed substitute can
be read.
Tho PRES1 DENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky to proceed lo (he roil.-,[deration of
the lesiilmion indicated by him.
The molion was aereed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. D.vvis on the !Hh
of February:
"W herens charges of fraud, peculation, nud extor-
tion have been madea gainst maitUof thoCotton Bu-
icau by eitixens, and especially cotton planters and
cotton motors; and whereas said charges have also
J!1"1'"!''rough the public press, and the serious
at eutiouoi the Penate called thereto: and whereas
t lias oeen made to appear to the donate that agents,
J"°it! vo V™ indicted by the Hiato
tn tll°, Jurisdiction of said i
courts u tilt ytotinseS liavthg hueu domed) antl tint u
accused agents taken out of the hands of the civil
authorities by military force :
Resolved, That a committee, to consist of Sen-
ators, be, and t he sameis hereby, appointed to investi-
gate the said charges, with authority to have brought
before them persons and papers; and said commit-
tee will report the result of its investigation to the
Senate for its action.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky offers an amendment, as a
substitute for the resolution, which will bo read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jicsotved, ThatthofoHowingbeaddedtotho special
rules of the Senato:
At this time, and hereafter at the commencement
of each session, tho President of the Senate shall ap-
point a committee, to consist of five members, on the
abuses of power by all officers and employes of the
United States,
2. When there is a political party in tho Senate
opposed to the party which maybe administering the
government, the President shall appoint a majority
of said committee, including the chairman, from the
Opposition. Sa.id committee shall investigate all
abuses of trust and power by the officers and employes
ol the Government, commencing their in v cstigations
from tho 1st oi January, 1801.
Mr. DAVIS. I asked that that amendment
bo read for in formation of the Senate, and I have
now no objection of tho matter going over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before thissuhject-malter
passes from the consideration of the Senate, I
wish to say a word. It will be remembered that
when the Senator from Kentucky called up this
resolution some days ago, he caused to be read
at the Secretary's desk a statement, I do not
know from whence it oaine, reflecting very much
upon an officer in the Army who is from my State,
General Bray man. I have received from Gen-
eral Bray man a note which, in justice to him,
as he was severely relleeled upon by that com-
munication, r think ought, to be read.
Mr. CONNESS. It can be read when the
subject is up.
Mr. TllUMBIJLL. Tt is up now and may
never lie up again. It will take but a moment
to lead it. I ask that General Drayman's letter
may be read that it may have the same publicity
as the charge that was presented against liiwi.
I will rend it my.self or ask the Clerk to read it.
The PUESIDKNT pro tempore. It will be
read, ifthero be no objection.
'flic; Secretary read, as follows:
■ Wasiiin-o.tov, 1). f!„ .Vmv7,1, lRfifi.
Sir: When Hon.(JariiuttI)wis,of Kcntueky.shall
^enc'uded the reading of the communication of
William LuineU, will you have (he kimlmvsto a^k
that this noto bo road nt the Secretary's desk that it
may have equal publicity before the Semite and lUc
country? _ *
While in command at Natohe-/ in 1JW1, T was fur-
lushed, hv a pui I y on duty in the Trea-nn depart-
ment, \vith an elaborate* detailed Maiemcnt, under
oath, of e.\ t cn?d\ e i't nudf and et itne- pel pet i at oil l>v
Wilftam 15 urn ol t. and otiio);-. auam-d (he tlovein-
ment and piivat <• oili/ens. Tin- complaint I lor-
wa nled I o uiv ^uneriot othecr, a,dun1-; lor i ns!) nc) ions
15oin- authorized, L ordered (lio arrest of Uiuootl and
i ^accomplice-. A com minion, composed oi able and
lioittM men, made a thorough investigation. The
pioofsof fhitneU's ^uilt weie .so overwhelming that
bo icsi-ned on the liltli day of tho investigation.
'the eotumi-,-ion made a lull and elaborate icport,
Accompanied by charges and specifications The^o
were transmitted to my supciior ollieers, with copies
lor the War and Treasury Departments, where, X
doubt not, ihey are on tile. Then, ami during the
whole penod of my command. I urged the trial of
Burnett, tor the otie,nses charged.
I now reaffirm the guilt of this man. I reaflirm
and stand by all my official orders and aeh in his
ease, and am prepared to convict him, whenever his
luondt? consent to an investigation. As an officer of
tfio (government, [ did hut mvdutv. My superiors
were, advised ot oveiyaUp taken, and X had their
approval thromrhoid.
X cannot eonde.^conil to notice tho £rro??ly indecent
personal ailuMons which the paper contains further
tint u to say that they were made in IStU by men ^mart-
in under a sense of detected mult, thoroughlyinves-
tigated hv my .superior oilieers, and by their written
oidet* and indon-e.ment?, now in my po.^scs^ion, pro
nonnced false and malicious. Xt ipaimuiw? that Mr.
JHiruett, knowing his statements to be untrue and
Gllie-iaUy discredited, should venture theirlcrcti'lion:
and unfortunate that heshould be able to impose them
upon the courtesy of vSemitor?.
Please do me the favor to join in demanding a com-
mit tee, with power to fend for persons and papers,
that a most thorough investigation may be made. It
may bo well even now to inquire why "William Bur-
nett was not tried, and whether at one time the in-
fection of crime and speculation had not made bad
men strong enough to thwart all efforts atcouviction
and dciy lair accountability.
Xlespeetfully, your obedient Forvant,
M. liilAYMAX,
Brrxet Major bcneral Volunteers*
Hon. 3a XnuSiKJLb, germiv.
  March 1,
Mr. DAVIS. The paper that I proposed to
have read the other day was objected to by the
^Senate before much progress had been made
ia the reading. Without any objection on my
part, this communication from General Bray-
mau has been read. I know nothing of the
matters referred to in either paper except what
the papers themselves set forth, with this ad-
ditional exception: there is a gentleman, a
resident of Cincinnati, whom I know, and
whom I know to be a man of high character,
whom I have seen since I received the com-
munication from Mr. Burnett. I handed that
communication to him and he read it, and he
said that much the most of the charges which
that paper made against General Brayman he
himself knew to be true, and he said further-
more that the treatment by General Brayman
of Mr. Burnett was so unjust, so oppressive,
and so atrocious that he would have slain him
the moment he was released from the military
court, if he had received the same treatment
that Mr. Burnett did from this General Bray-
man.
Now, I merely ask that this resolution he
mado the special order for half past twelve
o'clock to-morrow; and that then the residue
of tho paper which I offered the other day from
Mr. Burnett may be read, referring only to
facts and charges; 1 think there is hut little
vituperation in it; and then the Senate may,
without further discussion or consumption of
time upon my part, dispose of the subject upon
my motion either to have a special committee
to^ investigate that charge, or a general com-
mittee lo investigate the subject of abuses on
the part of the officers and employes of the G en-
eral Government, as one of the special rules of
the Senate. 1 therefore hope that in justice lo
Mr. Burnett, as the Senate have permitted this
counlcr-commumeation of General Brayman
to be read without having his communication
read, they will allow this subject to bo taken up
at hall past twelve o'clock to-morrow, simply
to have the reading of his communication com-
pleted, and that the subject may then be dis-
posed of according to the judgment of the
Senate.
Mr. 7 RUMBULL. E have not examined
this case, and therefore I will not undertake to
aflirm the guilt or innocence of a,ny of these
parties. I will state to the Senator from Ken-
tucky that, General Brayman, with liis letter,
transmitted to me a very long document .showing
the ollieiiil proceedings and orders in regard to
this Mr. [mniett. 1 have not asked to have
them read. 1 have not rCad them myself. T
only had the letter of General Brayman read
to : how I hat he denies all these accusations,
and manifestly the Senate could not decide upon
' his matter by reading tlie.se papers. General
Brayman avows himself quite ready and de-
sirous to have an investigation. Jfthe matter
is of sitcli character as ought to be investigated,
and the Senator from Kentucky thinks it is,
and has examined it, I hope lie will insist on
the appointment of a special eoinniitee to look
into it. That is what General Brayman de-
mands. I hardly think it would bo worth while
to ask tho Senate, or that tho Senate would
consent to tho reading of all the^e papers, and
I do not see any good to conic of it. 1 only
asked to have General Uraynuin's letter read
that he might simply deny the charges, lie
does not, go into the details in bis letter as will
be seen, but I have here a. long statement from
him otHiie subject. [ cannot, say what if pro-
poses. ior 1 have not had time to examine it
myself.^ I hope the Senator from Kentucky
will insist, on his spi eiat commit,tee and inves-
tigate thi? mailer. That is what GeneralBray-
man desires.
Mr. DA VIS. I will accept the suggestion
of tho Senator from Illinois if I maybe allowed
to do so. At twelve o'clock to-morrow I will
ask that a special committee be raised in con-
formity to the reepiest both of Mr. Burnett and
of General Brayman.
Mr. GRIMIiij. It will he remembered that
in the paper that was partially road at the
