THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
approved on the 5th of May, he appointed Mr.
Kinney a commissioner to appraise the lands
described in the act entitled " An act for the
relief of William Sawyer and others, of Ohio,"
approved July 1, 1864. I need not go on fur-
ther to state what the Secretary says. Here is
an appropriation to carry out the law. The
value of these lands has already been ascer-
tained in the mode prescribed by act of Con-
gress.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the _ gentleman
whether the statute under which this appraise-
ment was made does not expressly provide that
the land shall be appraised and valued accord-
ing to its present valuation in a state of nature.
Mr. STEVENS. It does, and so the com-
missioner, in a long report giving us the evi-
dence, states that he did value it in a state of
nature. Now, sir, it is the most remarkable
thing in the world that Mr. Sweetzer, who has
a right to this land, is to be held responsible
for the original title given by the Government
of the United States to these settlers. Mr.
Sweetzer can turn them out to-morrow under
the law without asking anybody's favor, and in
order to prevent it the vendor, who sold what
he did not possess and thus put into possession
innocent men, is asking us to appropriate this
money to protect the vendees from a just and
lawful claim, so decided by ourselves and de-
cided by the judgment of the courts.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to ask
whether there have not been two appraise-
ments of this land; whether the commissioner
who made the first did not appraise it at a
much less pricc than is now fixed; whether
Sweetzer did not refuse to take it, demanding
a higher price; and whether he did not pro-
cure the appointment of another commissioner
who, for some reason, I know not what, has
returned this appraisement, which is satisfac-
tory to Sweetzer.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know about the
first appiaisement, but the resolution shows
that this is a reappraisement; hence there
must have been one before. Mr. Sweetzer
was not bound to accept it, but he has signi-
fied his willingness to accept the sum which
was fixed by Mr. Kinney. Now, it is a simple
question whether this Congress will allow their
own vendee to be turned out.
[Ilore the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Coxici.ixg to strike out the section, it
was not agreed to—ayes thirty-five, noes not
counted.
Mr. KASSON. I move to add the follow-
ing as an additional section:
An<lbc it further cnacted, That whereas doubts have
arisen whether tho fourth section of the act approved
March 3,18G5, entitled "An act to amend an act to
provide internal revenue to support tho Government,
to pay interest on tho public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved Juno 30, 1864, authorized disburs-
ing n g-eiits to disburse other moneys than thoso ap-
propriated in tho said fourth section; therefore for
tho purpose ot' removing said doubts and declaring
the true intent and meaning of said fourth section,
tho said fourth section thall ho deemed, hold, and
const rued as being and remaining in full force and
effect from and after the 3d day of March, 1865, until
the same shall bo modified,and repealed, and as au-
thorizing tho disbursement through such agents of
money heretofore appropriated and that may here-
after bo appropriated for the payment of the lawful
expenses incident to carrying into effect tho various
act1* relative to tho assessment and collection of tho
internal revenue : and all bonds and obligations
heretofore entered into by collectors of internal rev-
enue as disbursing agents shall bo binding and obli-
gatoryupon such collectors and their sureties aswell
in respects to moneys which have been or may here-
after be received by said collectors as suchdisbursing
agents as to moneys appropriated in the said fourth
section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I offer the following addi-
tional items as amendments to the bill:
For compensation of the depositary at Santa I'e,
Now Mexico, as per act of March 3,1863, $1,000.
ITorsularies ofadditional clerks and additional com-
pensation of oiiioors and clerks, under act of August
6, 1846, at such rates as tho Secretary ot the Treasury
may deem just and reasonable, $10,000.
_ For compensation of two superintendents for the
life-saving stations on the coast of Long Island and
New Jersey, per acts of December 11,1851, and Au-
gust 18,1856, $2,500.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of stations,
per same act, $6,000.
For salary of the superintendent of the building
occupied by the Quartermaster General's office, $200,
for the current fiscal year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WEIGHT. I offer the following as an
additional section :-
And be it further enacted, That the Capitol# police
shall be entitled to the increased compensation al-
lowed to officers, clerks, messengers, and others in
the employ of the House of Representatives.
I will state that last year a bill was passed
which it was supposed gave to them their com-
pensation as employes of the House,. but it
appears that as the law stood they were em-
ployed by Congress, the House paying one half
and the Senate the other half. Therefore they
were left out in the cold. The object of my
amendment is to have that mistake rectified.
There are only a half dozen of these men and
I think justice requires that this amendment
should be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
lay this bill aside and take up another small
appropriation for Nebraska.
The amendment was agreed to.
REIMBURSEMENT OP NEBRASKA.
The Committee of the Whole then proceeded
to consider House bill No. 761, to authorize
the reimbursement of Nebraska of certain ex-
penses incurred in repelling Indian hostilities.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the first read-
ing of the bill was dispensed with, and the bill
was read by sections.
No amendment was offered.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I move that tho com-
mittee rise.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by add-
ing that the Chairman report both bills to the
House.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I accept the amend-
ment.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
special order, being bill of the House No. 791,
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending 30th of
Juno, I860, and for other purposes, and had
directed him to report tho same to the House
with sundry amendments ; also that the Com-
mittee of the Whole had had under consider-
ation the special order, being bill of the House
No. 701, to authorize the reimbursement to the
Territory of Nebraska of certain expenses in-
curred in repelling Indian hostilities, and had
directed him to report the same to the House
without amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
concurrcd in the amendments of the House to
the amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 775, to establish certain post roads.
Also, that the Senate had passed without
amendment House bill No. 772, to authorize
the issue of certain bonds in denominations
greater than §1,000.
Also, that the Senate had passed House joint
resolution No. 176, amendatory of a joint res-
olution entitled "Resolution respecting boun-
ties to colored soldiers and the pensions, boun-
ties, and allowances to their heirs," approved
June 15, 1866, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the
report of the committee ofreonference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 387) making appropriations for the
current contingent expenses of the Indian
departmentjfor fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June
30, 1807.
ENROLLED BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles ; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 692) increasing the pen-
sions of widows and orphans, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 587) to incorporate the
Soldiers' and Sailors' Union, of Washington,
District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 729) to change the port
of entry in Puget Sound;
An act (H. R. No. 779) to incorporate the
National Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home;
An act (H. R. No. 365) granting the right
of way to ditch and canal owners over the pub-
lic lands, and for other purposes ;
Joint resolution (H. R. No.* 190) in regard
to rations of Union soldiers held as prisoners
of war; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 178) in refer-
ence to the Dismal Swamp Canal Company.
DEFICIENCY BILL AGAIN.
Th-> House proceeded to the consideration
of the deficiency bill as reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the previous
question on the several amendments made in
committee.
Mr. LA WREN CE, of Ohio. I ask for a sep-
arate vote on striking out section five.
The SPEAKER. That was not stricken out
in committee.
Mr. LAWENCE, of Ohio. Then I hope the
previous question will not be seconded so that
the motion may be made to strike out.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments reported from the
Committee of the Whole were concurred in,
and the bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill as amended.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REIMBURSEMENT OF NEBRASKA.
The House then proceeded to consider House
bill No. 767, authorizing the reimbursement
of the Territory of Nebraska for certain ex-
penses incurred in repelling Indian hostili-
ties ; which had been considered in Commit-
tee of the Whole and reported to the House
without amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TENNESSEE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Representatives :
The following "Joint resolution, restoring
Tennessee to her relations in the Union," was
last evening presented for my approval:
"Whereas, in the year 1861, the government of the
State of Tennessee was seized upon and taken pos-
session ot by persons in hostility to the United States,
and thcinhabitants of said State, in pursuance of an
act of Congress, were declared to be in a state of in-
surrection against the United States; and whereas
said State government can only be restored to its
