3142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY. I move to amend the title of,
the bill so that it will read, " An act granting
the right of way to ditch and canal owners over
the public lands in the States of California,
Oregon, and Nevada.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the title was amended; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
messagk from tiih senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fobney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed House bills of the following titles, with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
An act (H. it. No. 492) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works heretofore com-
menced under authority of law, and for other
purposes; and
An act (II. U. No. 477) further to provide
for the safely of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, to regulate the salaries of steamboat
inspectors, and for other purposes.
. laboratory and mining association.
Mr. STUOUSE, from the Committee on
Mines aud Mining, reported back, with an
amendment, a bill (II. R. No. ',(3) to incor-
porate the Washington Laboratory and Min-
ing Association.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read, us follows :
Add fit the end of the hill (ho following:
And pr</vtt(rtl/id tlu r, Tint! (he charter of inoorpo-
ralion wanted to the Mid YVindiin^ton L<iboi ;ttor.v
Jind Minimc A^o<'i.itioa fdmll be limited to twenty
yeaiv, :md may fit uny limn ho amended or repealed
by
Mr. WAilD. Has the bill been printed?
Mr. STJIOUSE. it has. We have had the
bill under consideration for a long time. It is
only to incorporate in the District, of Colum-
bia a company for practical purposes. It is
for the establishment of a chemical laboratory
here in l.his city.
I will say further, this company is limited
in time and in capital, and 1 do not see how
there can lie any .substantial objection to it.
We have incorporated many companies at this
session which will be of less benefit to the
count ry.
Air. WILSON', of Iowa. Will this company
be confined in its operations l,o this District or
will it, when incorporated, be enabled to do
business general!v throughout the country?
Mr. STUOUSii. The title of the bill is
"the Washington Chemical and Mining Asso-
ciation." There is a section in the bill which
permits them to send scientilie men for the
piu'puse of examination throughout the Stales
and Territories. Jt does not form them into
a general mining company. Nothing in the
bill could be tortured into any such meaning.
Mr. ItOrfS. f ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer the following amendment:
Provided further. That the business of sflulforporsi-
tion shall be confined to the District of Columbia,
ami that the *:ud i-lnekholUcrs .4i:tU be intlh iduully
liable for nil (U'bl;- and liabilities of said company.
Mr. STROUSE. I cannot yield foi the in-
troduction of that amendment. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
'I he amendment of the committee was
agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
24, noes So : no quorum voting.
Mr. ASHLLY, of Ohio. I demand tellers.
The House does not understand this matter.
It was reported unanimously by the Committee
on Mining.
Mr. WARD. I object, unless both sides can
be heard.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ward and
Strouse were appointed.
The House again divided; and there were—
ayes 28, noes 70.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was rejected; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
assay oi'Pinns.
Mr. ALLISON, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported back House bill No. 81,
to relocate the branch mint in the State of Or-
egon, and the memorial of the Legislature of
Idaho, praying for a branch mint and assay
oflice at Boise City; which were laid upon the
table.
Mr. ALLISON, from the same committee,
reported the following bill; which was read a
first and second time :
A bill to establish additional offices for the assay of
gold and silver, and for other purposes.
Be it cnartai by the Senate, and ITouse of lleprrscnta-
tires ofJhe United States of America in Cone/rest assem-
bled, That the Setreljiy of the Treasury is hereby
authorized mid rearmed to establish assay offices of
the United States, for the receipt and for the melt-
in?, okaying, and stamping ol sold and silver, at
Portland, Oregon, and at l>oit>c Oit.v, in the Territory
ol Ldalio, and that the sum of $50,000 be appropriated
for carrying the provisions of this section into effect.
Sec. 2. -ilnd be it fui liter enacted, That for each of
said assay offices, as soon as the public interest shall
requiro their service, the President shall appoint, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, ono
superintendent, one a^ayer, and onemeltcr; aud the
Haiti supei intendent may employ as many clerks, sub-
ordinate workmen, and laborers, under tho direction
of the Sucrei.ny ot thoTi easury, as may be required.
The salaries ot the s.tid ollioeis and clerks shall bo
fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury, upon the rce-
om men da t ion ot the Director oi the "Mint; and to tho
snboulinatc win kmcu and laborers such wajres ?diall
he paid as nui> be detei mined by the supel intendent
of the mini and appioved by the Secretary of tho
licasmy,
Si-c. _IW l>c it Ji/rtffcr eivtcted, That the officers
and clerks to be appointed under this act, before en-
tciunr upon tin' execution ot their olhces, shall take
an oath or affirmation before .-*01110 jndseof the United
States, or of tho supreme com t of a, Territory as now
provided by law, and iaithiully anddihgently to per-
foim t he duties of theirotliees, ami shall each become
hound to the United States of America with one or
more sureties to the satisfaction of the Director of tho
Mint or the Secretary of the Treasury, conditioned
for tho faithful performance of the duties of tlieir
offices.
Si;e. 4. A nd b>> it further enacted, That the business
ot Mud offices shall be under the general control aud
dn ect ion of t he Director of the Mint at Philadelphia,
subject to the approval of the Secretary of theTreas-
uiy : and ior that purpose it shall be the duty of the
saul Dirm-tor to proscubc such regulations, and to
ivqniie such returns, and to establish such charges
foi mellnnr, assaying, and stamping as shall appear
to hun to be neee-^-aiy lor the purpose ol carrying
into (-fleet the provi>ioiwoi this act.
Skc. f). And be it Jurthrr enoctcd, That said assay
offices shall be places of deposit for such public
moneys as the Secretary of tho Tiea.-ury may duect.
Ami the superintendant of an asf-ay office, who shall
perfoiiu the duties of treasurer thereof, shall have
thccurdody of such moneys, and also pcilonn the
duties of Assistant Treasurer; and ior thatpmpose
idiall be subject to the provisions contained in an act
entitled " An acf to provide ior the better organiza-
tion of the Treasury, ami for tho collection, safe-
keeping, transfer, and disbursement of the public
lovenue,,, appioved August i>, 18IG, which relates to
tinj I'uMMuy and to the bianchmuit at New Oilcans.
Sr.c. () And be it .further enuct'-d, That tho owner
or owners of any gold or silver, m bullion, dust, or
other lorm, or of any foreign coin, shall be entitled
to deposit tho same in any of said otficcs, and the
supenntendent thereof shall civo a, receipt, staling
the weight anddescnjjtion of such gold orsilvcr bul-
lion, duM, oi coin, a* aforesaid, in the manner and un-
der such regulation5? a1- are or mavbo pi ovided in like
cases of deposits at the Mint of the United States with
the treasurer thereof. And such bullion, dust, or for-
eign coin shall, without delay, be incited, slaved,
and east into bars or ingots: and a, *tamp shall be put
upon each, ol such form and device as shall be pre-
aeiibed hy the Secretary of the Treasury, acuuatelv
(leMgH.Umg its weight, and fmeno^ ; and in tui,- iorin
the bullion shall be returned to the depositor, upon
payment by him ol^he proper charges foi melting,
a^ mg, and stamping, not exceeding the com there-
of. or m hea thereof, as he mav choose, lie ehall re-
ceive a certificate or certificates for the net value 1
thercot, issued by the superintendent, in such denom-
ination and form as mu> be prcM-ribed by the Secre-
tin vot tho Treasury, which shall be payable in coin
ot like metal as that originally deposited at the Mint
in Piubulolphia, or at the branch mint of the United
States at San Francisco, and shall be receivable iu
payment of all debts due to the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That all laws and
parts of laws now in force for the regulation of the
Mint of the United States and its branches, and for
the government of officers and persons employed
therein, and for the punishment of all offenses con-
nected therewith, shall be in full force in relation to
the assay offices by this act established, so far as tho
same may be applicable thereto.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That tho act enti-
tled "An act to establish a branch mint of the Uni-
ted States at Dalles Oity, in the Stata of Oregon,"
approved July 4, 18(54, bo, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Sec. 9. Andbe it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized to dispose of or
remove, wholly or in part, the property, buildings,
and machinery belonging to the United States, and
erected for the purposes of a branch mint, at the town
of Charlotte, in the Stateof North Carolina, and also
the property, buildings, ami machinery used for like
purposes atDahlonega, inthe State of Georgia, upon
such terms and conditions as hemaydeem advisable.
And ho may authorize the retention of such portion
of said property, buildings, and machinery at eit her
of said places, as may be necessary for the purpose
of assaying metals, as provided by this act, if in his
judgment such office or offices are necessary.
Mr. ALLISON". I yield to the gentleman
from Oregon for twenty minutes.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Speaker, I per-
ceive that the committee has reported in favor
of an assay office in the State of Oregon instead
of the removal of the branch mint there. I
have no doubt that the policy proposed to be
pursued by the committee in general is cor-
rect; that js, to establish assay offices in the
different localities instead of branch' mints.
But, sir, there are certain localities where this
policy should not be carried out. There are
certain points that demand from tlieir natural
location the establishment of branch mints,
while other positions would bo well suited for
the establishment of assay offices. And I will
say to you that Portland, in Oregon, is one of
those points that demand the establishment of
a branch mint. An assay office will not an-
swer the demands of commerce of that station.
Consequently I am under the necessity of object-
ing to that feature which proposes to substitute
an assay office.
Mr. Speaker, we have a large country, extend-
ing from ocean to ocean, and from the Lakes
in the North to the Gulf in the South ; more
than three thousand miles from east to west,
and more than two thousand miles from north
to south, with an extensive variety in climate,
soil, and productions; one section adapted to
one kind of business, a second to another, and
a third to something else. Maine has her fish-
eries, lumber, <fcc., Vermont her grazing and
wool-growing, Massachusettsher manufactures,
Pennsylvania her iron and coal, Louisiana her
sugar and cotton, Illinois her agriculture, Cal-
ifornia her mines, commerce, and vineyards,
and Oregon her agriculture, commerce, and
inines.^ _ Each has its peculiar interests and
necessiti.es; and I take it as an admitted fact
that the people of each section understands its
own local wants best; or shall we take the
ground that the people of some particular sec-
tions not only understand their own wants best,
but those of everybody else? Shall we, tho
members of this Congress, sanction the doc-
trine that the people of certain portions of our
country are not only to judge of their own
local interests, but those of all others ?
Now, Mr. Speaker, I most heartily detest
and repudiate this whole theory of special
rights and special privileges. 1 most heartily
and cheerfully accord to the people of the dif-
ferent States and sections of our common coun-
try the right to judge ot then* own necessities,
sufferings, and remedies. 1 have freely cast
my vote here in favor of measures of largo
expense to the General Government that I did
not consider to be of the slightest possible ad'
vantage to the State and people that I have the
honor to represent on tins floor. I3ut, sir, I
consider that the wants and wishes of the peo-
ple of other sections are to be regarded as well
as those of my own. I recognize the equality
of their rights, the superiority of their advan-
tages for judging in the case, aud their equal
claims to honesty and credit in the matter.
This Go vernment is not intended to foster and
protect the interests of one section more lhau
