2182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL BANKS AND CURRENCY.
Mr. DARLING, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to amend the act in relation to
national banks and currency, approved June
3, 18G4; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency.
REBEL COTTON LOAN.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President be requested to com-
municate to this House, if not incompatible with the
public interest, any negotiations that have been en-
tered into by or proposed to tho executive depart-
ment of this Government respecting the rebel debt
known as tho cotton loan or any other rebel indebt-
edness.
WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. LATHAM, byunanimousconsent, intro-
duced a joint resolution to extend to the coun-
ties of Berkeley and J etferson, in West Virginia,
the provisions of an act approved July -1, 18(5-1,
entitled "An act to restrict the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims and to provide for the pay-
ment of certain demands for quartermaster's
stores and subsistence supplies furnished to the
Army of the United States which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, pre-
sented papers in relation to the contested elec-
tion in the twenty-first congressional district
of Pennsylvania; which was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
1U1LKO VI) IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. J [fl J AX, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, by unanimous consent, reported
House bill No. .197, granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the cily of Yanctou to the west line of I he
State of Minnesota, in the Territory of Dakota;
which was ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
Mr. WAS1IBU RNE, of Illinois. T move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
committed, and to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ESIro RANT VESSELS.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to.
llcmfard, That tho Committco on (,'ommeroo bo
requested to inquire what legislation is necessary to
prevent, vessels tiom foreign ports carrying an undue
and disproportionate mimin'i of passengers and emi-
grants to their ship accommodations, and whether
any precaution should be adopted to prevent tho
introduction into this country of cholera and otlior
infectious diseases in su(h overloaded vessels.
DEFENSE OF MONTANA TKRKITORRY.
Mr. SMITH. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill to provide arms and ammuni-
tion for the defense of the inhabitants of Mon-
tana Territory.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
ESCUTCHEON'S OF WEST VIRGINIA AND NEVADA.
The SPEA KER laid before the House tho
following report trom the Commissioner of
Public Buildings; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations:
Office Commissioner of Publiu Buildings,
Capitol of the United States.
Washington, April 25,18(56.
Sir: In compliance with tho resolution of tho
House of "Representatives of the United States of
February 13.180(5, I have caused to be painted and
placed in two ot the panels of the ceiling of tho
House of Representatives the escutcheons of the
States of We*t Virginia and of Nevada.
I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,
B. B. FRENCn,
Commisfiioner of Public -Buildings.
Hon. Soinn i,er Colfax, Speaker of the House of
Representatives of the United States.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
the regular order of business.
The House accordingly proceeded, as the
regular order of business, to the consideration
of the unfinished business of last evening, be-
ing House bill No. 414, to secure the speedy
construction of, the Northern Pacific railroad
and telegraph line, and to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes.
The pending question was the question raised
by Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, on the recep-
tion of the report, upon which the previous
question had been seconded and the main ques-
tion ordered, and tho yeas and nays ordered.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. I under-
stand the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price]
expresses a willingness, if the report shall be
received, to give full and ample time for dis-
cussion. I therefore waive all objections to
the acceptance of the report.
_ Mr. WENTWORTH. How long will he
glMr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He is
willing to give until August if necessary.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Does he say so?
[Laughter.]
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh yes,
sir. He means by that., of course, a reasona-
ble time.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I want to be heard
on this question.
Mr. W ASIIB URNE, of Illinois. I have the
pledge of my friend from Iowa [Mr. Price]
and 1 will indorse it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 would rather have
the Speaker's indorsement,. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 with-
diaw objection to the leeeption of the report.
The SPEAKER. The question then is, Khali
the bill be engrossed and read the third time?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 now iaise
the question of order whether the bill is before
the House—whether after it was recommitted
to the committee they reported back the bill
which was before the House or another bill.
Tho SPEA KER. The question of reception
is withdrawn, and now the question of order
is raised in regard to the bill being properly
before the House.
3Ir. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My point
of order is that the bill before the House was
never referred to the committee ; that they
never had it in their possession, and did not
report it back.
Tho SPEAKE R. That involves tho question
of reception. The Chair will decide the point
of order. The subject of a Northern Pacific
railroad having been referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad by petitions
and bills, that gave them jurisdiction of the
question, and they had a right to report the
bill referred to tliem or any other bill on the
subject. The Chair, therefore, overrules the
question of order and the bill is before tho
House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I cnll
for the reading of the bill, resetting the ri^hl,
to raise a question of order upon it when it has
been read.
The bill was read.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate insisted upon their amendments, dis-
agreed to by the House, to the bill of the House
No. 23S, to amend an act entitled "An act
relating to habeas corpus and regulating judi-
cial proceedings in certain eases," approved
March 3, 1863, and agreed to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon; and had appointed
Mr. Clark, Mr. Trumbull, and Mr. Hen-
dricks the conferees on the part of the Senate.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD AGAIN.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It will
be remembered that last night, when this bill
was presented, I raised the point of order that
it was an appropriation bill. Since that time
I have conferred with many gentlemen, both
those who are favorable to this measure and
those who oppose it, and I have heard from
them but one opinion, and that is that the
Speaker, in giving his opinion and sustaining
the point of order, was clearly correct.
The bill as now reported again differs in no
material manner from the bill reported last
evening. I therefore raise the same point of
order, that this is an appropriation bill and
must go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The bill now contains the
following proviso:
Provided, however, That no money shall be paid
on account of this bill until an appropriation shall
be made for that purpose.
The Clerk will now read from the Globe a
decision made upon this point by one of the
predecessors of the present occupant of the
vhair in the year 1863.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The Speaker. It has always been held that in
order to bring a bill within the rule, the appropri-
ation must be sufficient, without requiring further
legislation, to take money out of the Treasury."
That has been the uniform ruling of various
occupants of the chair, and as this bill will not,
without further legislation, take any money out
of the Treasury, tho Chair overrules the point
of order and decides that this is not an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. PRICE obtained the floor.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask the gentleman
from Iowa to let the report be read.
Mr. PRICE. I am not aware of there being
any report.
Mr. Speaker, T am glatl that the stress of
weather by which this bill has been incum-
bered is clearing up, tho fog is lifting, and its
friends feel pleasure in finding it on the open
sea of free discussion.
1 will say at the commencement that I do
not propose to indulge in any attempts at ora-
tory or eloquence in reference to this bill. I
am of opinion that it is a matter of dollars and
cents, facts and figures. Unless the facts and
the figures will establish the other important
fact that the bill has merits of its own and ought
to pass this House, then I, as one of the advo-
cates of the bill, as one of the committee who
report it to this House, am perfectly willing to
see it voted down.
This Northern Pacific railroad was chartered
at the first session of the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress, and gives an extensive grant of lands to
the company. Nothing, as I understand, has
been done by the company up to this time, for
the reason that tho lands granted cannot be
made available for tho purposes intended. Tlicy
now eomo forward and ask additional assist-
ance in the shape of a guarantee of a certain
amount of stock to enable them to make the
grant available. I want gentlemen to remem-
ber that it is a limited amount of stock for a
limited time.
The only question to bo settled in reference
to this matter is, whether the guarantees that
the Government is to give to the company who
agree to the construction of this road will be
repaid to the Government and the country by
the benefits derived from it. On the first threg
hundred and eighty miles of this road the bill
proposes to guaranty stock to the amount of
$20,000 per mile. I will be obliged to gentle-
men who feel an interest in this bill, either foi
or against it, if they wilt give their attention to
these-figures. Figures, as gentlemen know,
will not lie, unless they be put down wrongly;
and itis the business of members to see whether
I put them down wrong or not.
On the next six hundred and twenty miles
of this road the bill proposes to guaranty
stock to the amount of $25,000 per mile, mak-
ing tho guarantee upon the stock $20,000 per
mile and $25,000 per mile for the first thou-
sand miles of the road, the average being
$22,500 per mile. The interest upon that
stock at six per cent., the rate specified in the
bill, -which interest is to be paid in currency,
