1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1'22B
request of the Senator from Kentucky there
were soine very serious charges made against
General 'James M. Tuttle, a citizen of the State
■which I have the honor in part to represent.
I have not had an opportunity to have any
communication with General Tuttle since that
paper was read, but I desire to say, in vindi-
cation of General Tuttle, that two years ago
his character was so fair and unblemished in
the State of which he is a citizen that he was
the Democratic candidate for Governor, and
he received the whole strength of that party;
and in vindication of that party I think it is
due that I should here say in their behalf that
they would not consent to give their votes in
behalf of a man who stands charged justly of
the oii'euses which are sot forth in that paper.
I will say further, that so far as I know and
believe General Tuttle is an honorable and
excellent man. I never heard any of these
charges against him, and although I am not
prepared to say that they are not true, I am
prepared to say that I do not believe one word
of them.
Mr. OONNESS. I hope that now this sub-
ject will go over at present; and I will state
again to the honorable Senator from Kentucky
that I agree in the suggestion made that this
whole matter should go to a special committee.
I think he will concede that the reading of
these papers before the Senate should not be
had now, and that the whole subject-matter
should be sent to a committee to investigate it.
Mr. DAVIS. I have acquiesced in that
before.
Mr. CQNNESS. I hope the resolution will
go over in order that we may take up this other
subject to which I have alluded and come to
a vote upon it. I am exceedingly anxious to
have that disposed of, because I receive con-
stantly letters and telegraphic dispatches call-
ing my attention to it.
Mr. DAVIS. My suggestion is simply this:
that this matter be made the special order for
halt past twelve o'clock to-morrow with a view
then to raise a committee.
Mr. COJvNESS. The Senator can move to
take it up without making it a special order.
There w:!l be no objection to it.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope we shall then take a
vote without any discussion. Before I take my
seat I will remark that I was advised, as the
Senator from Iowa has stated, that General
Tuttle was the Democratic candidate for Gov-
ernor in the State of Iowa. I took it for
granted, and I still am of opinion, that he is a
man of integrity and of character. If he be so,
then the investigation cannot harm him or any
other man who occupies such a position, but
would have the effect to vindicate them from
all aspersions; and I shall be gratified if Gen-
eral Tuttle and General Brayman and every-
body else implicated in the charges made by
Mr. Burnett shall come forth as bright as bur-
nished gold.
Mr, FESSENDEN". I wish to enter my pro-
test against this investigation being had under
the resolution originally offered by the Senator
from Kentucky. That resolution points at the
Treasury Department and the Treasury agents,
&c. The evidence he has adduced has refer-
ence to abuses by officers of the Army and not
officers of the Treasury Department. If he
varies his resolution so as to meet this indi- j
vidua! cri.se without regard to which it may be j
considered that evidence has been offered, I j
shall make no objection to it; but I shall ob- j
ject to an investigation under the original res- |
olution. No testimony whatever has been of- !
fered on that subject except to deny that there
has been any abuse; that is to say, so far to
the Senate are concerned.
llr. CONNESS. All that will necessarily
come up when the question of appointing the
committee comes up, and there is value in the
suggestion made by the honorable Senator. I '
hope the subject will go over now, and the Sen-
ator from Kentucky can take it up without
opposition in the Senate on any morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved jj
tlrji the further consideration of this resolution
be postponed until to-morrow, and be made
the special order at half past twelve o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose that is an end of
the matter.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator may call it
up at any time, and I have no doubt he will be
allowed to do so. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the motion to
reconsider which was pending yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The sub-
ject before the Senate is not disposed of. The
Senate merely refused to make it the special
order for to- morrow at half past twelve o' clock.
Mr. CONNESS. Then 1 move it be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. YATES. 1 will inquire of the Senator
from Kentucky whether these papers are with-
drawn. I understood him to say, "This is an
end of the matter." Are the papers introduced
withdrawn ?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not withdraw anything.
Mr. YATES. I desire to say in behalf of
General Brayman that he demands an investi-
gation, and I do not see, unless it is not in
order at present, why this committee might not
be appointed by unanimous consent. I hope it
will be done, or at least it will be agreed that
the committee shall be appointed.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. -The mo-
tion before the Senate is that the further con-
sideration of the resolution be postponed until
to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
BONDED WAREHOUSES.
Mr. CONNESS. I now renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 135) to extend the time for the withdrawal
of goods for consumption from public store and
bonded warehouse, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the motion to recon-
sider the vote passing the bill,
Mr. Sl'RAGlTE. I move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
the day after to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will not be done
by the Senate. The honorable Senator has
told us that he intended to contest this measure
by postponement. Now, 1 hope we will come
to a vote.
Mr. SPIIAGFE. I brought to bear to the
consideration of this question yesterday a very
hoarse voice, and to-day I find that my voice
is no better, and I have also somewhat of a fever,
which would render it rather difficult, for meto
express the views that I entertain in the manner
that I should be glad to do. I therefore make
the motion to postpone, and trust that upon that
day I shall be able to continue and conclude
the remarks that I propose to make upon this
subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis moved
that the further consideration of this bill be post-
poned until the day after to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I give notice that on the
day after to-morrow I shall call for a vote, and
shall call for the yeas and nays on this question.
INM5KKAL KEVENG'E.
Mr. SHERMAN. I reported a bill yester-
day morning from the Committee on Finance
which 1 will ask the Senate to take up and act
upon now. 1 suppose we can dispose of it
before the hour arrives for the consideration of
the special order.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded 10
consider the bill (II. II. No. "201) to declare the
meaning of certain parts of the internal rev-
enue act appioved June 30,1801, and for other
purposes.
It provides that in section one hundred and
twenty of the act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30,. 1804, the
words, "nil dividends in script, or money]
theieatier declared due. and whenever the same I
shall be payable, to stockholders, policy hold-
ersor depositors," shalLmean all dividends in
scrip or money whenever payable,.and all stock-
holders, policy holders, depositors; or parties
whatsoever, including non-residents, wliether
citizens or aliens.
It further provides that in section one
hundred and twenty-two of thatact the word
, stockholders ' shall mean all persons or .par-
ties whatsoever that are or may be stockholders,
including non-residents, whether citizens or
aliens; and. the words " all such interests or
coupons, dividends or profits, whenever the
same_ shall be payable," are to apply to all
such interest or coupons, dividends or profits,
whenever the same are or maybe payable, and
to whatsoever party or person the same are
or may be payable, including non-residents,
whether citizens or aliens.
It is to be the duty of all persons required to
make returns or lists of income and articles or
objects charged with any duty or tax .to de-
clare in such returns whether the several rates
and amounts therein contained are stated ac-
cording to their values in legal-tender currency:,-
and in case of neglect or refusal so to state, to
the satisfaction ot the assistant assessor receiv-
ing such returns or lists, the assistant assessor
is required to make returns or lists for such per-
sons so neglecting or refusing as in the case of
persons neglecting or refusing to make the lists
or returns required, and to assess the duty
thereon, and to add thereto the amount of pen-
alties imposed by law in case of such neglect or
refusal. Whenever the rates and amounts con-
tained in the lists or returns are stated in coined
money, it is to be the duty of each assessor, re-
ceiving them to reduce such rates and amounts
to their equivalent in legal-tender currency
according to the value of such coined money
in currency at the time when and place where
the lists or returns are receivable, and which
\alue the assessor is to determine. The lists
required by law to be furnished to collectors
by assessors are in all cases to contain the sev-
eral amounts of taxes or duties assessed, esti-
mated, or valued in legal-tender currency only.
The provisions of this act are, so far as neces-
sary, to apply to all returns, lists, assessments,
and collections required by those acts in addi-
tion to those above mentioned, by whomsoever
made, returned, assessed, or collected, in any
mode or for any purpose whatever. Tlie-Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, is author-
ized t,o make all necessary rules and regulations
for carrying this act into effect.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with two amendments, in section one, line ten,
and also in section two, line eight, to strike
out the word "whenever" and insert "where
ever.''
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those cor-
rections will be made if there be no objection,
being merely verbal corrections.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps it is due to the
Senate that I should state the effect of this bill.
It is to change and modify the income tax some-
what. By a decision made by the Chief Jus-
tice in Baltimore certain bonds if they belong
to foreigners are exempted from the income
tax. The purpose of the first two sections of
the bill is to reach incomes due to foreigners
derived in this country from coupons, bonds,
&«., of corporations. 1 think that is mani-
festly just. The third and fourth sections are
intended to cover an evasion or fraud of the
law. When the income of an individual is pay-
able in gold, it is often returned as so much
money in gold ; but if it should bo reduced to
the standard of our ordinary currency it would
make a considerably larger sum. I he pur-
nose is, where the income is returned in gold,
that the tax shall be paid in gold or its equiv-
alent. With this explanation, I do not know
that it is necessary to say anything further.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read a third time. It was read the third
time, and passed.
