1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xvhom they might lay their hands, and whose
crime was committed within that State. I
would like to see the man who is bold enough
lo deuj' this.
They are States, says the President, but only
for federal purposes; they have, all this while,
during rebellion, been States, but only for fed-
eral purposes; they were during their rebellion
not States for mvmicipalpurposes, andean never
be till they reorganize thoir constitutions of gov-
ernment to the satisfaction of the American peo-
ple. There are two parlies to the reorganization
of these rebel Slates. The President cannot
constitute a State; Congress alone cannot con-
stitute a State ; nobody upon earth can consti-
tute an organized, constitutional Stale of the
Union but the people of llie United States, and
the people of the proposed State cooperating.
If the people of South Caiolina do their part
rightly and well, to which end no enabling act
is needed, as it is but the exercise of the right
of petition, which is guarantied by the Consti-
tution, and which you can neither confer nor
take away by law, it will only then remain for
Congress, upon her presenting a complete or-
ganization, to admit her to her equal position
as a State within the Union, with fuil power to
exercise her restored functions and with full
right to her equal representation in the Senate
and House. The speedy restoration of every
State to its equal position, as soon as it can
bo done safely for the Republic, is.J am sure,
the purpose of this House and of the Presi-
dent.
Mr. SMITH. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question tor my own grati-
fication. and I may say for my own informa-
tion, and I should like to have it answered at
this point of the debate. I understand him to
say that during the four years of the rebellion,
as he understands the question, audasthePrcsi-
dent designates it, the municipal authorities of
those States were suspended; that the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial powers were of no
effect. The question which I wish loask is this:
If that be the truth relative to the municipal
condition of the southern State-, what thou be-
comes of the action of those Slates during the
time of the rebellion in reference 10 the transfer
of property, marriages, &e.? In wlial relation
do they now Maud to the Government?
Sir. BINGHAM. Which judiciary?
Mr. SMITH. The judiciary of the State.
A Mew,eli. The rebel judiciary.
Mr. 1>IXG HAM. So far as marriages are
concerned. 1 never heard of any State in my life
out of Paganism where marriage contracted
under such circumstances has been interfered
with, if there was anything done by the rebel
judiciary, to answer the gonl Ionian's question
further, such as that which was done for instance
in Tennessee, of which we took some cognizance
at the time when we tried Humphreys in the
Seriate for his treason against the country—if
they have rendered in any of the rebel States
such decrees as that judge rendered in Tennes-
see, confiscating the property of citizens of the
United States, I think the constitutional Gov-
ernment of the United States can now reach
them and set them aside.
Mr. STEVENS. With my friend's permis-
sion, I should like to ask him a question. I
want to know whether at the time the so-called
confederate government was a government in
fact, was organized and performed all the func-
tions of government, the laws then passed and
the decress then made are not binding upon the
people of the rebellious States?
Mr. BINGHAM. They maybe if not in con-
flict wilh the laws of the United States, and that
people choose to submit, to them now that peace
is restored. They are void under the Consti-
tution of the United States, as against the rights
of any citizen who did not assent to them.
Mr. SMITH rose.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will excuse
me from further interruption. I am obliged
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his
suggestion. 1 understand that he is not in the
habit of interrupting for the purpose of weak-
ening an argument, but for the purpose of
strengthening it, and I am obliged to him for
his suggestion. I doubt whether there can be
found upon this floor a single man who will de-
liberately say, if the insurgent State of South
Carolina, through her corrupt and treasonable
judiciary, had decreed for the use of the south-
ern confederacy the connscal ion of the property
of that venerable man, Pettigrew, who clung to
the Constitution and cherished the hope of res-
toration as he cherished the hope of a better
life, that the United States had not the power to
reverse that decree and restore that property.
If South Carolina all this while was a State,
with all the powers of a State, within the Union,
how can we reach any such case? My learned
colleague, [Mr. Hayes,] who does me the honor
to listen to me, knows that the State of Ohio,
when she legislates touching tlio transfer of real
estate within her limits and among her citizens,
and without impairing the obligation of con-
tracts, is beyond the power of the Federal
judiciary, and cannot be restrained therein by
the Federal Government.
With the explanation I have given his words
I see no occasion to take issue with the Presi-
dent upon the status of the States in rebellion,
but admit that these States remained States
through the conflict for Federal purposes; that
means that, the State lines remained, that the
judicial districts remained intact,, so thatV/hen
the war ceased in those States the Government
of the United Stales could administer justice in
every one of those Slates, and try therein all per-
sons for crimes against the United States therein
committed. 1 do not feel disposed to admit, if
a citizen of South Carolina were to-day to com-
mit treason against the United States at Charles-
ton, that he could not be there tried for his
crime; nor if he committed his Crime there last
year that he could escape trial when arraigned,
on the pica that the district of South Carolina,
previously prescribed by the law of the United
States, had ceased, either by his treason or by
the treason of others, to be a judicial district
within a Stale.
I never was of that class of persons who be-
lieved or assented to the position for a moment,
and I do not know if there is any oue here who
docs, that all the people within the limits of
thai confederacy were alien enemies. Accord-
ing to the Constitution and laws of the United
Stales Government, every man is responsible for
his own crime, and not for the crimes of others.
So thai when the sovereignty of the country
comes to be restored—in Virginia and the
Carolina?, the judiciary of the United States
are bound by their oaths to discriminate be-
tween those who contributed by the compul-
sion of the bayonet lo the support of the re-
bellion, and those who originated it and are
the guilty perpetratois of the great wrong.
There is a wide difference between Jefferson
Davis, the leader of the revolt against the
Union, who. to enter upon it, voluntarily
broke his oath to support the Constitution of
his country, and that poor, poverty-stricken
conscript who served the confederacy of traitors
only because of compulsion, or to secure there-
by his daily bread.
I have said enough. T think, on this subject
to satisfy gentlemen that the President stands
by the great body of this House touching the
status of the States. They need reconstruc-
tion. Their fuuclions are suspended. Some-
thing must be done to give them an equalplace
in the Union. That is what the President says
and what the Iloa'e says. Who shall judge
whether that which it was essential to do has
been done at all, and if done, whether it has
been done rightly'.' Who is to decide it? I say
it, without waiting to quote authorities, that the
loyal people of the loyal States, who sa^ed the
Union, and are represented on this floor, are
llie final judges upon that question, and from
I their decision there lies no appeal.
| Now, Mr. Speaker, having said this much,
! and a great deal more than i intended to say
i when I rose, without the slightest preparation,
I to reply to the carefully elaborated speech of
j the gentleman from Indiana, I propose to
S bring this whole question to an issue before the
House by offering the following as a substitute
for the gentleman's resolutions:
Strike out all after "Resolved," and insert:
Resolved, That this House hasan abiding confidence
in the President, ancl that in tho future, as in the past,
ho will cooperate with Congress in restoring to equal
position and rights wilh the other States in the Union
all the States lately in insurrection,
And on that I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] lo consent that this.whole
subject be referred to the joint committee on
reconstruction.
Mr. BINGHAM._ Very well, I will withdraw
the call for the previous question, and will move
that the resolution with my substitute be referred
to the joint committee on reconstruction. And
upon that motion I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. VOORHEES. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion to refer.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 107, nays 32, not vot-
ing 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, James
M. Ashley, liaker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Be am an,
Benjamin,Bidwell,Bingham, Blaine, Boutwell, Bran-
dpgee, Bromwell, Broomall, Buclcland, Bundy, Reader
W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook,
Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Deirecs, Doming,' Donnelly,
Driggs, Eggleston, Eliot, Ferry, Gartield, Grinnell,
Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, -
Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, John II, Hubbard, James R.
Hubhell, llulburd, Ingersoll, Jenckes. Julian, ICel-
ley, Kelso, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham,
Wiiliam Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Marvin,
McClurg, MelCoe, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Moor-
head, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers, VowolJ,
O'Sfeill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Pernain, Phelps,
Pike, Plants, Price, Alexander H. Rico, John H.
Rioe, Rollins, Sawyer, Seofield, Shellabarger, Smith,
Spalding, Stevens, Stillwell, Thayer, John L. Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernnm, Burt Van Horn,
Warner, Klibu B. Washburne, William B.Washburn,
"Walker, Williams, Stephen Wilson, and Win-
dom—107.
KAYS — Messrs. Aneona, Borgcn, Boyer, Brooks,
Ohanler, Darling. Dawson, Denison, Eldridgc, Gloss-
brenner, Gnder, Aaron Harding, Hogan, James M.
Humphrey, Kerr, Lo Blond, Marshall,Niblack, Nich-
olson, Kocll, ltadtord, Samuel ,1. Randall, Raymond,
Uittcr, Rogers, Ross, Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Voor-
lieos, Winheld, and Wright—32.
NOT VOTING—Mesfrs. Alley, Delos R. Ashley,
Barker, Blow, Culver, Delano, Dixon, Dumont, Bek-
ley, Farnsworth. Farquhar. Knelt, Goodyear, Gris-
wold, Hairis, Hotehluss, Domas Hubbard, Edwin N. ■
Hubbell, James Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, ICasson,
George V. Lawrence, Marston, McCullough, Mclndoe,
Pomeroy, William H. Randall, Rousseau, Sclienek,
Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Starr, Francis Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
Wentworth, Whaley, James F. Wilson, and Wood-
bridge—43.
So the resolutions and substitute were re-
ferred to the joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House agreed to the motion
to refer; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pensions and BOUNTIES.
Mr. MYERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide that the death of any
soldier, sailor, or marine while in the service
shall be considered evidence that said death
was caused by said service, and that when the
proper rolls fail to show such death it shall be
presumed after satisfactory proof that the en-
listed man' has been absent two years without
having been seen or heard from ; the heirs in
each case to bo entitled to pension aniVbounty ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
envelope, paper, and stamp company.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unauimous consent,
introduced a bill to incorporate the National
Union Envelope, Paper, and Stamp Company,
of Washington, District of Columbia; which
was rota a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia. «
And then, on motion of Mr. SPALDING,
the House (at three o'clock and fifty minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
