1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3143
another, but each and every one alike. The
State of Oregon, far off from this capital as
she ii, has just as many rights in this Govern-
ment as any State in the Union. I most cheer-
fully concede to Pennsylvania the right to
shape legislation in reference to her iron, coal,
and general interests, and to New York her
commerce, immigration, &c., and to every other
State the same right to promote and protect
its own peculiar welfare. This, however, is to
be so accomplished as not to damage others
more than it benefits itself. -Now, Mr. Speaker,
I take it for granted also that the correctness of
the principles I have here laid down is admit-
ted—that there is no controversy upon them.
More than three years ago the Legislature
of the State of Oregon petitioned Congress to
establish a branch mint at the city of Portland,
in that State. The first session of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress passed an act for the location
and establishment of a branch mint of the
United States at Dalles City, in Oregon, one
hundred miles distant from Portland, and on
the east side of the Cascade range of mount-
ains, and appropriated $100,000 for the croc
tion and establishment of the same. Why the
prayer of the people of that country was disre-
garded I have never learned. The result was,
as might have been anticipated, the people
were disappointed and displeased. From dif-
ferent, or several considerations the Secretary
of the Treasury has not as yet ordered the ex-
ecution of the law in its establishment; so the
work has not been commenced. The Legisla-
ture of Oregon, at its last session, again prayed
Congress to relocate the mint, to place it at
Portland, the great commercial emporium for
the valley of the Columbia, the second largest
river m North America. Portland bears pre-
cisely the same relation to the valley of the
Columbia that New Orleans does to the valley
of the Mississippi. A bill was accordingly in-
troduced ut the last session of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress for its removal to Portland, but it
was permitted to sleep itself to death in the
committee, and the people were again disap-
pointed and mortified.
At the commencemcntof thepresent session
of Congress f received a certified copy of a joint
memorial of the Legislature of the State of
Oregon, once more praying this honorable body
to render that important facility to our exten-
sive and growing commerce. I accordingly,
at an early day in the present session, intro-
duced a bill for the purpose, which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and this
short bill, of one section, has lain in the hands
of that committee some four or five months,
and now, after all the pleading and urging that
a modest man like myself felt justified in em-
ploying, the committee comes forth with a bill
proposing to give us—what; the mint at Port-
land, as'we have prayed for it for years? No ;
but an assay office, and repealing the mint bill
altogether.
Now. Mr. Speaker, I have no disposition to
speak a word in disparagement of the com-
mittee that has reported this bill. Individually,
I have a high personal regard for them. I
appreciate their talents and kindness of heart,
and they have my sympathies in the perplexi-
ties they have had to endure in performing the
Herculean labors of the Committee of Ways
and Means ; but they have committed an egre-
gious error in proposing to take the mint, that
meager bit of tardy justice, from the people of
the growing, promising, and important young
State of Oregon. Why should their hopes be
thus tantalized and trifled with? Are their
rights less saered than those of other portions
of the Union? What-crime have the people
of loyal Oregon committed that they should be I
thus snubbed by a loyal Congress ? * But it may j
be said that an assay office is as good as a mint, i
I answer, that may be so, but we do not see it I
in that light; and even if it was far better, that j
is not what we ask for. We ask for a mint,
and we claim to know our own wants infinitely {
better than those who were never within three j
thousand miles of the country. I repeat it
emphatically, that we, the people of the Colum- I
bia valley, know what we want. And when we
i ask for an assay oflice, then we will thank Con-
i gross to give us one; but when we ask for a
1 mint, we mean a mint. The Great Teacher
proposed this question: "if a son ask of his
father bread, will he, for bread, give him a
stone; or if he ask a fish, will he, for a fish,
give him a serpent?" We ask bread, but you
offer us a stone. If the people of any portion
of the United States ask for an assay office in
preference to a mint, I say, by all means give
it to them ; and no member here will vote more
cheerfully to comply with their wishes than I
will; but when an organized and self-sustaining
! State like Oregon asks for a mint, do not attempt
to force an assay olliee upon it.
It has been said by some that we have no need
ofa mint, that all we want is the 100.000 appro-
priated for erecting the necessary buildings to
expend at some particular place. I reject the
mean insinuation with disdain. What do'we
care for the pitiful sum of $100,000, when we
are, right from the city of Portland, flooding
this whole nation with gold at the rate of a
million and a half to two millions per month?
As far as the collection and dispensing of gold
is concerned, the city of Portland is now ful-
filling the same functions for the nation that
the heart performs for the body. The blood
finds its way through a thousand veins from
the surface to the heart, and then is thrown
out through the arteries to all the extremities,
refreshing and strengthening every part. So
the gold is pouring into Poitland through ten
thousand small streams from the various mining
camps, and then is thrown out through the dif-
ferent express lines to the extremities of the
nation, replenishing and sustaining all. What
do wo care for the contemptible sum appropri-
ated for building the mint? Nothing at, all. All
we want is the authority from the United States
to coin our own gold and silver into legal cur-
rency of the Government. We claim I hat it
is our moral right and legitimate business to
reduce our metals from their crude state to a
circulating medium at home. "Where is the
justice of taking this business of coinage out
of our hands and sending it to others, thou-
sands of miles distant, to create business for
them at our loss? Congress has just as much
moral right to say that the people of Oregon
shall not manufacture their wool, but put it up
in bales and send it to Lowell to be manufac-
tured, and thereby create business for the peo-
ple of Massachusetts, as to say that we shall
not coin our own gold and silver, but we may
run it into liars and send them to Philadelphia
to be coined theic, to cieate business for the
benefit ofa set of officials and laborers at that
point.
To show that an assay office will not answer
our purpose in that country, let us suppose that
a citizen buys up a drove of beef cattle on time,
from fifty or a hundred different persons, drives
to the mines and sells out to the miners for
"dust," (as miners are not expected to have
anything else to buy with:) he returns down
the Columbia to Portland with his fifiy pounds
of "dust," calls at the assay olliee and gets it
run into "bars and ingots,'' "marked and
stamped.'' Now. sir, how is he to pay off his
creditors with these slugs? Or suppose a citi-
zen buys up a drove of a hundred pack animals,
lades Ihetn with the produce of the country,
flour, bacon, fruit, lanl. batter, eggs, &c., pur-
chased from scores of different persons, drives
to the mines, peddles all out to the miners
of various camps, returns with his "dust"
to the assay oflice, gets his bars and ingots;
now, sir, how is he to pay oil' hi.-, hundred
creditors who are anxious!}' awaiting his re-
turn? And I now inform the members of this
House that this kind of commerce and traffic
is pouring in one continual stream from the
agricultural to the mining region^ : pack ani-
mals, road wagons, and steamboats throng the j
route fo-r hundreds of miles in this trade. j
Now, sir. how will an assay oflice meet the j
wants of such commerce? Yoir had about as !
well give us Lycurgus's iron monev. and then j
furnish ox carts to transport it in. But it may be I
said that we may deposit our "dust" at the of-
fice and take a certificate; but I ask how much
better will that answer as a circulating medium
than bars and mgots? Not a whit. The dust,
with all its waste and inconvenience, is incom-
parably better than either of them. It is said
we may sell our certificates, bars, or ingots—at
a discount and a loss; as a matter of course
brokers will not buy except for speculation.
If there is a spot in America that the laws
of nature and of commerec point out as the
proper place for the location and establish-
ment of a branch mint of the United States,
that place is Portland, in the State of Oregon.
We want no assay office ; we want, no stamped
and marked ingots; we want no certificates of
deposit as a circulating medium; we want our
gold and silver coined into lawful money. Give
us that or nothing. And 1 now, as the Repre-
sentative of the intelligent, industrious, enter-
prising, and loyal people of the State of Oregon,
respectfully reject the offer of an assay office,
andinthe name of justice and equality demand
the establishment of the branch mint at the
city of Portland, where the fourfold interests
of agriculture, manufactures, commerce, and
mining all call for it.
As an evidence of the amount of business
done at that place, I will inform the House
that there are nine gentlemen in that city who
pay over $18,000 of special income tax annu-
ally, and the Oregon Steam Navigation Com-
pany, whose headquarters are at" Portland,
have one warehouse on the river nine hundred
l'ect long by some thirty or forty feet wide.
Put, it is said the Superintendent of the Mint
at Philadelphia and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury recommend the establishment, of assay
offices for our benefit,. Now, sir, I inquire, in
the name of common sense and common pro-
priety, whether they are qualified to judge of
our wants and necessities, 'filings are very
different upon that coast, from this. When you
cross the summitof the iioeky monnfainsgrav-
itation turns; the rivers run the other way, the
climate i.s different., soil and productions dif-
ferent; water, timber, beasts, birds, and fishes,
all different: occupations, trade, and com-
merce, all different. Then how improper the
idea of calling upon heads of Departments
here to learn whether we, of a country three
thousand miles distant, need the establishment
of a new land office, the opening of a military
road, or the establishment ofa branch mint at
a given point. If gentlemen desire information
in reference to our necessities in that, country
let them apply to our Senators and Represent-
atives from that coast, who are hero for the
express purpose of affording such information.
If Congress sees proper to establish assay
offices for the Territories under her immediate
control, all right; I have nothing to say; but I
hope they iv ill not, so treat the State of Oregon.
We are not minors, but of age, and claim the
right to choose for ourselves; when we desire
the advice of Government officials we will bo
thankful to receive it; but in reference to our
wants upon the Pacific we feel that we are
much better qualified to judge of 8ur wants
and that we are equally as honest as they.
Neither do we think that branch mints ought
to bo established at every town and mining
camp in the country, but at great centers, where
the laws of nature and comuieice unmistakably
point them out. And such is the city of Poit-
land. in Oregon, nearly one thousand miles dis-
tant from any branch mint of the United States,
and it, the center of trade for aureat and grow-
ing commercial country. Portland is situated
at the head of ocean navigation, upon the sec-
ond largest river in North America: enjoying
by steam the commerce of the world, an inter-
nal or river navigation of thousands of miles,
at the junction of the Columbiaaml Willamette
valleys: the one embracing the most extensive
and rich mining region on the globe ; the other
combining more of the real elements of wealth,
health, and happiness than any country of which
1 ever heard or read. It might well be called
"Los Angelos," the land of angels. In the
amount and quality of its agricultural products
