1866.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
218B
will be $1,350 per mile, or $135,000 for tlie
first one hundred miles.
Now, it will be remarked, and this is an item
worth noticing and remembering, that the bill
provides in express terms that when twenty-
five miles -of tins road shall have been com-
pleted and put in running order, and not until
then, the Government shall guaranty the
amount of $20,000 per mile. Another fact,
and a very important one, connected with this
item, is that immediately on the completion of
the twenty-five miles for which stock is guar-
antied, the company shall pay into the Treas-
ury of the United States twenty-five per cent,
of the gross receipts. Now, I hope that mem-
bers will not confound this with gross earnings
or net earnings. One fourth of all the moneys
received by this corporation on the twenty-five
miles of road upon which the stock has been
guarantied to a limited amount must be paid
into the Treasury of tlie United States.
Now, I have taken some trouble to ascer-
tain what will be the probable earnings ; and
I adopt, as the basis of my estimates the earn-
ings of western roads—new roads in a new
country. I have now in my mind one road on
the west bank of the Mississippi eighty miles
long, with earnings of about six hundred thou-
sand dollars per year. Taking that as the.
basis of my calculation, I calculate that one
hundred miles of the Northern Pacific rail-
road would give $750,000 a year. By this cal-
culation, one fourth of the earnings during the
year would be $187,500. This amount the
Governmentof the United States would receive
each year for the guarantee of the slock of the
company upon the first hundred miles.
Now, gentlemen will remember that the bill
provides that tlie proceeds of all the lands on
the south side of this road are to bo paid into
the Treasury of the United States. This, at
$2 50 an acre, will give you §24,000 to be
added to the $187,500, which is one fourth of
the gross earnings of the road. And I ought to
have stated, in connection with tlie $187,500,
that it is $52,500 more than the amount guar-
antied by the Government.
Now, if these figures are correct, and the
calculations approximate anywhere near the
truth, at the end of the year we would have
$76,500 more money from the proceeds of the
sales of the land and the quarter of the gross
receipts of the road, than has been guarantied
by the Government. Now, gentleman may
answer that by saying that tlie land will not be
sold, or if sold will not sell for that amount of
money. Well. 1 will give them the benefit of
that objection, and admit, for the sake of argu-
ment, that not an acre of land shall be sold,
and that the earnings of the road shall only be
such as other roads have earned in new coun-
tries. And then you will still have $52,500 at
the end of the year on this calculation, more
than has been guarantied by the Government.
Now, I am at a loss to know how this argu-
ment is to be met. It may do to say in broad
terms that $00,000,000 or $50,000,000 are to be
taken out of the Treasury of the United States
fertile benefit of a great corporation. It is one
thing to make a declaration ; it is another and
a very different thing to back up that deelara;
tion by the facts and the figures. But I appeal
to the living facts for the basis of my calcula-
tions, and for the conclusions at which I have
arrived in this argument. If this road will
earn what other roads in the new countries have
earned heretofore, then at the end of the con-
struction of the first hundred miles of thisroad
the Government will have received $52,500
more than they have guarantied to tho com-
pany.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price] a ques-
tion. I desire to inquire whether this twenty-
five per cent, of the gross earnings of the road
is to be paid at any time previous to the com-
pletion of the entire road. I understand the
language of the act requires the entire comple-
tion of the road before any of the proceeds are
to be returned to the Government.
Mr. PRICE. The question of the gentle-
man shows me what I have always believed,
that when bills are read from the Clerk's desk,
not one man in ten in this House knows what
is in the bills.
Now, I will reiterate a fact I have already
stated, that there is an amendment, not printed,
but written, in the bill, by which the commit-
tee have attempted to guard the matter partic-
ularly. The amendment provides that when
the first twenty-five miles of the road are made,
twenty-five dollars of every $100 they earn, or,
if you please, twenty-five cents on every dollar
they earn, goes right into the Government Treas-
ury; not of the net earnings, but of the gross
receipts; not even of the gross earnings, but
of their gross receipts. If the company reccive
money in any way, fair or unfair, the Govern-
ment is to have one quarter of it.
One reason why tho committee are in favor
of this bill, is that they believe tlicy can by this
means aid the company to open and foster the
vast regions of the Northwest, which for ages
past have been, and probably to come will be,
unsettled, undeveloped, unimproved, and un-
tenanted without this aid ; and at the same time
that they give this aid, the Government will not
be paying out a dollar.
Then, I ask, what becomes of the declaration,
which appears in the Globe of to-day, nnd which
has gone to the world, that the committee recom-
mend a proposition taking from fifty to sixty
million dollars out of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States? I take occasion hero and now to
repudiate that declaration, and to say that from
first to last that was not. the intent, of the com-
mittee in any respect whatever, nor can any
authority be found in this bill for the declara-
tion.
Mr. LYNCH. I would ask the gentleman
if he includes in the gross receipts the sales of
lands by the company.
Mr. PRICE. The Government, is to get
fifty per cent, of the sales of the lands, and
twenty-five per cent, of tlie leceipts of the
road.
Mr. LYNCII. I understand that fifty per
cent, to be of the proceeds of the sales of
the lands on the southern side of the road.
But if lands arc sold on the northern side of
tho road, is the Government to be entitled to
twenty-five per cent, of the receipts from that
source ?
Mr. PRICE. I do not understand that any
portion of tho proceeds of the land north of
the road is to be given to the Government.
Mr. LYNCH. Would not the term " gross
receipts" include all the receipts of the road
from sales of lands and otherwise?
Mr. PRICE. It might be so construed ;
but that was not the intention of the com-
mittee. When they had provided for the value
of half the lands they thought they had done
tolerably well for the Government, especially
when in addition to that they include twenty-
five per cent, of the gross receipts of the road.
I think I have sufficiently answered the
financial argument of this subject to prove
that there is no money to be drawn from the
Treasury of the United States; that this is a
safe arrangement in that respect.
Mr. Speaker, the object of land grants to
railroads in this country has been to develop
its resources. Tho construction of railroads
induces settlement and causes tho wilderness to
blossom as the rose. It is necessary that this
country should be developed in its agricultural
resources. !n addition to developing those
resources we propose also by this road t.o reach
for all time to come the vast mineral resources
of the mighty regions now almost deserts and
almost inaccessible. I think it is demonstrable,
then, that the Government will not only be
compensated by the one fourth of the gross re-
ceipts and proceeds of one half the lands, but.
I am of the opinion that the additional benefits
to be derived from this road will be immense,
and extend not only to this but to future gene-
rations. They will be more than tenfold the
amount guarantied by the Government to the
company. Any gentleman at all acquainted
with the mineral resources of Montana and
Idaho, and the difficulty of reaching those
places, must see that when we have annihilated
the space between here and there by the eon.
struction of railroads the dollars which come
from there now will be swelled to hundreds
and thousands, if not millions.
This country is to be developed. It. is the
mission of the men of this day to develop the
heritage intrusted to us. In no other way
can the regions teeming with untold wealth, be
developed.
Now, let us look at the road in a military
point of view. I shall not indulge in any con-
jectures. I find that Major General Rufusln-
galls, assistant quartermaster general, uses the
following language:
"In my opinion, from an experience of many
years in the quartermaster's department in the West
and Northwest, it is of the utmost importance to the
nation that this road should be constructed at the
earliest moment possible, and a through line of com-
munication opened from the great l.ikes to the Pa-
cific occan, by the headwaters of tho Mississippi and
Missouri."
That is not all. Let me now read from
Quartermaster General Meigs's reportfor 1865.
He says:
"I am convinced that there is no difficulty to bo
apprehended fiom tho rigor of the climatc, or tho
depth of snow, in theworkingoftheNorthernPacific
railroad, which has not been met successfully and
ovei come in the construction and regular daily work-
ins of railroads in the States of Maine, Now Hamp-
shire, Vermont, Michigan, and Minnesota, and in
Upper Canada, along the line of the Grand Trunk.
"Of the advantages to lesult to the country from
the speedy opening of railroad communication along
the contemplated line.it is hardly necessary for me
to speak. I can add little to the argument so well
set forth by the Senators and Representatives of tho
Northwest in their appeal to Congress of the 9th of
this month.
"Hei etofore the Wai Department has not had any
considerable interest to protect m the northern cen-
tral region, for whose development and protection
tins road is now so urgently needed."
lie says in another place :
" The enterprise is one worthy of the nation. As a
military measure, contributing to national security
and defense alone, it is worthy of the cost of effectual
assistance from the Government.
"The Central railroad to .San Francisco will secure
that admirable haibor and its trade, and the rich
State, of California, against all serious danger from a
foreign foe.
"ISut our communication with the harbors of tho
northwest coast, l'ugct sound, the mouth of the Co-
lumbia, and with the growing population of Oregon
and "Washington, by sea from San Francisco, will be
liable to interruption by a hostile fleet. With tho
Northern Pacific railroad in operation, troops and
materials of war could be rapidly sent from the Hast
to succor and defend our rising empire in tho North-
west."
I will now call the attention of the House,
and particularly of my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Wasiibuune,] to the letter of Lieutenant
General Grant indorsing those statements. I
ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Headquarters Armies of tiie United States,
April 20,18G6.
The construction of a railroad by the proposed
route would he of very great advantage to the Gov-
ernment pecuniaiily, by saving in the cost of trans-
portation to supply troops whose presence in the
country through which it is proposed to pass is made
nceesjary by the great amount of emigration to tho
gold-bea'iing regions of the Itocky mountains. In
mv opinion, too, the United States would receive an
additional pecuniary benefit in the construction of
this road by the settlement it would induce along
the line of the road, and consequently the less num-
ber ot troons necessary to secure order and safety.
How far these benefits should be compensated by the
General Government beyond the grant of land al-
ready awarded by Congress, I would not pretend to
say. I would merely give it as inv opinion that the
enterprise of constructing tlie Northern Pacific rail-
road is one well worth fostering by tlie General Gov-
ernment, and that such aid coulil well be afforded as
would insure the early prosecution ot the work.
IT. S. GRANT,
Lieutenant General.
Mr. PRICE. Now, Mr. Speaker. 1 under-
take to say, from that declaration of principles
set forth in that letter, that if the Lieutenant
General were here he would vote for this bill,
for he says that the prosecution of the construc-
tion of this Northern Pacific railroad is well
worth the fostering care of the General Gov-
ernment.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I would ask the gen-
tleman whether the Lieutenant. General is not
one of the corporators. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. I will say to my amiable friend
