THE CONGEESSIOKAL GLOBE.
July M,
the committee on reconstruction 'but am op-
posed to referring these credentials to the Com-
mittee of Elections, far the reason that we have
for eight months been discussing this subject,
and 
Mr. MYERS. I object to my colleague mak-
ing an argument under the guise of a point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevexs] is susceptible of divis-
ion. It embraces two distinct propositions.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to mate an
inquiry.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I insist on the pre-
vious question.
Mr. RADFORD. I withdraw the motion to
lay on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
discharging the committee on l-eeonslruction.
Mr. BANKS. If the first branch of the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
defeated we cannot vote on the second. There-
fore I think the question ought to be taken as
a whole.
The SPEAKER. The rule declares that a
motion may be divided if it embraces two dis-
tinct and substantive propositions. That is the
case here. The two propositions could have
been presented as separate motions.
The question being taken on the motion to
discharge the committee on reconstruction
from the further consideration of the creden-
tials, it. was decided in the affirmative.
The question recurred on referring the cre-
dentials to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. LE BLOND and Mr. FJNCK called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FINCK. I ask for the reading of the
credentials of one of the gentlemen from Ten-
nessee.
The Clerk read the credentials of Mr. Na-
thaniel Gr. Taylor.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
inquire whether the President of the United
States has returned to this House, in which it
originated, the joint resolution for the restora-
tion of the State of Tennessee with his ap-
proval.
The SPEAKE R. The President of the Uni-
ted States when ho approves a bill or joint, reso-
lution, sends it to the Department of Stateand
not to either House of Congress. The message
of the President states that he has signed the
joint resolution.
The yeas and nays having been ordered on
refening to the Committee of Elections the
credentials of the gentlemen claiming seats as
Representatives from the State of Tennes-
see,
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays -'8, not voting
; as follows :
.turn'sIt. ilubbcll, llulburd, Xnprersoll, Kasson, Kel-
Ji;> Ketcham, Koontz, liuykendall, Latham, George
\ . .ju.wrencc,\V llliam Lawrcnco, Loan, Lynch, Mars-
to.j, McRuer, Mcrcur, Millor, Moorhead, Morrill,
.J >rris,Myers.Lowell, O'Neill,Orth, Paine, Perham,
Pike, Price, llaymond, Alexander H. Rice,
John U. Puce, Rollins, Sawyer, Sclienck, Shellabar-
biuildms, Stevens, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge,
\ an Aernam, Burt Van Horn. Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Woiker, Wentworth, Whalcy, James F. Wil-
son, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
})j idiro—DO.
^ NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, J>oyer„EUlridse,
Flnek.Glossbrcnncr, Aaron Harding, Tiogan, Jenckes,
Johnson,Kerr, Le Blond. Marshall, Niblack, Nichol-
F' n, Phelps, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ritfcer,
Hops. Shanklin, Sifgreave?;. Strous o, Taber, Thorn-
ton. Trimble, Wirifiold, and Wright—28.
NOT VOTTNG—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Bearaan, Blaine,
Blow, Brnndegee, Bandy, Chanler, Cook, Culver,
l)arlni£. Davis, Dawson, Delano, Deminjr, Denison,
Dodgo, Dumonf, EggJeston, Goodyear, Gridcr, Grin-
nell. GriswoIU, Hale, Harris, Henderson, Hill, Asahcl
W.Hubbard. JJemas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubboll,
Humphrey, Jones, Julian, ICelso, Laflin, Longyear,
Marym, McClurg, McCulloch, Mcindoe, McKee,
JUoulton, NopU, Patterson, Pomeroy, William H.
Randall, Rogers, Scofield,-Sloan, Smith, Starr. Stil-
well, Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Upson, War-
ner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, and Williams—63.
So the credentials were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to , reconsider
the votes just taken j and also moved that the
motion to reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. KASSON. I submit the following priv-
ileged report.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference oil the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment to the bill
(H. il. 387) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for iuliilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, 1867, having mot,
after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their rc&pcetive Houses
as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from their
disagreement to the amendments ot the Senate num-
beied 9, 10, 11,12, IS, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 2.H, 29, 30, 31,
32,3.3, 88, 3D, 40,43, 42, 4:1, 41, 45, 40, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 53,
51,55, 50, 57, 58,50, 00, 61, 02, 63,04, 05, 66, 07, OS, 69, 70,
71.72, 73, 74, 75,1(5, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 81, 85, 86, 87,
88, 8'J, <J0, 92, 1)3, 91, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99,100,101,102,103,
10(, 105, 100, 107,108, 109, 110, 111, 112, and 113, and
Agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their seventeenth, one
hundred and fourteenth, and one hundred ana *fif- ■
tccnth amendments.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Hoaseto the sixth amendment
of the Senate, and agree to the same. v
That Lhe Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the one hundred and
seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
samo.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with amendments as follows: in line one,
after trie word "for," insert the following words:
"gratuities for;,4and in linefourof said amendment,
before the word "thousand."'strike out the word
"live" and insert in lieu the word "three;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifteenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in line
eighteen, page 16, of the engrossed bill, strike out the
words44 last of ten" andinsert in lieu thereof the words
"ninth of ten;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixteenth amendment of the Senate, and ag?ce
to thobame with an amendment as follows: in line
three of said amendment, after the word "in," insert
the words "money or;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the nineteenth amendment, of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: in line
four, page 17, of the engrossed bill, strike out the
words "last often," and insert in lieu "ninth often;"
and the Senate agroo to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twentieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in line
seventeon, page 17, of the engrossed bill, strike out
tho following: 'last of five," and insert in lieu the
words 'fourth of live;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in line
thirteen, page 18, of tho engrossed bill, strike out the
words "last ot ten," and insert in lieu the words
' ninth of ten ;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the one hundred and eighteenth amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the samo with an amendment
as follows: add to the end of snid amendment the
following proviso: "Provided, That no part of the
money hereby appropriated shall be paid until a full
examination shall be made by the Secretary of the
Interior and the First Comptroller of the Treasury;
and tliey shall ascertain that the money is justly and
equitably due under contracts made and executed in
entire good faith and for nooessary supplies actually
delivered to the Indians as aforesaid, at reasonable
prices, and for this purpose the Comptroller is hereby
authorized to take testimony and state the amount
due said contractors upon principles of equitv; and
no money shall bopaid or allowed on account of sup-
plies furnished after the passage ot this act."
That the House reccdc from their disagreement to
the ninety-first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in line
one of said amendment strike out the words " Chey-
ennes, Arapahoes an;" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho one hundred and nineteenth amendment of the
benate, and agree to the same with amendments as
follows: m line four of said amendment after tho
7r0-? bond," insert the following words: "to the
United States." And m line seven, after the word
trade, insert the following words: " or by the Uni-
ted States district judge or district attorney for the
district m whieh the obligor resides."
That the House recede irom their disagreement to
the eighth amendment of the Senate, and asrreeto
the same with an amendment, as follows: strike out
all of .said amendment and insert in lieu thereof the
following: "forthis amount or so much thereof as
may become due to the Choctaws and Chiekasaws
under the third and forty-sixth articles of the treaty
of April 28, 1866, for interest at the rate of five per
cent, upon the amount paid for certain lands ceded
by them to the United States, $15,000;" and the Sen-
ate agree to the same.
JOHN SHERMAN,
•J. W. NESMITH,
J. R. DOOLITTLE,
MaMigem on the -part of the Senate.
JOHN A. KASSON,
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. KASSON. If no member wishes to ask
a question, I submit the report without debate,
and call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered j and under the op,era-«
tion thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON CENTER MARKET.
Mr. INCEItSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to incorporate the Center
Market Company in the city of Washington,
District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
JANES, FO"\VLlSIt, KIRTLAND, AND COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. INGERSOLL, by unani-
mous consent, Senate bill No. 429, for the
relief of Janes, Fowler, Kictland & Co., was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
.second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
NATIONAL FARM SCHOOL.
Mr. KASSON. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to incorporate a National
Farm School.
Mr. SOFTENCTC. I object to anything but
the regular order of business.
CAPTORS OF BOOTH, ETC.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, from the Committee of
Claims submitted a report relating to the re-
wards for the arrest of the assassins of Presi-
dent Lincoln and the capture of Jefferson
Davis; which was ordered to be printed and
its further consideration postponed until to-
morrow after the'reading of the Journal.
THE BANK BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be House bill No. 771, to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide a. national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and
redemption thereof," and for other purposes,
on which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] w, s entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The ob-
ject of the first amendment proposed by this
bill to the eighteenth section of the bank law
is to give additional power to the Comptroller
of the Currency to examine the character of
any application to organize a bank, to satisfy
himself that it is for the purpose of establish-
ing a legitimate bank, and to give him the power
after tho bank is organized to wind it up if lie
has reason to believe it to be fraudulently or
illegally conducted. The existing law makes
it the duty of the Comptroller to give the re-
quired certificate to any association if the pre-
scribed formula of the law has been observed.
The bank may violate every provision of the
law, in defiance of any power possessed by tho
Comptroller, until some of its notes have been
protested ; that being the only circumstance
under which the Comptroller can interfere with
the conduct of the bank.
The next amendment is in the twenty-ninth
section of the law, limiting the liability of any
person, firm, company, or corporation to one
tenth of the capital of the bank. The existing
law has no provision to prevent loans beyond
that proportion of the capital. Many small
banks organized in different parts of tho coun-
try are owned and managed for the benefit of
