3144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
to the acre, 1 believe it stands unrivaled and
alone; in the health and rapid increase of its
useful animals I know of no country that equals
it. Its manufacturing resources are unbounded;
its abundant and immense water power, its ex-
tensive and inexhaustible forests of timber, its
extensive beds of iron all ready for use.
The city of Portland already contains some
ten thousand inhabitants, with a rapid increase;
and I repeat the statement that it bears the same
relation to the valley of the Columbia that New
Orleans does to the valley of the Mississippi.
Between this point and 'San Francisco a tri-
montbly line of steamers regularly ply; here,
too, ends the great overland daily stage line
from Omaha City, by way of Sacramento, to
the Columbia river. Here also ends the rail-
road survey from Lincoln, in California, which
is but. an extension of the great Union and Cen-
tral Pacific railroad. Through this city passes
the telegraph wire which is to bring this capital
within speaking distance of the capital of Rus-
sia, over which now flashes the history of our
daily labors in this Hall to the reading-room in
the Lincoln House in Portland with as much
regularity as we meet and adjourn. Here, too,
is to end t he soulhei n branch of the great North-
ern Pacific railroad, over which in a few years
Europeans will be passing with their valuable
merchandise to and from India and China.
This city is the natural depot of supplies for
all the mines west of the crest of the Pocky
mountains. From this point they draw their
clothing, provisions, and tools, and here their
quart'/, mills are manufactured; aiul yoij might,
as well undertake to change the channel of the
Columbia river as t.o turn the trade and com-
merce of its valley from that point. These
facts prove that, the vast commercial interests
of that country will soon compel the establish-
ment of a branch mint at, Portland, in Oregon.
The SI'Id A KEU. The morning hour has ex-
pired. and (he hill goes over till the morning
hour of to-morrow.
mhssaoe fjion Tin: senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Founey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing votes
ol the two Houses in reference to joint resolu-
tion of the House No. 1 :!•!, relative to appoint-
ments to the Military Academy of the United
States.
Also, that flic Senate had concurred in the
amendments of the House to Senate joint reso-
lution No. •r)I, respecting bounties to colored
soldiers, and the pensions, bounties, aud allow-
ances to their heirs.
reconttiuotion.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move now I hat the House
proceed to flue business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Speaker
announced as the lirp.1 business on the table the.
consideration of joint resolution of the House
No. 127, proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of tlic United States, returned from
tin* Senate with amendments.
Mr. SfEVENS. Mr. Speaker, that portion
of (Ik- joint committee which is composed of
ibo Union members of this House have exam-
ined the amendments which have been made
by the Senate, and are unanimously of opinion
that they ought to be adopted by the House.
1 do not desire myself to discuss this question,
the amendments are so slight, and unless there
are gentlemen on the other side of the House
who desire to discuss the question, we would
be willing to take a vote upon it at once. If,
however, there are any gentlemen on that, side
of the House who wish to be heard. F would sug-
gest that, by unanimous consent, the. speeches
be limited to fifteen minutes each, and that the
time shall not be extended upon any motion
which may be made. I am willing to say twenty
minul es, if that is preferred.
Several M umbers. Oh, no; fifteen minutes.
Mr. SGOFIBLD. How many speeches is it
proposed to allow?
Mr. STEVENS. I will say, furthermore,
that it i,s my intention to call the previous ques-
tion at three o'clock, or at furthest at half past
three, so as to have the vote taken by four
o'clock. I then propose that the speeches
shall be fifteen minutes in length.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Is the gen-
tleman willing to allow to this side of the
House an hour, to be divided according as we
may agree?
Mr. STEVENS. I think there will be no
objection to allowing that side of the House
to* occupy one hour, and they may distribute it
among themselves as they may agree. If not,
I propo.se that, fifteen minutes be the length of
the speeches, and I hope that will be unani-
mously agreed to.
Mr. F1NCK. I hope it will be the under-
standing that if we are to have but one hour
we may divide it as we see fit, so as not to limit
the speeches to fifteen minutes, unless we have
more than three speeches.
The SPEA KEU. The gentlemen on both
sides of the House had better agree upon the
division of the time.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentlemen do not
agree upon it then let each one be confined to
fifteen minutes.
The SPEA KER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to the proposition.
Mr. KLDRJDGE. I suppose that it is not
required of us on this side, inasmuch as we are
impotent to object, that we shall consent to
the gentlemen on the other side of the House
dividing the Union just exactly as they see fit.
[Laughter.] •
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object?
Mr. ELDR1DGE. No, sir. I did not in-
tend to do so.
Mr. lilDW'ELL. Mr. Speaker, there are
some bills on the Speaker's table that ought
to he referred so that the committees may be
able to act, upon thorn. There is one that 1
desire to have referred, and I hope there will
be no objection.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
On motion of Mr. BID WELL, by unani-
mous'consent, Senate bill No. S13, to grant
land titles in California, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
and. referred to tlu; Committee on Public Lands.
SMUOflLIXQ.
On motion of Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous
consent,, Senate bill No. 223, further to pre-
vent smuggling, and for other purposes, was
taken from the Speaker's table, lead a first
anil second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
paul s. forbes.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts,
by unanimous consent, joint resolution (S. No.
!!'.!) for the n-liuf of Paul S. Forbes under his
contract with the Navy Department for build-
ing and furnishing the steam sloop-of-war
Idaho, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
CHARLES W. Jt'cORI) AND GEORGE "VV. BUSTOR.
Mr. HOG AN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution for the relief of Charles
W.McOord ami George W. Bestor ; which was
lead a first and second time and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
SlUbiRAllE FKOJI THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Cooi'er, his Private Secretary,
communieafpd to the House sundry messages
in writing.
The message further informed the House that,
the President had approved- and signed bills of
the following titles:
_ An act (H. R. No. 265) making appropria-
tions for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifieationsand other works
of defense, for the year ending June 30,1807 ;
An act (H. K. No. 281) to amend the postal
laws ; and
An act (EE. R. No. 15) authorizing docu-
mentary evidence of title to be furnished to the
owners of certain lands in the city of St. Louis.
RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
Mr. ROGERS here addressed the House.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. Speaker, as i am
the only Representative that the young, grow-
ing, and interesting State of Oregon lias on
this floor, I feel it my duty to ask the indul-
gence of the House while 1 submit the views I
entertain oji the great subject now under con-
sideration. After the most careful investiga-
tion I have been able to give the matter, aud
all I have heard on it, I am constrained to be-
lieve that the whole difficulty in the way of
disposing of the case grows out of the want of
a correct knowledge of the relation the States
lately in rebeliion now sustain to the General
Government. Are they in the Union or out
of it? If in, in what sense? When a physi-
cian is called to minister to the welfare of a
patient, in order that he may act beneficially
ho must understand the nature of the disease
and what has caused it. So Congress can never
act wisely and successfully in the work of re-
construction until we understand the exact
status of the States lately in rebellion against
the General Government and what caused the
present condition of things.
In order that we may have a correct idea of
the existing condition of those States, let us
inquire what constitutes a State; let us analyze
the composition of a State. There are four
entities tliat enter into the organism of every
State. Take away any one of them, and the
State ceases to exist as such. First, there must
be territory; second, there must be inhabitants;
third, there must be a constitution and laws;
fourth, there must be the necessary officers to
carry these laws into execution. These are all
essential to the existence of a State, and if you.
remove one the State ceases. Is not this true?
In the -next place, lot us inquire how a State
becomes a member of the Union: first, it
must present a constitution and laws in har-
mony with the Constitution and laws of the
United States; second, the inhabitants of such
Territory must express their desire for such
Union through the proper channel: third, the
consent of Congress must be given in a formal
act. Is not this also true?
In the next pla.ee, let us inquire what are the
consequences of such a union. First, the new
States assume certain obligations and the Gen-
eral Government is relieved of certain duties
and responsibilities; the new State acquires
certain rights and privileges, and the General
Government yields certain rights and preroga-
tives—the general result is, that, the Federal
Government has parted with just as much
authority as the new State has gained by the
union, The new State now stands upon an
'' equal footing'' with the original States. But
let it not be supposed that the General Govern-
ment surrendered all her rights and preroga-
tives in such new State; far from it. It still
retains the power to lay duties and collect
tgxes ; to regulate commerce among the States;
to regulate the curiency; to establish post
offices and post roads, &c.; Congress still re-
tains these and other enumerated powers in all
the States.
Let us next inquire what are the results of a
rebellion against the General Government by
one or more of the States of the Union : first,
the States rebelling and throwing off' the Con-
stitution and laws of the United Stats-s, and
making w:ir against them, forfeit all the rights
and privileges they acquired by coming into
the Union ; second, all these forfeited rights
and privileges naturally and necessarily revert
back to the source from which they came—the
General Government. These conclusions are
so natural and philosophical that I think no
man will dispute them. Those rebel States
staked all the rights that they held by the con-
sent of the General Government at the com-
mencement of the rebellion for the chance of
what they could obtain by force; aud being
conquered, they justly and rightfully lost all.
Now, sir, at the time of the surrender of
Lee's army, in. what condition do we find them?
