160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 10. 5866.
Prayer by the Chaplain. Rev. E. II. Okay.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of December 21.1805,
copies of the records and proceedings, with
the review of the same by the Judge Advocate j
Genera!, of the military commissions by which j
were tried and convicted E. W. Andrews, of!
South Carolina ; J. M. Brown, and C. C. Iteose, I
of Georgia; J. L. McMillan anelNeill McGiil, !
of North Carolina; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a petition of ;
citizens of Missouri, who were soldiers in the
recent war, praying that those who entered j
the military service in the early part of the war j
may be placed on the same footing in regard i
to bounty as those who entered at a later j
period; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mi-. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Anne E. Huntington, widow of Hiram Hun-
tington, late a member of company A, four-
teenth regiment Rhode Island heavy artillery,
(colored.) prating for a pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWARD presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of 1 lie eify of Cleveland, Ohio,
pi living for an appropriation for the purpose ot
constructing a breakwater at Maiquette harbor
in Lake Superior; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
111'. LANE, of Indiana, presented a petition
of citizens of Indiana, praying for the cquali- j
zation of the pay and bounty of the soldiers in
the service of the United States daring the re-
bellion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the petition of Kennedy
O'Brien, praying for an increase of his pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of James
G. Column and several hundred other colored
citizens of Savannah, Georgia, praying for a
change in the laws so as to secure the right of
suffrage to all persons without distinction of
color, for the granting of homesteads to the
freedmen, and for the erasure of the word
"white'' from the naturalization law of March
20, 17',)0; which was referred to the joint com-
mittee to inquiie into the condition of the so-
called confedeiate States.
Mr. TRUMB U LL. I have received a memo-
rial of the American Free Trade League, ad-
dressed to the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, in which they set forth at some length that
a pioiective tariff, or a tariff for the purposes of
protection.is unjust and oppressive to the masses
of tlie people, and opposed to the great piinei-
ples of civil liberty; and they ash that in the
future legislation of Congress, in providing for
raising a revenue by the imposition of duties,
the principle of protection be abandoned. I
move ir=reference to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
reports i'jkom committees.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committeeon Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of John Nabb
and Sarah Nabb. of the city of Burlington, Ver-
mont. praying for compensation for property
belonging to them in Charleston. South Caro-
lina, which was wasted and destroyed during
the bombardment and occupation of'that city by
the (. nited States forces, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
GENUAL CJIANTS REPORT.
Mr. A A liiONY. The Committee on Print-
ing. to whom was referred a resolution for the
printing of ten thousand extra copies of the
report of Lieutenant General Grant, have in-
structed me to report it back to the Senate with j
an amendment, and to ask for its present con-
sideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
lUvolveil, That ten thousand extra copies of the
rc-poi t of Lieutenant Ueueral lirant be primed for the
u-e oi tlie Senate.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Printing was to strike out ' • ten'' and insert
"six.''
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask which report that
is?
Mr. ANTHONY. The report of the Lieu-
tenant General—the military report.
Mr. SUMNER. Not the report on the con-
dition of the southern States?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir.
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
assistant assessors.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance. to whom was refeired the bill (H. it.
No. oH) authorizing the Secicfary of the Treas-
ury to appoint assistant assessois of internal
revenue, have had the same under eonsidcia-
tion, and have directed me to report it back
without amendment, and with a recommenda-
tion that it pass; and as I propose to ask that
it be' passed at once, I will simply state that
the act passed at the last session of Congress
conferred the appointment of assistant assess-
ors of internal revenue upon the assessor in
each district. By the Constitution, all officers
are to be appointed by the President with the
assent of the Senate : but there is a provision
that Congress may confer the appointment of
such inferior officers as tin,y be provided for by
law upon the President alone, or upon the heads
of Departments, on I believe I on the Judges of
the Supieine Court. ComeijuontL . this power
thus granted was one that could not be exer-
cised 1>y the assessors, and the President has
been obliged to make the appointments. This
bill is a very short one, and confers the power
upon the Secretary of the Treasury to make
these appointments, which is undoubtedly the
best mode of providing for them. I ask, if
theie be no objection, that it be acted upon at
the piesent time. It isa matter that should be
acted upon immedia.eh'.
By unanimous content, the Senate, as in
Committeeof the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to appoint an\' assistant assessors of
internal rcoenue now provided for by law.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask the Senator, lias
he not that power now?
Mr. LESSEN DEX". No. sir: I have already
stated tliat, by tiie act of the last session, the
power—[Mr. Jonxsox. I did not hear you;
1 beg your pardon]—was conferred upon the
assessor of each district to appoint assistant
assessors.
Mr. JOHNSON. This bill gives it to the
Secretary?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes. sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make one remark on
this bill. In voting for its passage. 1 do it cer-
tainly only with the understanding that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall recognize the
existing lav;- of Congress, and shall require of
all persons appointed under this act the test
oath, and shall not undertake of his own mere
authority to relieve certain persons from taking
that oath. We all know that the Secretary of
UieTreasuiyhasundertakentodoth.it. 1 ob-
ject to the exercise of any such power on the
part of that functionary, audi shall insLt that
any appointments that are made by virtue ot
this act shall be made also with reference to all
the existing laws of Congress, and that who-
ever enters upon duties nndei this act shall
take the oaths required by Coiigre-s.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FL'SSKNI)Lx. I learn that the Senator
from Now jfamp>-hiio [Mr. feAait] wisln-s to
propose an amendment to the bill, and f sug-
gest, therefore, that it lie on ihe table for the
present. 1 do not understand that any specific
motion has been made for the amendment of
ihe bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I made none.
The PR ES] DENT pm fern pure. If there be
no objection the bill will be laid on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be laid asidein-
formallv, and 1 will call it up aceiin.
The PRESIDENT 2>ro tempore. That course
will bo pursued.
industrial exposition at paris.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 will inquire of the Senator
from New Hampshire whether he has looked
into the report from the Department of State
with reference to the Industrial Exposition at
Paris so that the resolution can be proceeded
with.
Mr. CLARK. I have. I have no objection
to tliat being taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that the Sen-
ate take up the joint resolution that 1 reported
from the Committee on Foreign Relation^ yes-
terday.
The motion was agreed to : and the Senate,
as in Committee of the TYhoie. proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (II. If. No. 2«,in
relation to the Industrial Exposition at Paris.
France.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
resolution.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 should like^to have the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, if convenient to him, state w hat were the
proceedings of the Sccictarj of State in rela-
tion to this exposition, which the resolution
approves.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senatorwill remember
that J asked him a moment ago if he had had
time to look at tlie report from the Department
of State which has been laid upon our tables.
In that report he will find those pioeei doers
set forth at length, being a somewhat elaborate
correspondence on the part of the French min-
ister at Washington and fhe Secretary of State
here, and the minister of the United State-' in
Paris, and Mr. Beckwith, a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, now in Paris, who lias been ap-
pointed commissioner for the purposes of the
exposition. In approving what the Secretary
of State has done. 1 understand that we con-
fine our approbation to what appears in this
correspondence, the effect of which is simply
this: in the first place there was a proposition
in the nature of an in vital ion from the French
minister at Washington, in which he set forth
that this exhibition was to take place, begin-
ning on the 1st of May. 18i>7, and inviting the
United States to participate therein. There
the correspondence began. The Secretary of
State expressed his sv mpathy with the object
propiosed, and communicated that to our min-
i ister in Paris. Onr minister was already in
j relations with the French Government on the
j subject, and so far as he felt authorized with-
! out special instructions from home, lie also had
! expressed lib-. i-ympathy with the object pio-
j posed. By a letter to the Department he then
| recommended the appointment of Mr. Be ck-
i with, a citizen of the United States ir, PniL. as
i a commissioner to superintend the interests of
J the United States there. That recoinmc ndation
I was actcd upon by the Secretary of Stale. and
\ Mr. Beckwith. acting as eonnni"-ioii"r, has
i proceeded to make certain arr.uigen.euts with
1 the Frcneh Government ibr the reception of
, articles that shall lie comributed to the exhibi-
tion by citizens of ihe Unin el Suites.
1 That, in brief, is the actual condition of the
case: and I muLr-tand that Coneri by pa-s-
ing this resolution, simply approve s of w hat the
L'epartniem of State has already done: lirst,
in expre-dng its sympathy with the ""mnal ob-
jects proposed: and secondly, in the appoint-
ment of Me. Beckwith as an unpaid eonmiis-
sioner to superintend the n:te"e-> - of the t hated
Stales at thai exhibition. The
ion furl her
proposes that a paid agent shall la1 ,'ppointed
at New York, with clerics pa;d aecordiiur to the
ti nus of the resolution, whose duly if shall be
to expedite articles from New York, and geu-
