1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
individuals and firms in the city of New York
and other places, who use n-eariy all the assets
of the bank. The Comptroller may know this,
as was the case with the bank at Venango, with
Culver, Perm & Co., ami the Merchants' Bank
at Washington, with Bayne & Co., but he can-
not interfore-until the notes of such a bank are
protested. ' It is easy for any one to organize
a bstpk by furnishing the bonds required to be
deposited as security for the ninety per cent,
of circulating notes, and the party organizing
the bank may tlieu take the circulating notes
for his own use. These notes are equal in
value to the same amount of greenbacks, for
when put into circulation they never go back
to the bank for redemption, in the present
condition of the currency; it is true a debt to
the bank is created amounting to more than
one tenth of the capital, but the Comptroller
lias no power to interfere, and the bank claims
ii. to be " a balance" duethera aud not a loan.
The amendment to section thirty forfeits the
whole debt whenever intijrest is taken beyond
the amount allowed by law, instead of forfeit-
ing only the interest, as provided by the law
now.
Section thirty-two relates to the redemption
of circulating notes, and changes the present
law so far as to require the banks in certain
cities named in the bill to redeem their own
circulation and the circulation of those banks
for which they are redeeming agent in the cities
of New York, Philadelphia, and Boston. It
provides for the redemption of'all national bank
notes in one of the seventeen great commercial
centers of the country, and requires the banks
in those commercial centers to redeem their
own notes and the notes of the banks they
redeem, either at Now York, Philadelphia,
or Boston. It also makes satisfactory com-
pensation to all these banks for this work of
redemption by allowing balances in other banks
to be counted as part of the required reserve.
The banks in places outside the seventeen
commercial centers are required to have a
■(•serve of fifteen per cent, of their liabilities
'or circulation and deposit to meet demands
;igainst them, but may count balances due them
from banks employed as their redeeming agent
to the extent of three fifths of the required
reserve. Banks in the seventeen commercial
centers are required to have a reserve equal to
twenty-five per cent, of their liabilities but may
count balances dues them from their redeeming
agents in New York, Philadelphia, or Boston,
to the extent of one half the required reserve;
while the banks in New York, Philadelphia,
ami Boston must have the full amount of
twenty-five per cent, reserve. A bank in any
part, of Illinois, Ohio, or any other Stale may
redeem in New York, Philadelphia, or Boston ;
otherwise it must redeem in Cincinnati, Chi-
cago, or some other commercial center; and
in the latter case, the bank redeeming the notes
must also redeem them at some bank in New
York, Philadelphia, or Boston.
When the effect of the national banking law
is fully understood and appreciated the national
banks will discover that their circulating notes
are required at home for their own use, and
that it is not for their interest to send them to
distant places for circulation. The great diffi-
culty in the banks now throughout the interior
of the country is to find currency; and they
generally give a draft on New York or some
one of the large centers of eommcrce rather
than pay out currency. Under the old system,
the State banks issued as many notes as they
could circulate, and preferred always to pay in
(heir notes ; but the amount of notes that any
national bank can issue being limited by law,
hi- difficulty with the banks is to procure a
.itlicient amount of currency for the daily
ransaction of their business; after sending
away their own notes they often find it neces-
sary to send to New York and pay a premium
for other notes for their daily use.
The amendments of section thirty-four relate
to the returns of the banks, the object of it being
to make the returns more complete and intel-
ligible, and to provide penalties for neglect or
for deceptive or fraudulent returns.
Section forty-one relates to the tax on banks,
and changes the existing law by striking out the
annual tax of one half per cent, on the amount
of capital in excess of the amount invested in
bonds of the United States, and diminishes the
annual tax on circulation from one per cent,
to one half per cent. The provisions in regard
to State taxation are left precisely as in the
existing law. This amendment provides also
for the return of the amount of notes of State
banks which have been paid out by any associa-
tion, on which after the lstof August a tax of
ten per cent, is levied; any bank may receive
such notes at one hundred cents for a dollar,
but with the tax of ten per cent, on the amount
paid out only ninety cents for a dollar would
be realized for them. The effect of this will
doubtless be to exclude the notes of State
banks from circulation, leaving greenbacks and
national currency the only paper money in cir-
culation.
The amendment to section forty-five requires
security to the full amount of public money
deposited in any national bank designated as
a public depository, and weekly returns to be
made of the amount of public money deposited
to the credit of the Treasurer or any disbursing
officer or agent of the United States. It also
makes it the duty of the Treasurer to transfer
to the Treasury any excess of deposit beyond
the amount, of security. A proviso is added to
this section, prohibiting the selection of any
national bank as a depository of public money
at Washington or in the cities where a sub-
Treasury is located ; requiring all public money
in those places to be deposited in the Treasury
or sub-Treasuries. I am opposed to the use of
the public money by banks, and wish to re-
strict it ; yet I believe this provision applied only
to a few of the large cities will operate to in-
commode the Government and the public. In
New York, for example, collectors of internal
revenue being obliged to deposit their collec-
tions every day, would be at a great inconven-
ience, and I think they would find it impossible
to make all their deposits each day in the sub-
Treasury. The objects of the amendments to
scction fifty-six are mainly to give the power
to any receiver appointed under the law to bring
suits, and to meet other difficulties which have
been found by recent experience to exist in
discharging the duties which the law devolves
upon him.
The amendments of the twenty-first section
are, in some respects, the most important in
this bill; their object was to furnish currency
for new banks and for the conversion of the
remaining State banks, by withdrawing from
each bank now established ten per cent, of the
amount of currency they are entitled to under
the existing law. This if carried out fully
would give thirty millions for the purpose, and
be sufficient to supply what is now wanted.
A majority of the committee were unwilling
to reduce the pro rata of circulation of any
bank with a capital not exceeding $300,000 ;
making up for it, in part, by taking an increased
proportion from a few large banks by limiting
the amount of currency to any one bank, not
to exceed $1,000,000. The National Bank of
Commerce of New York with a capital of ten
millions, and four millions of currency now in
circulation, would by this amendment be enti-
tled to ten percent, only of currency ; although
one third of the capital of that bank must be
invested in Government bonds to be deposited
in the Treasury of the United States.
I cannot perceive the justice of taking away
all but ten per cent, of the amount of cur-
rency to which a bank of ten millions is enti-
tled, and allowing other banks to invest the
whole of their capital, when not exceeding
$300,000, in bonds to be pledged as security,
and receive ninety per cent, of that amount in
notes for circulation. The abuses of the na-
tional currency act will be found to be gener-
ally in banks of small capital, which can be
controlled and managed by individuals for
their own benefit. It has always seemed to-
me that* the system of a national currency
would have been better for the community ii
the ratio of circulation to capital bad beea
made uniform, and in no ease to exceed fifty
per cent, of the capital of any bank; so fliat
while one half of the capital was in bonds-de-
posited in the Treasury, the other half would
be employed in the regular business of the
bank. As this amendment now reads, ^exempt-
ing the banks of not more than $300,000 capi-
tal from any reduction, there will-be a margin
of about twenty-four millions to organize new-
national banks.
The Comptroller of the Currency, in his an-
nual report, recommended the issue of one
hundred millions of six per cent, bonds in place
of one hundred millions of greenbacks to ,be
withdrawn from circulation, and to give the
banks ninety millions more of circulating notes
upon the pledge of those bonds as security.
The committee could neither see the wisdom
nor justice of the Government assuming the
payment of six millions annually for interest,
only for the purpose of increasing the bank cir-
culation. So long as there is no redemption
of the notes of national banks, they circulate,
in every respcct, equally as well as greenbacks.
The national currency now in circulation is so
much addition to the currency of the country.
The Government might as well loan greenbacks
to the banks without interest as to authorize
the issue of more national currency. If the
$300,000,000 of national currency had been
issued by the Government in greenbacks it
would have saved annually at least eighteen
millions, which is now paid for interest on the
bonds pledged to secure that three hundred
millions of national bank notes. The Govern-
ment should have the benefit of the issue if
more paper money is necessary. It is to be
hoped that the national bank notes will never
be allowed by Congress to exceed the present
amount of three hundred millions; and when
more bank notes are required, that the ratio of
circulation to each bank be reduced to furnish
the currency required for the new banks. I
have stated the leading features of the amend-
ment proposed by this bill, and now leave it
for the action of the House.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
committee will be first in order.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert on page 13, after line three hundred
and four, the following:
AmPprnvitlcd further, That in all cases where a
national bank has paid, or may pay, in excess of
what may bo found due from said bank, on account
of tho duty required to bo paid to the Treasurer of
the United States, the bank 80 having paid or pay-
ing such excess of duty, may state an account there-
for, which, on being certified by the Treasurer of the
United States and found correct by the First Auditor
and approved by the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, shall be refunded in the ordinary manner by
warrant on tho Treasury.
Mr. IIOOPEIl, of Massachusetts. I send
up to the Clerk's desk a letter, which I ask to
be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury of thk United States,
Washington, July !•£, 1866.
Sir: A number of national banks having made
application for return of duties claimed to have been
illegally exacted and paid, a statement of said claims,
so far as they hod at that time been preferred, was,
on the 21st day ol May last,submitted to theSolicitor
of the Treasury for his opimon, and with the view of
ascertaining whether proper authority of law existed
for the return to the banks of the duty claimed to
have been overpaid. .
I inclose copies of a circular issued from thisolrice
under date of Juno 27,3866, which circular embodies
a statement of the origin of said claims made to the
Solicitor, with his opinion, in reply, that there was
no existing- law nuthuiizing the return to the banks
of the amounts claimed. .
In regard to these claims. I desire respectfully iutoer
to state, that as the matter now stands, those banks
which refused compliance with tho requirements of
this office, in the particulars named, ana continued so
to refuse until the modifications which m eiicct re-
leased thein hud been adopted, escaped the payment
of the duty; while such banks as did comply witn.
the requirements and paid duty on the items have
now no means of recovery; the effect being to niako
a distinction against those banks which complied,
and in favor of those which resisted the payment re-
quired. Many of th« banks which paid the duty,
