1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1225
so ; but I trust you will be warned by tlieir
example.
With the eloquence of Chatham, another
person from his place in the House of Lords
held up to reprobation that apprentice system,
which under the sanction of both Houses of
Parliament, followed emancipation in the Brit-
ish West Indies. I refer to Brougham. He
did not hesitate to exclaim : " Prodigious, por-
tentous injustice!" And then continuing, he
exclaimed again: "The gross, the foul, the
outrageous, the incredible injustice of which we
are daily and hourly guilty toward the wholeof
the ill-fated African race!" But how small
was the injustice which aroused his reprobation
compared with that which yon are now asked
to perpetuate in constitutional law. The wrong
which he arraigned was against eight hundred
thousand persons in distant islands, to whom
the people of Great Britain were bound by no
ties of gratitude, and who were to thom only
fellow-men. The wrong which I now arraign
is against four million persons, constituting a
considerable portion of the "people" of the
United States to whom we are bound by ties of
gratitude, and who are to us fellow-citizens.
From the moment I heard this proposition first
read at the desk I have not been able to think
of it without pain. The reflection that it might
find a place in the Constitution, or even that it
might be sanctioned by Congress, is intolerable.
And this becomes more so when I call to mind
the circumstances bv uliichwe are surrounded
and the exigency of the hour.
Lord Bacon tells us that the highest function
which men can be called to perform on earth is
that of founders of States, or, as he expresses
it, conditores imperii. Such is the duty now
before us. We are to help in this great work
by a fundamental provision which shall fix the
bads of our political system for an indefinite
future. There are none among the great law-
givers of history who have had a sublimer task.
But ibis duty is enhanced when we consider
that it is the consequence and sequel of an
unparalleled war. At a moment of peace such
a duty would be commanding; but it is now
reenforeed by exceptional considerations arising
from the exceptional condition of affairs. For
four years Rebellion, in the largest proportions
known to authentic history, raged among us,
threatening to rend this Republic in twain.
Millions of treasure were sacrificed. Lives
more precious than any treasure were heaped
in hecatombs. Families were filled with mourn-
ing. In the terrible struggle, while the coun-
try was bleeding at every pore and the scales
of battle hung doubtful, assistance came from
an unexjjected quarter. Intermixed with the
false men who warred on the Republic were
more than three million slaves, shut out from
rights of all kinds, and compelled to do the
bidding of masters. These slaves became our
benefactors. They were kind to our captive
soldiers, sheltering them, feeding them, sup-
plying their wants, and guiding them to safety.
Thus 111 the very heart of the Rebellion there
was a filial throb for the Republic. At last
arms were put into the hands of these bene-
factors, and two hundred thousand brave allies,
representatives of an unmusteved host, leaped
forward in defense of the national cause. The
Republic was saved. The Rebellion was at an
end. Meanwhile the good President who at
that time guided our affairs put forth his im-
mortal Proclamation, declaring that these slaves
"'are and henceforward shall be free," and
not stopping with this declaration, he pro-
ceeded to announce, that the Executive Gov-
ernment of the United States, including the
military and naval authorities thereof, "will
recognize and maintain the freedom of such
persons." Thus was the Republic solemnly
pledged to these benefattois: iirsl. by the ties
of gratitude that should lie enduring, and sce-
ondlv, by an open piounse the laoe of tlie )
civilized world. And this pledge was taken up j
and adopted by the p< Oj-ieot' tin United states, j
when, by constitutional oinendiiieut, thee ox
pressh empowered ('ongre^s to maintain tlu
freedom by appropriate legislation.
And now, sir, called as we are to readjust
the foundations of political power, which are
naturally changed by the disappearance of sla-
very ; and called also to perform sacred prom-
ises to benefactors, in harmony with sacred
promises of our fathers, while at the same
time we save the name of the Republic from
dishonor and see that the national peace is not
imperiled, Congress is about to liquidate all
these inviolable obligations by a new compro-
mise of Human Rights, and, so far as it can, to
place this compromise in the text of the Con-
stitution ; thus establishing a false foundation
of political power, violating the national faith,
dishonoring the name of Republic, and imper-
iling the national peace. Others have dwelt
on the inadequacy of this proposition, even for
its avowed purposes. Conceived in a desire to
do indirectly wdiat ought to be done directly,
and thus "by indirections find direction out,'"
it must naturally share the conditions of such
a device. Ealstaff tells us that "wit may be
made a jackanapes when 'tis upon an ill em-
ploy but what ill employ ever equaled that
of this attempt?
Looking at; this compromise in its most gen-
eral aspect, it reminds me, if you will pardon
the illustration, of that leg of mutton, served for
dinner on the road from London to Oxford,
which Dr. Johnson, with characteristic energy,
described "as bad as bad could be, ill-fed, ill-
killed, ill-kept, and ill-dressed." So this com-
promise—I adopt the saying of an eminent
friend, who insists that it cannot be called an
"amendment," but rather a "detriment" to
the Constitution—is as bad as bad can be; and
even for its avowed purpose it is uncertain,
loose, cracked, and rickety. Regarding it as
a proposition from Congress to meet the un-
paralleled exigencies of the present hour, it is
no better than the "muscipular abortion" scut
into the world by the "parturient mountain."
Butitisonly wlienwelook at the chance of good
from it that this proposition is "muscipular."
Regarding it in every other aspect it is infinite,
inasmuch as it makes the Constitution a well-
spring of insupportable thralldom, and once
more lifts the sluices of blood destined to run
until it comes to the horse's bridle. Adopt it,
and you will put millions of fellow-citizens under
the ban of excommunication; you will hand
them over to a new anathema lnaranatha; you
will declare that they have no political rights
" which white men are bound to respect," thus
repealing in a new form that abomination which
has blackened the name of Taney. Adopt it,
and you will stimulate anew the war of race
upon race. Slavery itself was a war of race
upon racc, and this is only a new form of this
terrible war. The proposition is as hardy as
it is gigantic; for it takes no account of the
moral sense of mankind, which is the same as
if in rearing a monument we took no account
of the law of gravitation. It is f he paragon and
master-piece of ingratitude, showing more than
any other act of history what is so often charged
and we so fondly deny, that republics are un-
grateful. The freedtnen ask for bread, and
you send them a stone. With piteous voice
they ask for protection. You thrust them back
unprotected into the cruel den of their former
masters. Such an attempt, thus bad as bad
can be ; thus abortive for all good ; tints peril-
ous : thus pregnant with a war of race upon
race ; thus shocking to the moral sense, and
thus treacherous to those whom we are bound
10 protect, cannot be otlcnvi-e than .shameful.
Adopt it, and joa \vill cover the country with
dishonor. Adopt it, and jou will fix a stigma
upon the veiy name of Republic. As to the im-
agination, there am mountains of light, so are |
there mountains of darkness; and this is one of
them, it is the very Koh-i-noor of blackness, j
OUJIX'TIOXS To THIS 0O.MPUOM iSU. !
I shall not cement m\ self by describing this \
pvopo-Lion. 'This is not enoe^h, \\h"i._- -,uch
an attempt is made. You !>a\e .seen il in its i
g'^neiSo character only. You nluiil s.v it now i
in i(^ gniiv part,, each one of whicn is suili- |j
(ient to aroa.-t the conscience agaiint it. |
1. Of course you cannot fail to be struck by !i
its language. Hers words become things. In
express terms there is an admission of the-idea
qf Inequality of Bights founded on race or color. •
That this uiirepublican idea should be allowed
to find a place in the text of the Constitution
will excite especial wonder when it is considered
how conscientiously our fathers excluded from
that text the kindred idea of property in man.
I he saying of Mr. Madison cannot be too often
repeated:
.," He thought it wrong to admit in the Constitution
the idea ol property in man.''
But is it less wrong to admit in the Constitu-
tion the idea of Inequality of Rights founded
on race or color? Surely the authors of this
proposition have acted very inconsiderately and
with little regard to the spirit of the fathers.
Imagine it introduced into the Convention which
framed the Constitution. It would have been
scorned as a defilement not to be tolerated. It
would have been scouted from that text which,
with pious care, was to be guarded against deg-
radation. And now mark the change. Afterthe
lapse of generations, when our obligations have
increased with increasing light—at an epoch of
history when mankind are more than ever be-
fore sensitive to the claims of human rights—
and when among ourselves there is more than
ever before a desire and a duty to fulfill all the
promises of the Declaration of Independence,
we arc invited to make the Constitution slap the
Declaration oflndependenceintheface; to make
it insult the conscience of mankind, and to make
it disregard all the obligations pressing upon
us. But this is a mild way of stating the char-
acter of this attempt as itappears in the words.
It s essential micleanness is not disclosed; and
this you must understand. Adopt this propo-
sition, and you will be little better than the foul
Ifarpies who defiled the feast that was spread.
The Constitution is the feast spread for our coun-
try, and you are now hurrying to drop into its
text a political obscenity, and to spread on its
page a disgusting ordure,
" Defiling all you find,
And parting leave a loathsome stench behind."
If I use plain language it is because the occa-
sion requires it. Only in this way can this enor-
mity be adequately exposed. Only in this way
can you be made to see it in its true character.
Only in this way can you be moved to shrink
from it with proper repugnance. It is in this
spirit that the religious press of the country is
beginning to speak. The Boston Recorder,
which is the most venerable of all the religious
papers of New England, and perhaps of the
whole country, which for more than half a cen-
tury has been a weekly teacher at uncounted
firesides, thus solemnly appeals to the con-
science of patriots and of statesmen:
"The proposed amendment to the Constitution of
tho United States, which parsed the House of Repre-
sentatives last week by a vote ot 120 to 46, will, if it
should become the fundamental law of the land, in-
flict upon mil-free nittitutionx a neater infamy than aiiy-
thirty contained in our icritteu Constitution. There are
tilings there which were sufficiently disgraceful in
their intent and purpose. That the slave trade should
not be prohibited before 180S; that three fifths of the
slaves should be represented in Congress by the votes
of their owners; that fugitiv^slaves should be re-
turned to their owners: these were scandalous pro-
visions to which our noble fathers submitted only
because without them we could ha\fe no common
national existence. But they couched these offensive
propositions in terms that, on the cessation of slavery,
would have no objectionable meaning. This event
tliey uiuicipatcd much c.salier than it has, actti fly
occurred. And now that it is a t'aet. no one wishes
the clauses ot the Con1 titution to which we have
alluded to be stricken out.
"Hut now it is proposed to ingraft upon this re-
vered instrument a principle that aState may decree
that all men are not born equal, and^ may disfra nchise
a majority of hei citizens and their sons and their
sons' sons forevei 1 (4ood jurists have declared ttiat
the Constitution as it now stands would forbid any
such State action, and that all constitutions and laws
disfranchising citissens beeausu of their parentage,
color, race, or descent are null and void. \\ care not
awareof any attempt to refute this view with a, shadow
of success. .
"And now it cannot be that we shall ttive up our
^anta^e ground ami ^tai>i the lr>.'ia /■ // bought with so
much precious blood with ■>. icluch wujhl be
tin ncd to 'W have au^ef
"Let every patriot, to whom the ^'ood name at
America is dear, bestir luiusett. lei every Christian
who believesthat tsod is no respecter of persons; let
eveiy father who a ould not leave to his children it
legacy of national discord unda birthright in a nation
