4106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 24,
protesting that they deemed the requirement an im-
proper one, were informed from this office-that it was
not deemed that their rights to reeoYery, thereafter,
of an amount of duty improperly exacted, would be
prejudiced by their making payment then, as in case
it was decided by competentauthority that such pay-
ment was improperly exaeted, the amount overpaid
woald be allowed as & credit on the payment due on
the. next return.
It appearing from the opinion of the Solicitor of
the Treasury that this course cannot lawfully be pur-
sued, aind deeming it an act of justice to the banks
concerned that some provision should be made for
the return to them of such amounts of duty as may
have been paid by them under requirements subse-
quently modified, (which modification would, if made
before the payment, have released them therefrom,)
I have prepared,and have the honor tosubmithcre-
with, an amendment to section forty-one of the na-
tional currency act, providing for the return of duty
under all the safeguards provided by any act for the
payment of money out of the Treasury, the adoption
of which amendment Ibegrespectfully to recommend.
Very respectfully, F. E. SPINNER,
Treasurer United States.
Hon. Samuel Hooper, of Committee on Banking and
Currency, IIo use of Representatives, Washington, D. C.
tennessee again.
Mr. DAWKS. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, to make a report from the Committee
of Elections.
The SPEAKER. If there is 110 objection,
the banking bill will be laid aside to allow the
Committee of Elections to make a report.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. The Committee of Elections,
to whom were referred the credentials of cer-
tain persons claiming to have been duly elected
as Representatives to this Congress from the
State of Tennessee, have instructed me to re-
port that the credentials of the following gen-
tlemen have been referred to the committee,
namely: Nathaniel G. Taylor, for the first dis-
trict of Tennessee; Horace Maynard, for the
second district; William B. Stokes, for the
third district; Edmund Cooper, for the fourth
district; William 13. Campbell, for the fifth dis-'
trict; Samuel L. Arnold, for the sixth district;
Isaac R. Hawkins, for the seventh district;
and John W. Leftwich, for the eighth district.
The credentials presented have been exam-
ined by the committee and appear to be in
conformity with the laws of the State of Ten-
nessee and of the United States. They set
forth that on the first Thursday of August, in
the year 180."), each one of these gentlemen was
duly elected a Representative in Congress in
conformity with the laws of Tennessee and of
the United States. Each one of the creden-
tials is signed by the Governor of the State
and attested by the secretary of state, with the
seal of the State affixed thereto. The commit-
tee have instructed me to report that those
credentials arc in conformity with law, and to
move that these several gentlemen bo sworn in
as members of the House from the State of
Tennessee.
Mr. LB BLOND. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. DAWKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. LE BLOND. I fully concur with the
report made by the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Elections. But, sir, I am somewhat
puzzled to know how that committee comes to
the conclusion that it has given any force or
effect to the resolution that passed this House
and the Senate. The preamble to that resolu-
tion presupposes that the State of Tennessee
was out of the Union and not entitled to rep-
resentation until the adoption or ratification
of the constitutional amendment. If so, I ask
the chairman of the committee how in Heaven's
name the election of these Representatives can
be legal. For one I believe the election to be
proper. I believe these members are entitled
to seats and that they have been so entitled all
the time. But if the spirit of that preamble is
right, certainly the report of this committee
is a perfect anomaly. I have been in favor of
admitting these men all along, and I simply
make this statement, hoping that the chairman
of the committee may be able to reconcile his
position.
Mr. DAWES. After the luminous exposi-
tion of the gentleman showing the inconsist-
ency of the position in which ho finds himself
after having voted for that resolution, I do
not tliiak it necessary to detain the House any
further, and I therefore demand the previous
question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not vote for it at all.
[Laughter.]
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
Mr. LE BLOND. It is not necessary; there
is nobody opposed to it.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Messrs. Nathaniel G. Taylor, Horace
Maynard, and William B. Stokes then came
forward amid applause, took the oath of office
prescribed by the act of July 2, 1862, and took
their seats in the House.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move the House now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That will be till to-mor-
row.
Mr. EGGLESTON. That is what I propose.
The motion was disagreed to.
bank bill again.
The House resumed the consideration of the
banking bill, the pending question being on
the amendment offered by Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusetts.
Mr. STEVEN'S, I think I understand the
object of that amendment; I am not quite sure.
Some time ago it was decided by the late Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue that banks were
bound to pay the tax of one sixth of one per
cent., and I suppose it has reference to what
is paid under that decision. Now, that was
decided by the courts in Philadelphia to be
illegal. There has been paid a good many thou-
sand dollars of revenue in Pennsylvania under
that erroneous decision. I believe this amend-
ment has reference to that.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It refers
entirely to that. The Solicitor reported that
there was no authority to refund the money.
Mr. STEVEN S. 1 suggest whether we ought
not to have a clause ratifying what has already
been paid.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. They
have not asked it.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by inserting after the word '1 any,'' m
line fifty-one, page 3, the words, "national
banking," so that it will read "national bank-
ing association."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I sug-
gest that the bill be now taken up and read by
paragraphs for amendment.
The SPEAKER. Under what rule?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Let the
Chair suggest the rule.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the bill will be read by paragraphs for amend-
ment, the same as in Committee of the Whole,
allowing five minutes' speeches jyo and con.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
The Clerk read the first paragraph, as fol-
lows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That the act entitled "An act to provide a na-
tional currency, secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to providefor the circulation and redemp-
tion thereof," approved Juno 3,1864, be, and thesame
is hereby, amended as follows, namely:
That section eighteen of said act be amended by
striking out all after the cnacting clause and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the following: that if, upon a
careful examination of the facts so reported and of
any other facts which may come to the knowledge
of the Comptroller of the Currency, whether by
means of a special commission, which he is hereby
authorized to appoint for the purpose of inquiring
into the condition of such association, or otherwise,
it shall appear io him that such association has com-
plied with all the provisions of law and is prepared
and intends to engage in, and is lawfully entitled to
eommcneo, the business of banking, he shall give to
such association a certificate, under his hand and
official seal, that such association has complied with
all the provisions of law required to be complied
with before being entitled to commence the business
ofbanking under the national currency act, and that
such association is authorized to commencesaid busi-
ness accordingly; and it shall bo the duty of sajid
association to cause said certificate to be published
in some newspaper in the city or town where the
association is located for at leastsixty daysnextafter
the issuing thereof, and if no newspaper is there pub-
lished, the certificate shall be published m a newspa-
per designated by the Comptroller of the Currency.
And whenever the Comptroller of the Currency shall
have evidence, or shall have reason to believe, that
anj  such association is not carrying on the proper
business of banking, or that any ox its reports re-
quired by law have oeen false or fraudulent, or that
its funds have been willfully misapplied by the di-
rectors or officers, in violation of the national cur-
rency act, or that the directors have intentionally or
negligently violated, or intentionally or negligently
permitted any of the officers, agents, or servants of
the association to violate any of the provisions of
law, it shall be the duty of the Comptroller of the
Currency to cause an examination of its affairs; and
upon satisfactory proof to the Comptroller that such
association is not carrying on the proper business of
banking, or has rendered false or fraudulent reports,
or that its funds have been misapplied, or that it has
violated the provision^5 of law, he may, v,Tith_ the
approval of the Secretary of the treasury, appoint a
receiver to close up its business, according to section
fifty of the national currency act.
Mr. LYNCH. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of this paragraph:
Provided, however. That the appointment of such
receiver shall be vacated and the Comptroller shall be
enjoined and restrained from further proceedings in
the premises under this section, if the nearest dis-
trict, circuit, or territorial court of the United States
shall, on application of such association, made within
ten days after it shall have been notified of such ap-
pointment and upon hearing of the case, so order.
The object of the amendment is to give the
same right of appeal that is given in section
fifty of the national currency act. That pro-
vides for closing up on certain violations of
the law.
Mr. CONKLING. If I caught the sensa
clearly I would suggest that the amendment
goes further than the gentleman intends. It
provides that the appointment of any such com-
missioner shall be vacated if the court shall so
order.
Mr. LYNCH. The section provides that
the Comptroller of the Curreney shall wind
up the bank under 'certain provisions of the
national currency act, and the proviso is to give
the parties a right to appeal to the courts. If
the gentleman will refer to section fifty ho will
find the provision referred to.
Mr. CONKLING. I would suggest to the
gentleman, then, that he ought to provide not
only that the appointment should be vacated,
but that the proceedings themselves should be
vacated.
Mr. LYNCH. It provides just that.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Perhaps
I misunderstood the gentleman ; but I under-
stood him to say that his amendment was from
the Committee on Banking and Currency.
Mr. LYNCH. I did not say it was from the
committee; I offered it as an amendment of
my own.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It seems
to me unnecessary, as that provision already
exists in the law. The propriety of the pro-
vision I assent to, but it is already provided for
in the law. This subject was discussed in the
committee, and they thought it was sufficiently
provided for now in the fiftieth section of the
national currency act.
Mr. LYNCH. Section fifty does not cover
this case. That section provides in relation to
" such association against which proceedings
have been so instituted on account of any
alleged refusal to redeem." This is not on
account of any alleged refusal to redeem; there-
fore that proviso is not applicable to this at all.
It is only applicable to a bank which is being
wound up on account of its alleged refusal to
redeem, and it does not apply to the extension
given under this section.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
I understand very well what the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Lyxch] is seeking to accom-
plish. The object of the committee in this re-
spect was this: that where a bank fraudulently
