1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7;
yet to bleed in Helot conspiracies; let every states-
man who believes that even justice is the only flare
foundation of national tranquillity arouse tiimselx.
I have hoard somewhere a strange "apology
for these words of defilement. It is said that
they are "punitive" in character, and that the
idea of Inequality of Rights is to be admit-
ted into the Constitution for punishment and
not for sanction. As well say that the term
"three fifths of all other persons'' in the Con-
stitution was '' punitive'' in character. It was
no such thing. It was a Compromise ; and such
is the precise character of the present prop-
osition, which, by its very words, is a plain
license to a disgusting tyranny in consideration
that the tyrants pay in political power. The
primary element in the case, which .stands out
in "darkness visible," is the license ; the sec-
ondary element is the pay. Here is nothing
less than a mighty House of 111 fame, which it
is proposed to license constitutionally lor a
consideration. Even if political power is cur-
tailed, it is only as a consideration for the
license. It is a new sale of Indulgences on a
larger scale than that of Tetzel._ The_ latter
came from Rome into Germany dispensing in-
dulgences for adultery, robbery, theft; but ihe
outrage aroused Martin Luther, and the lb r
mation began. As well say that since pa-. s
required, therefore the indulgences of Tetzi.
were "punitive" as that the present p'-'-.,'op-
tion is " punitive."
Thus far 1 have spoken of this propn '".m
only as it, appears in its words, without an J\..-
ing°'t in detail. On its face it is shameful. In
its elementary parls and consequences, it is, if
possible, moit shameful still.
2. One of iU elementary parts and conse-
quences is that it saaeUons Ike arknowli'ili/cil
tyranny <j" kU'Hiion without representation. A
whole race, constituting a considerable pari of
the people ol'the United Slates, and embiaced
under the words of 1 he preamble to Ihe Consti-
tuliun, " We the people," are left without rep-
re.seulation in the (lovi rnmenf, Iml- neverthe-
less held wiiliiu the e.rasp of taxation of all
kinds, direct and iudireet, 1 ariII' and excise,
Slate and national. Sir, (his is tyranny or else
our fathers were wrong when (hey protested
against, a kindred injusiiee. This principle is
fundamental. You camiol violate it without
again dishonoring Ihe fathers.
To the application of'this principle there have
been two replies: lirst, lhat in its nature it was
a claim of representation for communities only,
and not for imli\iduals; and secondly, lliatiu
ils nalnre il embraces women as well as men.
And from I hose Iwo considerations it has been
armed lhal il cannot beiiiMilu'd for the protec-
tion of our tour millions "uuilly of a skin not
colored like our own. ' liven if il had been
originally a claim for communities only, and not
for individuals, if is dillieuH to see how il can be
rejected as a, ride in determining the rights of a
mass of fellow-citizens counted by millions.
Our fathers when they cried out that taxation
without representation is tyranny were not
more than two millions and a half. Our fellow-
citizens who now echo the same cry throughout
the whole country are more than four millions,
possessing the weight of numbers if not of
organizalion. liuf if is a mistake to suppose1
flint (he original claim was for communities
onlv and not lor individuals. This is a question
of hintory, lo be considered with the gravity
of history, ami us such I ask youratteution lo it.
Already in opening this debate I carried you
to that 1'roviiicial Court in Massachusetts where
in assailing writs of assistance, .lames Otis lirst
launched the thunderbolt. " Taxation without
representation is Tyranny." You will remem-
ber how careful he was to insist that without
representation there could lie no taxation of any
kind, direct or indirect, on land or 011 trade,
and that the representation must be substantial,
real and not merely imaginary, or, as it was
expressed at that liine, " \ irlual." It was 111
devolopi^this principle (hat be announced the
On 'bis 41'j n'; !e s-J when h? a I u Jtu. ■
memorable words which the whole counfiv
adopted at once with patriotic frenzy, and which
I insist you shall not deny in our organic law.
Would you know more precisely the meaning
of Otis? Let him be his own interpreter. Again
and again he asserts the Equality of men. This
was his fundamental principle, which on an
important occasion he thus expressed: "The
first and simple principle is Equality and the
Power of the Whole." {Otis, Eights of Colo-
nies, p. 14.) Nor did he allow this to be limited
in its application by any distinction of color.
John Adams, who was present when the orator
lirst raised his great cry, says, "Nor were the
poor negroes forgotten. Not a Quaker in Phil-
adelphia, or Mr. Jefferson, of Virginia, ever as-
serted the rights of negroes in stionger terms.''
(John Adams's Works, vol. 10, p. 815.) Shortly
afterward Otis, in another form, assailed di-
rectly the distinction of color, saying, "Will
short curled hair, like wool, instead of Chris-
tian hair, as it is called by those whose heart
is as hard as the netlicr mill-stone, help the
argument?" (Otis, Bights of Colonics, p. 29.)
Such, then, wore his premises, the Equal Rights
of all without distinction of color. Irom these
his conclusion was easy. Here it is in his own
words:
"The very act of taxing exercised over those who
are not lepresented appears to 111c to bo depriving
thoni of ono of tlicir most essential rights as freemen,
and U >.0 n* I, seemsto bo,in ".'i "it'irc 'lyj roa-
■ ■lusement of eeerp civil right. Kor what one civil right
II worth a rush niter a man's property is subject to be
taken from him at pleasui e without his consent? If
a mail is not his own assessor, in person or by deputy,
his liberty is gone, or he is entirely at the mercy 01
others."—Otis, Bights of the. Colonies, p. 53.
Stronger words for universal suffrage could
not be employed. II is argument is that if men
are taxed without being represented they are
deprived of essential rights ; and the continu-
ance of this deprivation despoils them of every
civil right, thus making the latter depend upon
the right of suffrage,' which by a neologism
of our day is known as apolitical right instead
of a civil right. Then, lo give point to this
argument, the patriot insists that in determin-
ing taxaiiou, "every man must bo his own
(i sxc.'.sor. in person or by dopuly,'' without which
his liberty is entirely at the mercy of others.
Here, again, in a different form, is the original
thunderbolt, ''Taxation without representa-
tion is Tyranny;" and the claim is made not
merely for communities, but for " every man."
Such a principle naturally encountered op-
position at that time, even as it docs now in
litis Chamber; but Otis was ready at all points.
To the argument that Manchester, JJinniug-
liam, and ShelHoid, like America, relumed no
members' to Parliament, lie Hashed forth in
reply:
"If t'ney arc not represented they ousJit to be.
AW nl Ii'ini of a sound minil should have I r- vote."
And then, again, taking up the reply, I10
exclaimed :
"Lord Coke declares that, it is again«tJIagnaCharta,
and against the Iranehisesof the laud, lor freemen to
bo taxed but by their oivn cement."—Bancroft's
flistort/ of United States, vol. 5, p. 2'JO.
Thus does he interpret again the flaming
words, "Taxation without representation is
Tyranny."
Hut, while thus positive in his demand, there
is reason to believe that Otis so far yielded to
a }H'ovailing sentiment, and especially to the
opinions of Harrington, whose Oceana was
much read at that time, as sometimes to recog-
nize property in determining the basis of polit-
ical power. On one occasion lie said that
Government could not be "rightfully founded
011 property alone," thus seeming to intimate
that property might enter into the foundation,
although, as he derisively remarks, "the pos-
sessor of it may not have much more wit than
a mole or musquash." (Otis, Ri'jhts of Col-
onies, p. 10.) But it was doubtless obvious to
his clear intelligence that a claim of power
founded on property was very different from a
claim of power founded on color. Property
may be acquired; but color, from its nature, is
an i"-urniounfaul'1 condition. Tho original
cm' !, uiioii of Ma.-sachusv its recognizes prop-
el ty as an element of political power: but it
rejects all discrimination founded on color.
If, therefore, under the maxim of Otis, there
may bo a discrimination founded on property,
most clearly, according to reason and early
practice, there can be no discrimination founded
on color, so that at the pfesenthour his maxim
is of vital force as a claim, not merely for the
community, but for the individual. Let the
country now, as aforetime, take it up and
repeat it until it becomes the watchword of
patriotism.
But Otis was not the only interpreter of this
maxim of Liberty. The Legislature of Massa-
chusetts on repeated occasions made the same
claim. On one occasion, in solemn resolutions
draw n by Samuel Adams and adopted -unani-
mously, it spoke as follows:
"That by the law of nature no man has a right to
impose laws more than to levy taxes upon another;
that tho freeman pays no tax, as the freeman sub-
mits to 110 law but such as emanates from the body
in which bo is represented."—John Adctine'e Worts,
vol. 1, p. 78.
Surely this claim is not merely for the com-
munity. It is for the individual freeman also.
Virginia was not behind Massachusetts. _ In
her Bill of Rights, drawn by that determined
patriot, George Mason, and adopted June 12,
1776, anterior to the Declaration of Independ-
ence, is tho following emphatic claim :
" All men bavin? sufficient evidence of permanent
common interest with and attachment to the com-
munity have the rir/iit of suffrage and cannot betafed or
deprived of their property^ for public uses without their
men consent or that of their representatives so elected,
nor bound by any law to which they have not in like
maimer assented for the public good."
Here again the claim is not merely for the
community. It is for "allmen," and it is set
forth thus positively in a Bill of Rights.
Let Benjamin Frankhn interpret these words.
Hcie is a statement found among his papers,
under date of 170!), while the colonists were
echoing the cry, "Taxation without representa-
tion is tyranny:''
"That ever 11 man of the commonalty, except infants,
insane pin-son's, and criminils.is of common right, and
bytho lawsof God, a, freeman and entitled to thefree
enjoyment ol liberty. That libertu or freedom consists
in having an, actual share in the appointment oj those
who frame the linns, and who are to be tlio guardians
of every man; life, properly, and peace; for the all of
one man is as dear to liim .1? the all of another; and
Oi0 poor ina:ii lias an erih.il right, but more need to
liavo representatives in the Legislature than the
rich one.
"Tli at thoy who have no voice nor vote m the elect-
ing of representatives do not enjoy liberty; but arc
absolutely enslaved to tlime who have votes and to their
Kji,i < nt 1 itivs ; for to be enslaved is to have govern-
ors whom othermai have set/jver us, and be subject to
laws iniiile by the reiiresenhdivcs of others, without hav-
ing had representative? (1 our own to give consent
in our behalf."—Franklin's Works, vol. 2, p. 372.
Here is no claim for c immunities merely, but
expressly for'1 every men," including especially
"tho poor man," and without distinction of
color.
This American testimony is fitly crowned by
the Declaration of Independence, which, begin-
ning with the proclamation that '' all men are
created equal," proceeds to assert that Govern-
ments " derive their just powers from the con-
sent of the governed." Here again is no claim
for communities, but for "all men;" and this
is the most authoritative interpretation of the
original claim, thundered forth by Otis, and
echoed throughout the land. It is idle to show
that, in certain instances, the fathers failed to
apply the sublime principles which they de-
clared. Their failure can be no apology for
us, on whom the duty is now cast.
But there is still another interpreter to be in-
voked. The maxim of Otis was not original
with him. It may be found in the writings of
John Locke, so remarkable for masculine sense
and an exalted love of liberty. On a former
occasion I adduced his authority, which is plain
and positive. Pardon me if I call your atten-
tion toil once more. After asserting that Gov-
ernment cannot take the property of any one
without his own consent or that of the majority
of the people, the philosopher thus expresses
himself:
"For. if any 0110 shall claim, a power to lay and
levy taxes on the people by liis own authority <'>2<i
>•)tt'koiit «?.'(. h fnnn'pt of the lie thereby invades
mo tnndamental law of piopcrty and subvert* the
