2186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
officers of the company who are here; and I
know whatJhey are here for.
Mr. WENTWORTH. They are'here for
money.
Mr. WOODBKIDGE. The gentleman is a
little nervous. I intend to give my views on
this question; but if it will answer the purpose
of the gentleman as well, I am willing to an-
swer his question now.
Mr. WENTWORTH. My object was to stir
up a little inquiry on this subject. But I start
upon this basis: that one of the worst things in
tlie present time is the departure from the old
safe precedent by allowing bills to pass without
any kind of report. Nino tenths of the mem-
bers do not know what they are doing when
they are voting upon such bills. It is com-
mitting political suicide; for when members are
callcd to account at home for the voles they
have given they have nothing to defend them-
selves with.
Suppose, for instance, I had voted for this
bill on the strength of the name of my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] being in it." Wo all
know him and what ho has done for his country.
What sort of a defense would that be before
my constituents if I should he called on to
explain it, say, four days before election? 1
would telegraph perhaps to my friend and he
would send word back that ho did not know
anything about it. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. I would ask the gentleman
whether ho does believe that in such a dark
hour of trial, when his political enemies were
seeking to oust him from his place, he would
be protected by the ghosts of the soldiers with
one arm and one leg who would come to his
rescue. [Laughter.]
Mr. WENTWORTH. I know this, that if
I have right on my side. God will support me.
[Laughter.]
But, Mr. Speaker, how long is it since a bill
was offered to give some poor soldier eight
dollars a month, and somebody called out for
the report? " Where is the report in that case?''
'• Let, us have the report." Now only look at
this bill. The joke of it is that you yourselves
do not know liow much money vou arc to give.
^ ou not only give it without any report, but
yon eannof tell how lmieh yon give.
Now, here is a nice thing. But the people
at the West understand these things. Koine
easte.ru man must have drawn this. "When
some of our Yankee: friends lirst came out there
and advocated it they said it was a good thing.
But it, is played out now. Live Suckers and
lloosiers know all about this, and what it means.
Here is your original bill and charter. Certain
things arc to transpire when the load is com-
menced. Now, here comes in that dangerous
thing, the amendment to the original bill, and
that is to define what commences the road.
Now, if any of vou do not know when the
road is euinmenced, here is the law of Congress,
a pircedcnt to be ijuoted on us hereafter, an act
oi the Thirty-Ninth Congio.SK:
fine, ■'".i . 1 'V il/urth'Trntu '"I, That the commence-
ment of tjio survrv of tli0 rnilrond nnd telegraph line
in £ood i'jiilii h.i!i bo deemed nnd considered to be
the commencement of (ho work within the meaning
and intent of the net of incorporation.
1 heard a man once say that he did not care
much what they called him if they did not im-
pugn lits good sense. [Laughter.] Now, [do
think that this is an insult to the good sense of
this House, to make us define that to be the
commencement of the road. But in order that
members of Congress might not know anything
about it wc have had an evening session and
had the previous question moved in the night.
Everything v,;ts to be hurried through without
any chance to consider the matter, and we were
to deci uo when this road was to be commenced—
how.' Why, '"within the meaning and intent
of the act of incorporation." Now, it was not
supposed in that hour's time that we should
run back to the library—I do not know but
what it is looked at night—and get this act of
incorporation.
But I want to say that the drift of my argu-
ment now is to show that this bill should have
been referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. That was the committee that origi-
nated these measures, that started the prece-
dent of all these land grants—the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad. Had this gone to that commit-
tee they would have made it conform to prior
grants, and they would not have made this sup-
plemental bill interfere with the original bill.
Here is what alarms me and my constituents.
_ I have been anxious, and am still, that the
right sort of a bill should pass, and I say now,
that when this bill shall be made to conform to
the usual precedent in the case I shall probably
be as warm a supporter of it as there is in the
House. But I want it to go through the usual
form. I want it to be properly discussed. I
want this supplemental bill to be compared
with the original bill.
Look at the sixth section of this bill:
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That the said
company may from time to time alter and change
the location of its lino whenever such change will
the better carry out the purposes sot forth in the act
of incorporation, by filing in. the office of the Sec-
retary of the Interior a description of the new line
adopted.
Now, -we are not permitted to know the
intentions of these men. They have not sub-
mitted their by-laws. I have been a director
of railroads and we have had to have certain by-
laws and certain minutes ; and when we under-
took to negotiate a loan, or to do this, that, or
the other thing, we sent out extracts certified
by proper authority from our minutes as well
as from our by-laws. But here we have no
information on that subject in regard to this
company, and 1, who represent the largest
congressional district in the United States, am
entirely uninformed on the subject.
Mr. PRICE. I would ask the gentleman
whether, in all his exploration of the West in
connection with railroad companies, he ever
knew a railroad company that did not have
the privilege of varying their line. And if
he will look at this bill he will find that it pro-
vides that it shall not go further south than
the forty-fifth parallel.
Mr. WENT WORTH. But they may go as
far north as they please.
Mr. PRICK. They will not go into the
British possessions.
Mr. \\ ENTWORTII. I object to any mem-
ber in this House or any one else coming and
whispering and telling this man and thc othcr
what will be done. It will not defend me before
my constituents nor save them from the results
of wrong legislation. I want to know why it
is that wc have no information on this sub-
ject, and why wc arc not allowed to have any-
thing official upon it.
_ But the gentleman from Iowa asks me a ques-
tion , if 1 do not want to know that railroad com-
panies arc privileged to swing their line. I do
not think that is a proper way to get a job
through this House.
Mr. PRICE. Did the gentleman ever know
a land grant of any other character?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will state to the gen-
tleman this: that is just what I am complain-
ing about. I say that no individual in this
House has the right to get up here and make
an official communication of this kind. I say
this bill should go to the Committee on Public
Lands, so they may bring forward their rejitirt
and put, their names to it. And if the gentle-
man will move that-1 be added to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, I will agree to state what
I know, and put my name to it.
Now, I am seriously afraid, and my constit-
uents are afraid, that it is the intention, if this
bill shall pass through Congress, to carry this
road, under the sixth section of the bill, into
the British Provinces, and bring it around so
as to communicate with the Grand Trunk road
at Portland, Maine, and make this a great
Pacific feeder for that road.
Mr._ PRICE. I will ask the gentleman from
Illinois if he does not know, as well as he knows
he has an existence, that this road cannot by
any possible means go into the British Prov-
inces.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I do not know any
such thing; neither does anybody else know it.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman is the best
know-nothing I ever saw. [Laughter.]
Mr. WENTWORTH. I do not profess to
know anything that I am not certain of, and
which I am not willing to put my name t,o. I
never knew so big a lot of know-nothings as
these men are who come here to get money
out of our Treasury.
Now, I ask the gentleman from Iowa why he
objects to allowing this bill to go to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. PRICE. It affords me a great deal of
satisfaction to answer the gentleman. It is
simply and entirely because there is not an
ounce nor an inch of land in the bill, any way
you measure it or weigh it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then, if there is no
land in the bill, there is money; for they must
have something. And if there is money, the
bill ought to go to the Committee of Ways and
Means, of which I am a member. Let it go
to that committee, and I will sign any report
I may bring in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. With tbe permission
of my colleague, [Mr. Wentworth, ] I would like
to ask the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Price]
a question. I am informed that some of the
present officers of this road, under the new
regime, are residents of Canada. Is that so?
Mr. PRICE. If that is so I am not aware
of it. And I will take occasion to say, in this
connection, that although that might possibly
be true, even if it be so, I will say to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth,] and to
all others, that this Government, pays no money
to anybody until they have first expended their
own money to build this road. That is apoint
in this case which I do not wish this House to
forget. I do not know, nor do I believe, that
any of the directors of this road are residents
of Canada.
Mr. WENTWORTH. There it is again ; it
is "know-nothing" all around. [Laughter.]
Nobody knows anything except the men who
want this money.
Then "there is the little joker" again; "now
you see it, and now you don't see it." [Great
laughter.] Here is land, and there is money.
When you say anything about this bill they say
"there is no land in it;" and when you refer
them to that bill they say " there is no money
in it."
Mr. PRICE. That other bill was passed two
years n?o.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If there is no land
in this bill I would ask the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Price] what this third section means. I
will read it:
Sec. 3. And be it further cnaetcd, That the patents
for or lists of land granted to this company shall con-
vey tho fee-simple of said lands to said company in
the most full and complete manner, and that none
of the lands granted to said company shall bo subject
to anygcneral orlocal tax, for any purposcwhatever,
till alter two years from date of said conveyance.
Now, if there is no land in this bill, what
does that section mean?
Mr. PRICE. I suppose the gentleman
wants mo to answer that question, and yet I
can hardly think he does. He pretends to be
a lawyer, and for aught I know he is a very
good one. Does he not know the difference
between granting land to a company and car-
rying out the piovisions of a grant of land
long since made? There is no grant of land
in this bill, but only provisions for carrying
out a former grant to this compan}*" upon their
complying with certain conditions.
Mr. \\ J'A'TW OUTH. Now, Mr. Speaker,
the* gentleman stated that this had nothing to
do^ with public lands. I asked him why he
objected to this bill going to the Committee on
Public Lands, and his answer was that it con-
tained nothingin relation to publiclands. Now,
as the gentleman admits that it does relate to
public lands, T want to know whether he still
objects to the proposition to refer the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr._ PRICE. I do not admit any such thing.
The bill does not contain the grant of an inch
of land; and any gentleman who will read it
must see that it does not.
