■1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2187
Mr. WENTWORTH. Does the gentleman
mean the bill or the charter?
Mr. PRICE. I mean the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Well, this is only
another illustration of "now you see it, and
liow you don't." [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think this is one of the
most important bills coming before the House
this session. There is not, an individual in this
House who will go further than I will to secure
the object which this bill professes to seek.
But.before I vote to give away this large amount
of money, I must know how it is to be expended,
and who is to have charge of the enterprise.
I know that men when they get into these cor-
porations very often ''water' the stock, sell
out at an advance, and some irresponsible per-
sons come in as stockholders. 1 want to know
what responsible men are going into this enter-
prise. 1 want to know something about their
organization; I want to know the history of
the matter. I want to have something in the
shape of official documents. I would like to
have a report from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom I think this bill should be
referred. I move, therefore, that the bill bo
referred to the Committee on Publio Lands.
I shall not call for the previous question ; for
I hope that every member who desires to speak
on this subject will be allowed to do so.
Mr. HENDERSON obtained the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman from
Oregon [Mr. Henderson] yield to me a mo-
ment that I may report a bill from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means?
Mr. HENDERSON. I will do so.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill to amend an act entitled "An actio pro-
vide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes," approved June 30, 1804,
and acts amendatory thereof; which was read
a first and second time, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire that this bill shall
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and that it be made a
special order. I am willing to leave it to mem-
bers of the House to say what time will be most
convenient for its consideration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman from Vermont that he leave
the time indefinite for the present. That can
be fixed hereafter.
The SPEAKER. There are no special or-
ders in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union except the Indian appro-
priation bill, which the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations has stated he is not
ready to go on with.
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose that the country
is desirous to have as early action as possible
on this bill; and as it will take several days
to have the bill printed, I would suggest that it
be made the special order for Monday week.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. We had better fix
an earlier day.
Mr. 'MORRILL. I move, then, that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and be made a special
order for to-morrow week immediately after
the morning hour, and from day to day until
disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. As most of the members
will, I presume, desire a larger number of
copies of this bill than the regular number, I
move that ten thousand extra copies be printed
in pamphlet form.
The SPEAKER. That motion will bo re-
ferred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD AGAIN.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I ask the gentleman
from Oregon [Mr. Henderson] to yield to me
that I may ask the chairman of the Pacific
Railroad Committee [Mr. Price] a question!
Mr. HENDERSON. I will yield for a
question.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I have before me a map
of the country through which this railroad is to
pass; and I ask the chairman of the commit-
tee whether he can tell us the character of the
land along the line of the road from the west-
ern boundary of Minnesota to the Bear's Paw
mountains.—a distance of seven hundred miles.
The remarks of the gentleman, as made a short
time ago, convoyed, as I understood them, the
idea that this is a beautiful country, and under
the operations of this railroad will be made to
" bud and blossom like the rose." I wish to
know whether I understood the gentleman
correctly.
Mr. PRICE. That region, I understand, is
a tolerably fair country; but I said nothing
definitely with reference to the character of
the country, because my knowledge of it. like
the knowledge of almost every other member,
is derived simply from the examinations and
reports which have been made. I presume
that in the course of the discussion information
as to the charactcr of that country will be
developed.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I want to ask one more
question.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe I must de-
cline to yield. The gentleman asks a question
that can only be answered in a speech, and not
in a minute. To tell the character of the land
through which this road will pass would require
an hour.
Mr. BURLEIGH. This road runs through
the Territory which I have the honor to repre-
sent on this floor. Now, during the month of
March last, when an appropriation was pend-
ing of §15,000 for surveying the lands m that
Territory, the gentleman opposed it on the
ground that the lands were not worth survey-
ing. I ask the gentleman whether he takes
that view now or whether he takes another
view.
Mr. PRICE. This is outside of that ques-
tion.
I will state, for the information of the House,
that the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
have now under consideration a general law
making the railroad companies to whieli lands
are granted jjay every dollar of the cost of
surveying.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I want to know why the
gentleman has changed his view in regard to
these lands.
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot yield any
further.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think the subject under
consideration is perhaps of more importance
than any which has come before the present
session of Congress. This measure is not only
a matter of scctional interest, but of interest
to all the people of the United States. It
is a matter, sir, of national importance. It
is not of slight moment. It affects the wel-
fare of this country to an extent with which
nothing else which has been presented thus far
for the consideration of this body will compare.
Before proceeding to rcmarkl'urtherin regard
to this road I will say that the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Wextwortii] is known to be a
m'an of great wit, and hence his vast display
of wit and eloquence to-day. But, sir, I con-
fess I fail to see any argument or reason in
what he has uttered. In my opinion he is on
both sides of the question. At the outset he
appeared to be opposed to the road, hut after-
ward he appeared to be in favor of it. I could
not help thinking of a class of politicians on
the Pacific coast who have been in favor all the
time of the Union, who have been in favor of
the Government of the United States, but who
at the same time always laughed and cheered
when they heard that the rebels had got the
advantage in any conflict.
So the witty points that he made were
cheered and laughed at by those who were
opposed to the road. The enemies of the road
were decidedly tickled and amused at the wit
he exhibited. I confess that if all the friends of
the road were like himself, it would be a long
time before we should ever have the road con-
structed. I say, deliver us from all such friends!
I could not help being surprised at the anxiety
which he manifested to have this bill referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. I could
not help being surprised that other men should
have an anxiety that this bill should be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, especially
when it is well known that the land has already
been donated to this company. This bill does
not propose to donate any lands. Then, wliy
send it to that committee? It must be simply
for the purpose of defeating the bill.
We know very well that delay often defeats
a measure, and that referring a bill has a tend-
ency to destroy it. I see no reason why any
gentleman should ask this bill should go to the
Committee on Public Lands unless it may ba
ultimately to defeat it.
If the bill asked for a grant oflands perhaps
it would be just and necessary to send it to the
Committee on Publio Lands; but the lands
have already been disposed of for eighteen
months or two years. I see, therefore, not the
smallest propriety in the reference of the bill
as suggested.
Mr. Speaker, there has been a good deal of
interest manifested as to the haste and hurry
we are in in reference to this bill. Why should
we be in such haste? Why should we be in a
hurry? The reason is this: men are ready to
go to work, hundreds and thousands of dollars
are ready to bo invested in labor upon this
road. But the company are not prepared to
go to work until this bill shall pass. If we
delay any longer it will be too late to go to
work this summer. It must be passed soon or
the work will be still further delayed. A few
weeks of delay will defeat the measure at least
for twelve months. It is important, then, that
a bill of such magnitude and in which so many
interests are involved should be passed imme-
diately. It is necessary for the purpose of
being able to send out the proper men that the
work may be commenced this year.
It is said these lands are given away. I want
to devote a portion of my time to that point.
I deny that the public lands are being given
away. There is no donation of the public lands
in it at all. There is a provisional transfer, or
I might say sale, of lands, but no donation.
The Government has millions of acres of land
lying there that have been lying there for thou-
sands of years, and which have been of no
benefit to anybody. And I say that without
the construction of this road they would con-
tinue to be of no benefit to anybody. Gentle-
men talk about a great sacrifice of land; mil-
lions of acres given away to speculating com-
panies 1 Sir, I deny the truth of any such idea
of its being a donation. Let us illustrate this
point by plain figures. Suppose my friend
here on the left [Mr. Wasiibvrxe, of Illinois]
owns a thousand acres of land 1> ing out on the
commons, unfeneed and unimproved, grown
up with briers, and which has become the den
of wild beasts; that land does him no good,
and it does no one else any good.
Now, suppose that a gentleman should make
a proposition to him of this kind, " If you will
give me half the land I will fence the whole of
it, I will sink a well so as to provide water,
and clcar off the brush so as to make your part
of it profitable to you.'' lie accedes to the
proposition, the bargain is completed, and this
land becomes worth to him, perhaps, five hun-
dred or one thousand dollars a year. Then
another man comes and says to him, in the spirit
in which gentlemen speak here, and asks,
'' Why did you give away that rich and produc-
tive land ?'' I say that it was a fair bargain and
sale, and when the individual complied with
the terms of the proposition, lie held it as hon-
estly as if he had paid $1,000 for it.
Now, let me say in regard to this donation
of land to the road that the land does not go to
the company until the road is built, and when
the road is built the value of the lands retained
by the Government will be increased at least
one hundred-fold. I ask any man to say whether
that is a gift. If the company builds the road,
