1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
122?
end of government; forwhatproperty have Tin that
which another may by right take, when he pleases,
to himselt ?•'—Locke's Civil Government, hook ii, ch.
7; ch. 14.
Mr. Hailam, commenting on tliis text, does
not hesitate to say, that,11 in substance ii charges
with usurpation all the established Governments
of Europe;" "that neither the Revolution of
1688northe administration of William III could
have borne the test by which Locke tried the
legitimacy of government." (Hailam, History
of Literature, vol. 3, pp. 545, 448.)
A later English writer, Mr. Tremenheere,
commenting also on this text, sets forth its two
propositions as follows: ''first, that a political
society can only be bound by the act of the
majority ; secondly, that taxation without rep-
resentation is tyranny.'' (Tremenheere, Polit-
ical Experience, p. 130.) Such are the two
propositions which this English writer finds in
Locke and which he cites for condemnation.
Thus, if we repair with Otis to the very source
from which he drew, we shall find that there
was no claim for communities merely but for
the individual man without distinction of color.
Mr. Bright, our English friend, in one of his
admirable speeches, only recently has furnished
an additional illustration. He lias brought to
light a resolution from no less an authority
than Lord Somep.s on an important occasion,
kindred to the present, when it was proposed
to disfranchise all who were not of the Estab-
lished Church, as it is now proposed to dis-
franchise all who are not of a certain color.
Speaking for the House of Lords, in confer-
ence with tho Commons, this great constitu-
tional lawyer thus insisted:
" The Lords allowing that no man can claim a
place by birthright, yet conceive that pivi/ut a vote
for representative in Parliament is the essential privi-
lege lekereby event Englishman preserve* his property,
anil that whatsoever deprive* him of such vote
deprives him ol' his birthright."
Here again is the very cry of Otis; and you
cannot fail to observe that the claim is not for
communities merely, but for "every English-
man'' without distinction of color.
Surely hero is enough on this head. But it
is said that litis claim is as applicable to women
as to men, especially where women are tax-
payers. To this I reply, that Locke, Somers,
Otis, and Franklin, in making this claim, did
not give to it any such extent, and the question
which 1 now submit is simply as to their mean-
ing in the words " Taxation without represen-
tation is Tyranny.'' Clearly their claim was
tor men, believing, a-, they did, that women
were represented through men; and it is hardly
candid to embarrass the present debate, involv-
ing the rights ol'an oppressed race by another
question which is entirely independent. In
saying that the claim was for men, I content
myself with the authority of Theophilus Par-
sons, afterward the eminent Chief Justice of
Massachusetts, who, in a masterly state paper,
known as the •' Essex Result," which was the
prelude, to the constitution of Massachusetts,
thus discloses the opinion of the Fathers on
this precise point:
"Every freeman, who hath sufficient discretion,
should have a voice in tiie election of his le^i.-ia-
tors. All the members of the State are ciuaiiticd t<j
make the election, unices thev have not sufficient < 1 i -.-
crction, or are so situated us to have no wills of their
own; persons not twenty-one years old are deemed
of the former class 1'iom their want of yeais and
experience. Women, what n<re soever_they are of,
are al.-o considered as not ha via;; a sufficient acquired
discretion; not trom a deficiency in their mental
per, el . but I'] '!n the natur:]! tenderness and delicacy
id their minds, their retired modeoi h!c, and various
domeshc duties. The-'e concurring in event that in-
tercourse with the world which is necessary to quality
them tor elector. Slaves are of tins lnlter class and
have no wills."—Parsons Life of L'h ief,Justice Parsons,
}>. 3Tti.
The reasons assigned for the exclusion of
women maybe very unsatisfactory; but they
show at least that the Fathers, when insisting
that taxation and representation must go to-
gether, did not regard women, any more than
minors, within the sphere of this commanding
principle. And here I leave this head of the
argument, concluding as £ began, thai you can-
not adopt the proposition now before the Sen-
ate without setting al deliance that, great maxim
of Constitutional Liberty, which was the rally-
ing cry of our Fathers. God forbid that there
should be any such outrage.
3. Proceeding with the dissection of this prop-
osition, I now exhibit it as a new form of conces-
sion to State Rights. Such it is plainly on its
face ; such it is in reality; and tho more you
examine it the more complete the concession
appears. Already it has been announced as
such by those who seek to commend it in quar-
ters of doubtful loyalty. Here, for instance, is
a speech of Hon. John E. King, claimant of a
seat in Congress from Louisiana, only a few
days ago, addressed to the Legislature of his
State, where, after calling attention to the pres-
ent so-called amendment, he thus exults in what
seemed to him the prospect of its adoption:
"Tho present Congress is proceeding to amend
without the eleven States that aro unrepresented in
that body. However, there is some good in all this evil.
If this amendment should pass, and tho Speaker said
that himself and colleagues had no doubt that it would,
it will settle forever the right, of tho States to legis-
late, each for itself, as to who shall bo the voters
therein."—New Orleans Delta, .February 13,1800.
Thus, while deprecating amendments to the
Constitution in the absence of the eleven rebel
States, the partisan of State Rights is reconciled
to the proposition now pending, inasmuch as it
is a triumph of this sectional pretension. Alas!
that now, at the close of a rebellion in the name
of State Eights, we should be considering calmly
how to give this pernicious heresy new sup-
port in the Constitution itself. From the be-
ginning State Kights have been used for oppres-
sion and wrong. The terrible war from which
we are emerging makes it an especial duty now
to restrain them, not to extend them.
Of course [ suggest no interference with the
just rights of the States. These belong to the
harmonies of the Union. But. in tho name of
Justice, I insist that nothing further shall be
done to invest the States with peculiar local
power. If'not taught by the lessons of the late
war, then bo taught, by tho principles avowed
at the vorv beginning of the Government.
Tho object of the Constitution was to ordain,
under the authority of the people, a national
Government possessing unity and power. The
Confederation had been merely an agreement
"between the States,'' styled "a league of firm
friendship.'' Found to be feeble and inopera-
tive, through the pretension of State Plights, it
gave way to the Constitution, which, instead of
a "league,"' created a "Union" in the name
of the people of the United States. Beginning
with these inspiring and enacting words, " We,
the people," it was popular and national. Here
was no concession to State Rights, bnta recog-
nition of the power of the people, from whom
the Constitution proceeded. The States are
acknowledged; but they are all treated as com-
ponent parts of the Union in which they are
absorbed, under the Constitution which is the
supreme law. There is but one sovereignty, and
that is the sovereignty of the United States.
On this very account the adoption of the Con-
stitution was opnoM'd by Patrick Henry and
George Mason. The first exclaimed, "thattliis
is a eon,olida,ted (iovernaiout. is demonstra-
bly el ear: the question turns on that poor little
thing ' We tho people." instead of the States."
The second exclaimed, " Whether the Constitu-
tion i - good or bad. it is a national Government,
and no longer a Confederation." But against
this powerful opposition the Constitution was
adopted in the name of the people of the Uni-
ted States. '1 hroughouf the discussions. State
Rights were treated with little favor. Madison
said, "The States are only political societies,
and never possessed the rights of sovereignty."
Gerry said, "The States have only corporate
rights." Wilson, the philanlhtopic member
from Pennsylvania, afterward a learned judge
of the Supreme Court of the United States and
author of the '' Leetmes on Law," said, "Will
a regard to State Rights justify the sacrifice of
the Rights of Men '? if we proceed on any other
iimudaiion than the last, oar benuiisg will
lie'tbev j ;■ solid ri. v I;,-.:;.-. Such vvore the
voice., at that '.vly b-nuie d iv. A. id now at the
end of an unparalleled war to abase State Rights,
we are asked to naturalize in the Constitution
a new provision confirming to the States an
odious pretension, shocking to the moral sense.
But the character of this pretension beloiigs to
another head.
4. Proceeding with the dissection of the prop-
osition before the Senate I now exhibit it, nqt
only as a concession to Slate Eights, which is
admitted by a Louisiana supporter, but, should
it be adopted, as the constitutional recognition
of an Oligarchy, Aristocracy, Caste tmd 'Monop-
oly, founded on color. All this appears on the
face; and as you examine the proposition, the
intolerable consequence becomes still more ap-
parent. Thus far we have been saved from such
shame. The proposition now before us assumes
that the elective franchise may be denied or
abridged constitutionally on account of race or
color, and thus sanctions the usurpation, thereby
investing those who deny or abridge it with ex-
clusive political control, without any regard to
their number, though they may be a minority
or oven a small fraction of the people. What,
sir, is this rancid pretension, if it be not an
Oligarchy, Aristocracy, Caste, and Monopoly,
founded on color, under the sanction of the
Constitution? It is all these together, having
beyond question the distinctive features of each
and the distinctive discredit of each—therefore
odious in government, odious in religion, odious
in economy, and altogether constituting an out-
rageous indecency beyond anything in any con-
stitution of which history makes record.
It is idle to say that this has been done
already in the States. It may have been done
in fact. But now you propose to give to this
criminal fact tho support of the Constitution and
lift it into perpetual vigor. Who can depict the
painful character of such a proposition, espe-
cially at this time, when the Republic is moved
by every sentiment of justice, honor, gratitude,
and self-respect, to boat down sueli a pretension
as vou would beat down Satan under your feet?
Already tho .country has been harassed and
degraded for generations by the Slave Power,
which was nothing but an Oligarchy, Aristoc-
racy, Caste, and Monopoly; and now, when this
Power has been overcome in battle it is pro-
posed to inaugurate it anew, with asiightchange
of name, but with the same field of action and
with the same malignant spirits to wield its
energies. By your concession it tyrannized be-
1'ote ; and now by your concession it will tyran-
nize again. The citizens whom it once trampled
on as slaves it will continue to trample on as
outcasts; and it will set up your permission
embodied in the Constitution itself; God will-
ing never by my vote.
5. Proceeding with tho proposition before
us, I denounce it as petrifying in the Constitu-
tion the wretched pretension of a while man's
G or eminent. At this moment, when we are
strikingthoword "white" from the statutes of
the United States; when this word has disap-
peared even from the Post Olliee laws ; when,
by a vote of the House of Representatives, this
word has been condemned in the laws regu-
lating the elective franchise in the District of
Columbia, it is proposed to insert its equiva-
lent in the Constitution itself. To exhibit this
shame is surely enough to cause you to tuin
away from it. Bo not say that it is not pro-
posed to insert it. What is the concession that
the elective franchise may be denied or abridged
"on account of race or color'' but an insertion of
the word " white" in the Constitution? Inthat
text, as it still stands, from the beginning to the
end, fiom tho Preamble to the signature of
Geeirge Washington, or the last word of the last
Amendment, there is no recognition of "color.
For the sake of decency, let us keep it so.
G. Proceeding still further with the pending
proposition, I denounce it as assuming what is
false in constitutional law, that color con be cc
qualification for an elector. The Constitution
savx that "the electors in each State shall have
the qualifications requisite for electors of the
most numerous branch ofthe Statela gislature."
ion what
Of course this leaves o;
is meant by "q ..iliiiea >ons. lint tins ,cor
must be interpreted in the light of the Consti
in-'
>rt>. • 
ijnt
d
