1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4107
violates the law, or neglects the requirements
of the law, the Comptroller of the Currency shall
have the opportunity to come in and take pos-
session of the assets of the bank, giving him
more full power than he has heretofore had to
save the public money, if it be a public deposi-
tory, and if not at least to save the money due
to the depositors, and also provide tliat the
circulation may be promptly redeemed. I hope
the amendment of the gentleman from Maine
will not be adopted.
Mr. LYNCH. I would call the attention of
the gentleman to section fifty of the currency
act, to which this section relates. As the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] has
said, it was the intention that this proviso
should apply. But he will find thatthe proviso
of section fifty does not apply to this section
at all.
The hour of four o'clock and thirty minutes
p. m. having arrived, the House took a recess
until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The hour of half past seven o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the House resumed its session.
leave ob absence.
Mr. O'NEILL asked and obtained leave of
absence for the remainder of the session for
his colleague, Mr. Thayer.
adam garlocii.
On motion of Mr. HOLMES, the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions were discharged
from the further consideration of the petition
of Adam Garloch, and the same was referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
assault on a member.
Mr. BANKS. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the order of the House relating
to the assault upon the member from Iowa
[Mr. Grixnell] be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
order. ov business.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the regular order
of business.
The House, pursuant to order, resumed the
consideration of business upon the Speaker's
table.
pouts of delivery.
The first business upon the Speaker's table
were amendments of the Senate to the bill of
the House No. G09, to constitute Omaha and
Nebraska City, in the Territory of Nebraska,
and St. Paul, in Minnesota, ports of delivery.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the bill with the
amendments be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE moved to reeonsidcr the vote by
which the bill and amendments were referred;
and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
certificates of registry to vessels.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was the amendment of the Senate to the bill
of the House No. 728, to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue certificates of
registry or enrollment and license to certain
vessels.
The amendment was as follows:
Add to the bill the following proviso:
Provided, That there shall be paid on each of said
vessels that arc foreign built a tax equal to the inter-
nal revenue tax upon the materials of construction
of similar vessels of American build.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the House concur
in the amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
peter anderson.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 70, for the relief of Peter
Anderson; which was read a first and second
time and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
reuben clough. '
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 171, for the relief of
Reuben Clough; which was read a first and
second time and referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
mrs. nancy a. stocks.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 358, granting a pension to
Mrs. Nancy A. Stocks; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Mrs. Nancy A. Stocks, widow of Reuben
Stocks, late a private in company IC, eight-
eenth regiment Illinois infantry volunteers, on
the pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, to commence from the 11th day of
June, 1863, and to continue during her widow-
hood.
Mr. ANCONA. I insist on the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
—ayes nine, noes not counted.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
william croswell.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 321) entitled "An act for
the relief of William Croswellwhich was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, proposes
to direct the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of William Croswell, of Boston, Mas-
sachusetts, on the roll of invalid pensioners at
the rate of eight dollars per month, the pension
to commence February 1, 18C5.
Mr. PERHAM. I move to amend the bill
by adding the words, " and said pension shall
be paid out of the naval pension fund."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERITAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
iiopestill bigelow.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 359) entitled "An act forthe re-
lief of Hopestill Bigelow, of New Market, New
Jersey;" which was read a first and second
time and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
abraham lansing.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the bill (S. No. 36G) entitled "An act granting
a pension to Abraham Lansing;" which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of Abraham Lansing, late a master's mate in
the United States Navy, on the pension-roll,
at the rate of ten dollars per month, to com-
mence from and after the passage of this bill
and to continue during his natural life; said
pension to be paid out of the naval pension
fund.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
drusey a. layman.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 376) entitled "An aet
granting a pension to Drusey A. Layman;"
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place upon the
pension-roll the name of Drusey A. Layman,
of Palatine, Marion country, West Virginia,
widow of Eugenius E. Layman, deceased, late
a private in company C, of the seventeenth
regiment of West Virginia volunteers, and al-
low and pay to her a pension of eight dollars
per month from the death of her husband on
the 13th day of January, 1865, to continue dur-
ing her widowhood.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN PYLE.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 390) entitled "An act grant-
ing a pension to John Pyle; " which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read at length, directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of John Pyle, late a sergeant in company B,
one hundred and fifth regiment Indiana militia
volunteers, on the pension-roll, at the rate of
fifteen dollars per month, to commence from
and after the passage of this bill, and to con-
tinue during his natural life.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that this bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and on that motion I demand the previous
question.
Mr. PERHAM. I desire to state that the
Committee on Invalid Pensions have had be-
fore them substantially the same bill, and are
in favor of its passage. I ask that the report
be read.
The Clerk read the report.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I hope
that this bill will not be referred. I trust that
my colleague [Mr. Ancoka] will withdraw the
motion.
Mr. ANCONA. I cannot withdraw it. Let
us take the same course with these Senate bills
that the Senate has taken to-day with our bills
of a precisely similar character.
On the motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, there were—ayes
6, noes 55; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Ancona and Mr.
Perham.
The House divided, and the tellers reported
—ayes 9, noes 79; no quorum voting.
Mr. ANCONA. I withdraw the demand for
a division.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
W. B. KELHSY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 398, for the relief of W.
B. Kelley ; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to pay to W. B. Kelley,
late a second lieutenant in company P, first
regiment Kentucky cavalry volunteers, a pen-
sion, at the rate of fifteen dollars per month,
from the 31st of July 1863, to March 13,1865,
amounting to $291 50.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. PERHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bounties to coloked soldiers.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the following amendments of the Senate to
House joint resolution, No. 176 amendatory
of a joint resolution entitled "A resolution
