1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3147
coiiTt under the light of the sun. The section
reads:
, ICC
_   _ „ , _  ., under
the United States, or under any State, who, having
previously taken an oath, as a member ot Congress
or as an officer of the United States, or as a member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial officer of any State, to support the Constitution
of the United Sfates, shall have engaged in insur-
rection or rebellion against the s:nne, or given aid
and comfort to the enemies thereof. But Congress
in ay, by a vote of two thirds of each House, remove
such disability.
Remove what disability? The personal dis-
ability in each individual case, and not to re-
move the provision of the Constitution itself,
which is to stand for all time.
1 am satisfied to take this proposed amend-
ment as it is. I take it from the first word of
the joint resolution to the last syllable of the
proposed amendment.; and I give to the whole
a hearty ''amen,'' and I trust that the vote this
day will show that all the Union members of
this House here present are actuated by the
same sentiments which now inspire my bosom.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
in the very limited time allowed me on this
occasion I propose to call the attention of the
House more particularly to the fourth section
of the proposed amendment to the Constitution
of the United States. That section begins
with the enunciation of a very sound and whole-
some principle. It declares that •• the validity
of the public debt, authorized by law, including
debts incurred for payment of pensions and
bounties for services in suppressing insurrec-
tion or rebellion, shall not be questioned."
Possibly it might have been better never
to have mentioned this question at all. 'I he
sacred character of the public debt ought, never
to be called in question. It would have been
well if no man had anticipated that the time
could ever arrive1 when the United States
would repudiate its public debt. While, there-
fore, 1 give my hearty sanction to that propo-
sition T desire specially to call the attention of
the House to the remaining clause of the same
section. The first clause is ample, but the last
member of the section operates in the nature
of a proviso, limiting and restraining the pre-
ceding language, and amounting to direct and
open 'repudiation. The clause upon which I
base this assertion is the following :
But neither the United States nor any State shall
assume or pay any debt or obligation incuried in aid
of insurrection or rebellion against the United States,
or any claim tor the loss or emaneipation of anv
stave, hut ail such debts, obligations, and claims shall
bo held illegal and void.
Now, sir, this is an open repudiation of a
solemn statute of this Congress. I ask the
Clerk to read a portion of the twenty-fourth
section of an act approved February j!4, 1801,
entitled ''An act, to amend an act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces."
The Clerk read as follows :
"That all able-bodied male colored persons between
theaiesof twentvandfoity-fivovears,residentm the
United State, shall be enrolled according to the pro-
vision* of this act, anil of the net to which this is an
amendment, and form a. part of the national foi ces ;
and when a slave of a loyal master shall be dratted
and mustered into the service of the United States,
his master shall have n certificate thereof, and there-
upon such slave shall be lree; and the bounty ot .S100,
now payable by law for each drafted man, shall be
paid to the peison to whom such drafted [>':i or, wtis
owing service or labor at the time of his muster into
the service of the United States. The Secretary ot
War shall appoint a, commission in en eh of the slave
States represented in Congress, charged to award to
each loyal person to whom !l colored volunteer may
owe service a just compensation, not exceeding :>>00
for each ?ueh colored volunteer, payable out of the
fund derived fiom commutations; and every such
colored volunteer, on being mustcicd into the ser-
vice, shall bo free. And in all eases where men of
color have been heretofore enlisted, or have volun-
teered in the military service of the United States,
all the provisions ot this act, so far as the pay ot the
bounty and compensation are provided, shall, he
equally applicable as to those who may be herealter
recruited."
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. It will be
observed that this proposed constitutional
amendment provides that "all debts, obliga-
tions, and claims'' for the loss or emancipa-
tion of any slaves" " shall be held illegal atid
void." But the provision of the act of
which has just been read, provides in so many
words that a loyal man whose slave may have
been drafted shall receive a bounty of $100
that at the time such slave is drafted the master
shall receive a certificate, upon which he shall
draw the money. The next clause provides
that the owner of a slave volunteering in the
military service of the United States—for at
that period of the war it was of great impor-
tance to encourage volunteering—shall receive
compensation not exceeding $300.
I care but little about this question except
for the principle involved. We in Kentucky
liave suffered losses and are prepared to suffer
losses. But I present this question as a ques-
tion o'f good faith. The Governmcnthas given
this pledge to the owners of slaves who volun-
teered or were drafted into the Army of the
United States; and it is now proposed that this
pledge shall be disregarded and set at naught.
Gentlemen may say that this principle of
making compensation for slaves is all wrong;
but, sir, the law itself declares that it is a "just
compensation." The language of the act is:
" The Secretary of War shall appointa commission
in each of tho ?lh.ve States represented in Congress,
charged to award to each loyal person to whom a
eoloied volunteer may owe service a just compensa-
tion, not exceeding $'600 lor each such colored volun-
teer."
And then the act goes on and designates the
very fund out of which this compensation shall
be paid—the fund derived from commutations.
Here, then, is a vested,right acquired under
a law passed by this' Congress to encourage
volunteering and to recruit the nalional forces.
By this act the. faith of the nalion is pledged
that every loyal owner whose slave may have
volunteered or been drafted into the military
service of the United States shall receive what
Congress then termed a "just compensation
not exceeding SOW)." Yet by the constitu-
tional amendment now before us it is proposed
to repudiate this solemn pledge of the nation's
faith.
Now, sir, it is well to be a little cautious on
this subject of repudiation. We make no threats
on our part. We denounced the sentiment and
the very idea of repudiation, but here this very
article which proposes to declare that.tho pub-
lic debt shall be held inviolably sacred contains
a clause which in direct and open terms pro-
poses an utter repudiation of that very law
which provided for nothing but "just compen-
sation."
Under tho section to which I have referred
commissioners were appointed in Maryland
and Delaware, and progressed to some extent
with their work; but in Missouri and Kentucky
no commissioners have yet been appointed. It
is now proposed that this public debt—a debt
of record, acknowledged I o be just and valid—
shall be repudiated. Do you suppose, sir, that
good faitli can be thus violated, and those who
commit this violation escape in the future all
consequences of their act? It you stir up a
hornet's nest like this, may j ou not be stung
bv and by'.' The act which this Congress pro-
poses to do is palpably unjust, Congress itself
Jieiug the judge, and this proposed amendment
being the test.
There is no evasion. It is an open and direct
attempt at repudiation. I ask, sir, whether
there is any man from Missouri, Maryland,
Delaware, or Kentucky who will stultify him-
self by going for this amendment when ltrepu-
diates a recogni/.ed debt on the part of these
States. Dare you set an example of repudia-
tion ? If you do can you ever complain, should
it become the mad cry throughout the country?
If you give the example can you complain when
it comes to be followed? The people willsay,
when repudiation takes place, they are only
following your own example. Do you suppose
in the West, do you suppose in Missouri. Del-
aware, Maryland, and Kentucky, with ail the
burdens they have had to bear during the war,
they are going to be tributary to the northern
and eastern States? Do you suppose tliey will
continue to pay the heavy sluue imposed upon
them for the public debt when they are denied
a small compensation like this?
But as my time is limited, I will not dwell
further on that point. I warn gentlemen to
pause before they set such an example. You
are in power now, triumphantly so, but your
actions since you have been here seem to show
you are not satisfied that yon are going to con-
tinue in power. Set an example like this, and
can you complain of repudiation afterward?
In regard to this constitutional amendment
a great many things might be said. It is pro-
vided in the first section that all persons born
or naturalized in the United States, and sub-
ject "to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of
the United States and of the State wherein
they reside. No State shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or
immunities of citizens of the United States;
nor shall any State deprive any person of life,
liberty, or property without due process of
law, nor deny to any person within its juris-
diction the equal protection of the laws.
And the last section provides that CongreS
shall h^ve power to enforce by appropriate
legislation the provisions of this article. This
at onee transfers all powers from the State
governments over tho citizens of a State to
Congress. You will see that it is only a prep-
aration for an interntfnable copfiict between
the Federal and State jurisdictions. We
know what the result of this will be, for we
have already seen it tested. Will not Congress
then virtually hold all power.of legislation over
your own citizens and in defiance of you?
But how does this agree with the memorable
language of the Chicago platform, which de-
clares 111 so many words that " the right of each
State to order and control its own domestic
affairs according to its own judgment exclu-
sively is essential to that balance .of power on
which the perfection and endurance of our
political fabric depend?" This amendment i 
in direct contravention of that platform, be-
cause it transfers to Congress from the States
all power of control over their own citizens.
Let me tell you, you arc preparing for revolu-
tions after revolutions. They may be peace-
ful, and I hope tliey will. I warn you there
will be no peace in Ibis country until each State
be allowed to control its own citizens. If you
take that from them what care I for the splen-
di^l machinery of a national Government? My
constituents are able to judge of their own
wants, but you propose to take this power
from them and to transfer it to Congress, and
to let Congress judge of their wants and what
legislation should be enacted for their govern-
ment.
I think I should be sustained by high author-
ity if I were to announce that this amendment
is a mere political platform, and that it is not
approved'by many who will vote for it, because
they do not believe it ought to pass._ It is a
mere platform upon which the party is to go
before the country to fight, the political battles
of next fall. I should have high authority if
I w ore to say that those who vote for these eon-
stitntional amendments were opposed to them,
and that tliey are about to go before the coun-
try with them masked and veiled in hypocrisy
and deceit. We have heard from the gentle
man just now, in regard to the third section,
that the heart and core of the whole matter is
gone.
But further than that. The Senator [Mr.
SifEitMAx] who was referred to by the gentle-
man who first addressed you to-day, set out in
his speech by saying;
"T shall detain the Senate but for a moment to
explain the reasons for the vote 1 shall give m oppo-
sition to what is mv own deliberate judgment on the
question now ponding1." * " .
"This proposition is simple, plom. and obvious;
and yet under the necessity in which wc are now
| placed, I shall feel called upon to vote against it.
I And then, after making further comments,
I he uses this language in regard to the amend-
! meiit which he is going to vote against:
" That is a plain and obvious principle, and if that
j principle was adopted, the southern States would feel
i no local jealousy. They could not feel any."
I , . ' < . •}••'• J. s s
"Although my opinion is ns clear as it canbeupon
;i any subject that this amendment is right m itseli,
