164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
must have it.? So, then, because of your pas-
sionate desire to drag a State to heaven you
would let its people'plunge in the other direc-
tion.
There are those among us who seem really
to believe that we have been fighting these ter-
rible battles expressly to uphold the govern-
ments of the several States. I did not -under-
stand such to be the purpose of the war. If I
had so understood it I should have compre-
hended the significance of Earl Russell's criti-
cism. "I understand," said he, "how you
may lead a horse to the brook, but I do not un-
derstand how you can make him drink.K As
much as to say, "I know the United States
may overcome resistance to its Government,
but I do not see how the rebels can be made to
maintain State governments."
Mr. President, the Constitution does not com-
mand any portion of the American people to
maintain the organization of a State. It. per-
mits such organizations only. I repudiate the
whole theory that there is any political neces-
sity requiring the people of any district, to be a
State against their will. I stand upon the doc-
trine, and I want the American people to un-
derstand it, that it is a high political privilege
to be an American State. It is a privilege
which California had to struggle hard to obtain;
and I do not believe this nation would have
voted $3,000,000,000 and sacrificed two hun-
dred thousand lives to force upon South Caro-
lina and her confederates privileges which were
so reluctantly yielded to California. For one.
I would not have consented to sacrifice a man
or a dollar for such a purpose. I understood
the purpose of the war to be notio maintain the
governments of the several rebellious Stales,
but to defend the Government of the United
States. Aw such I stood by its prosecution: as
such I stand by its results.
A State is a public corporation. It has lim-
ited powers of government. The exercise of
those powers by some one is necessary to the
welfare of its citizens, and therefore to "the wel-
fare of the nation. If it utterly refuses to ex-
ert them it defeats the purposes of its being, and
the common welfare requires the national o re-
6um_e them. It is charged with duties also,
and if' it persistently disregard those, or willfully
persist in the exercise of powers not intrusted
to it,, it may thereby forfeit its right to being,
and the common welfare and the common
safety may require the nation to resume its
prerogatives.
But it is not every neglect of duty nor every
usurpation of power which will justify the re-
sumption of the franchises of a State. The
Constit utiou declares '' that no State shall make
anything but gold and silver coin a tender in
payment of ee be;.'' But suppose the Legisla-
ture of Massachusetts should provide by law
that bank notes should be a tender in payment
of debts. Such an enactment would not justify
the nation in denying to her a representation
in Congress, or in depriving her of the functions
really belonging r„ a State. Such a remedy is
needless, and therefore unjustifiable. The courts
could afford ample protection against such an
act. and r.o detriment eouhl arise from it.
But the Constitution also declares that "no
State shall enter into any treaty, alliance, or
confederation.Suppose the State of Texas'
does negotiate an alliance with Maximilian, bv
which she engages to furnish a given number of
troops, her whole military strength, indeed, to
support him in his enterprise against the re-
public of Mexico? "What is the remedy for
that violation of the supreme law? You may
say her people are not bound by the compact.
But suppose they are consenting to it? Sup-
pose they demand it? Suppose they choose
their Governor and Legislature for the express
purpose of making it? Pappose her whole mi- -
iit.ia force is officered and trained with the view '
of supporting the alliance? ' I
Vv iue is your remedy? \ on say the compact >
is iilegai : so ■ t ! , \ou may say that in law it '
is null: so indeed it is, but in fact it is none the '
less mischievous. If' your courts could iet.
jurisdiction of the compact they would doubt- i
less declare it null and void. But how is a
court to get jurisdiction of a contract against
which neither party complains, but- to which
both parties arc resolved to adhere? You may
enact laws, perhaps, for punishing criminally
State officers who shall thus offend against the
supreme law; but when you have punished the
officers you have not terminated the compact.
You may picket with your army the whole
border of Texas to prevent the egress of troops
or munitions of war; but can you prevent un-
armed citizens from crossing the boundary of a
State? And if you can, can your picket guard
tell whether the traveler he halts on the line is
from Texas or from New York? But suppose
you could by sleepless vigilance and boundless
expenditure prevent all the citizens of Texas
from crossing into Mexico, that is not the mis-
chief against which you have most to guard. It
may not much harm the nation that citizens
from Texas go into Mexico and shoot, or get
shot: but it docs harm the nation that the whole
municipal authority of a State is lodged in tri-
bunals pledged to the support of an alliance
which the Constitution forbids, and to the prose-
cution of a design which may involve the na-
tion in a foreign war. 11 does harm the nation
that a peojjle and government so compromised
by a compact which the supreme law condemns
should still be allowed to appoint representa-
tives to participate in the enactment of your laws,
and to sit in the secret councils of this Senate,
to supervise treaties, perhaps, which have been
negotiated with Mexico herself. Is the Govern-
ment of the United States helpless against saeh
perils?
1 put another case. The Constitution eon-
tains this provision:
"The Senators ami Representatives before men-
tioned, and the member's of thv several  <rate Legis-
latures.^and all exeeum e ami judicial ofhcei?, both
oft hu United State.-, and  >t the several State-*, i-hall
Ue lioimd by oath or affirmation to support this Con-
stitution."
That is the_ supremo law. as every part of the
Constitution is.
The nation forbids that any part of the au-
thority vested in the several States shall be
wielded by any agent who is not bound by oath
to support the authority of the nation. The
Constitution expressly exacts of the President
that •• he shall take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed." And each incumbent thereof,
before he enters upon the execution of his
office, must solemnly ear that he will faith-
fully di.schaige that duty, lie must then see
that the Governor and every other officer iu
each State take the oath of allegiance to the
national Government. How will ho do it?
How shall this law be enforced ? The Presi-
dent has no methods or means for enforcing
the laws but writs and armies. Marshals and
major geneials are his forces. But thev are
not forces in the use of which the President
has an option. When the marshal can do the
work there is no use for the major general.
I mean to say, and I want it heard by all
whom it may concern, that wherever the mar-
shals of the L nited Slates can execute the writs
of the United States, there is no work for an
army : and an army cannot actively be employed
in the execution of municipal law.- But when
the marshal is resisted by force, force mav be
employed to overcome the resistance; so much
force as is needed for that purpose—the posse,
if that will suffice; the Ariuy. if that be neces-
sary ; the whole military resources of the na-
tion and the whole enginery of war if the exi-
gency requires them. But what writ will you
employ to make the Governor of Virginia take
the oalh to support, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, in case he i« determined not to take
it, and the people of Virginia are determined
their officers shall not be hound by such oath?
This question is not speculation. j
f remember, Mr. President, when you offered
a resolution in the executive session of 1801 :
to exnei a member of this Senate because he j
declared upon this floor that lie owed no alle-
giancoto the Government of fhe Unifed States.
Ijie resolution w-as opposed by a Senator from j
\ irgtnia. In the course of his remarks he went !
on to explain how and why his allegiance was
pledged to Virginia, and* not to the United
States. I quote from his remarks the following:
"The oath of allegiance in Virginia,to betaken by
all those who arc admitted in any way to a. participa-
tion in the political poiver of the State, is this:
'"I declare myself a citizen of fhe Commonwealth
of Virginia, and solemnly swear that I will bo faith-
ful and true to the said Commonwealth, and will sup-
port the constitution thereof so long as 1 continue to
be a citizen of the same.'
"'I will be faithful and true to the, paid Common-
wealth'—that is allegiance. Am I to be told by the
Senator that we have a divided allegiance, that we
can owe allegiance to two sovereigns? Am I to be
told by the Senator that when I come here as a rep-
resentative from a sovereign State I put off my alle-
giance and put on a new Sfarb, and not to a sov-
ereign, but to a mere agency?''—CongrowionalGlobe,
second session Thirty-Sixth Congress, part two, page
1419.
When, then, a State binds her officers by the
most solemn oaths to allegiance to herself, and
forbids their taking the oath prescribed by the
United States, what is your remedy? Clearly,
neither writs nor armies can supply a remedy.
But cannot this law be enforced ?
^ Must we permit the municipal authority of
Virginia to be administered by officers who
persistently defy the Constitution? Must we
admit to the counsels of this Chamber Senators ■
appointed by a Legislature who refuse to take
an "oath to support the Constitution of the
United States ?
Sir, we have been diligently taught from our
youth up that the Government of the United
States is a Government of delegated powers;
that no power not delegated to it can be right-
fully exerted by it. I admit the doctrine. I
have adhered to it all my life, and I abide by it
to-day. But 1 ask the country to comprehend
at last the extent of the powers which are
delegated.
Among the powers delegated to this Govern-
ment are not only the power to levy taxes, to
borrow money, to regulate commerce, to coin
money, to establish post offices and post roads,
to declare war, to make treaties and alliances,
to raise armies and maintain navies, but there
is also this other power:
" To malse all laws which shall be nceessary and
proper for carrying into execution the foregoing
powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-
tion ill the Government of the United States or in
any department or officer thereof.''
If, then, the supreme law commands the offi-
cers of a State to be bound by oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, and if the
President be authorized to enforce that law,
how is authority for making any law necessary
and proper forks enforcement? What conceiv-
able law is so necessary and proper for that
purpose as a simple enactment, which declares
that, since \ irgiuia will not require her oflicers
to take the oath prescribed to the officers of
every State, Virginia shall notbe a State: since
her people will not elect officers who will take
the oath of allegiance, this Government may
appoint officers to administer her municipal
affairs: since she has no Legislature whose
members are .qualified as the Constitution pre-
scribes, her Legislature shall not send members
to this Senate ; since she abjures the obliga-
tions imposed upon her by the Constirution, she
shall forfeit the privileges conferred upon her by
the Constitution?
Sir, I know of no remedy so complete as such
a law would afford, and therefore I can conceive
of no law so necessary and so proper.
But this, we are told, is in effect a dissolution
of the Union by act of Congress. Dissolution
of what Union? Dissolution of the Union of
the States under a compact? We have had no
such Union since 1787. Before that time we
had just such a Union. But then we formed
a "'more perfect Union." A more perfect
union of what? Of States? No, there could be
no more perfect union of States than we had
under the Confederation. But in 17S7 we formed
a Union, not of States, under a compact, but
of the people, under a Govern men! .
From that Union there is no withdrawal ex-
cept when the citizen withdraws his allesianee,
and the citizen can only wit hdraw his allegiance
by withdrawing his domicil, not merely beyond
