8148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
Both branches of it, yetas wcwere compelled to unite
on some measure—am! we mit< all yield some of our
opinion? upon various questions involved—'there a,re
five sections in this proposed articlo—I fool bound to
vote asainst this amendment offered by the Senator
from Wisconsin, though in mj' judgment it*wanfd do
more than any other to heal thediffreatti-es by which
wc are surrounded."
There is an open confession that he is about
to vote against an amendment which he enter-
tains no doubt would do more to heal oaf dif-
ficulties than anything elsei
Now, sir, no man can excuse himself for a
thitig of that kind; and -while I admire the hon-
esty of his confession, that he is doing it for
party and political purposes, yet 1 utterly detest
the odious principle that ho avows for mere
party purposes.
I ask the attention of the House to an extract,
from another speech, and, mark yon, 1 am not
now offering you " copperhead'' testimony.
The extract is from a speech made by one of
Jour great northern lights, the celebrated Wen-
dell Phillips. I ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk road as follows:
41 Mr. Phillips hoped the Senate's amendment of the
reconstruction plan would meet with an ignominious
defeat, and that Massachusetts would reject it. He
would welcome every Dcniocrat and eoppeihead vote
to help its defeat. He would sjo a step further and
said, ! hope that the Republican party, if it goes to
the polls next tall on this basis, will be defeated. If
thi.i is the only thins that the party has to offer, it
deserves defeat. The Republican party to-day seeks
only to save its life. God errant that it may lose it 1"
a s i r * i 1 -1
"The Republicans l"> to the people in deceit, and
hypocrisy, with their faces masked and their convic-
tions hid; 1 hope to'God they will be defeated! I
want another serenade, not only to uncover the hid-
den sentiments of a Cabinet, but to smoke out Iho
United States Semite, that we may see how many of
them i an^o bv the side of Sumner, Ben. Wade, Judge
Kelloy, and Thad. Stevens."
Mr. 1IAUUING, of Kentucky. _ Ay, sir,
some of iho men named there have since given
way and fallen, and are no longer on Phillips's
loy.il list. As I said, sir, 1 am not reading
southern testimony, or the testimony of cop-
perheads; hut from this groat northern light,
the mail who has done more for the Republi-
can party than any other man in the country.
Ho was raised among them ; he has affiliated
with them; and he cannot be deceived as to
their purposes. He charges that this Repub-
lican party is going before (he country wearing
a mask of hypocrisy, with its visage masked,
and that its object is not to amend the Consti-
tution, but, a.s Senator Siikrman sayti, to save
the life of the Republican party; and he says,
"find grant they may lose it!" Now, sir, 1
caimot call in question such authority as this.
He must know what lie is talking about, and [
have hail read to you what he. hays.
| Here the hammer full. J
Air. HTK \" K.NS. I now, sir, move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
KNUOIJ.BO nn.L A Nil RESOLUTION SKSNHD.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the commit-
tee had examined and found truly enrolled
an :iet (S. No. 3-K) for the relief of Mrs. Abi-
gail Ryan, and joint resolution (S. R. No. oil
respecting bounties to colored soldiers, and
the pensions, bounties, and allowances to their
heirs; when the Speaker signed the same.
RKCON.STKUC'nOX—-AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, f do not in-
tend to detain the House long. A few words
will suffice.
We may, perhaps, congratulate the. House
and tire country on the near approach to com-
pletion of a proposition to be submitted to the
people for the admission of an outlawed com-
munity into the privileges and advantages of a
civilized and free Government.
When I say that we should rejoice at such
comjHetion. I do not thereby intend so much
to express joy at the superior excellence of the
scheme, as that there is to be a scheme—a
scheme containing much-positive good, as well,
I am bound to admit, as the omission of many
•better things.
In my youth, in my manhood, in my old age,
I had fondly dreamed that when any fortunate
chance should have broken up for awhile the
foundation of our institutions, and released us
from obligations the most tyrannical that ever
man imposed in the name of freedom, that the
intelligent, pure and just men of this Republic,
true to thcif professions and their consciences,
would have so remodeled all our institutions
as to have freed them from every vestige of
human oppression, of inequality of rights, of
the recognized degradation of the poor, and
the superior caste of the rich. In short, that
no distinction would be tolerated in this puri-
fied Republic but what arose from merit and con-
duct. This bright dream has vanished "like
the baseless fabric of a vision." I find that we
shall be obliged to be content with patching up
the worst portions of the ancient edilice, and
leaving it, in many of its parts, to bo swept
through by the tempests, the frosts, and the
storms of despotism.
■ Do yon inquire why, holding these views and
possessing some will of my own, I accept so
imperfect a proposition ? 1 answer, because I
live among men and not among angels; among
men as intelligent, as determined, and as inde-
pendent as myself, who, not agreeing with me,
do not choose to yield their opinions to mine.
Mutual concession, therefore, is oar ouly resort,
or mutual hostilities.
We might well have been justified in making
renewed and more strenuous efforts for a better
plan could wo have had the cooperation of the
Executive. With his cordial assistance the rebel
States might have been made model republics,
and this nation an empire of universal freedom.
But he preferred "restoration" to " reconstruc-
tion.' ' lie chooses that the slave Stales should
remain as nearly as possible in their ancient
condition, with such small modifications as he
and his prime minister should suggest, without
any impertinent interference from Congress.
He anticipated the legitimate action of the
national Legislature, and by rank usurpation
erected governments ill the conquered prov-
inces ; imposed upon them institutions in the
most arbitrary and unconstitutional manner;
and now maintains them as legitimate govern-
ments, and insolently demands that they shall
be«'epresented in Congress on equal terms with
loval and regular States.
'To repress, this tyranny and at the same time
to do some justice to conquered rebels requires
caution. 'The great danger is that the seeeders
may soon overwhelm the loyal men in Con-
gress. The haste urged upon us by some loyal
but. impetuous men ; their anxiety to embrace
the representatives of rebels; their ambition to
display their dexterity in the use of the broad
mantle of charity; and especially the danger
arising from the' unscrupulous use of patron-
age and from the oily orations of false prophets,
famous for sixty-day obligations and for pro-
tested political promises, admonish us to make
no further delay.
A few words will suffice to explain the
changes made by the Senate in the proposition
which we scut them.
The first section is altered by defining who
are citizens of the United States and of the
States. This is an excellent amendment, long
needed to settle contlieting decisions between
the several States and the United States. It.
declares this great privilege to belong to every
person born or naturalised in the United States.
The second seel ion lias received but slight
alteration. I wish it had received more. It
contains much less power than I could wish ;
it has not half the vigor of the amendment
which was lost in the Senate. It or the prop-
osition offered by Senator Wade would have
worked the enfranchisement of the colored
man in half the time.
The third section has been wholly changed
by substituting the ineligibility of certain high
offenders for the disfranchisement of all rebels
until 1870.
This 1 caimot look upon as ail improve-
ment. It opens the elective franchise to such
'1 as the States choose to adifiit. In my judg-
ment it endangers the Government of the
country, both State and national; and may
give the next Congress and President to the
reconstructed rebels. With their enlarged
basis of representation, and exclusion of the
loyal mefi of colof from the ballot-box, I see
no hope of safety unless in the prescription of
proper enabling acts, which shall do justice to
the freedmen and enjoin enfranchisement as
a condition-precedent.
The fourth section, which renders inviolable
the public debt and repudiates the rebel debt,
will secure the approbation of all but traitors.
The fifth section is unaltered.
You perceive that while I see much good in
the proposition I do not pretend to bo satisfied
with it. And yet I am anxious for its speedy
adoption, for 1 dread delay. The danger is that
before any constitutional guards shall have been
adopted Congress will be flooded by rebels
and rebel sympathizers. Whoever has mingled
much in deliberative bodies must have observed
the mental as well as physical nervousness of
many members, impelling tliem too often to
injudicious action. Whoever has watched the
feelings of this House during the tedious months
of this session, listened to the impatient whis-
pering of some and the open declarations of
others ; especially when able and sincere men
propose to gratify personal predilections by
breaking the ranks of the Union forces and
presenting to the enemy a ragged front of
stragglers, must be anxious to hasten the result
and prevent the demoralization of our friends.
Hence, I say, lei us no longer delay ; take what
we can get now, and hope for better things in
further legislation; in enabling acts or other
provisions.
I now, sir, ask for the question.
The SPEAKER The question before the
House is on concurring in the amendments of
"the Senate; and as it requires by the Consti-
tution a two-thirds vote, the vote will be taken
by yeas and nays.
Mr. DEPREES. I ask the consent of the
House to print some remarks upon this ques-
tion, which I have not had an opportunity of
delivering.
No objection was made, and- leave was
granted. [The speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the same privilege.
No objection was made, and leave was
granted. [The speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
The joint resolution as amended by the Sen-
ate is as follows;
Joint resolution proposing nil amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
liemlticd bv the Senate end limine of Reprcvntatives
of the Umtcd S'tatei of Amei'iea in Conr/resi ahneiabled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,J That the fol-
lowing article he proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United Slates, which, when ratifieel by three
fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid as part of
tho Constitution, namely:
Article —.
Sr.o. 1. All persons horn or naturalized in the Uni-
ted States, mid subject to the jurisdiction tliercof,%re
eiti/cns of tho United States and of the State wherein
they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law
which slni.ll abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of tho United States; nor shall any Sfato
deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, with-
out due process of law, nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the equal piotection of the In '.vs.
Sec. llepresentativesshall be apportioned anions
the several States according to their respective num-
bers, counting the whole number of persons in each
State, excluding Indians not taxed. Rut when the
ri^ht to vote at any election for the choice of elect-
ors for President and Viec President of the United
States, Representatives in Congress, the executive
and judicial officers of a. State, or the membel-s of the
Legislature thereof, is denied to any of tho male
inhabitants of such State, being twenty-one years
of age, and citizens of the United States, or in any
way abridged, except for participation in rebellion
or either crime, the basis of representation therein
shall be reduced in the proportion which the number
of such male citizens shall bear to the whole number
of male citizens tweniy-one years of ago ill such State.
Sec. .3, jNo person shall be a Senator or Represent-
ative in Congress, or elector of President and Vice
President, or hold any office, civil or military, under
the United States or under any State, who, naving
previously taken an oath as a. member of Oonarcss,
or as an officer of the United States, or as' a, member
of any State Legislature, or as an executive or judi-
cial otficer of any State, to support the Constitution
