2188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
and by so doing increases the value of the Gov-
ernment lands one hundred per cent., is that
a gift of the lands? Is it a donation? Is it
a waste of the lands? No sensible man will
say that it is a gift, or a donation, or a waste.
It is a sensible investment; just such invest-
ments as this Government is in the habit of
making.
Gentlemen talk about wasting the public
lands. I am not surprised that some of my
friends from the Atlantic coast, who have
never seen much of the wilds of the West,
think these lands would be worth from one
hundred to three hundred dollars an acre ;
but the fact is, that these lands have remained
unsold for thousands of years, and we to-day
are offering them at $1 25 per acre, and can-
not get any price for them. And that state of
things will continue until a road is built by
which immigration can go to that region, and
the country be securcd from the savages.
Again, I say that the Government will not
have to pay a dime of interest. The Govern-
ment only lends its credit. Let us illustrate
this point, also. Suppose that a father desires
to assist his son to commence business, but,
from misfortunes, has no ready money on hand,
but has credit at the bank. He draws his
notes for $10,000, and hands them to his son,
and says to him, "Hero are the notes; yon
can put them in the bank and do business
upon them, but you must refund the money
by the proceeds of your sales as rapidly as
■may be.'1
Now, suppose the son to be successful; lie
meets his father's notes when due: is there any
money paid; in the lather called upon to pay
that $10,000? Not at all. lie had no $ 10,000
to pay; but ho had credit, and that credit
enabled (he son to go successfully into busi-
ness. And, sir, this company docs not ask the
Government to advance ?(i0,000 or any other
sum, but simply to guaranty interest at six per
ni., which would only become due when
twenty-live miles of tho road are completed.
Then I he inlerest un that amount is due ; but
one fourth of the gross receipts of Uie road
are to be immediately applied to paying that
interest. A outlier provision is, that tin; com-
pany can refund thai, money by transporting
the mails and munitions of war of the Govern-
ment; and there is no doubt that in a very few
years the Government would get back in trans-
portation all that it advanced.
Hut there is a third resource. The proceeds
of the sales of the. one half of tliesc lands, all
the lands lying on the south side of the road,
would refund to the Government all the money
it had paid.
JS1 r. Speaker, f have seen no man who has
passed over this route to the Pacific coast, either
going or returning, who opposes this measure.
Kverv man who has viewed the Pacific coast,
from San Francisco bay to Paget sound, under-
stands the nature and necessity of this road.
I know i hat many men seem to think that Pa-
get sound and San Francisco bay arc almost
immediately together, and I wish to say that
those two points arc one thousand miles apart.
There we have a coast of near two thousand
miles. \Vrc have (hero an agiicullural country
that if* unsurpassed in the world; we have a graz-
ing country that is unsurpassed in the world;
we have manufacturing facilities that are unsur-
passed in the world ; wo have one of the health-
iest climates and one of the loveliest countries
in the world, and it will necessarily settle up
\ erv rapidly: and when this railroad shall span
(com I ho lakes to the Pacific shores you will
then have sources of trade, travel, and com-
merce that v, i 11 astonish the world. There will
not only be a grand increase in the tide of com-
merce and travel from the Atlantic to the Pa-
cific. but it will also increase the wealth of the
Atlantic coast, for the trade from Asia to Eu-
rope must pass through their cities. I am,
therefore, in favor of this bill. I want this road
built in order that the starving men, women,
and children upon the Atlantic shore may have
the privilege of emigrating to the western shore
of the Republic. We want them there, not to
be subsisted by charity, but to labor. We seek
laborers there. We can feed and clothe half a
million men and women in that country. The
difficulty is to get them there. If this road
were built it would teem with emigrants to the
western shore, where they would find happy
homes and could secure an independence for
themselves and their children instead, of sub-
sisting on charity in a state of pauperism.
Mr. Speaker, I have not said anything in
regard to the magnificent gold mines that are
there in our country. I leave that part of
the subject to others. I feel less concerned as
to that particular matter than I do in that of
homes for men and women now destitute. I
see no objection to this bill, and I believe that
if we were to sit hero and talk for six months
there would be the same quibbling objections
made to it that we have heard here. I believe
that the bill is about as nearly perfect as we
can make one, and that it is a safe bill both
for the Government and for the company.
It has been intimated here that this company
has sold out once and may do it again. All I
have to say about that is that if they do sell out
I hope their successors will be better prepared
to execute this great work than they are, and
ij'so let them do it; we want this work done,
and we do not care who docs it so that it is done,
and well done.
Mr. Speaker, I most ardently desire to see
this work prosper. Wo feel that it is almost
the life of our Pacific coast to have a railroad
connecting it with thoAtlantic. J heartily favor
the Central Pacific railroad terminating at
San Francisco; but I want two roads, if not
three, constructed just as quickly as they can
possibly be.
One road could bo very arbitrary; it might
be. very tyrannical; but when there are two
roads we will have competition, which is said
to be the life of trade.
1 have hoard advanced in this House at this
session many arguments in favor of another
railroad to "the city of New York, ft is said
that we want two roads from Washington to
New York, both to run almost on the same
line. And why do they want two roads? In
order to secure competition.
>So we want two roads to the Pacific coast;
wo waul, competition on that line. And I firmly
believe that within five years of the time when
those roads will be completed cach of them
will be compelled to lay down a double track
in order to accommodate the business they will
have to perform. And let us have this road,
and the Southern road, and just as many roads
as men will build, without involving the Gov-
ernment in expense. And that is the character
of this bill.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, I regard the
subject now before the House as one of very
great importance. The measure itself has in-
trinsic merit; that is to say, the construction
of this road would be important and valuable
as regards the interests of the country.
But this bill is important independent of
that consideration. It is important because, if
passed, it will establish a policy which is to
have upon the nation an influence that I fear
will be disastrous to the country; an influence
and a power that the country is not able to
endure in the present condition of our finances.
i therefore propose to call the attention of
the House to some of the important features
of this subject, for I think it. necessary, and I
deem it important that we all should, without
reference to any interest except the overriding
interest of the country, bring our minds to the
consideration of this question.
In the first place, I desire to say to this
House that in July, 1864, an act was passed
incorporating certain persons under the name
of the Northern Pacific Railroad Company.
By tho terms prescribed in the eighth sec-
tion of that act the company was required
to commence the work on said road within
two years from the approval of the act. They
have not done so, (for -what reason I am
unable to say.) And now it is proposed, J will
not say invidiously, but I will say ingeniously,
to virtually exonerate this company from the
duty of commencing this road until it shall be
the pleasure of the company to commence it,
by providing that the institution of surveys,
&e., shall be considered equivalent to the com-
mencement of the work.
Now, the original corporators, or at least a
large portion of them, probably never knew
that they were named in the act of incorpora-
tion. But their names wereused, as the names
of men who are in public life are often used,
to give influence and character to what I re-
gard as from beginning to end a scheme of
public plunder. It is time to meet these ques-
tions, and to treat them as they deserve to be
treated if we would save this nation from
overthrow in its finances by those who are
seeking to deplete and to bleed the nation at
every pore and at every point where they can
get their hands into the Treasury. Tho name
of my friend and colleague, [Mr. JBixgiiam,]
was inserted in this charter, and yet I will ven-
ture to say he never knew it; I know he never
knew it. And I suppose others are in a like
situation in that respect.
As the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Went-
worth] says, there weresomeparties, however,
whose names were used, who did know it, arid
knew for what purpose they were used. They
went on, and progressing a little way they found
it necessary to sell out to a new band of specu-
lators. It is admitted here, I believe, by the
friends of the bill that the persons who origi-
nally organized under this charter have parted
with their interest; and a new swarm are now
pressing Congress for a new appropriation.
That is tho attitude in which thi^ thingis now
presented. I do not know any of the men con-
cerned ; I do not know who they were who
originally organized, But I undertake to say
that the fact is that those who originally organ-
ized this company have transferred it to another
set of men. And that is what I mean by the
new swarm that is here for more appropria-
tions, for more money. AVith their arms al-
ready in tho public Treasury, they want to run
them in further; nothing short of the elbow
will answer their purpose.
That is the way in which I view this trans-
action; and if I did not. deem the condition
of the country's finances such as to call upon
us to defeat this scheme of plunder, I do not
know bi?t that I should have remained silent.
I do feel, however, that it is time that we should
pause for consideration and should stop this
continual squandering of the nation's resources;
for we need them, and we may need them here-
after more than we do at present.
I have said that the first organization have
sold out, receiving as a bonus for tho charter
$150,000, as I am informed, and the purchasers
are hero for more plunder. This is the "new
swarm'' to which 1 have already alluded. Now,
I want to show the House what the company
received originally. By tho original charter
there were granted to the company forty sec-
tions per mile for all the distance of this road
through the Territories and twenty sections per
mile for all the distance through the States.
Now, for the purpose of showing this House
what these gentlemen themselves think is the
value of their original charter, I ask the Clerk
to read a paragraph from a pamphlet which I
send to the desk, entitled "An appeal to Con-
gress in behalf of the Northwest, in connec-
tion with the construction of the Northern Pa-
cific railroad and tclejraph, by A. iiamsey,
D. S. Norton, G. 11. Willi ains/7 and others.
The Clerk read as follows:
''The company'? lands amount to forty sections per
mile in tho Territories, and twenty sections per mile
in the States. On the supposition that the latter are
worth twice as much as the former, it may be said
that the equivalent of twenty sections per mil ft (on
the southerly side) the entire length of the line, is to
be set apaxt. fhrthe security of the Government. This
gives twelvp thousand eight hundred acres per mile,
which at $2 5U per acre, amounts to$32,000, about tho
average sum per mile on which tho proposed guar-
antee is to takeoffeet. Supposing, therefore, that the
company should sell six per oent. annually of these
lands, the proceeds of which aro to he paid into the
Treasury,sixtyper cent, wouldbo sold during the ten
years of the construction of the road, and this iter-
