1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1229
tenthly, how it shows forth in unmistakable
character as a Compromise of Human Rights,
the most immoral, indecent, and utterly shame-
ful of any in our history. All this you have seen,
with pain and sorrow, I trust. Who that is
moved to sympathy for his fellow-man can lis-
ten to the story without indignation? Who
that has not lost the power of reason can tail
to see the cruel wrong?
And now the question occurs, what shall be
done? To this I answer, reject at once the
pending proposition; show it no favor; give it
no quarter. Let the country see that you are
impatient of its presence. But there are other
propositions in the form of substitutes. For any
one of these I can vote. They may differ in
efficiency ; but there is nothing in them immoral
orshameful. There is, first, the proposition to
found representation on voters instead of pop-
ulation, and. secondly, the proposition to se-
cure Equality in political rights by constitutional
amendment or by act of Congress.
REPRESENTATION FOUNDED ON VOTERS.
The proposition to found representation on
voters instead of population was originally in-
troduced by me during the last Congress. _ Al-
most at the same time I introduced a series of
resolutions declaring not only tlie power but
the duty of the United States to guaranty re-
publican governments in the rebel States on the
basis of the Declaration of Independence, so
that the new governments should be founded on
the consent of the governed and the equality of
all persons before the law. _ Thus, while pro-
posing to found representation on voters I at
the same time asserted the power of Congress
under the Constitution to secure Equality in
political rights. The proposition with regard
to voters was much discussed during the recess
of Congress. At the beginning of the present
session it seemed to find favor. But at last
statistics were adduced tending to show that it.
would transfer power from eastern States to
western States in proportion to the excess of
females over males in the former; and this ab-
normal circumstance was made an argument
against it. Since then it has given place to the
offensive proposition now before the Senate.
The proposition to found representation on
voteis instead of population may be seen.first,
in what it does not do, and secondly, in what it
docs do.
Seeing it in whatit does not do, all will confess
that it does not carry into the Constitution iUelf
theidea oflncquality of Rights, thus defiling that
unspotted text; that it gives no sanction to the
acknowledged tyranny of taxation without rep-
resentation ; that it makes no concession to State
Eights, at a moment when we are recovering
from a terrible war waged against us in the name
of State Rights ; that it does not recognize an
Oligarchy, Aristocracy, Caste, and Monopoly,
founded on color; that it does not petrify in the
Constitution the wretched pretension of a white
man's Government; that it does not assume
what is false in constitutional law, that color
can be a "qualification'' for a voter; that it
does not positively tie the hands of Congress
in lixing the meaning of a Republican Govern-
ment, so that under the guarantee.' clause it will
be constrained to recognize an Oligarchy, Aris-
tocracy, Caste, and Monopoly founded on color,
together with the tyranny of taxation without
representation, as not inconsistent with such a
government; that it docs not positively tie (lie
hands of Congress in completing and consum-
mating the abolition of Slavery according to
the second clause of the constitutional amend-
ment; that it does not, install recent rebels in
permanent power over loyal citizens: that it
does not show forth in unmistakable character
as a Compromise of Human Rights, the most
immoral, indecent, and utterly shameful of any
in our history. All these things, so offensive to
the conscience and the reason, this proposition
does not do. In all these respects it is at least
blameless. _ .
On the other hand, without inflicting any
stigma upon the Constitution or upon the Re-
public, without abandoning any principle, with-
out making any concession to the States, with-
out tying the hands of Congress, and without
any Compromise of Human Rights, it does
rearrange the basis of representation, so as to
accomplish all that is proposed even by the
most sanguine supporters of the other propo-
sition, and it does this effectually without the
opportunity for evasion which is afforded by
the other proposition. The alleged inequality
in its operation, owing to the excess of females
over males in certain States, may make you
hesitate to adopt it; but better take represen-
tation founded on voters even with any such
alleged inequality, than do a grievous wrong.
Better even wrong yourselves than wrong
others.
Let me confess that I was tempted to this
proposition by the conviction that I was carry-
ing out the cherished idea of Massachusetts as
embodied in her own constitution. Accord-
ing to a recent amendment the representa-
tion in both branches of the Legislature is
founded on I; legal voters,'' and not on popula-
tion. Here are the words:
" A census of the legal voters of each city and town,
on the 1st of May, shall be taken and returned into
tlio offiee ot tile secretary of the Commonwealth."
"The enumeration aforesaid shall determmethe
apportionment of Representatives for the periods
between the taking ot the census."
" The House of Iteprescntatives shall consist of two
hundred ami forty members, which shall be appor-
tioned by the legislature, at its first session after the
return of each enumeration as aforesaid, to the sev-
eral counties of the Commonwealth, equally, as neurit!
as i/wij be, according to their relative numbers of legal
voter*, as ascertained by the nest preceding special
enumeration."
" The Senate shall consist of forty members, the
General Court shall, at its first session after each next
preceding special enumeration, divide the Common-
wealth into forty districts of adjacent territory, each
district to contaia, as nearly as man be, an equal number
of legal voters, according to the enumeration atore-
'' ilaeli district shall elect one Senator."
Obviously in adopting this rale Massachu-
setts has followed what seems to be a correct
]<i'i.neiple. Reprc^ontniivu government is an
invention of modern limes. It was unknown in
ant inuily. At hens was a democracy where the
people met in public assembly for the govern-
ment of the State ; but there was no represent-
ative body chosen by the people for this purpose.
The public assembly was practicable in thatage
as the State was small, and the assembly at no
time exceeded five thousand, citizens—a large
town meeting or mass meeting, we might call
it, which Milton has termed "the fierce democ-
racies' l>ut where the territory was exten-
sive and the population scattered and numer-
ous, there could be 110 assembly of the whole
body of citizens. To meet this piecise diffi-
culty the representative system was devised.
By a machinery, so obvious that we arc aston-
ished it was not employed in the ancient com-
monwealths, the people, though scattered and
numerous, are gathered, through their chosen
representatives, into a small and deliberative
assembly, where, without tumult or rashness,
they may consider and determine all questions
which concern them. In every representative
body, properly constituted, the people are
practically present. _ ...
If then the representative body is a substi-
tute for the people themselves, meeting in
primary assemblies, it would seem that if should
be founded upon the people who compose the
primary assemblies ; in other words, upon the
legal voters. Ordinarily there may be little
differencebetween the proportion of legal voters
and the proportion of population; hut strictly
the representative system is the agent of legal
voters, and therefore the logic of the case is
better satisfied if it be founded on legal voters
rather than on population. With me this is
no new idea. On another occasion in my own
State, T asserted it. Tins was in a convention
for revising the constitution of Massachusetts
as long ago as 1833. Pardon me if I read a
brief passage from a speech in that conven-
tion, not from any importance which I attach
to it. hut as showing how completely at that
time this rule seemed to me just:
"A practical question here arises, whether this rule
should be applied to the whole body of population,
including women, children, and unnaturalized for-
eigners, or whether it should be applied to those only
who exercise the electoral franchise; m other words,
to voters. It is probable that the rule would generally
produce nearly similar results in both cases, as the
voters, except in a few places, would boar a uniform
proportion to the whole population. But it will be
easy to determine what the principle of the repre-
sentative system requires. Since the object of the
system isto provide a practical substitute forthemeet-
ings of the people, it should bo founded in just propor-
tion on the numbers of those who, according to our
constitution, can take part in those meetings, that is.
upon the qualified voters. The representative body
should be a miniature or abridgment of the electoral
body, in other words, of those allowed to participate
in public affairs."—/Sumner, Recent Speeches, p. 217.
Speech on the Representative System, July 7,1853.
In this view I found myself supported by two
illustrious names in our history. Mr. Jeffer-
son, shortly after the victory at Yorktown had
rescued Virginia from invasion and secured
national Independence, prepared a draft of a
constitution for his native State, which expressly
provided that "the number of delegates which
each county may send shall be in proportion to
the number of its qualified electors, and the
whole number of delegates for the State shall
be proportioned to the whole number of quali-
fied electors in it." This proposition, which is
substantially the Rule of Three applied to voters,
was not adopted, but it still exists as a record of
opinion. Sometime afterward, in the debates in
the Con vent,ion which framed the Constitution,
Mr. Madison gave his authority to the same con-
clusion, as follows:
"It has been very properly observed that repre-
sentation was an expedient by which the meeting of
the people themselves was rendered unnecessary, and
that representatives ought, therefore, to bear a propor-
tion to the voters which their constituents, if convened,
would respectively have."—Madison, Debates, vol. 2, p.
1103.
Thus, representation founded on voters seems
to be commended by authority and principle.
Its adoption now would at least, give symmetry
to our national system and make the repre-
sent ative more precisely the embodied presence
of his constituents, while at the same time it
would tend to enlarge the suffrage and to_ har-
monize sectional pretensions with the national
will when exerted for Human Eights. If rep-
resentation were founded on voters the States
would care little if Congress should annul all
inequality in the elective frttaehise on account
of color.
EQUALITY IN POLITICAL EIGHTS.
But there are other propositions which to
my mind are more satisfactory, because they
reach the special necessity of the hour, and pro-
vide the only effectual remedy. Speaking in
the name of national j ustice and for the national
safety, they cannot be put aside with indiffer-
ence ; nor is it wise to say that any measure of
justice is not practical. I refer, of course, to
the propositions, in different forms, to secure
that Great Guarantee, Equality in political
rights, by constitutional amendment, or by act
of Congress, or by both.
A constitutional amendment which shall place
Equality of political rights under the safeguard
of a special text may be superfluous, but it is
not unconstitutional or immoral. It will be
supplementary to provisions already in the Con-
stitution, and will be in the nature of a declara-
tory statute removing all doubts and cavils.
It w ill be like an additional force in mechanics,
or like a rcenforcemcnt in the field. It will
be reduplication in a new form. On such an
occasion, where such a cause is in issue, I wel-
come every alliance; and such I regard the
proposition of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
IIdndersox.]
PROPOSITION TO SECURE EQUALITY BY ACT OP CON-
GRESS.
The other proposition, which looks to the
direct action of Congress under the existing
Constitution and its amendments, is obviously
the simplest and most practical, inasmuch as
it deals with the exigency promptly, frankly,
and according to the necessities of the hour.
It does not, undertake to act by indirection;
nor does it, postpone to an indefinite future
what cannot be postponed without detriment
to the Republic. Refusing to procrastinate it
saves all. Such a proposition is commended
by every argument of reason, humanity, and
patriotism. To say that it is not constitutional
