isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
the limits of a State, but beyond the limits of the
United States.
The Union which the Constitution ordained,
and which I champion,' is no close corporation,
monopolized by a few States more or less. It
is, on the contrary, a broad and national asso-
ciation of the people, coextensive with the
boundaries of the Republic, and holding under
its shelter the rudest hamlet on your remote
frontier no less than this magnificent marble
pile in which I now speak.
But we are told that only States can appoint
members of this Senate, and only the people of
States can choose members of the other House,
and that only States can appoint electors of
President and Vice President.
I admit it. And it is argued that if there
were no State governments there would soon
be no Government of the United States.
I admit it. And hence we are admonished
that if we admit the destructibility of the State
governments we do, in effect, admitthe destruc-
tibility of the national Government. Unqestion-
ably. Who doubts that the people of th e States
can destroy this Government? The people of
one State cannotdestroy it. That, 1 think, South
Carolina will admit. The people of eleven
States cannot do it. That, I hope, is settled.
But that the people of all the States can d-o it,
I do not think has ever been denied. They can
destroy it, too, without first destroying them-
selves.
Sir, is it not evident that if every elector in
Massachusetts should blow his brains out on a
given day there would be no one left to choose
her Governors and her Legislatures? And yet
■who would think of arguing that it was uncon-
stitutional to affirm that an elector could com-
mit suicide because it would argue the destructi-
bility of a State?
But the flag! We are pointed to the flag of
the Union; we are impressively told that it bears
. thirty-six stars, and that it "declares, in more
than words of living light, there arc thirty-six
States still in the Union;" and my colleague
asked the other day, with much emphasis and
fervor, if that was a truth or a "hypocritical,
flaunting lie." Nay, Mr. President, the stars
do not lie; only my colleague, I think, fails to
read them aright. If they asserted what my
colleague seems to think they do they would
not tell the truth. But, in fact, they make no
such assertion.
Sir, it was a law of my father's househol d that
the name of every child born to him should be
inscribed upon a certain page in the family Bible.
It was notprovided that when death removed one i
from the circle the name should be erased from
the record. And so it happens that the Book,
which is still extant, bears to-day the names
of eight brothers and sisters. But I know, sir,
I know full well, that only four of us are now
living.
So Congress enactedin April, 1818, that upon
the national flag there should be '' twenty stars,
white, in a blue field," and '1 that on the admis-
sion of every new State into the Union one star
he added to the union of the flag."
It was not enacted that when any State should
revolt against the authority of the nation, and
impiously raise its hand against its own life, a
star should be dropped from the Hag. And so
it happens that our flag, wherever it floats to-
day, flashes thirty-six stars in the light. But
they gleam there not in evidence that thirty-six
States still exist, but that thirty-six States have
been created.
Sir,"whatever may be thought of the right of
Congress to strike South Carolina from the roll
of States, 1 take it no one will seriously ques-
tion the authority of Congress to strike one or
all the stars from the flag; and what would then
be the testimony of the flag?
But the great argument against the doctrine
of the destructibility of the States is this : it is
urged that the States cannot be destroyed, be-
cause the law forbids it. Every suicidal act is
illegal, and is therefore null and void. Sir, I
believe the laws of Connecticut forbid murder.
Butif some near and dear friend of yours should
be waylaid, and have his throat cut from ear to
ear, and you should apply for letters of admin-
istration upon his estate, would you not be sur-
prised after you had marshaled in the probate
court the proofs of his death, to be gravely told
by the judge, "Sir, you are mistaken; your
friend cannot be dead; the law forbids murder.
The cutting of your friend's throat was clearly
illegal, and therefore null and void ?'' If South
Carolina had done nothing but adopt her ordi-
nance of secession no one would have urged
that she had thereby forfeited the prerogatives
of a State.
We would have been content to have the
courts pass upon its validity, and tliey would
have pronounced it invalid. But she did more.
Having declared her independence of the Uni-
ted States, she proceeded to have her officers
take an oath which bound them to resist the
Constitution instead of support it. And when
the local government had thus disqualified itself
for the exercise of any authority whatever, it
proceeded to usurp every power which the Con-
stitution denies to a State, and to abjure every
duty which the Constitution imposes upon a
State. And when she had thus revolutionized
her local government she proceeded to crush
out the Federal organs within her limits; to
take possession of her forts ; to convert her post
offices and post roads to her own use ; to shut
up her custom-houses; the judge of the United
States district court pulled down the national
flag from the court-house and hoisted the pal-
metto flag in its place; the judge of the circuit
court was excluded from the State, and I think
has not since seen the State; marshals resigned,
so that there was no officer who could serve the
writ of the United States, and there was no
Federal court in which the citizens of another
State could collect a debt that was due, or re-
cover a horse or a .ship that was torfciously con-
verted.
And then she planted her batteries opposite
one of your own forts, garrisoned by a handful
of your own troops, and for forty-eight hours
hurled (heir iron hail upon the walls until they
were said to resemble a honey-comb.
1 do not doubt but all this was illegal, but I
could not readily admit it was all a nullity.
If it was a nullity, wliat authority had this
Government for planting the "swamp angel"
off against Charleston and raining its iron mes-
sengers upon the city, or for sending Sherman
flaring through the State as if he were himself
the angel of retribution
Sir, the awful truth is, these acts wore not
nullities, but were great, unprovoked, unparal-
leled, atrocious crimes, by which every State
official forfeited not only the franchise of his
office but his life, and by which every citizen
who participated iu that guilt forfeited not only
his right to vote but his right to breathe.
The President is pleased to say that by these
acts "the States attempting to secede placed
themselves in a condition where their vitality
was impaired but not extinguished, their func-
tions suspended but not destroyed." I am,
myself, quite unable to find any clause of the
Constitution which discriminates between those
acts which impair the vitality of a State and
those which extinguish it. Nor do I compre-
hend that principle of philosophy which admits
that any form of life can be impaired and yet
cannot be extinguished. With all deference, I
should suppose that any form of vitality, in order
to be sure against extinction, should be proof
against deterioration. But I am not disposed
to insist upon this criticism.
Nor do I think it worth while for the great
Union party to divide upon the question whether
the Constitution requires us to say that the func-
tions of a State in a given emergency are "sus-
pended" or " destroyed." Being classed with
the radicals this year, I acknowledge a leaning
to the more positive forms of expression. I
have, therefore, rather insisted upon the theory
of suicide. But rather than disrupt our organ-
ization I think I could compromise upon that of
syncope. But it is eonceded that the functions
of the rebel States were suspended, were gone.
Perhaps the most succinct and apposite term
to be found in the American lexicography
would be to say they were "played out." At
all events they were suspended. Now, that'is"
precisely wtat ailed Lazatus. When he had
lain four days in the grave and already stank,
it was only because his " functions were 'sas--
pended." [Laughter.] Nevertheless, "JeSus'.
said unto them plainly Lazarus is dead,,''- not-
withstanding He knew he could raise- him from>
the grave. _ And so I say these rebellious States'
are dead. " But I know although they have lai®
in the grave four years, and smell worse than'
Lazarus did, [laughter,] yet the recreative'
power of the nation can make them live again*
Indeed, the suspension of the functions is sure
death to a man or a State.
But since their functions were suspended the
question remains, for how long were they sus-
pended? Were they suspended during the
pleasure of the several States, or during the,
pleasure of the United States? Certainly (lur-
ing the pleasure of the United States. That is
already decided, at least by the executive de-
partment of this Government.
In April last, General Johnston of the rebel
army offered to surrender his whole army upon
condition that the several districts might be
allowed to resume the functions of States at
once. But the Government then wisely and
firmly said, "No; we do not propose to pur-
chase the surrender of that army, nor sell the
remission of those functions. That army We
propose to take, because it belongs to the uni-
ted States. Those functions we will restore
when we see you know how to use them." Is
it then the pleasure of the United States that
these suspended functions be now restored?
But, first, who shall answer that question?
What department of the Government is charged
with the duty of declaring from time to time the
pleasure of the United States? No one pretends
that the judicial department has this power.
But there arc those who argue that it is lor the
President to decide when these functions shall
be restored, and that he has already decided it.
I do not myself understand that the. President
has decided that question. If he had done so,
I think ho would not have withheld so impor-
tant a fact from Congress when he made hi8
annual communication upon "the state of the
Union." I have carefully read that well-con-
sidered and able message. 1 find an unequiv-
ocal declaration that the functions of those
States which attempted to secede have been
suspended, but I find no intimation that they
have been restored.
And manifestly it is not within the purview
of his official duty to restore them. It is the
province of the President to execute the na-
tional will, not to expound it. Ho is placed in
command of the Army and Navy, to enable him
to "take care that the laws be faithfully exe-
cuted," not that they be wisely made. With
all that power in his hands lie cannot rightfully
so much as transfer an old musket from one
citizen to another without the warrant of the
United States, tested by a judge, declaring the
right of the claimant to have it. The President
cannot fix the price to be paid for an acre of the
public domain nor the duty to be paid upon the
importation of a pound of tea. Is it supposable
that the people who withheld from the Execu-
tive the right to legislate upon .aich trifling con-
cerns would authorize him to fix the terms upon
which eight million people, who had^ forfeited
their lives by law, should be organized into
eleven Stales of the Union? I am not only
confident that this is the last power which the
people would confer upon the executive depart-
ment, but I am persuaded it is the last power
which the present Executive would consent to
exert; and that not solely or mainly because
of the unsuitableness of his office for ascertain-
ing the national will upon the question, but
chiefly because of liis personal relations to and
his possible interest in the question to be deter-
mined.
Do Senators comprehend what consequences
result necessarily from restoring the functions
of those States? It will add fifty-eight mem-
bers to the House of Representatives, more.
> than one fourth of its presentnuinher. It will
