4,110
THE ^ COM*-EES'SI(MAL GLOBE.
July 24,
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lewis dyer.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 383, for the relief of Lewis
Dyer, late surgeon of the eighty-first regiment
of Illinois volunteers; which was read a first
and second time.
• Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved that it
be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john hastings.
The next business on the Speakers table
was Senate bill No. 324, for the relief of John
Hastings, late surveyor and depositary of pub-
lic moneys at Pittsburg; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope that bill will be
put on its passage.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. What are the pro-
visions of the act to which this refers? I re-
member we had a contest over this case at the
last session.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The gentleman recollects
the law as well as I do. I did not know this
was here until just now. I know this man suf-
fered in the war; that ho was terribly wounded
and is now destitute. This is to release one of
his bail, an honest, hard-working man.
Mr._ WILSON, of Iowa. If John Hastings
was disabled in the war I am willing he shall
have a pension. The gentleman says he did
not know this bill was here till just now. lie
did not know last session why the original bill
was here. If we grant a pension to Hastings
it is enough. The original bill allowed him a
credit for $9,950 02, and this allows a like
credit. Now, is it proposed to cover $18,000?
Why wo are asked to pass this 1 cannot under-
stand. I thing it ought to be referred.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move it be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not object to
that.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I ask that the com-
mittee shall have leave to report at any time.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I object to that.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
josiaii o. armes.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 10, for the relief of Josiah
O. Arrnes; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. WINDOM. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. LAWREN CE, of Ohio. The bill makes
an appropriation, and must have its first con-
sideration in the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The bill was referred accordingly.
the portland fiiie.
The next business in order upon the Speak-
er's table was bill of the Senate No. 428, for
the relief of the sufferers by the late fire in
Portland, Maine; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill authorizes the President to tender
to the Governor of Maine, in the name of the
Government of the United States, for the re-
lief of the sufferers by the late fire in Portland,
$50,000, to be used for that end in such man-
ner as he may think best.. The bill also makes
an appropriation of $50,000.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move the
reference of that bill to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. BICE, of Maine. I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio will permit the bill to pass.
There are now from twelve to fifteen thou-
sand of the people of Portland homeless and
houseless.
Mr. LATHAM. I rise to a question of or-
der. I submit that this is an appropriation
bill, and must have its first consideration in
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I appeal to the gen-
tleman from West Virginia to withdraw that
point of order.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Give the reasons.
The SPEAKER. Debate on the bill must
take place in Committee of the Whole.
The question was taken on the motion of
Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio, and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
payment of the public debt.
The next business in order on the Speaker's
table was bill of the Senate No. 300, for the
payment of the public debt; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose the" members
of the House have noticed this bill. I do not
suppose the House wishes to consider the bill
to-night. I move that it be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means with leave to
report it at any time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
Mr. MORRILL. Well, I believe we have
that authority, whether the gentleman objects
or not.
•The motion to refer was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand the commit-
tee have leave to report the bill back at anv
time ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I do not under-
stand that they have a right to report back a
bill of this character at any time.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read from
the Digest, the Inst part of the one hundred
and fifty-first rule in reference to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
The Clerk read as follows:
"And the said committee shall have leave to report
for commitment at any time."
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
committee have a right to report a bill of this
character at any time.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the bill be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
margakette ann laurie.
The next bill in order upon the Speaker's
table was the bill of the Senate, No. 441, for
the relief of Margarette Ann Laurie; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Mar-
garette Ann Laurie $2,700 for the use of her
house and lot by the military authorities of the
District of Columbia.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. DELANO. I ask that the report of the
Senate, which I send up, be read.
The report was read.
Mr. DELANO. I wish to say that I have
examined the evidence in this ease as well as
I could, and I think the evidence sustains the
report of the Senate committee. These prem-
ises were occupied from 1882 to the termi-
nation of the war without any payment of rent
and at very considerable damage. As to the
loyalty of the claimant there can be no doubt,
if the evidence can be depended upon, and I
have no doubt it can be.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Allow me to interrupt the
gentleman with a question. I wish to know
whether he is in favor of paying this woman
because the Bucktail regiment of Pennsylvania
encamped upon her lot, when he refused to
support a bill for the benefit of the man who
led that regiment? ■
Mr. DELANO. If the gentleman has de-
livered himself and is easy in his mind I will
state that I am in favor of this bill upon its
merits, and I base my support upon its merits
alone.
Mr. CONKLING. I think such a bill as
this should be referred to some committee.
Mr. DELANO. This lot was occupied by
the Government and no rent was paid for it. It
was taken possession of by the medical depart-
ment of the Army, and it was done so illegally
and irregularly that the claim could not be
settled by the Department.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman, re-
gardless of what may be the particular merits
of this bill, whetllfer it is not better to refer all
these claitns to a committee rather than to select
out a particular case in this way. I think, upon
reflection, he will agree with me that the bill
had better go to a committee. If it has merits
it will certainly be reported back.
Mr. DELANO. There is certainly much
force in the remarks of thegentleman fromNew
York. I, however, look upon this case as sim-
ply a claim for rent and occupancy by the Gov-
ernment of the claimant's property. It is a
very clear case, and I should be glad if the
House would pass it without a reference; but
if there be serious objections, I will not press
the matter.
Mr. CONKLING. Ifthe gentleman presses
it, I will withdraw my motion ; but I submit to
him that the bill really better be referred.
Mr. DELANO. My judgment is that the bill
ought to be passed. That is all I can say. I
leave the matter with the House.
Mr. IIOTCHKISS. There are a great many
cases of precisely the same character, where
buildings have been taken by the Government
without any order, and if we establish a pre-
cedent by passing this bill it might be danger-
ous. For one 1 would much rather it should
be referred and reported on.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will insist upon
my motion, and upon it demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof it was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
accounts oe army officers.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of
privilege. I send to the Clerk's desk a report
of the committee of conference upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
of the House No. 101, for the relief of certain
officers of the Army. I ask that itbe read.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on-the amendments to tho
resolution (H. R. No. 101) forthe relief of certain offi-
cers of the Army having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows:
I hat the House of Representatives recede from
their disagrement to tho amendments of the Senate,
nIrnu ^ V, and5, and agree to the same:
Inat the feenate recede from its third amendment.
ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
EDGAR COWAN,
„ W. SPRAGUE,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
GILMAN MARSTON,
,, NELSON TAYLOR,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will explain to the House
that the bill, as amended bythe conference com-
mittee, provides for an agreement to some of the
Senate amendments and a disagreement to
others. The effect of the report will be to
leave the bill so Eva to provide that in every
