166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
add twenty-two members to this Senate, nearly
one half its present number. The Constitution
designed the Legislature to be independent of
the Executive. But what independence has that
Legislature into which the Executive mav at
his pleasure pour so many votes? The Queen
of Great Britain has no such power over the
Parliament of the realm. She may constitution-
ally add that number of votes to the House of
Lords, but it is beyond the stretch of her vast
prerogatives to add a vote to the Commons.
But this is not all. Restoring the function of
States to the people of those lately rebellious
districts adds eighty votes to the Electoral Col-
lege which ehooses the President and the Vice
President of the United States. Suppose the
present incumbent of the White House was
ambitious of a reelection—the supposition is in
no wise derogatory to him—that is an ambi-
tion which becomes any distinguished citizen
of the Republic, and no one better than him-
self. But suppose he were, as some aspirants
for that exalted place have been, not over-scru-
pulous as to the means by which he securedhis
election; who is so blind as not to see the
terrible advantage which would be placed in his
hands by conceding him the power to add to
the vote of the Electoral College more than one
third of its present number ?
A few years since we heard much of a set of
fellows in Han Francisco who were designated
as ballot-box stuflbrs. But what ballot-box
stuffing ever known in San Francisco could
parallel that which such a concession of power
to a candidate for the Presidency would legiti-
mate ?
I make this comment because it is forced
upon me by the attitude of those communities
which are seeking at the hands of Iho Presi-
dent a restoration of the functions of States.
Their professions of obligation, their proffers of
support, are too conspicuous to pass unnoticed.
To the inducements which they hold out as the
price of prompt^ restoration. I'understand that
a somewhat distinguished citizen of New York
has lately added a "proffer of the support of the
Democratic party of the existing States. That
tender, however, I am bound to say, docs not,
in my judgment, amount to an attempt at brib-
ery. [Laughter.] And that for these reasons :
first, because the gentleman making the prof-
fer did not own what he tendered; second, be-
cause the thing he tendered had no value in the
market, and third, because if it should come
to have a value by the lime the oi'fer is to be
redeemed, the legal presumption is the tender
would be withdrawn. [Laughter.]
And I make this comment the more freely
because from nothing I have seen or heard have
I been led to believe that the judgment of the
President has been swayed a single hair's
breadth by the seductive arts which have been
practiced before him. I am happy in the be-
lief to-day that if Congress will but. discharge its
dutjr as firmly, as dispassionately, and as con-
scientiously as the President has addressed him-
self to the discharge of his, the country is safe.
To the legislative department there is dele-
gated the responsibility of determining when
these suspended functions shall be restored.
To Congress it ought to be delegated, because
its members coming more directly from the
people, and from many different localities, are
supposed to be better informed as to what is
the popular will than any individual can be.
To Congress it ought to bo delegated, because
its members have no personal interest in the
decision of the question. The people of those
revolting districts will have no more and no
less influence upon the reelection of the mem-
bers of these Houses whether the functions of
States are restored to them or not. To Con-
gress till power is delegated by the express
terms of the Constitution. ''Kew States may
be admitted by the Congress into this Union,"
is the language of the third section of the fourth
articic of the Constitution. I o Conerress also
the Supreme Court assigns this power bv
neees-arv implication, if not by express adju- j
dication, in the celebrated case of Luther vs. I
Borden !"petted in the 7th Howard, Supreme 1
Court Reports, pagel. Then two distinct rival
organizations claimed to be the government of
llhode Island. The question presented to the
court was which of the two was the legitimate
government. The court decided that the ques-
tion was political and not judicial, and in the
opinion of Chief Justice Tanev I find the fol-
lowing conclusive words:
"The fourth section of thefouith article of the Con-
stitution of the United States provides that the, Uni-
ted States shall guaranty to-every State in the Union
a republican form of government, and shall protect
each of them against invasion; and on the applica-
tion of the Legislature, or of the Executive when the
Legislature cannot be convened, against domestic
violence.
"Under this article of the Constitution it rests with
Congress to decide what government istheestablished
one in a State. 1'or, as the United States guaranty
to eaeh State a republic an government, Congress must
necessarily dccide what government is established in
the State before it can determine whetherit is repub-
lican or not. And when the Senators and Represent-
atives of a State are admitted into the councils of the
Union the authority of the government under which
they are appointed, as well as its republican charac-
ter, is recognized i>y the proper constitutional autlior-
itv. And its decision is binding upon every other
department of the Government, and could not be
Questioned in a judici.il tribunal. It is tine that the
contest in this case did not last long enough to bring
the matter to this issue; and as no Senators or Rep-
resentatives were elected under the authority of the
government of which Mr. Dorr was the head, Con-
gress was not, eallcd upon to dceide the controversy.
Vet the right to dccide is placed there, and not in the
courts.''
If Congress, then, may rightfully determine
which of two rival organizations is the legiti-
mate government of an acknowledged State, &
fortiori must Congress decide when a particu-
lar organization is or is not the government of
a State.
Since, then, the responsibility devolves upon
Congress to decide whether the functions of
States shall be now restored to those rebellious
and lately belligerent communities, how shall
we decide it?
For one. 1 say no ! I say'no for all the rea-
sons that could influence my decision of such a
question.
And first, I say Congress ought not now to
restore those suspended functions, because Con-
gress has not been asked to do so.
The election of members to serve in this or
the other House, issuing credentials to them,
the presentation of such credentials here, is not
an application to be restored to the status of
States. Such proceedings characterize ac-
knowledged States like New York and Ohio—
States which have never forfeited their preroga-
tives. The fact of issuing such credentials as-
sumes that their functions had not been suspend-
ed. We know tliey have been. The President
declares they have been. In April last he dis-
tinctly notilicd all rebeldom that they were sus-
pended. Why do they not ask for restoration,
present their constitutions, and show us what
sort of institutions they propose to establish
in place of those they recently placed under
the protection of the confederacy? Othcrcom-
munities, when they have sought to enter the
circle of American States, have asked permis-
sion l o do so. Wisconsin asked for it. Until she
obtained it she did not assume the right to
choose members to represent her in Congress.
It is useless to say this right was once conferred
upon Louisiana and Mississippi. By rebellion
they forfeited the right. In April they were no-
tified the forfeiture would be enforced. Until
the forfeiture is remitted they have no right to
choose members of tliis Senate. LTntil they
have the right to choo.-o Senators we ought
not to consider the question whether they hare
chosen them, orwhetherthose chosen have been
regularly returned or are properly qualified.
The simple truth is, the representative.-! of
those revolting States left these Halls five years
ago without the permission of the nation, and
they now propose to come hack without its
permission. They defied the nation then to
keep them in, they defy the nation now to keep
them out.
You remember in what mood they left here
fb"e years ago. One of them, in debate upon
this floor, on the 7th of March, 18C3, in reply
to Mr, Douglas, spoke as follows;
Fiend ore, I h a- e tried to explain sceral
H times, the position which I occupy. I am not officially
j] informed that the State which I represent hoi e has
II abolished the office of United States Senator. When
I- 1 am so advised officially, I shall file at your desk that
1 information; and then if, aftir being so informed, you
1! shall continue to call my name, I will answer, proba-
bly, if it suits my convenience; and if 1 am called on
1 to vote, X shall probably gh c my reasons for voting;
and, regarding this as a very respectable public meet-
ing, continue my connection with it in that way. At
present, though, i am not advised that Texas has
witlidi awn from the Union, and am waiting those in-
structions. I said the other night—it was very late,
and I hardly recollect it now, not having slept for
some forty-eight hours, except when I could take a
nap now and then—I said, then, that in consequence
of your having refused to recognize the secession of
other States, and continue to call the names of their
Senators whoso official withdrawal had been filed here,
I supposed I should continue to attend the meetings
of the Senate. If it suits my convenience I certainly
shall; ifnot, not."
Mr. JOHNSON. "What Senator was that?
Wiafall?
Sir. HOWE. I have read from some re-
marks made by Mr. Wigfall, of Texas. A few
days later Mr. Mason, of Virginia, then a mcm-
berof this Senate, spoke in opposition to a res-
olution for the expulsion of a Senator from
Texas who had declared he owed no allegiance
to the Government of the United States, and
he used this language :
"If Senators still persist in saying, as matter of
constitutional law, that those States have not sepa-
rated, that their act is null, they arc holding language
which—1 say it with- great respect, for I feel no other
sentiment toward them—is more disrespectful to the
Senate tentold than that which the Senator from
Connecticut says deserves the punishment of expul-
sion in the ease of the Senator from Texas: and why ?
Because, by their language, they declare that five
million people and six or seven sovereign States are
in a state of insubordination and insurrection, and
they are taking no measures 1 o <j uell it. They declare
here that the acts of those States are null; and, al-
though they have seized what they call the public
property, although they have possessed themselves of
the forts and of the public arms, yet they take no
means whatever, and rcconnnend and propose none,
to recover it or to subdue tliem."
For one, T am unwilling to see those who then
burst out of their scats taunting and jeering the
majesty of the nation, now come vaulting back
into the same seats defying and bullying the
nation. If the nation has any authority I would
like to see it consulted and respected.
But there is a graver objection still to imme-
diate restoration. It is this; those communities
are not now fit to take upon themselves the
attributes of States. Our past history has
demonstrated that absolute homogeneity is not
necessary to the success of republican institu-
tions, if existing differences of opinion do not
prevent the exercise of reasonable toleration.
But the history of the world has demonstrated
that when great malignant antagonisms exist
between the members of a .State, republicanism
must fail of its mission in that State. The
powers of a State, even where its political action
is confined within the limits prescribed by the
Constitution of the United Slates, are immense
for good or evil. A State may determine who
may and who shall not participate in the Gov-
ernment ; who may or who may not vote at the
elections: may exclude whomsoever it pleases
from the ofiice of legislator, of judge, of juror,
of witness ; may make what expenditures it
, chooses, lay what taxes and contract what
| debts it chooses. It may regulate labor and
j control the acquisition and descent of property
as it pleases. It may denounce what conduct
it chooses as criminal, and impose what penal-
ties it chooses as punishment.
Is it the deliberate judgment of the Senate
that these communities are at the present time
ill that equitable anil dispassionate temper of
mind which makes them ptopcr depositaries of
such enormous powers.'
To whom do you mean io a^si^n those great
powers which under the Constitution belong to
a State? L>o you mean to give them to the
whole body of the people in these districts?
That probably can be done with reasonable
safety to them in a short time, but I do not
believe it can safely be done yet.
During the past four unhappy years a divis-
ion has sprung up between different portions of
those people unknown to their former history.
A gulf yawns between them as broad as "that
which stretched between the rich man in hell
