3150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GfLOBE
June 14,
member of the House knowing the contents
of a report while the other members know
nothing about it. The gentleman from New
York says that he rises to debate this report.
If he proposes to debate it, he of course knows
what is iu it; and I think I ought to know as
much as he does. [Laughter.] _ '
Mr. ELDRIDGE. For the purpose of giv-
ing gentlemen an opportunity to 'know what is
in the report, I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. KELLEY, I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a moment, that I may
offer an explanation.
' Mr. ELDRIDGE. I want an opportunity to
read this report, and I therefore insist on my
motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and forty-five minutes) the
House adjourned.
. petitions, etc.
Tho following petitions. &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition-of Mrs. Lavinia
Lenfest, and 70 others, of Union, Maine, asking for
a pension.
By Mr. ALLEY: Tho petition of J. B. Alley, and
others, for the relief of Lewis A. Ilorton, an invalid
soldier.
By Mr. DARLING: The petition of A. D. Bishop,
for relief.
ByMr. jMERCUB: The petition of L. D. P.'iffo, ask-
ing that a pension he granted to Eunice Satterlec,
of Bradford oounty, Pennsylvania, a survivor of the
Wyoming massacre.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of Quincy A.
May, of Spencer county, Indiana, late a soldier of
company II. oiglity-tlnrd regiment Illinois volun-
teers, praying for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 14, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday.
Mr. CONNIiSS. If there he no objection,
I move t.o dispense with the further reading of
the Journal this morning.
Tlio PRESIDENT^?™ tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to dispense with the read-
ing of tlie Journal.
• No objection being made, the further read-
ing is dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN. I present tho memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the State of Now
York in favor of a bankrupt law. They say
" that, in the judgment of the Chamber of Com-
merce of the State of New York it is very im-
portant that the present Congress of the Uni-
ted States should enact a law to establish a
uniform system of bankruptcy; and that tho
net for that purpose recently passed by the
House of Representatives meets the cordial
approuil of this Chamber." The measure to
which this memorial rel'eis is the bill intro-
duced into the House of Representatives by
Hon. Mr. J KsrcKEa, of Rhode Island. It has
passed that body and is now in the hands
of tho Judiciary Committee of tho Senate.
While it is not usual to speak of any meas-
ure until it is reported, much less to antici-
pate the action of any committee of this body,
I nevertheless hope I shall be excused in at
least expressing the hope that the committee
will report that bill sufficiently early to receive
tho consideration of the Senate at the present
session.
Mr. President, I am at the present time, and
have been for a long time, in favor of a na-
tional bankrupt law. I am not only in favor
of a national bankrupt law, but I am in favor
of the bill which has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives. I am in favor both of tho volun-
tary and involuntary features of the bill. I
believe that if we wait for a better we may, and
probably shall, get a worse one. While it has
been the high privilege of the people of the
United States, acting through their constituted
authorities, to uuletter four million human
beings held in involuntary servitude or labor on
a portion of our soil, I trust it will not be con-
sidered any less our duty to relieve from pecun-
iary bondage a class-of men who have com-
mitted no crime, against whom ther£ is no
charge except the charge of having been un-
fortunate in business and unable to meet
their legal obligations. I move that the, me-
morial be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NORTON presented additional papers
in the ease of Mrs. A. M. Roblas y Robaldo in
support of her claim for quartermaster's stores
destroyed during the Mexican war; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
railroads in wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate joint resolution No. 85.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
of committees are in order.
Mr. HOWE. I wish for personal reasons
that the Senate would allow this resolution to
be taken up.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object, .if we
can get in our reports.
, Mr. HOWE./ I desire very much to have
this resolution taken up and disposed of. It
will lead to no debate. It simply construes a
former act of Congress.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 85) explanatory of and
in addition to the act of May 5, 180-1, entitled
"An act granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in Wisconsin," was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the words " in a northwest-
ern direction," in the third section of the act
granting lands to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in the State of Wisconsin,
approved May 5, 1864, shall, without forfeiture
to that State, or its assigns, of any rights or
benefits under that act., or exemption from any
of tho conditions or obligations imposed by it,
be construed to authorize the location of the
line of road provided for in that section along
and upon tho following route: from the city of
Portage, by the way of the city of Ripon, in
the county of Fond du Lac, and the city of
Berlin, in the county of Green Lake, to Ste-
vens's Point, and thence to Bayfield, and thence
to Superior, on Lake Superior. Tho Legisla-
ture ot' Wisconsin having authorized and re-
quired the Portage and Superior Railroad Com-
pany to construct the line of road in that sec-
tion provided for, upon and along the route
thus set forth and described, the Congress of
the United States, by this resolution, gives its
assent to that route, and consents to the selec-
tion and application of the lands granted to the
State of Wisconsin by the third section of the
act of Congress of May 5, 1864, for and to the
line of railroad thus defined and described, in
the same manner and with the same effect as
if it was located and constructed in strict con-
formity with and upon the route prescribed in
that section of that act of Congress.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
margaret a. farran.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I am directed by
the Committee on Pensions, to whom was
referred the petition of Margaret A. Farran,
praying for a pension, to report a bill for her
relief, and I ask that the bill be put on its pas-
sage this morning. The granting of the pension
in this case has been delayed for two years by
mere technicalities.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 368)
granting a pension to Mrs. Margaret A. Far-
ran was read three times and passed. It is
a direction to the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Margaret A Farran, widow
of Abraham Farran, late a private in the twenty-
fourth battery Indiana light artillery, on the
pension-roll, at the rate of eight dollarsamonth,
to commence February 16, 1864, and continue
during her widowhood.
reports of committees.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. 556) to authorize the issuing of a rjrull-
tary land-warrant to Frederick Berlin, assignee
of the heirs of Peter Hess, deceased, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. Not 351) to authorize
the Secretary of the Interior to lease such of
the public lands of the United States as are
known as saline lands, or lands containing
mineral springs, and to provide for the pres-
ervation and development of the same, re-
ported it with an .amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom the subject
was referred, reported a bill (S: No. 869) to
establish certain post roads ; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. POLAND. The Committee on. the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the memo-
rial of Philip Eraser, United States district
judge for the northern district of Florida,
praying for an increase of compensation; a
petition of members of the bar of Kansas,
praying fbr an increase of the salary of the
United States district judge for that district;
a petition of members of the bar of Westmore-
land county, Pennsylvania; and a large num-
ber of petitions and memorials on the gen-
eral subject of increasing the salaries of district
judges, having reported a biil covering the
subject of all these petitions, ask to be dis-
charged from their further consideration.
'The report was agreed to.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition, of
Philip Lan'sdale, praying to be allowed the
difference between the pay of passed assistant
surgeon and. that, of surgeon while acting as
surgeon from the 25th of April, 1859, to the
25th of February, 1861, reported a bill (S. No.
370) for the relief of Philip Lansdale, surgeon
United States Navy; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
navy pay department.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. SCO) in amendirfent of an act to provide
for the better organization of the pay depart-
ment of the Navy, have instructed me to
report it back with an amendment and to rec-
ommend its passage. This bill is in explana-
tion of an act that passed about a month ago,
the construction of which involves some em-
barrassment to the Department. And as it is
unanimously reported by the committee, and
can lead to no debate, I ask for its present
consideration.
By unanimous consent the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment of the Committee on Naval
Affairs was to strike out all of the bill after
the enacting clause and insert the following as
a substitute:
That the appointments to lie made undet the act
entitled "An act to provide for the better organiza-
tion of the pay department of the Navy," approved
May 3,1866, may be madefrom the number of acting
assistant paymasters of the Nayy who performed
duty as acting assistant paymasters during: the war,
and who atthe timeof their appointment under this
act shall not be over the age of thirty-two years.
Sec. 2. And beitfuttlur enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to waive the examination of such officers
in tho pay department ot the Navy as are on duty
abroad arfil cannot at present be examined as re-
quired by law: Provided. That such examinations
as are required by law shall be made as soon as prac-
ticable alter the return of said officers to the United
States: a.nd no officer found to be disqualified shall
receive the promotion contemplated in the aot horein
referred to.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time
and passed. Its title was amended so as to
read, "A bill to regulate the appointment of
paymasters in the Navy, and explanatory of
an act for the better organization of the pay
department of the Navy."
bills introduced. *
Mr. RIDDLE asked, and by unanimous con-
