1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2191
Sir, we cannot assume at this moment, in
behalf of the Government, a liability of $57,-
000,000 without shaking faith in its responsi
bility and integrity. Why, sir, one of thefirst
lessons which we learn in our school-boy days
is that' 'money is credit'' and' 'credit ismoney.''
So long as our nation preserves its credit it can
command money. But, sir, if you heap upon
the Government, the organ of the nation, lia-
bility upon liability, even though ultimately the
payment of those liabilities may never be ex-
acted, still the bare fact that the nation is lia-
ble for such immense sums shakes the faith of
capitalists, not only here, but in Europe, in our
capacity to meet our liabilities and pay punctu-
ally the principal and interest of our public debt.
No man should doubt this. It is common
sense. It is predicated upon ordinary busi-
ness experience. No individual who has any
regard for his credit will suffer his liabilities to
cxceed greatly his ability to pay ; and although
a man may not be called upon to pay, yet, if
he in a reckless manner assumes liabilities,
men of prudence and sagacity will distrust
him. As this principle applies to individuals,
so does it also to Governments; and it is a
principle which wo should never disregard in
our legislation.
I say, then, Mr. Speaker, I would object to
passing this bill into a law on the simple prop-
osition that it is not sound policy to make this
Government liable for this large sum of money
even though it may never be called upon to
pay a dollar of it. When I say this, I do not
admit that such will be the result. I rather
agree with my honorable friend and colleague
who has made so able an argument on this
subject, that the prospect would be the other
way, that the Government would have to pay
all rather than none of the liabilities it is thus
called upon to assume.
Mr. Speaker, I have made my sentiments
known in regard to this measure, and I trust
they will justify my vote. I know very well
how these telegraphic communications to mem-
bers are brought about. The same agency that
has been at work around this Hall for months,
has worked over the telegraph wires and brought
a monition to me as well as to the gentleman
from Chicago, and no doubt to other members
upon this floor, in order to induce them to sus-
tain this bill. Sir, I can never be reached in
this manner. I must, whenever I vote on an
important measure in this House, be permitted
to vote according to the honest convictions of
my own judgment or I will not vote at all; I
will abandon my position at once, and ask my
constituents to send some one in my place who
will be more subservient to extraneous infiu-
6hc6s.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE next addressed the
House. [His remarks will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman yield
for a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. PRICE. Allow me to say, before the
motion to adjourn is put, that 1 propose to--
morrow to call the previous question at half
past three o'clock.
Several Members. Fix an earlier hour.
Mr. PRICE. Well, I will say two o'clock.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The understanding
was that we would have a fair chance to be
heard on this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There can
be 110 agreement as to the time when the pre-
vious question shall be called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand that any agreement is proposed, but sim-
ply that the chairman of the committee gives
notice that he will call the previous question
on the bill at two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We do not
agree to any arrangement of that sort.
The SPEAKER. After the notice which
has been given by the chairman of the com-
mittee, the Chair will feel compelled to recog-
nize him at the time he has indicated.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
On'motion of Mr. DAWES, leave of absence
was granted to Mr. Hooper for one week.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to : and thereupon (at
twenty-five minutes past four o'clock p.m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &cM were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BAXTER: The petition of "William Bray-
ton, and 44 others, citizens of Alburg, Grand Isle
county, Vermont, praying for an increased duty on
wool.
Also, the petition of A. B. Keeler, and 53 others,
citizens of South Hero, Grand Isle county, Vermont,
praying for an increased duty on imported wool.
Also, the petition of Linns Leavens, and others,
citizcns of Berkshire, Franklin county, Vermont,
praying for an increased duty on imported wool.
Also, the "petition of Henry S. Morse, and 40others,
citizens of Shelburn, Chittenden county, praying for
an increased duly on wool.
Also, the petition of Lucius A. Isham, and others,
citizens of St. George, Chittenden county, Vermont,
praying for an increased duty on imported wool.
Also, the petition of David A. Murray, and 42
others, citizens of Williston, Chittenden county, Ver-
mont, praying for an increased duty on foreign wool.
Also, the petition ot T. S. Iiice, and 39 others, citi-
zensof Westford, Chittenden county, Vermont, pray-
ing for an increased duty on imported wool.
Also, the petition of E. "W. Trow, and 46 others,
citizens of Brownington, Orleans county, Veimont,
praying for an increased duty on imported wool.
By Mr. CULL0M: Two separate petitions of sun-
dry citizens of McLean county, Illinois, praying for
the passage of a law regulating inter-State insurances
of all kinds.
Also1, a petition of sundry citizens of Woodford
county, Illinois, asking that Congress shall increase
the tariff upon all imported wool.
Also, a petition of a large number of citizens of
Livingston county, Illinois, asking for the passage
of a law regulating intcr-Stute insurances of all
kinds.
By Mr. DIXON : The petition of officers of West-
erly Savings Bank, Rhode Island, for repeal of in-
ternal revenue tax on savings institutions.
Also, the petition of Dune Savings Bank, Brook-
lyn, South Brooklyn Saving* Institution, Emigrant
Savings Bank, Biooklyn, Dime Savings of Wil-
liamsburg, Kings County Savings Bank, and East
Brooklyn Savings, lor repeal of internal revenue
tax on savings institutions. ^
A1j>o, the petition of Wickford Savings Bank,
Rhode Island, for same.
By Mr.EGGLESTON": Thememorialof 120 steam-
boat owners and underwriters of Cincinnati, Ohio,
praying for the passage of a law requiring steamboat
captains and mates to procure a license from aboard
of examiners before they enter upon the duties of
their offices. .
Al«!o, the memorial of Colonel B. Eitn, m regard
to payment claimed by the eighth regiment of the
twelfth ward in the city of Cincinnati, for thirty-one
days' service in the Army of the United States near
Cincinnati.
Also, a memorial and the muster-roll of Captain
Bard's cavahy company, claiming one month's pay
for service rendered the Government in Ohio and
Kentucky, during the Ivirby Smith raid.
By Mr. FERIVST: The memorial of John E. Cilloy,
and 20 others, citizens of Boston, Michigan, praying
that an ad valorem duty bo levied upon foreign wool.
By Mr.GARFIELD: The petition oi960 citizens ot
Portage county, Ohio, asking such protection on
American wool as shall place the producer on equal
terms with the manufacturer.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania: A petition
numerously signed by citizcns of Westmoreland
county, Pennsylvania, for an increase of duty on
foreign wools. ,,T.„.
By Mr. LONGYEAR: The petition of William
O'Calahan, and 3o others, citizens of Eaton and Ing-
ham counties, Michigan, asking an extension of the
Amboy, Lansing, and Traverse Bay land grant to the
eompany of that name.
By Mr. WARD: The petition of William Tropp. of
Elmira, New York, asking for the extension of a
patent for making barrels.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 2(3, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The" Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
proposed-expulsion of mr. davis
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a memorial from
citizens of New York, in which they set forth
that Mr. Davis, a Senator from Kentucky, de-
clared in his speech of the 6th instant, in rela-
tion to the passage of the bill to protect citi-
zens in the enjoyment of their civil rights, that
if the bill should become a law he should feel
compelled to regard himself as an enemy of
the Government and to work for its overthrow;
and these memorialists then proceed to say that
as the bill alluded to has been declared to be
the law of the land by the action of the two
Houses of Congress, and as they feel bound to
regard Mr. Davis as standing in the attitude of
an avowed enemy to the Government, as set
forth in his declaration, they ask that he be
expelled from the Senate. I offer this petition
and ask its reference to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That ref-
erence will be ordered, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senate to permit the
Clerk to read that petition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
x^ead, if there be 110 objection.
The Secretary read as follows:
To the Semite of the United States];
The undersigned, citizens of the United States,
earnestly pray your honorable body: as Mr. Davis,
Senator from Kentucky, declared in hts speech of the
6th instant, in relation to the passage of the bill to
protect citizcns in the enjoyment of their civil rights,
that "if the bill should become a law ho should feel
compelled to regard himself as an enemy of the Gov-
ernment, and to work for its overthrow," and as the
bill alluded to has been declared to be a law of the
land, by the action of the two Houses of Congress;
and as we feel bound to regard Mr. Davis as stand-
ing in the attitude of an avowed enemy to the Gov-
ernment, as set forth in his declaration, that he be
expelled from the Senate, and, with other traitors,
hold to answer to tho law for his crime,
Mr. DAVIS. With the permission of the
Senate I will make a single remark upon that
petition. It is true that I used, in substance,
the words that are imputed to me in that pe-
tition ; but, as a part of their context, I used a
great many more. As an example of garbling,
the petition reminds me of a specimen that I
heard when I was a young man. It was to this
effect: "The Bible teaches 'that there is no
God.' " When those words were read in con-
nection with the context, the passage read in
about these terms: "The fool hath said in his
heart that there is no God." That specimen
of the Bible was about as fair as this garbled
statement is of what I said upon the matter to
which it refers. This is all 1 have to say.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented a memorial of
Joseph K. Oates and Aaron H. Bradley, in
behnlf of the colored people of Florida and
Georgia, expressing their views on the subject
of reconstruction, and praying Congress to
adopt them as conditions-precedent to the
admission of the late rebellious States ; which
was referred to the joint committee on recon-
! struction.
Sir. HOWE presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of so equal-
izing the bounties awarded by the Government
to soldiers during the late war as to make them
as nearly as possible in proportion to the time
of actual service; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Dodgeville to
Avoca, via James Mills, William S. Bean's,
and Booth Hollow, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of an appropria-
tion for widening and straightening the chan-
nel of the harbor at Superior, in that State ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Trempealeau Village, by
way of Arcadia, Burnside, and Hale, to Sum-
ner, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads._
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
latureof Wisconsin,in favor of theappointment
of engineers to examine the present wpter chan-
nels through that State, with a view of enlar-
ging the same so as to admit of a uniform steam-
Ihip navigation from the Mississippi.river to
Lake Michigan; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
