1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1231
lowed the Continental Congress which appor-
tioned the war expenses among "the free citi-
zens and inhabitants" without distinction of
color.
Curiously enough wc find confirmation of the
true principle where y )u would little expect it,
in that very Dred Scott case, which undertook
to blast a race. Chief Justice Taney on that
occasion laid down a rule which at this moment
is applicable to every "citizen'' without dis-
tinction of color. Here is Ms rule:
"Tho words, 'people of tho United States' and
'citizens' are synonymous terms and mean tho same
thing. They both describe the political body, who,
according to our republican institutions, form the
sovereignty, and who hold the power and conduct the
Government through theL'representatives. They are
what we familiarly call the sovereign people, and
every citize/i is one of tluspeople and a constituent mem-
ber of this sovereignty.1'—1? Howard Rcp„ 404.
This is strong enough ; but the Chief Justice is
still more precise:
"There is Dot, it is believed, to be found in the
theories of writers on go /ornment o'r in any achml
experiment heretofore trii d an exposition of the term
citizen, which ha.s not been considered as conferring
the actual possession and enjoyment or the perfect ri'jht
of acquisition and enjoim{ nit. of r.'/t entire^equality of
privileges, civil andpoiiti -al."—Ibid, p. 476.
Thus does that terrib e judgment, which was
like a ban to tlxe colo 'ed race, now testify to
their indisputable righ s as "citizens."
Therefore I do not 1 esitate to say that when
the slaves of our country became "citizens''
they took their place in the "body-politic"
as a component part of the "people," entitled
to Equal .Rights and under the protection of
these two guardian principles, first, llial all
just government stands on the consent of the
governed, and secondly, that taxation without
representation is tyranny; and these rights it
is the duty of Congress to guaranty as essen-
tia,! to the idea of a Republic. The aspiration
of Abraham Lincoln, in his marvelous utterance
at Gettysburg, was that "government of the
people by tho people and for the people should
not perisli from the earth." But who will ven-
ture to exclude millions of citizens from the
"people?"
If the governments in the rebel States are
brought to this touch-stone it will be found that
they must fail. The departure from the true
standard is not merely theoretical, as it might
be regarded in States where the disfranchised
are few in number, but there is an absolute
failure to come within the conditions required.
It is not decent to call a State republican where
more than a majority of its "people;" consti-
tuting the larger part of its "body-politic," is
permanently disfranchised; nor is it decent to
call a State republican where any considerable
portion of its ''people," constituting an essen-
tial part of its "body-politic," is permanently
disfranchised. Eveu if in times past such a
State could have been treated as republican, it
will not do to treat it so now. It lacl^s the vital
elements of a republican government, and must
be treated accordingly. I do not dwell on this
point, for it seems absurd to call it in ques-
tion.
Clearly it is your duty to enforce the guaran-
tee of a republican government. By the oaths
you have taken to support the Constitution,
you must take care that in all the States where
governments have lapsed this guarantee shall
be carried out. In the performance of this duty
you may proceed either by an enabling act,
establishing in advance the conditions on which
these States shall be restored to their "practi-
cal relations with the Union," or by an act di-
rectly annulling all constitutions and laws of
any such States inconsistent with a republican
government. The power is in Congress. It has
been recognized m formal terms by the Su-
preme Court; and you are the final judge of the
'' means'' you shall employ. To say that you
have not the power is to abdicate at a great
exigency the very means of salvation. It is
to iling away your arms in the very face of
the enemy. It is to spike the Constitution at a
moment when its full cannonade is needed for
the overthrow of wrong. Clearly you have the
power, and upon your heads will be the fearful
responsibility if you fail to exercise it.
4. From this source of power in the Consti-
tution I pass to another in the Constitution
also, supplied by the second clause of the con-
stitutional amendment. It is there provided
that Congress shall '1 enforce'' the abolition of
slavery by "appropriate legislation." Under
these words, according to all rules of interpre-
tation and the judgments of the Supreme Court,
Congress is empowered to do what in its dis-
cretion seems best to this end. It may adopt
any'1 means'' which shall seem "appropriate.''
It may select any weapon in tho arsenal of
power. I do not stop to cite the judgments of
the court or to dwell on this power. The case
is clear, and I challenge any contradiction. As
the grant is recent it. is not open to any sugges-
tion of loss or waiver by desuetude or non-user.
It is fresh as the abolition of slavery itself, and
at this moment is just as vital. You may as
well deny the one as the other.
Here, even at the cost of repetition, allow
me to remind you that already during the pres-
ent session the Senate, in pursuance of this
power, has undex'taken to pass a bill entitled
"To protect all persons in the United States
in their civil rights and furnish the means of
their vindication." The declared object of tho
bill, in its very title, is the protection of all per-
sons in the United States in their civil rights;
and this object is carried out by the following
provision:
"There shall bo no discrimination in civil rights or
immunities amor.M the inhabitants of any State or
Territory of the United 8tat>-i on aeeountof race,color,
or previous condition of slavery."
The bill proceeds to provide machinery and pen-
alties for the enforcement of this prohibition.
Mark, if you please, that this is not merely in
tho rebel Stales, nor even in the States wher;
slavery was recently abolished, but everywhere
throughout the United States. All this is done by
virtue of that \ cry clause of the conslitupou-tl
amendment which I now adduce. It is done
by Congress, in tho exercise of its discretion,
in order to " enforce" the abolition of slavery.
It is the "means" which Congress adopts to
this end. It is the weapon which Congress
selects from the arsenal of power. But surely,
if Congress, in order to "enforce" the aboli-
tion of slavery, can secure all persons through-
out the Unitcil States in their civil riijhls. it can,
out of tho same abundant source of power,
secure all per;-ons tin oughout the United Stales
in their 'political rights; and this is precisely
what is proposed by the bill of the Senator
from Illinois. My own proposition, as I now
present it, aims for the present at securing
political rights throughout the rebel States ;
but the irresistible argument is the same in
eaeli ease. Each is to " enforce1' the abolition
of slavery.
I do not stop now to exhibit the elective fran-
chise as essential to the security of the frecd-
man. without which lie will be the prey of sla-
very in some new form, and without which he
cannot rise to the stature of manhood. In
opening this debate T have presented this argu-
ment fully, Suffice it to say in this place that
Emancipation will fail in its beneficence if you
do not assure to the former slave all the rights
of the citizen. Until you do this your work will
bo only half done, and the freedman will be
©nly half a man.
Such, sir, are the four sources of power in
Congress, each of them ample: first, the neces-
sity of the case, as with Territories, where there
is no other jurisdiction ; secondly, the flights
of War, under which all needful safeguards for
the future may bo required; thirdly,the duty
to guaranty to every State in the Union a re-
publican form of government; and fourthly,
the authority to "enforce" the abolition of
slavery by appropriate legislation. Out of each
and all of these sources Congress may derive
its power. It only remains that it should act
as becomes the representatives of the American
people.
URQTCKCV OF OUR DUTIES.
Mr. President, as I am about to close, allow
me to remind you once more, that from the
nature of the case and from the character of
your obligations, the work of Emancipation
mustbe completed by the National Government
It cannot be left to become tho sport of sec-
tional prejudice or wayward passion. It begai.
with you and it. is for you lo give to it that final
assurance which can be found only in Enfran-
chisement. It is for you "to maintain" the
former slave in that liberty which he received
at your hands. Such a duty cannot be renounced
or delegated. It must be sacredly performed
by the National Government according to its
original pledge in the Proclamation of Eman-
cipation and according to all the suggestions of
reason. Humanity, too, joins in the cry. You
cannot consent that the child Emancipation,
born of your breath, shsj.ll be surrendered to
the custody of enemies. Take it in your arms,
I entreat you, and nurse it into strength. Be
instructed by the examples of history, teaching
that the masters of slaves cannot be trusted to
legislate for tliem. This conclusion has been
announced by the best English statesmen, one
of whom thus gathers together the result. , It
is Brougham who speaks:
" X entirely concurintheobservations ofMr. Burke,
ropcatedandmore happily expressed by Mr. Canning,
that the masters of slaves are not to be trusted with
making laws upon slavery; that, nothing they do is
everfound effectual; andthatifbysomemiraclethey
ever chance to enact a wholesome regulation, it is
always found towantwhat Mr. liurkc; call--: (I)'-? execu-
tory-principle; itfails to execute itself."—Brougham's
Speeches, vol. 2, p. 219.
Such is the concurring voice of Edmund iWke,
George Canning, and Henry.Brougham. Thus,
by testimony as well as by reason, in harmony
with the national pledge, we are admonished
thai, this work must be done by the Nation.
! >o not say that you have not the power, when
tin will only is needed. It is the part of a good
j Ki.'o to amplify his jurisdiction. Boni judicis
est itmpliare jurisdictionem. Such is an ap-
] .i in < d maxim of the law handed down to us from
] days. Kindred in character are other max-
- which enjoin the duty of inclining always in
. .-,.i of Liberty to the extent of catching at any-
! irug, even a twine thread, by which to save it.
But on this occasion the good Congress need not
amplify its jurisdiction. Enough if it enforces
what plainly exists. It need not catch at any
twine thread to save Liberty. The great cables
of the Constitution with mighty anchors are at
command.
Sir, the freedman must be protected, and not
sacrificed. You can do it, but only in one way.
Paper will not do it. Parchment will not do it.
Compromise will not do it. Give to him the
strength which comes from the fullness of citi-
zenship and he will then be protected. Do not
hesitate. Eollowprinciplog. They are like those
divine promises which, when properly under-
stood and applied, will answer every case of
difficulty or distress, and as in the Pilgrim's
Progress, "will open any lock in Doubting
Castle." Have faith. Difficulties disappear
before tho earnest man. To the boatman who
said it was impossible to brave the storm that
was raging, William Tell, full of patriotic pur-
pose, cried out, "I know not whether it be pos-
sible, but I know that it must be attempted;"
and the deliverer reached his destination. The
same courage is needed now. The attempt at
least must be made. And who can say that it
will fail? On its side will be Providence, the
prayers of good men, nature in her manifold
attributes, and the awakened judgment of the
civilized world. The time has passed when
the Spirit of Caste can continue to bear sway.
See to it, Senators, that this Spirit has no foot-
hold in the Constitution of our country. To
this duty I summon you now by every obliga-
tion of statesmanship, for the sake of the Ke-
public and for your oSvn sakes.^ To the spirit
of Caste answer back in the spirit of that Chris-
tian truth which you have been taught. Recall
the precious words of the early English writer,
who, describing "the good sea-captain," tells
us that he " counts the image of God neverthe-
less his image cut in ebony as if done in ivory."
The good statesman must be like the good sea-
captain. His ship is the Slate which he keeps
safe on its track. He, too, must see the image
of God in all his fellow-men, and, in the dis
