1866.'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
871) to incorporate the Metropolitan Hall and
Market Company of Washington, District of
Columbia; which was read twice *by its_ title,_
•referred to .the Committee on the District of
-Columbia, -and ordered to be printed.
-■ Me."MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No; .372) supplemental to an act entitled "An
act relating to the admission of patients to the
Hospital for the Insane in the District of Co-
lumbia," approved January 28, 1864; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia. .
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to :
Resolved, That Friday, the 15th instant, be assigned
for the consideration of the bills on the Calendar
relating to the District of Columbia.
NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Senate bill
No. 269.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 269) to define the
number and regulate the appointment of offi-
cers in the Navy. It provides that the num-
ber allowed in each grade of line officers on
the activc list of the Navy shall be one vice
admiral, eleven rear admirals, twenty-five
commodores, fifty captains, ninety command-
ers, one hundred and eighty lieutenant com-
manders, one hundred and eighty lieutenants,
one hundred and sixty masters, one hundred
and sixty ensigns, and in other grades the
number now allowed by law; but the increase
in the grades below that of rear admiral and
above that of lieutenant, authorized by this act,,
are to be made by selection of officers who
have rendered the most efficient and faithful
service during the recent war; and vacancies
in the grade above commodore on the active
and retired lists are to be filled by selection
from the grade next below, and the number of
rear admirals, including all on the active and
retired lists, is not to exceed twenty-one.
*0f the number of line officers of the Navy
on the active list, five lieutenant commanders,
twenty lieutenants, fifty masters, and seventy-
five ensigns may be appointed from those offi-
cers who have served in the volunteer naval
service for a period of not less than two years,
and who are either now in that service or have
been honorably discharged therefrom ; but if
by reason of these appointments the number
of officers in any grade shall exceed the num-
ber fixed by law, no more promotions or ap-
pointments to that grade are to be made until
the number is reduced below the number fixed
by law for that grade ; and the authority given
b&this section is to be exhausted when the
number of volunteer officers named shall have
been once appointed.
The Secretary of the Navy is to appoint a
board consisting of not less than three naval
officers superior in rank to the officers to be
thus appointed in the regular Navy from the
volunteer service, which board, after examina-
tion of the claims of all candidates, is to select
and report to the Secretary of the Navy, as the
most meritorious in character, ability, and hon-
orable service, twice the number to be trans-
ferred to the several grades mentioned in the
third section of this act, from whom he is to
select the persons to be appointed to each of
those grades. Any officer who has served in
the volunteer naval service for the term of two
years or more is to have the right to appear
before the examining board and present his
claims and be examined for an appointment
in the regular Navy.
The Secretary of the Navy is authorized to
retain or to appoint, under existing laws and
' regulations, such volunteer officers in the Navy
as the exigencies of the "service _ may require,
until their places can be supplied by gradu-
ates from the Naval Academy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs have reported several
amendments to the bill, which will be read and
considered in their order.
Mr. GRIMES. Before these amendments
are acted upon I desire to explain the provis-
ions of this bill to the Senate; and I trust I
shall have the attention of the Senate, because
it is a bill of considerable importance, and
establishes a new principle that has not here-
tofore been recognized or acted upon in the
Navy of the United States.
It will be observed that this bill proposes, to
increase the number of line officers of the Navy.
The number now authorized by law is one vice
admiral, nine rear admirals, eighteen commo-
dores, thirty-six captains, seventy-two com-
manders. one hundred and forty-four lieuten-
ant commanders, one hundred and forty-four
lieutenants, one hundred and forty-four mas-
ters, and one hundred and forty-four ensigns.
This bill, as amended by the committee, pro-
poses to create one admiral, one vice admiral,
ten rear admirals, twenty-five commodores,
fifty captains, ninety commanders, one hun-
dred and eighty lieutenant commanders, one
hundred and eighty lieutenants, one hundred
and sixty commanders, and one hundred and
sixty ensigns. Gentlemen who have the Regis-
ter before them, by a reference to it will observe
that here is an increase of one hundred and
forty-five officers. The number now embraced
in these various grades is seven hundred and
twelve. The number, if this bill should pass
and bccome a law, that would constitute the
Navy would be eight hundred and fifty-seven.
The committee had their attention called to
this subject by the Secretary of the Navy in a
letter addressed to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs of the Senate, dated
the 10th of April, 1866, inclosing in his letter
the bill now under consideration, in which he
says:
"The first of these proposed substitutes increases
the number of line officers, but not to the extent of
the number of volunteers which the bill adds to the
regular service by the second section; that section
adds one hundred and fifty officers, but the substitute
provides that the enumerated grades shall amount to
no more than eight hundred and fifty-seven officers,
which is an increase of only one hundred and forty-
five. Thenumberin tho^o grades allowed by exist-
ing laws is seven hundred and twelve. These num-
bers are hardly sufficient for the exigencies of the
public service on a peace establishment, and for this
reason provision is made in the fourth section of the
bill which passed the House for retaining the volun-
teers which may be needed until their places can be
supplied by graduates from the Academy.
" The next feature of the proposed first section re-
quires that this increase of otficeis in the grades below
rear admiral and abo\e lieutenant shall be made by
selection from those officers who have rendered the
most efficient and iaithful service during the war."
And it is to this now provision that I desire
to'call the attention of the Senate. Hereto-
fore, since the time of Decatur, who was pro-
moted over the heads of other officers for his
distinguished merit, all promotions, with the
exception of six, 1 believe, have been made
by regular gradation. It is proposed in this
instance that this increase in the grades shall
be made from the grade next below of those
persons who have most distinguished them-
selves during the war. Captain Worden, Com-
modore Rodgers, Lieutenant Cashing, Commo-
dore Rowan, Admiral Porter, perhaps one or
two more, I think six was the whole number,
were promoted over the heads of persons who
stood before them during the war for distin-
guished merit. This proposes to authorize a
few persons—I do not know the exact number—
to be promoted over the heads of those who
have not thus distinguished themselves: and
this is the new principle, to which I call the
attention of the Senate. The Secretary says
further:
" The law authorizing the advancement of officers
for conspicuous conduct in battle has been carried
into effect by ttie promotion of such heroes as Far-
ragut, Rodgers Rowan, Worden, Winslow, and Cach-
ing. The wisdom of the law which has carried for-
ward those officers lor distinguished service beyond
their original position and lank. X have never heard
con ti o voi ted.
" There are, however, many efficient and excel lent
officers in the Jsavy that have done good service dur-
ing the rebellion who cannot be legally reached m
consequence of the stringent terms of that law.
is important, indeed, that the exercise of the'power
of selection should be carofully guarded, and that
selection? should be judiciously and carefully made.
Under almost any circumstances they will be consid-
ered invidious by those who may be superseded, and,
an extensive list of irregula r promotions'would not
only impair the value of such promotions to tho-re-
cipients, but tend to demoralization of the service..
The war having terminated, it is eminently proper,
that those mostdistinguished should receive suitable
professional reward. Difficulty will, however, attend-
any selection that may be made; for where there ai«
discriminations dissatisfaction mustfollow. The rec-
ords of tho Department, however, and the report of
the officers, as well as the investigations made, indi-
cate, in most cases, the few men who should bo
selected for the moderate increase which is recom-
mended. Although it will not be possible to give
promotion to each and all who are deserving! I sin-
cerely hope that Congress will not, on that account,
or for any other cause, wholly ignore the claims of
those who have acquired acknowledged distinction
in hard-fought victories for the country."
The purpose of that suggestion made by the
Secretary of the Navy is to recognize the val-
uable services of officers who during four-years
have been engaged, some of them, almost in
constant battle, and to enable them to be pro-
moted, "even if it may be at the expense of
others who have not seen any service during
that time. Whether this suggestion of the Sec-
retary of the Navy should bo acquiesced in is a
matter for the Senate to determine.
The Committee on Naval Affairs have added
at the end of the first section a'clause which
will allow an increase in the number of rear
admirals on the retired list. The purpose of
this is to allow certain men, having reached
the age of sixty-two years or having performed
forty-live years of service for the country, and
performed it, well, to the acceptance of the coun-
try and with the approbation of the Depart-
ment, to go upon the retired list with the
advanced rank of rear admiral. The amount
of extra pay that will be allowed to each of
(hern is $200, and it is a question for the Sen-
ate to determine whether or not a man who
has been reared solely to that profession, who
has never had any facilities for acquiring a for-
tune in any other pursuit, who has rendered
valuable service, whose.reeord stands fair at the
Department, shall be permitted, at, the decline
of life, to have the little pittance of an addi-
tional $200, with the additional rank of a, roar
admiral. It also authorizes the Secretary of
the Navy to put on this active list some gen-
tlemen who have already been retired under
the operation of the law passed in 1862 as com-
modores, and who now stand on the Register
as commodores, but who while they were post
captains under the old condition of things were
in the command of squadrons.
The second section of the bill, as it eame
from the Navy Department, the Naval Cow
mittee have not seen fit to recommend the
Senate to adopt.
The third section the committee have taken
substantially, with the exception of the num-
ber, from a bill passed through the House of
Representatives; and it allows seventy-five
persons—the House bill allowed one hundred
and fifty—to be selected from the volunteer
naval service : that is to say. from the persons
who performed service as volunteer officers in
the Navy during the rebellion. It allows five
lieutenant commanders, ten lieutenants, twenty
masters, and forty ensigns to be appointed_ from
that class. The committee thought that itwas
due to the gentlemen who performed valuable
service to the country as volunteer naval offi-
cers that there should be this recognition of
their services: and if the committee had be-
lieved that there would be a larger number
who would be able to pass the necessary exam-
ination, I think 1 am justified in saying that
; the committee would be willing to recommend
that a larger number should be provided for.
I But there is one suggestion to be taken into
| consideration, and which, I am free to confess,
: governed my mind in a very great degree on
| that subject. If there be one thing more than
j another that is necessary to be done in con-
j ncction with the Navy it is to nationalize it, to
| cause every man throughout the length and
I breadth of the land to feel, as we have not
I been very much in thQ habit of feeling, that ha
